Credit : 20th Century Fox
There is finally a clip for the new A - Team movie , starring Liam Neeson , Bradley Cooper , Jessica Biel , Quinton ‘ Rampage ’ Jackson , Patrick Wilson and Gerald McRane .
The best summary I could find was A group of Iraq
War veterans looks to clear their name with the U.S. military , who suspect the four men of committing a crime for which they were framed .
Basically , they go rogue and blow some sh*t up .
I do n’t go crazy for full out action movies , but this one looks pretty witty .
Check out the clip behind the cut .
100 % found this document useful ( 1 vote )
100 % ( 1 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 1 vote )
Ruby Debugging at Unix
Save Save Ruby Debugging at Unix For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
The JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit 2.0 is out !
Posted in : javascript infovis toolkit , version
What 's the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit ?
What 's new in this version ?
New Visualizations
Features common to all visualizations
Panning and zooming across all visualizations .
A new event system that enables you to attach events to DOM elements or to native canvas nodes and also add support for touch events , drag and drop , etc .
Complex animations have the ability to animate any style property of a node , edge or label .
There is also support for animating canvas specific properties like shadowBlur , shadowColor , fillStyle , etc .
A new TreeMap visualization
API Redesign
A new Website
It 's alpha
Thanks
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
After more than a year of hard work I 'm proud to announce the release of the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit 2.0
The JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit provides web standard based tools to create interactive data visualizations for the Web .
This version introduces radical new features , an API redesign and new visualizations .
If you do n't want to read the whole article and just want to play with the examples you can go to the demos page With this version of the Toolkit the number of available visualizations has doubled .
Some of the new visualizations are the AreaChart , BarChart and PieChart , which were described in more detail in this article .
I 've also added Sunburst and Force - Directed visualizations .
I wrote about these visualizations before here and here .
I also want to thank Pablo Flouret , who contributed most of the code for the Icicle visualization , also a new addition to the toolkit .
You can play now with these visualizations at the demos page I 've also enhanced all visualizations with new configuration options that enable new features .
These features are : The underlying rendering functions in the TreeMap visualization have changed .
While in prior versions of the Toolkit the TreeMap was DOM - based , this new version renders the TreeMap entirely in Canvas .
This enables you to add custom nodes of any shape or nature you like ( can be images , circles , polygons ) and also to take advantage of the new animation engine of the toolkit to add smooth transitions for the drill - down .
These new things can be tested at the TreeMap section in the demos page
The old API was too low level .
Before creating any visualization you had to manually create a Canvas widget and pass it as parameter to the visualization class .
Also , many other parameters like width and height of the canvas were required .
For Background canvases the API had a couple of flaws , and it was n't clear how to use it either .
Many of these things have been solved with the new API design .
The Canvas class became an inner class implicitly created when making a new visualization .
Width and height of the canvas are set to the container 's offsetWidth and offsetHeight if they 're not provided , and background canvases are easier to attach to the visualization .
Most of all , there is now a single global object in the library : .
This declares the namespace for the library and makes sure you wo n't have conflicts with any other JavaScript library .
Last but not least , I worked on a website redesign , taking advantage of the new HTML5 / CSS3 features supported by major browsers .
There 's also a detailed documentation page to get you started .
Finally I 'd like to say that this is an alpha version .
There are lots of known bugs andto report bugs , send fixes , and collaborate in any aspect of the toolkit To Pablo Flouret for contributing code to the toolkit , and to my wife , Luz Caballero for making me happy .
Now go get the Toolkit
AN 83 - year - old Indian holy man who claimed he spent seven decades without food or water astounded a team of military doctors who studied him during a two - week observation period .
Prahlad Jani spent two weeks in a hospital in the western Indian state of Gujarat under constant surveillance from a team of 30 medical staff equipped with cameras and CCTV .
During the period , he did not eat , drink or go to the bathroom .
" We still do not know how he survives , " neurologist Sudhir Shah said after the end of the experiment .
" It is still a mystery what kind of phenomenon this is . "
The long - haired and bearded yogi was sealed in a hospital in the city of Ahmedabad in a study initiated by India 's Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) , the national defence and military research institute .
The DRDO hopes that the findings , set to be released in greater detail in several months , could help soldiers survive without food and drink , assist astronauts or even save the lives of people trapped in natural disasters .
" ( Mr Jani's ) only contact with any kind of fluid was during gargling and bathing periodically during the period , " G Ilavazahagan , the director of India 's Defence Institute of Physiology and Allied Sciences , said .
Mr Jani returned to his village near Ambaji in northern Gujarat after leaving the hospital , where he will resume his routine of yoga and meditation .
He said he was blessed by a goddess at a young age , which gave him special powers .
During the 15 - day observation , which ended on Thursday , the doctors took scans of Mr Jani 's organs , brain and blood vessels , and conducted tests on his heart , lungs and memory capacity .
" If ( Mr ) Jani does not derive energy from food and water , he must be doing that from energy sources around him , sunlight being one , " said Dr Shah .
" As medical practitioners , we can not shut our eyes to possibilities , to a source of energy other than calories . "
by Unity
10:38 am - May 6th 2010
Sorry , the comment form is closed at this time .
Subscribe and get comics in your inbox .
How to Name a Volcano A short comic detailing how a volcano gets its name .
By Giles Edwards
Producer , BBC Radio 4's Day One in Number Ten
The last few days have been some of the most extraordinary in modern British politics .
What secrets lie behind the famous black door at No 10 ?
Yet away from the cameras , precious few glimpses have been offered behind the big black door of Number 10 , where a well - oiled machine has whirred in motion .
The civil service on one side , and a crack team of planners inside the political parties on the other , have started to implement carefully laid plans .
The new prime minister has been meeting the people he will rely on to deliver on the promises he has made .
Among them will be some of the state 's most secret servants , briefing him on highly sensitive security , intelligence and nuclear matters .
And now , for the first time , two former director generals of the security service , MI5 , have spoken to BBC Radio 4's Day One in Number Ten programme about those briefings .
In the first few hours of his new young premiership , MI5 briefs the new PM on anyone he might be thinking of appointing to his government who might be cause for concern .
We have known for a long time that this happens .
Tory talk
What we have not known - until now - is exactly how that works , or how many people are involved .
But now MI5 's director general , Sir Stephen Lander , has described what happened during the 1997 transition .
My experience is they know an awful lot about the peccadilloes of members of their own party
Sir Patrick Walker , former MI5 director general He told Radio 4 : " In 1997 therefore the way the then cabinet secretary and I agreed we would deal with it ... was that I would produce the summaries , one sheet for each of the individuals that we thought we should make a comment on . "
Asked by Professor Peter Hennessy , who presents the programme , whether this had numbered in single figures , he confirmed that it had , then added that in 1997 it had been agreed that " the cabinet secretary and the prime minister 's principal private secretary would have copies of these , and if the prime minister said I 'm thinking of making X secretary of state for defence , they would say ' well prime minister , you might like to read this from the security service ' . "
Sir Stephen confirmed that none of the summaries were required at the time , but added that Tony Blair later asked to see something they had written about one of the individuals .
Intriguingly for the new government , the director general of MI5 and the cabinet secretary also went to see the then Conservative Leader William Hague .
They had a talk with him , too , about the " very small number of people in the Conservative Party , and he knew about the circumstances of one of them and not really about the others , and we had a sensible conversation and he said he'd take it into account when he was thinking about his shadow cabinet , and that was it " .
' Peccadilloes ' Both Sir Stephen Lander and predecessor Sir Patrick
Walker emphasised that the issues they had raised with the prime minister were not about personal behaviour - financial or sexual - but solely about national security .
" No , the peccadilloes of politicians is for the whips office , " said Sir Patrick Walker , adding " and my experience is they know an awful lot about the peccadilloes of members of their own party . "
The MI5 building is a short walk from Downing Street Despite a great deal of speculation over the years , both men seemed sure that no foreign agent ever managed to get into the British cabinet .
Sir Patrick Walker explained that during the Cold War " the amount of intelligence coming out from defectors and agents on the Soviet activities made it pretty clear that we got just about anybody .
You know you can't be 100 % sure , but I do n't think there were any hangovers .
" So therefore , I mean certainly in my experience and I suspect in Stephen 's , there would be no suggestion that any of them were anybody who'd reached cabinet rank was in any way connected with the Soviet services . "
The programme also reveals the thoughts of other highly discreet Crown servants at times of great political change .
Mary Francis , a private secretary to the Queen in 1997 , reveals how the excitement of a transition percolated even through to them ; and John Holroyd , appointments secretary in Number 10 in 1997 , reveals what happens after the big black door closes .
" The house is always serene and calm , " he says .
" It 's partly the effect of the long corridor that leads away from the front door , which is carpeted and long and serene in itself and seems able to absorb any amount of hubbub and so on , and once the prime minister is in there that 's his home , that 's his office , and I think it encompasses people . "
It remains to be seen whether the new prime minister and his entourage will be " encompassed " in a similar way .
Day One in Number
Ten was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 at 1100hrs BST on Friday , 14 May 2010 .
Listen again on the BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recently I wrote about C++’s standard binary search algorithms ( yes , four of them ! ) which do such a fine job of :
specifying exactly what kind of range a binary search requires
separating the core algorithm from the details of the range it ’s working on
delivering precise results
To support these claims I included an implementation of a file iterator , suitable for use with std::binary_search ( ) etc. to efficiently locate values in very large files .
Now , there are a couple of issues with this approach :
we had to write a lot of code to make a file iterator suitable for use with standard algorithms this file iterator only works on highly structured files , where each value occupies a fixed number of bytes
In this follow up article we ’ll consider each of these issues in a little more depth by working through two very different solutions to a related problem .
Suppose , once again , that we have a large file , a few gigabytes , say .
The file contains numbers , in order , and we ’re interested in testing if this file contains a given number .
This time , though , the file is a text file , where the numbers are represented in the usual way as sequences of digits separated by whitespace .
$ less lots - of - numbers ... 10346 11467 11469 11472 11501 11662 12204 12290 ...
Note that a number in this file does not occupy a fixed number of bytes .
If we jump to a new position in the file using a seek operation , we cannot expect to land exactly where a number starts .
Thus the random access file iterator we developed last time wo n’t work .
In C++ an input file is an example of an input stream , and the standard library gives us istream_iterators which perform formatted input .
In our case , an istream_iterator < int > effectively converts the file into a stream of numbers .
Istream iterators are input iterators .
They progress through the input stream , item by item , with no repeating or rewinding allowed .
Despite their limitations , the C++ standard library provides some algorithms which require nothing more than basic input iterators .
For example , to count up even numbers in the file whose name is supplied on the command line we might use std::count_if .
#include < algorithm > # include < fstream > # include < iostream > # include < iterator > bool is_even ( int x ) { return x % 2 == 0 ; } int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { typedef std::istream_iterator<int > i_iter ; typedef std::ostream_iterator<int > o_iter ; std::ifstream in ( argv [ 1 ] ) ; std::cout << std::count_if(i_iter( in ) , i_iter ( ) , is_even ) << '
' ; return 0 ; }
The next version of C++ supports lambda functions , so you ’ll be able to put is_even right where it ’s used , in the count_if ( ) function call .
Or , with the current version of C++ , you could write :
Ouch ! .... std::count_if(i_iter( in ) , i_iter ( ) , std::not1(std::bind2nd(std::modulus<int >( ) , 2 ) ) )
Maybe not !
The very simplest search algorithm , std: : find , needs nothing more than an input iterator .
To determine if a number is in a file , we could just invoke std :: find .
typedef std::istream_iterator<int > i_iter ; bool is_number_in_file ( char const * filename , int n ) { std ::ifstream in( filename ) ; i_iter begin( in ) ; i_iter end ; return std : : find ( begin , end , n ) != end ; }
Here , the find algorithm advances through the numbers in the file , from start to finish , stopping as soon as it hits one equal to the supplied value , n .
We can expect this function to be light on memory use — there will be some buffering at the lower levels of the file access , but nothing more — and the function is evidently correct .
It would be correct even if our file was unsorted , however .
Is there any way we can do better ?
In the previous article we developed a random access iterator for accessing binary files , and usable for efficient binary searches of sorted binary files .
Now would be a good time to question the problem specification .
Is this a one off ?
Or are we going to be testing the presence of more numbers in the file in future ?
And if so , can we convert the file to binary to save time in the long run ?
Although I ’m not going to pursue this option here , it may well be the best approach .
For now , though , let ’s assume we have a one - off problem to solve , and that we are n’t allowed to tinker with the input .
If we want to use std:: binary_search we need , as a minimum , forward iterators .
Like input iterators , forward iterators advance , one step at a time .
Unlike input iterators , you can copy a forward iterator and dereference or advance that copy in future , independently of the original .
Forward iterators are suitable for multipass algorithms , such as std :: search , which looks for the first occurrence of a sequence within a sequence ( a generalised strstr , if you like ) , or std :: adjacent_find and std:: search_n which look for repeated elements ; and of course std:: binary_search , which is our immediate interest .
Would n’t it be nice if we could convert our istream iterators into forwards iterators ?
Then we could plug them directly into all these algorithms .
Other languages allow this .
You can replicate streams in the Unix shell with tee .
And you can do something similar in Python , thanks to one of the standard iterator tools .
Independent iterators over the same sequence needed ?
Itertools .
tee is your friend .
The example below codes up adjacent find in Python .
from itertools import tee import sys def adjacent_find ( xs ) : ''' Does the supplied iterable contain any adjacent repeats ?
Returns
True if xs contains two consecutive , equal items , False otherwise . ''' try : curr , next_ = tee ( xs ) next ( next_ ) return any ( c == n for c , n in zip ( curr , next_ ) ) except StopIteration : return False
Why , even Java has an iterator adaptors , courtesy of Jez Higgins ’ Mango library .
What about C++?
I could n’t find any such iterator adaptors in the standard library , but I turned up something in the standard library research and development unit , also known as Boost .
Boost .
Spirit is a remarkable C++ parser framework , which uses operator overloading to represent parsers directly as EBNF grammars in C ++.
Somewhere in its depths it tracks back , and hence must adapt input iterators into forward iterators — or multipass iterators , to use its own term .
The multi_pass iterator will convert any input iterator into a forward iterator suitable for use with Spirit .
Qi. multi_pass will buffer data when needed and will discard the buffer when its contents is not needed anymore .
This happens either if only one copy of the iterator exists or if no backtracking can occur .
What ’s good enough for parsing is more than good enough for searching .
Here ’s a function which detects whether a number is in a file .
Most of the code here just includes the right headers and defines some typedefs .
By leaning on high quality support libraries we ’ve overcome our first issue : we no longer have to write loads of code just to call binary search !
Boost spirit multipass iterators # include < fstream > # include < iterator > # include < algorithm > # include < boost / spirit/ include/support_multi_pass.hpp > namespace spirit = boost :: spirit ; typedef long long number ; typedef std::istream_iterator<number > in_it ; typedef spirit::multi_pass<in_it > fwd_it ; /*
Returns true if the input number can be found in the named file , false otherwise .
The file must contain ordered , whitespace separated numbers .
*/ bool is_number_in_file ( number n , char const * filename ) { std::ifstream in( filename ) ; fwd_it begin = spirit::make_default_multi_pass( in_it( in ) ) ; fwd_it end = spirit::make_default_multi_pass( in_it( ) ) ; return std::binary_search( begin , end , n ) ; }
If this library - based solution looks too good to be true , that ’s because it is !
As we noted before , the standard binary search algorithm may indeed work with forward iterators , but it works far better with random access iterators .
There ’s no point reducing the number of integer comparisons to O ( log ( N ) ) if we ’re going to advance our iterators O ( N ) times .
What ’s worse , these multipass iterators are n’t magic .
Did you read the smallprint concerning Python ’s tee iterator ?
This itertool may require significant auxiliary storage ( depending on how much temporary data needs to be stored ) .
If teed iterators diverge , intervening values have to be stored somewhere , and the same appears to be true of our inscrutable multipass iterators .
Huge chunks of our large input file are buffered into memory .
When I ran this function to confirm the presence of a single number somewhere near the middle of a 4.4GB input file , it took over 19 minutes .
real 19m13.675s user 5m19.219s sys 1m26.278s
Much of this time was spent paging .
As a comparison , testing for the same value using find took just under 3 minutes .
real 2m48.139s user 2m21.336s sys 0m7.252s
You ’ll have noticed that we used default multipass iterators .
These iterators permit multi-dimensional customisation .
I was n’t feeling brave enough to attempt a template storage policy class , and I very much doubt I could have beaten a simple linear find anyway ; anything built on a generic input iterator is unlikely to solve our problem efficiently .
We can beat std : : find with a bit of ingenuity .
Standard istream iterators are useful but , in this case , not a good starting point .
A better idea is to create a novel iterator which uses file seek operations to advance through the file , then fine - tunes the file position to point at a number .
Consider an imagine an iterator which can be positioned at any seekable position in the file , and which we dereference to be the first number in the file which ends at or after that position .
The graphic below shows a file with 11 seekable positions , 0 through 10 inclusive .
positions 0 and 1 dereference to the number 42
positions 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 dereference to the number 57
positions 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 dereference to the number 133
it is an error to try and dereference position 10 , at the end of the file
Now , this is a rather unusual iterator .
It iterates over the numbers in the file , but each number gets repeated for every byte in the file it occupies .
Despite this duality it ’s perfectly usable — so long as we keep a clear head .
Binary searches are fine .
How does this version perform ?
Recall , a linear search for a single value in the middle of a 4.4GB took nearly 3 minutes .
Running 10 binary searches through the same file took just 40 milliseconds — that ’s a rate of 25 searches a second !
Here ’s our weird new iterator .
It should be usable on files containing whitespace separated items of any type for which the stream read operator > >( ) has been defined .
There ’s quite a lot of code here , but much of it is random access iterator scaffolding .
The interesting functions are the private implementation details towards the end of the class .
#include < fstream > # include < ios > # include < iterator > # include < stdexcept > # include < ctype.h > //
File read error , thrown when low level file access fails .
class file_read_error : public std::runtime_error { public : file_read_error( std::string const & what ) : std::runtime_error( what ) { } } ; /*
Here 's an unusual iterator which can be used to binary search for whitespace - separated items in a text file .
It masquerades as a random access iterator but a file is not usually a random access device .
Nonetheless , file seek operations are quicker than stepping through the file item by item .
The unusual thing is that the iterators correspond to file offsets rather than items within the file .
Here 's a short example where the items are numbers .
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+ | 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
|' 4'| ' 2'| | | '5 ' | ' 7 '| | ' 1 ' | ' 3 ' | ' 3'| +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
The graphic shows a text file which contains 3 numbers , 42 , 57 , 133 , separated by whitespace .
The file itself is 10 bytes long , and hence there are 11 iterators over the file , corresponding to actual file positions ( including the one - past - the end position ) .
To dereference an iterator , we step back through the file until we reach either whitespace or the start of the file .
Then we look forwards again and read in the next item .
In the graphic above : - Iterators 0 and 1 point to number 42 - Iterators 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 point to number 57 - Iterators 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 point to number 133 - Iterator 10 is the end , and must not be dereferenced Dereferencing an iterator always returns an item which is in the file , and all items in the file have iterators pointing to them , so std :: binary_search based on these iterators is valid .
The iterators also expose their underlying file positions directory ( via the getpos ( ) member function ) , and with a little thought we can make use of std::lower_bound ( ) and std::upper_bound( ) . */ template < typename item > class text_file_item_iter { typedef text_file_item_iter < item > iter ; private : // Sanity //
Check things are OK , throwing an error on failure .
void check ( bool ok , std : : string const & what ) { if ( ! ok ) { throw file_read_error ( what ) ; } } public : // Traits typedefs , which make this class usable with // algorithms which need a random access iterator .
typedef std::random_access_iterator_tag iterator_category ; typedef item value_type ; typedef std:: streamoff difference_type ; typedef item * pointer ; typedef item & reference ; enum start_pos { begin , end } ; public : // Lifecycle text_file_item_iter ( iter const & other ) : fname ( other.fname ) { open ( ) ; setpos( other.pos ) ; } text_file_item_iter ( ) : pos( - 1 ) { } text_file_item_iter ( std :: string const & fname , start_pos where = begin ) : fname ( fname ) , pos( - 1 ) { open ( ) ; if ( where == end ) { seek_end ( ) ; } } ~ text_file_item_iter ( ) { close ( ) ; } iter & operator= ( iter const & other ) { close ( ) ; fname = other .
fname ; open ( ) ; setpos( other.pos ) ; return * this ; } public : // Comparison //
Note : it 's an error to compare iterators over different files .
bool operator < ( iter const & other ) const { return pos < other .
pos ; } bool operator >( iter const & other ) const { return pos > other .
pos ; } bool operator= = ( iter const & other ) const { return pos == other .
pos ; } bool operator !=( iter const & other ) const { return pos != other .pos ; } public : // Iteration iter & operator ++( ) { return * this += 1 ; } iter & operator --() { return * this -= 1 ; } iter operator ++( int ) { iter tmp ( * this ) ; ++( * this ) ; return tmp ; } iter operator - -( int ) { iter tmp ( * this ) ; --(* this ) ; return tmp ; } public : // Step iter & operator +=( difference_type n) { advance (n ) ; return * this ; } iter & operator - =( difference_type n ) { advance ( - n ) ; return * this ; } iter operator +( difference_type n ) { iter result ( * this ) ; return result += n ; } iter operator - ( difference_type n ) { iter result ( * this ) ; return result -= n ; } public : // Distance difference_type operator - ( iter & other ) { return pos - other .
pos ; } public : // Access value_type operator *( ) { return ( * this ) [ 0 ] ; } value_type operator [ ] ( difference_type n ) { std:: streampos restore = getpos ( ) ; advance (n ) ; value_type const result = read ( ) ; setpos( restore ) ; return result ; } //
Allow direct access to the underlying stream position std:: streampos getpos ( ) { std::streampos pos_ = in.tellg ( ) ; check ( in , " getpos failed " ) ; return pos_ ; } private : // Implementation details void open ( ) { in.open ( fname.c_str ( ) , std : :ios : : binary ) ; check ( in , " open failed " ) ; pos = getpos ( ) ; } void close ( ) { if ( in.is_open ( ) ) { in.close ( ) ; check ( in , " close failed " ) ; } } void advance ( difference_type n ) { check ( in.seekg ( n , std::ios_base : : cur ) , " advance failed " ) ; pos = getpos ( ) ; } void seek_end ( ) { check ( in.seekg( 0 , std::ios_base : :end ) , " seek_end failed " ) ; chop_whitespace ( ) ; pos = getpos ( ) ; } void chop_whitespace ( ) { do { in.unget ( ) ; } while ( isspace ( in.peek ( ) ) ) ; in.get ( ) ; in.clear ( ) ; } void setpos ( std : : streampos newpos ) { check ( in.seekg ( newpos ) , " setpos failed " ) ; pos = newpos ; } // Return the item at the current position value_type read ( ) { item n = 0 ; //
Reverse till we hit whitespace or the start of the file while ( in && !isspace ( in.peek ( ) ) ) { in.unget ( ) ; } in.clear ( ) ; check ( in >> n , " read failed " ) ; return n ; } private : // State std:: string fname ; std :: ifstream in ; std :: streampos pos ; } ;
Model Name : MacBook Model Identifier : MacBook1,1 Processor Name : Intel Core Duo Processor Speed : 2 GHz Number Of Processors : 1 Total Number Of Cores : 2 L2 Cache ( per processor ) : 2 MB Memory : 2 GB Bus Speed : 667 MHz
Initially the Boost .
Spirit solution looked promising but we pushed it too hard .
Suitable abstractions can remove complexity ; but they can also hide it .
When efficiency matters , we need a handle on what ’s going on .
After this false start we did find a way to create a file iterator suitable for use with the standard binary search algorithms .
Use it with care , though !
Danger for Florida Oil Slick Could Ride Ocean Current to Pollute Further
Experts feared that it would happen -- and now it has .
The devastating oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has come in contact with a strong ocean current .
As a result , the oil could end up further afield , with unforeseen and potentially devastating consequences .
Before :
Image Source : FotozUP.com
After :
Image Source : TopNews
Just look at little Sally ’s crazy eyes in the Before picture .
She wants her toast and jam damnit !
A few ( million ) toast and jam sandwiches later and , well , you get the After picture , which , yeah , is not good .
That ’s a problem .
Here are some solutions .
A German cybercrime forum was hacked by attackers who have exposed the underground dealings of the criminal denizens .
The hackers snagged the database containing what appears to be all the private correspondence of the forum members , and posted it to the web .
The hackers also posted information on the IP addresses forum members used when they signed up for membership , noting that most of the administrators and moderators on the site did n't use a proxy to access it .
They also posted usernames , e-mail addresses and some cracked passwords of members , who number 5,000 .
The data was posted to the RapidShare file - trading site .
Here we go .
Some crazy combination of username : password : plain : mail .
I hope you guys dont mind if we did not crack all of them .
Passwords are stored as sha1 ( $username .$pass ) .
Feel free to bruteforce the rest .
DEIM0S:97e36bdc7778264c9ca785b86beda24a277c4713::deimos@carders.cc
Nowo : bdda38c461e2bcaf54c8c0d0adf9b946::nowolix@hotmail.de
MoneyBoss:2dca6800fdf6ea230f48ba307b68e5bf::asdfg-1337@web.de
sPloiT:5f2c0db92c5c716a2e4e4e55bca6b995::cadazadmin@gmail.com
Moq:da2384e118f6d9aca8c0d832fdf28c90c4218c8a:fenerbahce:: Mehmet-43-@hotmail.de
cyberhood : 29b0b59fd185b3b4a7072fb374e282e19cdc3361::soh.cyberhood@googlemail.com
The hack was first reported by Brian Krebs .
Carders.cc was hacked through a poorly secured web server , according to the attackers , who disclosed their method and reason for hacking the forum in an e-zine they published with one of the data files :
Many of you guys may have noticed this breeding German “ underground ” shit called carders.cc .
For those who do n’t : Carders is a marketplace full of everything that is illegal and bad .
Carding , fraud , drugs , weapons and tons of kiddies .
They used to be only a small forum , but after we erased 1337 - crew they got more power .
The rats left the sinking ship .
The voices told us to own them since carders is our fault and we had to fix our flaw .
So we did .
During the ownage they also gave us lulz by showing off their ridiculous configuration skills which had a specific impact on their security .
They actually managed to chmod and chown nearly everything to 777 and www - user readable .
Including their / root directory .
The database of correspondence includes messages between buyers and sellers on the forum as they exchanged stolen bank - card data and criminal services .
One message is from a vendor selling skimmers to attach to bank - card readers to sniff the card data .
He 's also hawking login information to bank accounts in the United States and Britain that have a minimum $ 15,000 balance in them .
But for " REAL " hackers , he claims to offer backdoor access straight into the networks of financial institutions such as Citibank , HSBC and Bank of America .
ICQ:574-109-754
YM:rfidskimmer@yahoo.com
my name is rohan im here to show these fake ass ripper how a realy business man do business we dont take peoples money and run away
i know that there is a lot of rippers out there and people be all scared to do business but let me tell you a little about me Im a verified MSR606 seller i can show pick and video if you need to know .
my dumps+pin are straight from the bank
no second hand dumps i even sell skimmer kit for all who are interested in the big money game i will show how to correctly install and use skimmer kit i also get CVV directly from bank too i will show all newbies to this game how to make a purchase from cvv and get it ship directly to thier address in steady of billing address
i have also bank logins with limit 15 k UK and US , i have the newly created WU bug no body on the face of the earth has got this only me because i have an inside link to western union server that helped me creat this software add me and we talk about it ( rfidskimmer )
For my fellow REAL hackers i have v4 and v5 socks selling i even have back door entrance to HSBC , B.O.A , CITIBANK E.T.C
He 's challenged by another member , however , who suspects a scam .
' TO befire : man if u have citibank online accounts please connect me , but I working with online banking many years and I khow when people said that has got backdoor to bank it ''s always be rippers .
I f u really have some banks accounts of citibank or otherplease contact me In PM but it ''s imbosible have backdoor to bank because
If u have it u never tell about it in public forum ...
This is n't the first time a carding forum has been owned by outsiders .
Notorious hacker Max Vision , who ran the carding forum CardersMarket under the handle Iceman , took over several competing carding forums in 2006 through an ingenious hack , snagging their content and appropriating their members for his own carding empire .
Understanding 64 - Bit Office
02/23/2010
7 minutes to read
In this article
Microsoft Office 2010 marks the first time Office will be shipping in both 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions .
With Windows 7 , you have the option of running 64 - bit Windows on your 64 - bit PC , and now with Office 2010 you have that same choice .
As 64 - bit processors and operating systems are becoming the standard for systems ranging from servers to desktop computers , 64 - bit Office will be able to take advantage of everything that 64 - bit systems have to offer .
Some users need greater memory capacity , and those who crunch huge Excel spreadsheets filled with financial data or those who track large projects ( such as building an aircraft carrier ) using Microsoft Project have that capability .
File sizes greater than 2 GB are now possible for applications such as 64 - bit Excel and Project , with pretty much all the same user experience and functionality as 32 - bit Office .
It ’s important to note , however , that 32 - bit and 64 - bit Office side - by - side on the same machine is not supported .
In this post , I ’ll help you decide what version is best for you , show you how to install the version you want , provide some background on 64 - bit Office , and list some things you should keep in mind .
What does “ 64 - bit ” mean ?
First , let ’s take a step back and understand what 64 - bit means .
A 32 - bit processor uses a 32 - bit memory address length , which limits the memory it can address to about 4 GB .
As users are running more memory - intensive applications at once , a 32 - bit address length is no longer adequate .
Enter the 64 - bit processor , which can address a potential 17 billion GB .
With a 64 - bit processor , you can install a 32 - bit or a 64 - bit operating system ( OS ) , though only a 64 - bit OS is capable of addressing more than 4 GB of memory .
Finally , depending on what OS you ’ve installed , you can then install a 32 - bit or 64 - bit application .
There is support for 32 - bit applications to run on 64 - bit Windows using Windows - 32 - on - Windows - 64 ( WOW64 ) .
Benefits of 64 - bit Windows with 32 - bit Office
Before talking about 64 - bit Office , I want to emphasize how much better 32 - bit Office is on 64 - bit Windows compared to 32 - bit Windows .
The basic reason is simple .
On 32 - bit Windows , it does n’t make sense to install more than 4 GB of physical memory because anything beyond 4 GB ca n’t be addressed .
However , the limitation means constantly jumping among multiple applications could degrade performance because of thrashing .
On 64 - bit Windows , you can install a lot more physical memory .
While we work hard to minimize the amount of memory our applications use ( Office 2010 has the same minimum memory requirements as Office 2007 ) , this ability to access more memory means that 32 - bit Office applications on 64 - bit Windows will be able to open , edit , present documents , and switch among applications much faster than on 32 - bit Windows .
This is especially true if you run other memory - intensive applications alongside Office .
Of course , your ultimate performance will be determined by the relationship between the amount of virtual memory being actively used and the amount of actual memory installed on your system .
Whether you choose to run 32 - bit Office or 64 - bit Office , 64 - bit Windows 7 or Vista makes a great operating system environment .
What version should you use ?
If you ’re trying to decide between 32 - bit and 64 - bit Office , you should ask yourself what your needs are .
Are you an Excel power user working with huge amounts of data ?
Do you need to work with file sizes greater than 2 GB ?
If so , then you would benefit from 64 - bit Office being able to utilize more memory .
If not , we ’re recommending 32 - bit Office 2010 as the default installation on both 32 - bit and 64 - bit Windows mainly due to compatibility with existing 32 - bit controls , add-ins , and VBA ( update : most VBA code will work without modification on 64 - bit Office , but see this paper more details ) .
We expect over time for 64 - bit Office to become the norm .
Beyond the immediate benefits of supporting larger documents , there will be benefits to having a consistent 64 - bit ecosystem for all extensions and controls .
By offering a 64 - bit version of Office 2010 , we have taken a huge step along this transition path and enabled both customers and partners to be well - positioned for the future .
Installing what you want
If you ’re downloading Office 2010 online , then you get to decide what version to download ( you can get the other version later if you want ) .
If you buy it on a DVD , both 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions of Office 2010 will be available .
If you install 32 - bit Office , for example , and you decide later you want to use 64 - bit Office instead , the 32 - bit version must be uninstalled ( it ’s as simple as uninstalling any other program ) before installing the 64 - bit version .
On the DVD , you ’ll notice that the file structure looks like this :
On a computer with no Office products installed , the setup.exe file denoted by the red arrow is the “ platform selector . ”
If you run it , it will automatically install 32 - bit Office 2010 by default , even on 64 - bit Windows .
The only time it will install 64 - bit Office is if it detects 64 - bit Office already installed on your computer .
If you want to install 64 - bit Office , then open the x64 folder and run setup.exe from there .
Similarly , running the setup.exe file in the x86 folder will install 32 - bit Office directly .
You ’ll see these instructions if you run setup.exe on 64 - bit Windows , select Customize , and click on the Platform tab .
We do not support 32 - bit and 64 - bit Office versions side - by - side natively on the same 64 - bit Windows instance .
For example , you will be blocked from installing 64 - bit Excel 2010 if 32 - bit Outlook 2010 is already installed .
This also applies to previous versions of Office , so that 64 - bit Project 2010 cannot be installed on the same Windows instance as 32 - bit Office 2007 .
Of course if you are running a 32 - bit operating system , you will only be able to install and run 32 - bit applications .
You ’ll be able to check the version of Office you have by going to the Backstage view ( click File tab | Help ) :
If you want to check what version of Windows you have , right - click Computer , select Properties , and look under “ System type . ”
Getting to 64 - bit Office
What did it take to get here ?
Simply telling the compiler to generate 64 - bit code was a first , but very small step .
We had to find all the places where pointer differences or buffer lengths were stored in 32 - bit values rather than 64 - bit values .
We built special tools to examine code for problematic computations that might fail on 64 - bit .
We had to find new ways of testing the applications to identify errors that would only arise when the code was running .
Virtually every line of the millions of lines of code in Office needed to be examined for the consequences of this shift .
Many of our tools also needed to be ported as we shifted our default development environment to 64 - bit .
We also needed to consider ActiveX controls and components .
For example , 32 - bit Internet Explorer ( IE ) can only load 32 - bit ActiveX controls , so the 32 - bit version of the controls in Office needed to be shipped with 64 - bit Office .
In addition , there are some components from teams within Microsoft that ship with Office , and we needed to make sure 64 - bit versions of these were also available .
( For developers : there are exceptions , such as the Microsoft Common Control ( ComCtl.OCX ) files , which will only be available as 32 - bit controls ) .
What you should know
Both 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions of Office are largely indistinguishable , except that 64 - bit Office has a much higher memory capacity .
As mentioned above , the extra memory capacity comes at the cost of some compatibility with existing extensions to Office , such as 32 - bit versions of ActiveX Controls and some 3rd party add-ins , in addition to 32 - bit versions of programs that interface directly with Office .
New versions of these extensions will need to be obtained , and it will take some time for 64 - bit compatible extensions to be made available .
For these reasons , we recommend running 32 - bit Office 2010 even on 64 - bit Windows operating systems for better compatibility .
On 64 - bit Windows , more applications and documents may be opened at once , and switching among them will be faster because the machine can have more physical memory for the processes to share .
When the 64 - bit ecosystem for Office is more mature , you ’ll be able to easily migrate to 64 - bit Office !
Ted Way ,
Program Manager , Product Lifecycle and Engineering Excellence ( PLEX )
Microsoft Office
2/26 Update : Most VBA code will work without modification on 64 - bit Office , but see this paper more details .
( this statement has been added above as well )
Laboratories are now working on creating a drug which mimics the effects of three of them – two that increase the production of so - called ' good ' cholesterol in the body , which reduces the risk of heart disease and stroke , and a third that helps prevent diabetes .
Projeniz için , hedef kitlenizin ihtiyaç ve duyarl ılıklarını yansıtan , hedeflerinize ulaşmanıza odaklanan çalışmalar yap ıyoruz .
Hedefe Yönelik
Hizmetlerimizi hedef kitlenize yönelik sunuyor , onları doğru anlamanızı sağlayacak testler yap ıyor ve bu testleri tecrübelerimiz ile bir araya getiriyoruz .
Background and Qualifications *
This does n't have to be very long ... should be done in the same style as an elevator pitch !
That 's what happens when you have independent suspension in your 4X4 , if something does n't need " upgrades " , just leave it like it is .
RAMALLAH , West Bank — An adviser to Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian president sees no need to quit indirect Mideast peace talks over Israel 's interception of a Gaza - bound ship .
The killing of nine pro-Palestinian activists in Monday 's Israeli raid has raised concern that U.S. - led efforts to broker an Israeli - Palestinian peace deal could be disrupted .
Abbas met late Monday with senior PLO officials to assess the situation .
Abbas adviser Mohammed Ishtayeh says Abbas told the group there is no need to quit the negotiations since the Palestinians are talking to the U.S. and not to Israel .
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE .
Check back soon for further information .
AP 's earlier story is below .
JERUSALEM ( AP ) -- Israeli commandos rappelled down to an aid flotilla sailing to thwart a Gaza blockade on Monday , clashing with pro-Palestinian activists on the lead ship in a botched raid that left at least nine passengers dead .
Bloodied passengers sprawled on the deck and troops dived into the sea to save themselves during several hours of hand - to - hand fighting that injured dozens of activists and six soldiers .
Hundreds of activists -- many of whom were apparently Turkish -- were towed from the international waters to Israeli detention centers and hospitals .
International condemnation was swift and harsh as Israel scrambled to explain how what was meant to be a simple takeover of a civilian vessel went so badly awry .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu abruptly canceled a planned meeting with President Barack Obama in Washington to rush home .
The global reaction appeared likely to increase pressure to end the embargo that has plunged Gaza 's 1.5 million residents deeper into poverty .
Most of the information about what happened on the single ship where violence broke out came from Israel , which cut off all communication to and from the activists and provided testimony and video evidence that its soldiers came under attack by activists armed with metal rods , knives , slingshots and two pistols snatched from the troops .
Passengers reached at an Israeli hospital and journalists aboard the ship accused the soldiers of using excessive force .
One passenger , who identified himself as American , spoke briefly with reporters .
" I 'm not violent .
What I can tell you is that there are bruises all over my body .
They wo n't let me show them to you , " he said before he was pushed away by a security escort .
A soldier identified only as a sergeant told reporters at a military briefing that the activists on board " were armed with knives , scissors , pepper spray and guns . "
He said he was armed only with a paintball rifle .
" It was a civilian paintball gun that any 12 - year - old can play with , " he said .
" I saw my friends on the deck spitting blood . "
I ’m in Australia at the moment , and here ’s the scoop on the Brisbane workshop :
Saturday , Nov. 28 , 1 PM in New Farm Park , near the rotunda
If it ’s raining , we ’ll find another spot .
If you ’d like to get notified of any changes , please send me an email with your mobile number and I ’ll be sure to let you know if we move the location .
Please see the About tab for my email address .
I did an informal workshop in Hobart on Nov. 16 with about 8 enthusiastic players who patiently endured my onslaught of information .
I also enjoyed some tunes with Fred Pribac and saw what I suspect was just a small portion of his extensive instrument collection .
Thanks to everyone in Hobart for your hospitality !
I ’ve been in Australia since Nov. 4 and saw my first Australian banjo on that first day , near my lodging at Mary MacKillop Place in North Sydney .
If they had an extra banjo , I would have joined in .
Ten days later , I had my second banjo sighting in the Adelaide Christmas Parade :
So far my itinerary has included Sydney , Darwin , Adelaide , Hobart , and Perth .
Brisbane , Melbourne , and another trip to Sydney are coming up .
It was a long and exhausting task : playing hundreds of online games for hours in a row , day after day .
It was hard , but someone had to do it .
Advertisement
The result is the list that you will find below .
Enjoy !
Action Games
1. IndestructoTank
As you probably guessed , on this game , you get to drive an indestructible tank around .
Once attacked by enemies ’ bombs , the tank will be blasted into the sky and you will be able to hit the helicopters and planes .
The more enemies you manage to take down on a single combo , the more points you earn .
Make sure to reach the required experience points before your fuel ends .
Click here to play IndestructoTank
2. Electricman2HS
Advertisement
A fighting game where you need to beat down several opponents at the same time .
The variety of kicks , punches , throws , and defensive movements really creates a funny experience .
You even have slow - motion movements a la Matrix !
Click here to play Electricman2HS
3. The Fancy Pants Adventure
Think about Sonic the Hedgehog with a more clean design and some physics effects added .
Ah , and a character that wears some really fancy pants !
Just run through the levels , avoiding the monsters and collecting the swirls and trophies .
Click here to play The Fancy Pants Adventure
4. Dino Run
In this game , you play a small dinosaur that is trying to escape the imminent extinction from a fallen meteor .
You basically need to run among obstacles , hills , and fellow dinosaurs that are also trying to escape .
Putting it short :
Run like there is no tomorrow !
Click here to play Dino Run
5. Matrix Rampage
The Matrix fans out there will have fun with this one .
You play as Neo in this game , jumping to and from floors on buildings and killing agents along the way .
Guns , swords , staffs , and pretty much everything else on the scenario can be used to get the job done .
Click here to play Matrix Rampage
6. Amorphous +
The Gooples are all around you .
They are colored bubbles that float around trying to kill you .
Luckily , you are not alone .
You have a huge - ass knife to cleave them all !
Click here to play Amorphous +
7. Double Wires
Ever wanted to fly around like Spider - Man ?
With this little Flash game , you can get close to it .
You ’ll use your mouse to shoot two wires and prevent the little guy from falling .
The objective is to go as far as possible .
Click here to play Double Wires
8. Final Ninja
We could n’t leave ninja games out of the list , right ?
On Final Ninja , you command a little ( but badass ) ninja on a side - scrolling adventure .
Your tool belt comes with throwing stars , a grappling rope , and the ability to become invisible .
Pretty cool .
Click here to play Final Ninja
9. Gunmaster Onslaught 2.0
On Gunmaster Onslaught , you play an army commando who has to stay alive as long as possible by surviving the assault of the enemies .
At your disposal , you have guns , mines , and even rocket launchers !
Move around to collect the ammo as well .
Click here to play Gunmaster Onslaught
10 . Robokill
A very engaging game where you play a mercenary robot trying to destroy the invaders of Titan Prime .
There are several levels , each with a large number of interconnected rooms that you need to go through .
You will also earn money , which allows you to buy new weapons and armor .
Click here to play Robokill
11 . N
One of the most famous games on the web .
On N , you get to play a Ninja who needs to capture golden cubes and escape the level within 90 seconds .
On your way , you will find mines , lasers , and even heat - seeking missiles !
The physics involved and the overall gameplay are superb .
Click here to play N
Aim and Shoot Games
12 . Throw Paper
A very simple game where you need to throw a ball of paper on the bin .
The direction arrow keeps swinging on both directions , and there is always a bit of lateral wind to increase the challenge .
The objective is to hit the bin as many times in a row as possible .
Click here to play Throw Paper
13 . Bowmaster
Bowmaster has some strategy and RPG elements , but you will win the game with the accuracy of your aim .
All you have is your bow , and you need to defend your castle from a horde of assaulting ogres .
Your mouse controls both the direction and the power of the arrows .
Click here to play Bowmaster
14 . Cyrkam Airtos
In this game , you have to catch a paper ball that will be thrown at you by a friend , then shoot it on the bin .
The shooting part is controlled by your mouse movements .
Every time you score , the bin will also be moved backward or forward .
Click here to play Cyrkam Airtos
15 . Bowman
An archery game where there is no target .
Instead , you get to shoot your arrows directly at another opponent !
It can be played both against the computer and against another human player ( each one taking a turn ) .
Click here to play Bowman
16 . Binball Wizard
Another bin-throwing game — but this time , instead of a paper ball , you get to kick a soccer ball .
The scenario is a standard office , and the bin is moved around each time you score .
The physics effects definitely boost game quality .
Click here to play Binball Wizard
17 . Bloons
A very addictive game where you play a dart - throwing monkey .
On each level , you will have a large number of balloons , a specific number of dart throws , and a required number of balloons to pop .
Click here to play Bloons
Arcade and Classic Games
18 . Commander Keen
If you never played Commander Keen , you are with the minority .
This classic has been revived on Flash , and while the quality is not outstanding , it will surely entertain the series fans for a while .
Click here to play Commander Keen
19 . Tetris
Perhaps the most famous game worldwide , we sure could not leave it out of the list .
Tetris is guaranteed to keep anyone busy for a couple of hours .
The Flash version is pretty basic , but it gets the job done .
Click here to play Tetris
20 . Frogger
The game has n’t changed at all since its debut on arcade machines many years ago .
Get the little frog from his home to the top of the screen — all while crossing a highway full of vehicles and a river where you have to step on logs to avoid crocodiles .
Click here to play Frogger
21 . Pong
The very first video game ever is also available on Flash .
This little piece of the game is coming straight from 1972 !
Just move your paddle and do n’t miss the ball .
Click here to play Pong
22 . Insane Orb
You can also play a more hardcore version of Pong called Insane Orb .
The principle is the same , but on the different levels , you will have gravity fields , bouncing blocks , and other items .
Click here to play Insane Orb
23 . Space Invaders
When a game has its own Wikipedia page , you know it must be good , right ?
This is one of the earliest shooting games ever and also the top-rated arcade game by the Guinness World Records book .
Click here to play Space Invaders
24 . Super Smash Flash
Super Smash Bros , anyone ?
If you never played it , it is basically a fighting game where you can match the characters from several Nintendo game titles , including Mario , Zelda , and Pokemon .
Not as good as the original ( the game was released for the Nintendo 64 , after all ) , but still fun to play .
Click here to play Super Smash Flash
25 . Pacman
Another great hit from the arcade games .
Some research confirmed that over 94 % of the North American population recognizes the Pacman character .
No kidding !
Click here to play Pacman
26 . Pacxon
Love Pacman , but tired of beating the same levels ?
Well , give Pacxon a try .
You will need to “ cut out ” 80 % or more of the screen without getting hit by ghosts .
On each level , more ghosts will be floating around .
Some of them even have special powers .
Click here to play Pacxon
27 . Contra 20th Anniversary Edition
Created by Konami , the Contra series first appeared on arcades .
They became extremely popular , though , with the console versions for the NES and the SNES .
The game is basically a shoot - ’em - up with a side - view perspective .
Click here to play Contra 20th Anniversary Edition
28 . Super Mario World Flash
Super Mario
World is the most famous platform game ever published .
It sold 20 million copies for the SNES alone , becoming the all time best seller game title for that console .
While not perfect , the Flash version is not bad at all .
Click here to play Super Mario World Flash
29 . Metal Slug Flash
Another classic “ run and gun ” game title .
You will need to shoot an endless stream of enemies with all sorts of weapons and vehicles .
Needless to say , at the end of each level , you will also need to kill a boss .
Classic !
Click here to play Metal Slug Flash
30 . Raiden X
Vertical shoot - ’em - up where you have an airplane and need to kill the enemies coming in the opposite direction .
As you would expect , you have several weapon upgrades along the way , stationary cannons , big bosses , and lots of fun .
Click here to play Raiden X
Tower Defense Games
31 . Onslaught
A classic tower defense game where you have several types of turrets at your disposal .
The cool twist of this game is that you are able to upgrade your turrets , and depending on the combination , you can make them work together for a combo attack .
The first levels are easy but keep going until it gets tough .
Click here to play Onslaught
32 . Protector
Protector is a mixture of tower defense and a tactical RPG game .
In order to destroy the hordes of rats , ogres , and other enemies , you will need to employ wizards and knights .
You can level the characters up , make them focus on special attacks , and so on .
Despite the simple gameplay , there is a good deal of strategy involved .
Click here to play Protector
33 . Vector Tower Defense
Minimalist tower defense game where you need to eliminate the incoming vectoids .
They come in different colors and shapes , and you can build and upgrade towers that will fire lasers and rays .
The electronic background music sure contributes to the futuristic atmosphere .
Click here to play Vector Tower Defense
34 . Bloons Tower Defense 3
A tower defense game with dart - throwing monkeys ?
You betcha !
Pop all the balloons before they reach the end of the track .
For this purpose , you can use dart - throwing monkeys , boomerangs , cannons , bombs , road spikes , and more !
Click here to play Bloons Tower Defense 3
35 . GemCraft
Another tower defense game with a touch of fantasy and RPG .
As usual , you need to prepare your defense against the incoming enemies ( insects ) , and at your disposal , you have magical gems that cast damaging spells .
Combine the gems to get more powerful spells .
Click here to play GemCraft
36 . Desktop Tower Defense
Arguably the most popular Flash game ever created .
Within a few months of its release , it had already been played more than 15 million times .
You basically need to set up your defense to make sure that no “ creep ” will reach the other side of the playing field .
Different towers have different abilities , and you also have complete freedom on where you place the towers .
Click here to play Desktop Tower Defense
Escape the Room Games
37 . Crimson Room
The game that popularized the genre .
You wake up in an unknown room , the door is locked — and somehow , you have to escape .
All you have is your brain and your mouse to click around .
Click here to play Crimson Room
38 . Viridian Room
If you liked Crimson Room , give this game a shot as well .
It was created by the same Japanese software house , and you will have new mysteries to solve before getting out of this one .
Click here to play Viridian Room
39 . CDX
CDX has the most polished graphics you will probably see in a Flash game for a while .
In fact , they used real actors and video segments inside the game .
The first episode is called “ Amnesia , ” and again , you need to find out what is going on in the room where you wake up .
Click here to play CDX
Graphical Adventures
40 . Samorost 1
A combination of interactive graphic art with an engaging storyline .
On Samorost 1 , you have to help a dude save his planet by avoiding a collision with another .
Click on most things around , and try to figure a logical order to keep the crash from happening .
Click here to play Samorost 1
41 . Samorost 2
On Samorost 2 , you help the little dude again — but this time , he ’s out to recover his puppy that was kidnapped by two aliens .
The sequel for sure exceeds its predecessor in terms of graphics and gameplay .
Click here to play Samorost 2
42 . Warbears
In this game , you command a group of war bears that are called to solve a robbery on a local bank .
You will need to click around in the right order to make things work .
Here , each character has different actions to perform , making the whole thing more fun .
Click here to play Warbears
43 . Quest For The Rest
This game was created to promote a band — hence why the background sound is amazing .
You need to guide three members of the Polyphonic Spree to the rest of the band .
Make sure to go through all levels , because in the end , you will get access to two live tracks .
Click here to play Quest For The Rest
Guitar Hero Games
44 . Tenacious D
Not the easiest of the Guitar Hero clones , but once you get the flow going , it becomes fun .
Hit the ASDF keys at the right time , and use the space bar to strum the guitar .
Click here to play Tenacious D
45 . Flash Hero
Flash Hero displays the upcoming notes vertically , as in the original Guitar Hero game .
You will need to use the numbers 1 to 6 to hold the string , and the backspace to strum the guitar .
Definitely playable on the easy mode .
Click here to play Flash Hero
46 . Coolio Beat 2
Choose among eight different songs , each with a different skill level .
You even get to play Mission Impossible here !
Use the numbers from 1 to 4 to choose the right note , and space to strum the guitar .
Click here to play Coolio Beat
47 . Super Crazy Guitar Maniac 3
Advertisement
The latest release on this series .
On Super Crazy Guitar Maniac 3 , you have a great collection of songs to choose from ( some of which will need to be unlocked first ) .
The gameplay involves both the keyboard arrows and the numbers .
You just need to hit them at the right time though — there is no need to strum the guitar .
Click here to play Super Crazy Guitar Manic 3
Jewels Games
48 . Blocky
On this game , you have colored squares laying around and you have to drag a rectangle where the four corners have the same color .
Once you release the mouse , you will collect all the squares inside your rectangle .
The larger the rectangle , the more points you make , until you ’ve cleared the level .
Click here to play Blocky
49 . Ring Mania
A simple game where you have a rotating circle in the middle ( use the left and right arrows to rotate it ) and colored rings falling from the top .
Match three rings with the same color to make them pop and score points .
Click here to play Ring Mania
50 .
Bejeweled
A very addictive game where you have to swap adjacent gems to align a set of three or more similar gems .
You can also make combos and cascades to score more points .
The game has two versions : a normal and a timed one .
Click here to play Bejeweled
51 . Zuma
On Zuma , you have a train of jewels that move along a track , and on the center of the scenario , you control a frog that spits jewels of different colors .
Your objective is to align three or more jewels of the same color to make them pop , making sure that the train will not reach the end of the track .
Cool graphics and sound effects complement the game .
Click here to play Zuma
Logic Games
52 . Puzz Pinball
Guide a pinball ball from the point where it is dropped all the way to the exit hole .
On each level , you will have several pinball elements at your disposal that can make the ball bounce , change its direction , and so on .
There is also a good amount of flexibility , given the fact that you can rotate each of the elements .
Click here to play Puzz Pinball
53 . CuberXtreme
A well - polished game where you have to push cubes around to match colors and make them vanish .
There are many different types of cubes as well , from joker ones that can be combined with any color to pet cubes that give you one free push .
The first levels work as a basic tutorial , and the fun starts after that .
Click here to play CuberExtreme
54 . Tangram
These days you can find any game on Flash !
Tangram is the classic Chinese game where you have to combine seven differently shaped pieces to make them match a figure that ’s presented to you .
Click here to play Tangram
55 . Cursor*10
Strange at first , but brilliant once you see what is going on .
On this game , you click on stairs , boxes and other objects to make your way up to the 16th floor of a building .
You have to do that within 10 different runs , each controlling a different mouse cursor !
Click here to play Cursor *10
56 . 3D Logic Cube
Simple yet challenging game .
You just need to connect the colored squares on a 3D cube , without overlapping the connections .
Easy ?
Try to reach level 30 , then !
Click here to play 3D Logic Cube
57 . Blueprint
Like on Puzz Pinball , on this game , you ’ll drag and drop objects around to make the dropping ball hit the target .
The game has 28 levels of fun , plus seven recently added bonus levels .
One difference is that on Blueprint , you have a limited number of tries .
Click here to play Blueprint
58 . Planarity
Quite a brain teaser .
On Planarity , you have blue dots ( called vertices ) connected by lines ( called edges ) .
You basically have to reorganize the vertices by dragging them around so that no two lines intersect .
Click here to play Planirity
59 . The Idiot Test
Test your IQ with this fun quiz .
Just do what you are told , and see how far you can get !
They are a couple of flaws ( i.e. all squares are also rectangles ) , but overall , it is very challenging
Click here to play the Idiot Test
Multiplayer Games
60 . Globulos
On Globulos , you control a team of little creatures that can be flung around .
There are many different maps and types of games .
On some , you will just need to force your opponents ’ creatures out of the arena .
On others , you have to score goals .
Guest players can only play for 15 minutes , but you can always quit and re-login if you do n’t want to register .
Click here to play Globulos
61 . Artillery
If you played Gunbound in the past , this game will look familiar .
On Artillery , you have two players against two players , each controlling a tank .
The shooting takes place in rounds , and each player controls and powers his missile .
Do n’t forget to take wind into consideration .
Click here to play Artillery
62 . Stick Arena
An over - the - top kill - ’em - all game .
Your objective is to wipe all the other players out , using punches , katanas and even AK - 47s .
You can play the game as a guest , although registered users have the possibility to advance in rank .
Click here to play Stick Arena
63 . Platform Racing
A racing game where each player can customize his character ( by distributing points on the different attributes ) .
The action takes place on a side - scrolling platform ( Mario World - style ) , and you will need to beat the opponents by arriving first at the end while avoiding obstacles and using items .
Click here to play Platform Racing
64 . Platform Racing 2
Platform Racing 2 is pretty similar to the first edition , but with more online players at any given time , more customization options and the possibility to create your own tracks .
Definitely one of the best multiplayer Flash games on the web , so give it a try .
Click here to play Platform Racing 2
Physics Games
65 . Gravity
On this game , you have to release an atom among some larger particles while making sure there are no collisions within the time span specified by the time bar .
You might even learn a thing or two about gravitational forces !
Click here to play Gravity
66 . Boomshine
Can you trigger a chain reaction that will explode many dots ?
This is your goal this game .
You have dots floating around randomly , and with your mouse , you ’ll trigger an initial explosion .
The dots that hit the area of your explosion will explode .
On each level , you need to take out a minimum number of dots .
Click here to play Boomshine
67 . Trebuchet
Tweak your trebuchet to accomplish the mission on each level .
You will need to choose the right mass for the projectile , the right mass for the counterweight , the height for the counterweight , and the angle for the launch .
If that ’s not enough , you can even play with gravity and wind speed !
Click here to play Trebuchet
68 . Filler
Your goal is simple :
Fill two - thirds of the screen by inflating the filler balls ( just hold the left button of your mouse pressed for that ) .
The challenge is to do it without being hit by the many bouncing balls .
Click here to play Filler
69 . N3wton
For every action , there is an opposite and equal reaction .
That is Newton ’s third law , and that is the base of this little game .
You control a little tank that shoots balls , and you need to throw your opponents out of the platform .
The longer you hold your mouse pressed , the higher the power of your shots .
Click here to play N3wton
70 . Top Figures
Very interesting idea for a game , and outstanding physics effects .
On this game , you are presented with a structure that holds a kid on top of it .
Your goal is to remove as many bars as possible without making the structure collapse and without letting the kid hit the water .
Click here to play Top Figures
71 . GravityPods
On GravityPods , you control a stationary cannon , and you need to shoot a small projectile to hit the purple target on the other side of the screen .
On the different levels , you will find gravity pods that will bend the trajectory of your shots , making it harder to hit the target .
Click here to play GravityPods
72 . Red
Control a turret and defend the Red Planet .
There will be orbs of all sites coming at your direction , and by firing small balls on their way , you will be able to divert their course .
It becomes quite difficult as you progress on the game .
Click here to play Red
73 . Ragdoll Cannon
A mixture of projectile and physics game , on Ragdoll Cannon you need to fire dolls ( no kidding ) away , with the objective of hitting the “ Here ” pad on each level .
There are many obstacles along the way , and you need to use your brain more than once to finish the game .
Click here to play Ragdoll Cannon
74 . Line Rider
Extremely popular
Flash game where you have to draw a surface for a little guy slide on using his sled .
The game has the option to save and load what you created , which enables people to come up with all sorts of crazy and incredible tracks .
Very addictive .
Click here to play Line Rider
75 . Fantastic Contraption
Fantastic was a good word choice for the title of this game .
You just have to move all the red objects to the red rectangle , but how you are going to do that is the beauty of the game .
You are given three different wheels ( two that spin automatically in each direction , one that does n’t ) and two types of connections ( a wood rod and a water one ) .
Using only those five components , you ’ll build structures to surpass all kinds of obstacles .
Click here to play Fantastic Contraption
Puzzle Games
76 . Draw Play
Funny concept for a game .
You will basically use your mouse to draw a platform , and with the arrow keys , you can move a little mummy around .
The objective is to reach the flag on each level while avoiding obstacles along the way .
Click here to play Draw Play
77 . Ball Bounce
Fire a little ball from the left side of the screen , and make it reach the opposite side .
The ball can bounce on the dark rectangles , but if you hit a light one , it starts over .
Click here to play Ball Bounce
78 . Hoshi Saga 3
Advertisement
On each level , you need to find the star .
The creative twist of the game is that each level is completely unique and will force you to think and experiment around .
There are 20 free levels and 16 extra ones that must be unlocked first .
If you like this game , try Hoshi Saga 1 and 2 as well .
Click here to play Hoshi Saga 3
79 . Elements
An utterly dizzying game where you need to move a ball around , destroying bricks until you reach the green brick that will take you to the next level .
There are 25 levels to go .
Hopefully , your eyes will last that many !
Click here to play Elements
80 . Stackopolis
Click on the blocks to move them , and replicate the structure that you are presented with .
Sounds easy ?
Well , you also have to do it within a specific time frame .
Click here to play Stackopolis
81 . Virus 2
On Virus 2 , you have a playing field full of colored blocks , and you start by controlling the color of one of them .
Every time you change the color of the blocks , the adjacent ones that share the new color will be infected .
On each level , you have a limited number of color changes to infect all the blocks .
Click here to play Virus 2
82 . Domino Pressure
Find the domino that will cause the entire set to topple and squash the tomato , and do that within the available time .
You start the game with 20 seconds , and you will lose or gain time depending on your performance .
Worth a try .
Click here to play Domino Pressure
83 . Grow Cube
A simple and intriguing game where you start with a big cube and 10 items to be distributed around it .
The order of the items will determine the final development of your cube .
Hint : Start with the man .
Click here to play Grow Cube
84 . Portal
A Flash - based , 2D version of Valve ’s Portal .
You need to reach the exit door on each of the 40 levels , and at your disposal , you have only your brain and the “ Apertyre Science Handheld Portable Device ” ( a gun that shoots portals , which you can use to tele - transport yourself ) .
Click here to play Portal
Racing Games
85 . Mini Karting
Click here to play Mini Karting
Almost 50 tracks to choose from .
You will be racing alone , but you can see the ghost cars both from the best run ever and from your own fastest run .
Every month three tracks are also chosen as “ Tournament Tracks , ” and a Top 10 list with the fastest players is displayed on the homepage of the site .
86 . Pursuit Across Europe ( PACE )
BMW created this game as a promotional effort .
You will start in Portugal and drive across Europe , competing with a bunch of other cars .
The tracks are not that challenging , but the graphics and sound effects are cool , and it is nice to see how far they are taking the Flash technology .
Click here to play Pursuit Across Europe ( PACE )
87 . Drifting Championship
Who never wanted to race in a drifting competition ?
There is only one track , but the game is pretty fun .
You can upgrade the parts of your car , and create a “ league ” where many players can compete with each other ( ideal for Fridays in the office ) .
Click here to play Drifting Championship
Reflex Games
88 . Sink Your Drink
You will be served drinks on three different rows , and once they reach the end of the table , you have to press Z , X or C to knock ’em back .
As you advance on levels , the drinks will be served faster — and the woman serving them gets prettier , too .
Click here to play Sink Your Drink
89 . Short Circuit
Listen to the funky music as you try to avoid the rain of asterisks .
Protect your light bulb by clicking the mouse and you may just survive through the differently colored rounds .
Click here to play Short Circuit
90 . Base Jumping
Beat your opponents by being the first to hit the ground .
You will start aligned in the air with the others , and on the “ Go ” mark , you ’ll have to hit the spacebar as fast as possible .
Then , when approaching the ground , hit the spacebar again to open your parachute .
Win the three rounds and advance to the next league .
Click here to play Base Jumping
91 . Tontie
There are nine holes , one for each number on your keyboard number pad .
Whenever they pop , smash them with your hammer !
There are treasures to be collected , special hammers and weapons , and special monsters that will require more than a hit to get smashed .
Click here to play Tontie
92 . Squares 2
You control a black square with the objective of collecting all the other black squares and avoiding the red ones .
Collect the black balls to activate bonuses .
The background music is funky as well .
Click here to play Squares 2
93 . Curve Ball
Think Pong , only in three dimensions .
You control a paddle on the end of a tunnel , and the computer controls the other paddle on the other end .
Keep hitting the ball until the computer misses it .
Click here to play Curve Ball
94 . Bullet Time Reaction
Are you fast enough to dodge a bullet ?
In this game , you can test that , with the shooter being placed at different distances .
Now , that screenshot alone should tell you how fast we were …
Click here to play Bullet Time Reaction
95 . Cursor
Thief
Do n’t let the mean little thief steal your cursor !
You just need to move around fast .
But be warned , the little guy has more than one trick up his sleeves .
Click here to play Cursor Thief
96 . Particles
Can you keep the blue ball safe ?
Just move it around with your mouse , and do n’t let any red ball hit it .
You will start with three red balls .
Another will be added to the game as you hit each new level .
Click here to play Particles
97 . Dodge Game
Very similar to Particles — only here , you will need to catch a blue square with the blue ball that you control .
Every time you catch it , another red ball will appear .
Click here to play Dodge Game
98 . Ragdoll Avalanche 2
Awesome game .
You control a doll character .
Using the arrow keys , you ’ll move around and dodge the falling spikes .
Ever see “ Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ” ?
That is what it feels like .
Click here to play Ragdoll Avalanche 2
RPG Games
99 . Zelda Flash Game
It would be a tough task finding an RPG lover that never played Zelda , huh ?
Now , you can also lead Link through various adventures directly in your browser .
Keep in mind this is not the original game — it ’s just based on it .
Click here to play Zelda Flash Game
100 . Monster Den
A party - based dungeon crawl tactical RPG .
Create a party of up to four heroes from five distinct character classes .
Then battle to the depths of the dungeon , increasing in strength and finding a powerful treasure .
Click here to play Monster Den
101 . Monster Den : Book of Dread
The expanded edition of Monster Den .
On Book of Dread , you have more classes to choose from , new items and monsters , and two new quests .
If you liked the first one , head right over to it .
Click here to play Monster Den : Book of Dread
102 . Sonny
Beautiful graphics and a deep storyline are what you will find here .
You play as a man that lost his memory , and you advance on the game while talking to people and defeating enemies on turn - based battles .
Click here to play Sonny
Shoot It Far Games
103 . Monkey Kick Off
Click on your mouse to make the monkey kick the ball .
The timing is essential to make it go far away .
( Tip : Wait until the ball is high up in the air . )
Try to reach the Monkey Village at 4,000 monkey meters !
Click here to play Monkey Kick Off
104 . Kitten Cannonzz
Use the up and down arrows to move the cannon , and space to fire .
As you probably guessed , you will be firing kittens !
Not only that , you should also aim to make them hit explosives along the way .
This will boost your final score .
Click here to play Kitten Cannon
105 . Nanaca Crash
Click and hold your mouse until you have the desired angle and power , then release it .
Nanaca will come rushing to crash into Taichi .
During the game , pay attention to the word “ AERIAL . ”
Whenever it gets highlighted in red or blue , you can click to call Nanaca again .
You can use this ability three times .
Click here to play Nanaca Crash
Shoot - ’em - Up Games
106 . Snakes On A Plane
Kill all the 100 snakes on the plane , motherfucker !
The difficulty is not that high , but the idea is cool .
Make sure to check the end of the game as well !
Click here to play Snakes On A Plane
107 . Deanimator
Based on a horror story , you get to play as Dr. Herbert West .
You start with a revolver , six bullet chambers , and a bunch of zombies to take down .
Reload timing is important here .
Once you get a shotgun , use the shift key to switch between the two weapons .
Click here to play Deanimator
108 . Puki : The Swarm
Pukis are little cute creatures .
Unfortunately , they are also pretty mean , so you need to wipe them out .
Use the WASD keys to move around , space to activate your shields , and the mouse to point and shoot the laser gun .
Careful with the overheating effect though .
Click here to play Puki > The Swarm
Advertisement
109 . Kill The Dog From Duck Hunt
Remember the Duck Hunt game , released for NES in 1985 ?
Have you ever wanted to shoot the dog instead of the ducks ?
Well , now you can !
Click here to play Kill The Dog From Duck Hunt
110 . D - fence
A game that is half tower defense , half shoot - ’em - up .
There are timed rounds where enemy troops will try to invade your castle .
You need to shoot ’em up .
You also gain cash along the way , and you will be able to buy barricades , auto - defense , tower guards , and so on .
Click here to play D - Fence
1111 . Sift Heads Sniper Game
Play as a Mafia assassin .
On each level , you will have one objective and one weapon .
Aim for the head .
Always !
Click here to play Sift Heads Sniper Game
112 . Tactical Assassin
Similar to the previous game , except here , you have a limited sight — and always the same gun .
On each mission , you will be presented a briefing .
Read it carefully to know who you must kill beforehand .
Click here to play Tactical Assassin
113 . The Last Stand
Kill the zombies !
There is some strategy involved , as you need to allocate your day time between finding survivors , weapons , and repairing the barriers that protect you .
Do n’t forget to get the M - 40 .
It rocks .
Click here to play The Last Stand
114 . The Last Stand 2
Those of you that finished the first version of the game too fast can carry on the fun with this one .
This time , you need to make your way to Union City in 40 days , while blasting all the zombies as usual .
Click here to play The Last Stand 2
115 . Zero
Lock the target on your flying enemies and hit space to fire .
There are different routes and bosses , and you can also score combos to gain more points .
Click here to play Zero
116 . Boxhead 2 Play Rooms
Massacre all the box - headed zombies .
On your arsenal , you ’ll find guns , UZIs , shotguns , explosive barrels and even hand grenades !
Click here to play Boxhead 2 Play Rooms
117 . Bubble Tanks 2
Freaking addictive game .
Once you start upgrading your bubble tanks , it is the end — you will want to go all the way !
Use the WASD keys to move your bubble tank around , and the mouse to aim and shoot .
Click here to play Bubble Tanks 2
Skill Games
118 . Mouse Maze
Take the mouse cursor to the white square without touching the borders of the maze and without getting hit by the different obstacles along the way .
Click here to play Mouse Maze
119 . Tangerine Panic
Picture this :
You are trapped in a large room , and there is no way out .
There is also a hole in one of the walls , and giant tangerines are popping out of it like there is no tomorrow !
Avoid them if you can .
Click here to play Tangerine Panic
120 . Ping Pong
You wo n’t play ping pong here , but rather try to bounce the ball as many times as possible .
You can send it forward or backward depending on where it hits the paddle .
Click here to play Ping Pong
121 . The Missile Game 3D
In this game , you get to pilot a missile through a large tunnel , and you must avoid crashing with the obstacles .
Use your mouse to pass through the holes on the structures .
There are nine levels , and you have five lives .
Can you make it to the end ?
Click here to play The Missile Game 3D
122 . The Irritating Game
Quite a challenging game ( to the point where it irritates , though I am not sure if this is the correct translation for the name ) .
You need to control two things at the same time : a bouncing ball and a rolling one .
It should be good to exercise your brain connections .
Click here to play The Irritating Game
123 . Escaladeby Flash Game
Use the arrow keys to move and space to jump .
You control a little blockhead thing , and you have five minutes to scale up to the top .
Tricky game — just when you think you are doing well , you will fall all the way back to the beginning .
Click here to play Escaladeby Flash Game
124 . Every Second
Can you hold the button of your mouse for exactly 0.2 seconds ?
What about 0.4 seconds ?
Test your timing skills with this game .
You have a 0.1 error tolerance on each level .
Click here to play Every Second
125 . Run Run
Avoid the obstacles along the way .
Hit the up arrow to perform a small jump , and space to perform a big jump .
Time them carefully .
Click here to play Run Run
126 . Orisinal Dog Game
Like in Run Run , you ’ll have to avoid the obstacles on a side - scrolling environment in Orisinal Dog .
On this game , however , you control four dogs at the same time .
Move them forward or backward to synchronize the jumps .
Click here to play Orisinal Dog Game
127 . Too Many Ninjas
Use the arrow keys to move your sword around , and block the ninjas and their throwing stars .
Can you survive the assault ?
Click here to play Too Many Ninjas
128 . Sneek
Keep your mouse inside the moving box for as long as possible .
Careful with the distractions that will appear .
Click here to play Sneek
129 . Winter Bells
Assume the control of a cute little rabbit and jump from bell to bell .
Make sure to hit the birds as well , as they will double your score .
The background music is quite pleasant as well .
Click here to play Winter Bells
130 . Nex Game
Click the mouse at the right time to break the ice wall .
One second too early or too late , and you ’ll end up smashing your nose against it .
Tip :
When you reach the last wall , break it with a headbutt .
Click here to play Nex Game
131 . Flash Tron
Did you ever play Snake on a Nokia phone ?
This is similar but more elaborate .
You control a cycle that builds a wall after itself .
You need to out maneuver your opponent so that she will hit a wall before you do .
The cycles have turbos and everything .
Click here to play Flash Tron
132 . The Game of Disorientation
Use the arrow keys to move your character around .
Your objective is to walk until you hit the colored square on each level .
Sound easy ?
Heck , wait until your world starts rotating around .
Click here to play The Game of Disorientation
133 . The Helicopter Game
This little game is sure to make you waste a lot of time .
Simply hold your mouse button to make the helicopter fly upward , and release it to make the helicopter go down .
Reaching the first 1,000 meters is the hardest part !
Click here to play The Helicopter Game
Sports Games
134 . Bumper Ball
What happens if you mix bumper cars with soccer ?
Bumper Ball !
Control your car with the arrow keys , and hit the ball ( or your opponent … ) to score as many goals as possible within one minute .
If no goal is scored , a “ Golden Goal ” time will follow .
Click here to play Bumper Ball
135 . Snowball Fight
Choose your character ’s face , and wipe out everyone else in the room .
Use the arrow keys to move left and right , and the mouse to throw the snowballs .
They even created a jingle song for the game !
Click here to play Snowball Fight
136 . Necrathlon
Grave hurdles .
Tomb lift .
Six - foot dig .
Skull put .
The Necrathlon !
Hilarious game concept .
You need to compete on those four different modalities to obtain a final score .
Careful to not destroy your keyboard …
Click here to play Necrathlon
137 . Penguin Dive
Press space to start the motion , space again to jump ( try to do this before the flag ) , and then use the arrow keys to add rotation to your jump and to calculate the entrance .
There are three criteria for the points : height , rotation and dive entry .
Click here to play Penguin Dive
138 . Dolphin Olympics 2
Score as many points as possible in two minutes by swimming and flipping your dolphin .
Successful jumps build speed , allowing for bigger and better tricks .
Use all the arrow keys to rotate and spin the dolphin .
Click here to play Dolphin Olympics 2
139 . Max Dirt Bike
A terrific game where you need to pass several obstacles with your motorcycle ( ever see trial competitions on television ? ) .
Use the up and down arrows to accelerate and brake , and the left and right arrows to balance the motorcycle .
Click here to play Max Dirt Bike
140 . Tennis Game
The classic tennis game ( remember the one for NES ? ) .
Use the arrow keys to move and space to hit the ball .
The arrows control the direction of the hit as well .
You can play either an exhibition match or the world championship .
Click here to play Tennis Game
141 . Yeti Sports
There are 14 mini - games inside this portal .
It requires registration , but it is worth it .
Albatroz Overload ?
Penguin Baseball ?
They have it all !
Click here to play Yeti Sports
Strategy Games
142 . Invasion Tactical Defense
Aliens are invading Earth , and you have to defend an important nuclear factory .
Do this by buying cannons and tell them what to do .
You also have to make strategic decisions about what cannons you buy and what upgrades you make .
Click here to play Invasion Tactical Defense
143 . Lemonade Stand
You have 30 days to run your lemonade stand .
How much money can you make ?
Every day , you need to decide how much to spend on advertising , how much to charge for each glass , and how many glasses to produce .
Tip : Check the weather on the window .
Click here to play Lemonade Stand
144 . Star Dominion
Probably the best real - time Flash strategy game out there .
Mine resources and build towns , defense systems , research new technologies , and train units in order to attack the enemy bases and capture resources controlled by the enemy .
Click here to play Star Dominion
145 . Sea of Fire
Construct buildings on the empty tiles , and make them produce units .
The units will automatically attack the enemy base and soldiers .
The objective is to destroy all the enemy structures .
Money is earned as time elapses , but you can increase the interest rates with special financial buildings .
Engaging game .
Click here to play Sea of Fire
146 . Dice Wars
A turn - based strategy game where you have to conquer the territories of your opponents by attacking them with your dice .
( The sum of the numbers of the attacking dice must be bigger than that of the defending dice . )
At the end of each turn , you will receive as many dice as the number of adjacent territories that you control .
Click here to play Dice Wars
Weird Games
147 . The Last Guy
Japanese coders are really creative .
This game allows you to turn any Web site into an online game !
You control a little bug , and your objective is to rescue the other bugs around the field .
Click here to play The Last Guy
148 . Flow
Created for a thesis project , this game is really revolutionary .
You simply swim around with your multi-cellular organism .
Eat other organisms to grow and evolve .
Creatures with a red dot will take you to a deeper level ( 20 total ) .
Pay attention to the integration between the intro , the gameplay , and the credits .
Simply beautiful .
Click here to play Flow
149 . Jelly Jumper
Use the arrow keys to guide the chubby little guy around .
There are 50 levels to go , and you will need to step on the right keys .
The game was sponsored by Logitech .
Click here to play Jelly Jumper
150 . Kill The Popups
If you have been using the Internet for a while , you probably already have good training for this game .
Kill the popups before they take control of the screen .
Crazy adaptation of The Ride of The Valkyries song as well — check it out .
Click here to play Kill The Popups
Suggested By The Readers
ZWoK !
Funky background music and gameplay that makes you remember Worms .
On this multiplayer game , players will need to fire projectiles against each other , and the action is divided into turns .
On each round , you will have two teams with three players each .
Pretty cool .
Click here to play ZWoK !
Ownage Burst
Use your mouse to point and shoot , and the WASD keys to move , duck , and jump .
Kill all the enemies on the other side of the street .
The game has some slick graphics , check it out .
Click here to play Ownage Burst
Coign Of Vantage
Put your spatial perception into perspective with this 3d puzzle game .
Assemble as many images from an abstract cloud as you can before time runs out .
Click here to play Coign of Vantage
Puzzle Farter
Can you fart with precision ?
Well , you can test that with this game !
Use the arrow keys to control a little guy that can fly around using his farts !
There are 50 levels to go , and on each , you need to reach the exit door while avoiding the obstacles .
The sounds are hilarious .
Click here to play Puzzle Farter
Israel is in the sights of the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog .
For months Iran has been targeted by Western nations who have threatened sanctions and isolation over its apparent push to build a nuclear bomb .
But Israel is the only country in the Middle East which is believed to already have atomic weapons .
Israel has never signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and now the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) wants Israel 's position discussed at a meeting in June .
Israel will never say whether or not it has the nuclear bomb but Western governments have long assumed the Jewish state has a nuclear arsenal at its Dimona plant in the Negev desert , and may have done for 40 years .
Nuclear expert Avner Cohen says Israel is in all likelihood the Middle East 's sole , if undeclared , nuclear power .
" The current estimate , in part based on US intelligence , is that Israel probably has a modest arsenal of 80 to 100 weapons , but it 's all speculation , " he said .
Professor Cohen believes Israel has a unique right to have the nuclear bomb .
" There is a sense that Israel with its own historical legacy , the memory of the Holocaust , deserves to have [ a ] national insurance policy in the form of nuclear capability , just to ensure that another Holocaust would not happen , " he said .
But as speculation mounts about Iran 's nuclear program , Arab nations have renewed a push for a Middle East free of nuclear weapons .
They say they want Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , something Iran has done but Israel has not because to do so would force it to open its nuclear plant for inspection .
Jamil Rabbah , a Palestinian delegate to arms control and regional security talks , voices the views of many Arabs in the region .
" The fact that Israel continues to maintain a nuclear capability in itself is not conducive to reaching some kind of a peace agreement , " he said .
Israeli defence minister Ehud Barak says his country 's position is correct .
" There 's no reason to change it and on this issue we are operating in coordination , I say with the necessary precautions , with close coordination with the United States , " he said .
Israel says it would support a nuclear - weapons - free Middle East but only after there is a peace agreement for the entire region .
But some , such as Professor Cohen , believe at the very least Israel can and should end its policy of secrecy .
" I think that Israel would have to find a way to acknowledge it , " he said .
" I think that if you want to deal with Iran you need to have this norm of acknowledgement and of transparency . "
But with no chance of a change in Israel 's nuclear policy , there is now pressure for the UN watchdog to drop Israel from its agenda before next month 's meeting .
Last week , we put out a call for the best ( worst ) bad sex stories .
And boy , did readers come through .
In fact , the hundreds and hundreds of submissions we received make us want to retire our genitals forever .
Advertisement
What makes a bad sex story the worst sex story , particularly when you 've received 900 submissions of them in a matter of hours ?
There is so much disappointing virginity loss , so many intrusive animals or parents , untold semi-public sex encounters foiled by police .
There are many UTIs , though maybe only one involved orange squirting .
Surprise anal probably could be its own anthology , as could " ejaculate in unexpected places . " ( Eyes. Ears .
Emitted from one 's nose mid-giggle . )
So much of it is lubricated or utterly spoiled by alcohol .
Advertisement
But the below 10 stories managed to make even those sexual misadventures pale .
When we vote later today , it will be a brutal choice among herculean feats of awful sex .
But not as brutal as actually experiencing it .
1. The Unexpected Exclamation .
While the man who wanted to be called Clifford the Big Red Dog — doggie style , get it ? — during sex was a strong contender , as were the ladies staging their own sexual non sequitur contest , it was hard to beat this particular episode of dirty talk , experienced by commenter enidcoleslaw :
I met some guy at a party , and ended up going to his house ...
Mid -thrust , he started laughing manically and yelled " I am fucking an alien princess !
I am fucking an alien princess ! "
I , far too sober , immediately stopped , and then had to listen to him say , with wide eyes : " your vagina looks like the fridge scene in Ghostbusters . "
I fell asleep and woke up in the morning to him eating a whole key lime pie in bed .
Not even looking over at me , he said : " you ca n't have any . "
I walked home .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
2. Bent Out Of Shape .
There were many physical contortions and injuries that hurt to read about , but even for a lady , this one was most painful , from commenter Jeremy :
While riding me cowgirl , an ex bounced up too high , I partially slid out , she came back down and my penis kinked in the middle , to the left .
I felt the snap echo through my entire body .
Horrible screams .
A shame , it was pretty fun up until that point .
It stayed like that for nearly a year when one day it miraculously straightened itself .
Advertisement
3. The Full Release .
It would be easy to stack the finalists entirely with sheer gross - outs , but not everything can be about poop .
( Or vomit .
Or pee . )
But it can sometimes !
Via email :
I was fifteen .
My first boyfriend had talked me into giving him a blowjob , his and my first one .
After some hesitation , I began and everything seemed to be going as he described it would be .
Half way through , I noticed my chest felt really warm and wet .
I looked down and to my horror , there was an indescribable amount of diarrhea covering my white shirt .
To this day , I 'm not sure what happened .
Of course the real fun part was when I had to left my t- shirt over my head to get it off .
Advertisement
4. The Brass Ring .
Never again will we doubt whether Farrelly brothers - style slapstick ever happens in real life .
Commenter interrobanggirl gets bonus points for urination add - on .
It was the first time I had sex with this guy , and he was hitting it from behind on his big brass bed .
At one point , I was getting tired , so I went to turn my head to make eye contact ( I had read that that made guys crazy ) and I realized that my head was stuck between the brass posts .
I was like a kid in a banister , and kept imagining firemen having to save me .
My date sure could n't save me - he , in fact , laughed so hard that he peed on the floor .
Advertisement
5 . The Sweaty Political Fetishist
This contender , salvagedgrace , made it to the finals purely based on a buffet of transcendent terribleness , all in a single , epic romp .
the first ( and last ) time i ever had sex with this boy , he managed to go wrong on just about every level : 1 . five minutes in , he was sweating so much that he had to stop to ask me for a towel - my room was not hot , and it was definitely not a strenuous five minutes .
sadly , he was on top , so i can empathize with victims of waterboarding .
2. the dirty talk came in full sentences - each one had a subject and predicate .
such as ...
3. " you are my sexy little socialist . " ( he is a republican and i am not ) definitely not the venue for political discourse of any kind , let alone when said during one of the many time that he ....
4. stopped f*cking so he could stare into my eyes .
no joke , at least a dozen times he pulled back to give me this puppy dog face because somehow during this farce he 'd decided we were soul mates .
5 . he kept going soft , which would n't have been so god awful if he did n't stop to blame the condom each time .
and in the manner of a stand - up comic .
" what , are these condoms made out of lead or something ? ! "
5b. extra obnoxious when it 's followed , almost immediately , by " i love how good it feels inside you . "
6 . he not only tried to jackhammer during our inaugural romp , but he actually tried to force the mattress to spring him .
all this did was result in a really uncomfortable series of thrusts where his rhythm did n't match the mattress and his cock just stabbed me a few times .
7. he kissed fine outside of bed , but once in bed the kissing was relegated to tiny pecks in rapid succession , and with his eyes open .
8. i have large breasts , which he often claimed to be a fan of .
given that he 's a big , rough and tumble kind of guy i expected some decent groping out of this combo .
no such luck .
instead of quality love and attention , my breasts were delicately patted with an open hand even after the third time i told him that he would n't break me .
9. during sex he actually apologized for being ' inappropriate . ' i'm not a subtle girl - you 'll know when i want an apology from you , and it 's a really slim chance that it 'll ever be while you 're inside me .
10 . when i had exhausted every other trick in my book and this still was n't over - i asked him to bend me over so he'd feel more comfortable objectifying me and i would n't have to see his face .
i positioned the requisite hand to guide him into place , and after a couple minutes realized that he still had n't made contact , despite all his talking .
it was n't until i moved my hand away and he made a joke about ' falling out ' that i realized he'd did n't know that he'd been fucking my hand instead of me .
Advertisement
6. The French Connection .
Parental walk - ins were a popular part of the sexual horror story pantheon , as were trips abroad , but only one , Violeta 's , included an unexpected parent , transnationalism and a champagne bottle up the ass .
A few years ago , my French bf - at - the - time took me to Paris to meet his family ....
His mother , a haughty Parisienne who believes that her only son is GOD , and that no girl could possibly be classy enough to deserve him .
Their regard is mutual - he worships her as much as she worships him .
One evening after a champagne - soaked dinner , she left to go to the theater .
Expecting that she'd be gone for several hours , we started having regular sex , and then anal sex , on a couch adjacent to the table at which we'd had dinner .
Things kept getting hotter , and my b.f. started f*cking my ass with the slim end of a champagne bottle .
This felt good at first ... but then I realized that something felt off .
I slowed him down in an attempt to understand what on Earth my body was doing , and I realized that my bowels were moving .
And I kind of realized that it was too late to stop what was happening .
At this already Godforsaken moment , we hear a key in the door and his mother pops into the room .
The bitch had forgotten her shawl or something .
So there I am , naked , on her couch , while her son , also naked , is holding a champagne bottle that is obviously deeply embedded in my ass .
We shriek , and he yanks out the bottle .
And immediately out comes a LARGE , dark brown , smelly piece of poop .
It just rolls out - this felt like it was happening in slow motion , and I kept trying to stop it but I could n't - and lands on her couch .
The French boy and I broke up shortly thereafter .
I dumped him - pun intended .
Advertisement
7. The Thwacking One - Hit Wonder .
While we are in theory sympathetic to performance anxieties , Luciolebizarre 's tragicomic encounter with an oblivious underperformer makes us pity her more than him .
The fact that he was a grown man who still called himself Timmy should have tipped me off that this was n't going to be the most satisfying experience .
So Timmy was a fairly sweet , if dim guy and before we had sex he told me he'd had sex with a few girls , but only one time each and he did n't know why .
I was all , " That 's so weird !
You 're totally cute , let 's have sex twice today . "
Half an hour into fooling around , I figured it out .
Not only did he not get hard at all , it seems that no one had ever told him that you need to in fact be erect before trying to penetrate a woman .
He kept holding his tiny , limp dick and trying to kind of ... just ... flop it inside of me , I guess .
I tried my very best to , um , rectify the situation and get things really going , but he kept saying , " What 's wrong ?
Why wo n't you just put it inside you ? "
So I just sort of ... shoved his flaccid penis inside of me and he started to moan like it was feeling really good for him .
Then it promptly just fell out .
I remember how sad and floppy it looked lying against his leg and then how pitiful the whole effort was as he started to rock against me , gently thwacking his droopy , listless penis between my legs as though I must be the luckiest girl in the world .
Needless to say , we did not have sex more than the one time .
I wonder if he has since broken that streak .
Advertisement
8. The Unwanted Stump .
Even the most kink - oriented coupler ( or tripler ) has boundaries .
And for JustSmileAndNod , that was one man 's sweaty stump .
I had finally agreed to a threesome with the man I had been involved in a Dominant / submissive friends - with - benefits situation for the last four months .
Since this was largely my fantasy that he had wanted to fulfill , it was going to be a male - male - female threesome .
I was nervous , to say the least .
He had agreed to write up an ad for Craigslist , let me review it before posting , and screen all the responses ... We finally settled on one - not my first choice , or even my second , but he actually followed through .
.... I knew that if I could see what was going on , I would n't go through with it , so we agreed that I would be blindfolded and he would take care of me , gauging the situation and making sure the Guest did n't overstep my limits .
I was kneeling , blindfolded , in the middle of the living room , when the doorbell rang ...
It did n't take long before Guest was naked and in my mouth .
Nor did it take long after we rolled around a little bit and had changed positions that I started feeling little " feather brushes " against my arms .
For the life of me , I could not figure out what the feeling was - they were without pattern but distinct and localized sensations against my skin .
It was n't until I started feeling them on my face as I was essentially tea - bagging him that I realized that HE WAS SWEATING ON ME .
The Guest , this man I had just " met " in the loosest of terms , was n't simply sweaty , he was sweating large , gross , hairy man sweat droplets all over my face and torso .
That should have been my clue to stop , but I 'm a trooper and a bit loathe to cause a scene .
Besides , my Man was there , I knew I was safe , and he and I were having fun .
Fast forward to the end of the afternoon .
I'm on the floor on my back after my Man and I finished fucking , kind of spent from all the activities , but still blindfolded .
I can feel the Guest 's hands on me , and he asks if he can get me off again .
Not one to say no to an orgasm , he starts attending to me digitally .
But then the sensation changes - it feels as if he 's trying to fist me , but with his palm or something .
The feeling is off ... and then it hits me : The Guest is an amputee and is TRYING TO FIST ME WITH HIS STUMP !
I do n't go for fisting to begin with , but trying to fit his stump in my vagina was just never going to happen , so I stop the scene , he leaves , and I go to the bathroom to clean up .
When I come out , I turn to my Man and ask , " What he missing a hand ? "
" Yes he was .
I did n't think it would be polite to turn him away just because of it though . "
" That 's true , but Stumpy tried to fist me with his stump !
Without asking !
Had he tried to fist me , that would have been bad enough , but stumping without permission is just poor form . "
Advertisement
9 . The Bloodstream Blood is almost never a welcome visitor to a sex scene , be it menstrual blood after a foiled loss - of - virginity attempt , or surprise nosebleeds during cunnilingus — twice .
And torn genitals were surprisingly common .
Still , Petit_Pois surely suffered the worst blood - related indignity .
I was " manually prepping " him and thought it was weird that there was so much precum .
Eventually , I flicked on the light to grab a condom and he said " Oh my god , you 're bleeding ! " I started freaking out .
How could this be ?!
I just got off my period .
My hands , stomach and thighs were COVERED in blood ... but my nether region was clear .
Then , I look over and I see blood literally GUSHING out of the head of his dick .
I was so freaked out I just yelled " YOUR DICK IS BLEEDING " and ran out of the room ....
He was more mortified than I was ... if possible .
He told me about a month ago , he was really wasted and zipped the head of his penis in his pants .
Being super drunk , he could n't dislodge it , so forced the zipper down / yanked his dick out .
He then passed out to later find himself on a blood soaked mattress .
The doctor told him he needed stitched to close it back up , but did n't do it ... leaving both his penis and me scarred for life .
Advertisement
10 . The Would - Be Artist And if that was too much bodily - function misfire for you , here 's an after - sex discovery from strangerthanfiction to end on a possibly sweet , if totally fucking weird , note .
As a freshman in college , I decided to nurse the wounds of a bad breakup with a one - night stand .
I should have run in the other direction when the guy told me he was working on his " memoirs " ( he was 19 ) , but I was pretty desperate .
The sex itself was awkward , passionless , and boring , but the real treat came the next day .
I arrived back to my dorm room in last night 's clothes , and as I was changing to head to the showers , my roommate noticed something weird on my ass .
Turned out the guy had drawn on me while I was asleep ... a sailboat , a cat , and a rocketship , all on my butt , all in highlighter .
Advertisement
Update Vote on the worst of the worst .
Remember , the top five will win a copy of the new book Worst Laid Plans .
And some very hard - earned bragging rights .
Advertisement
Earlier : Your Worst Sex Sex Stories , Please
Proliferan cánceres y abortos ; niños y mujeres , los más afectados : estudio
[ email protected ]
La población de la comunidad Apaxco - Atotonilco , ubicada entre el estado de México e Hidalgo , presenta afectaciones en el sistema nervioso , así como la proliferación de cánceres y abortos espontáneos producto de la elevada presencia de sustancias tóxicas liberadas al ambiente por la empresa Ecoltec , denunciaron organizaciones ecológicas como Greenpeace y especialistas de la salud .
Explicaron , además , que la exposición de la gente a los contaminantes de esta empresa — subsidiaria de la cementera Holcim - Apasco — ha traído como consecuencia un incremento en nacimientos con diversas malformaciones genéticas .
Pero Ecoltec rechazó los señalamientos que la vinculan “ explícita o implícitamente ” con las afectaciones a la salud de los pobladores , e informó que se encuentra abierta al diálogo con vecinos y autoridades “ dentro del marco del respeto a ley y al estado de derecho ” .
En una carta , la empresa se comprometió a establecer un comité comunitario que , conjuntamente con personal de Ecoltec , mantenga comunicación y diálogo “ para resolver y atender todas aquellas inquietudes , dudas y propuestas que nuestros vecinos pudieran tener ” .
Trabajos con residuos “ peligrosos ” Organizaciones sociales denunciaron que Ecoltec recicla residuos “ peligrosos ” , como llantas , para producir combustibles alternos que las cementeras de la región utilizan en lugar de gas o combustibles fósiles en sus procesos de producción .
El empleo de estos sustitutos proporcionados por Ecoltec , dijeron , genera Contaminantes Orgánicos Persistentes ( COP ) que se acumulan en la cadena alimenticia y se desplazan a grandes distancias .
En febrero pasado , EL UNIVERSAL publicó que la región que va de Tula , Hidalgo , hasta Apaxco , estado de México , concentra diversas industrias , incluyendo una refinería de Pemex , una termoeléctrica , algunas cementeras y caleras .
Sólo en el municipio de Apaxco , según su Plan de Desarrollo Urbano , hay 38 fuentes fijas de contaminación del aire .
Sobre el tema , Benjamín Ruiz Loyola , investigador de la Facultad de Química de la UNAM , explicó en ese entonces que la exposición a concentraciones muy altas y en forma prolongada al acrilato de metilo puede causar problemas en la sangre , pulmones , riñones y tracto respiratorio .
Exposición constante A solicitud del grupo ambientalista Pro-Salud Apaxco - Atotonilco , el Centro de Diagnóstico y Alternativas para Afectados por Tóxicos ( CEDAAT ) realizó una serie de estudios y encuestas entre los habitantes de la comunidad para medir el impacto de las emanaciones del complejo .
En los resultados preliminares , presentados ayer en la Facultad de Medicina de la UNAM , se detalló que la comunidad ha estado expuesta de manera “ crónica ” a una mezcla compleja de contaminantes .
Los investigadores informaron que 11 localidades ( cuatro de Hidalgo y siete del estado de México ) , que suman aproximadamente 30 mil habitantes en un área de 4 kilómetros , han sido impactadas por estas sustancias tóxicas .
Uno de los estudios se basó en determinar la expansión geográfica de los afectados por un accidente ocurrido en la empresa el 5 de mayo de 2009 .
La propia compañía reconoció que registró una fuga de acrilato de metilo .
Al día siguiente los pobladores cerraron los accesos a la empresa .
El bloqueo cumplió ayer un año .
El acrilato de metilo , detallaron las organizaciones , fue causante de intoxicaciones agudas en la región , donde se presentaron cuadros de dolor de cabeza , irritación en ojos y garganta y desmayos .
Agregaron que , según datos aportados por encuestas realizadas a 305 pacientes de la localidad , 86 % presentó cuadros de intoxicación aguda .
El CEDAAT detalló que de la población revisada tiene registros de que los casos de pérdida de conocimiento afectaron principalmente a niños , ancianos y mujeres embarazadas .
Explicaron que en tres de ocho casos se registraron abortos .
Daños en la memoria CEDAAT , Pro-Salud Apaxco - Atotonilco , Greenpeace México y el Centro de Análisis y Acción en Tóxicos y sus Alternativas , apoyados por médicos y sicólogos de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México , explicaron que tienen registros que muestran que las sustancias tóxicas en el ambiente de Apaxco - Atotonilco han limitado el desarrollo intelectual de los niños .
Informaron que se aplicó un estudió médico - sicológico a 35 escolares con edad promedio de 9 años .
Los resultados revelaron que 100 % presentó afectaciones en la memoria .
Además , en el rango para medir la atención , 46 % demostró tener alguna afección .
More than 150 years ago , Darwin proposed the theory of universal common ancestry ( UCA ) , linking all forms of life by a shared genetic heritage from single - celled microorganisms to humans .
Until now , the theory that makes ladybugs , oak trees , champagne yeast and humans distant relatives has remained beyond the scope of a formal test .
This week , a Brandeis biochemist reports in Nature the results of the first large scale , quantitative test of the famous theory that underpins modern evolutionary biology .
The results of the study confirm that Darwin had it right all along .
In his 1859 book , On the Origin of Species , the British naturalist proposed that , " all the organic beings which have ever lived on this earth have descended from some one primordial form . "
Over the last century and a half , qualitative evidence for this theory has steadily grown , in the numerous , surprising transitional forms found in the fossil record , for example , and in the identification of sweeping fundamental biological similarities at the molecular level .
Still , rumblings among some evolutionary biologists have recently emerged questioning whether the evolutionary relationships among living organisms are best described by a single " family tree " or rather by multiple , interconnected trees — a " web of life . "
Recent molecular evidence indicates that primordial life may have undergone rampant horizontal gene transfer , which occurs frequently today when single - celled organisms swap genes using mechanisms other than usual organismal reproduction .
In that case , some scientists argue , early evolutionary relationships were web - like , making it possible that life sprang up independently from many ancestors .
According to biochemist Douglas Theobald , it does n't really matter .
" Let 's say life originated independently multiple times , which UCA allows is possible , " said Theobald .
" If so , the theory holds that a bottleneck occurred in evolution , with descendants of only one of the independent origins surviving until the present .
Alternatively , separate populations could have merged , by exchanging enough genes over time to become a single species that eventually was ancestral to us all .
Either way , all of life would still be genetically related . "
Harnessing powerful computational tools and applying Bayesian statistics , Theobald found that the evidence overwhelmingly supports UCA , regardless of horizontal gene transfer or multiple origins of life .
Theobald said UCA is millions of times more probable than any theory of multiple independent ancestries .
" There have been major advances in biology over the last decade , with our ability to test Darwin 's theory in a way never before possible , " said Theobald .
" The number of genetic sequences of individual organisms doubles every three years , and our computational power is much stronger now than it was even a few years ago . "
While other scientists have previously examined common ancestry more narrowly , for example , among only vertebrates , Theobald is the first to formally test Darwin 's theory across all three domains of life .
The three domains include diverse life forms such as the Eukarya ( organisms , including humans , yeast , and plants , whose cells have a DNA - containing nucleus ) as well as Bacteria and Archaea ( two distinct groups of unicellular microorganisms whose DNA floats around in the cell instead of in a nucleus ) .
Theobald studied a set of 23 universally conserved , essential proteins found in all known organisms .
He chose to study four representative organisms from each of the three domains of life .
For example , he researched the genetic links found among these proteins in archaeal microorganisms that produce marsh gas and methane in cows and the human gut ; in fruit flies , humans , round worms , and baker 's yeast ; and in bacteria like E. coli and the pathogen that causes tuberculosis .
Theobald 's study rests on several simple assumptions about how the diversity of modern proteins arose .
First , he assumed that genetic copies of a protein can be multiplied during reproduction , such as when one parent gives a copy of one of their genes to several of their children .
Second , he assumed that a process of replication and mutation over the eons may modify these proteins from their ancestral versions .
These two factors , then , should have created the differences in the modern versions of these proteins we see throughout life today .
Lastly , he assumed that genetic changes in one species do n't affect mutations in another species — for example , genetic mutations in kangaroos do n't affect those in humans .
What Theobald did not assume , however , was how far back these processes go in linking organisms genealogically .
It is clear , say , that these processes are able to link the shared proteins found in all humans to each other genetically .
But do the processes in these assumptions link humans to other animals ?
Do these processes link animals to other eukaryotes ?
Do these processes link eukaryotes to the other domains of life , bacteria and archaea ?
The answer to each of these questions turns out to be a resounding yes .
Just what did this universal common ancestor look like and where did it live ?
Theobald 's study does n't answer this question .
Nevertheless , he speculated , " to us , it would most likely look like some sort of froth , perhaps living at the edge of the ocean , or deep in the ocean on a geothermal vent .
At the molecular level , I 'm sure it would have looked as complex and beautiful as modern life . "
Explore further Darwin's Tree of Life May Be More Like a Thicket
Martin Jetpack goes on sale soon - yours for a mere £ 60 k or so
Ever since the glory days of the Fall Guy in the 1980s any self - respecting gadget geek has craved a workable jetpack .
The new Martin Jetpack is priced at $ 86,000 ( £ 57,675 ) and is the world 's first commercially available personal flying machine .
This beast of a machine will allow you a full 30 minutes of flight time , so just be careful you are not too high when you are reaching that 28 - minute point in your flight across from the top of London 's Centrepoint to the top of the BT Tower .
The machine 's rotors are built from a carbon / Kevlar composite and powered by a 200 hp two - liter V4 two - stroke petrol engine .
Safety first , fun last
Martin Aircraft is based in New Zealand , so you may also have to take a trip over there to pick up your new wonder - toy .
Either that , or pay a couple of extra grand for the shipping costs …
Martin Aircraft was founded in 1998 in Christchurch New Zealand and it's taken them twelve years of hard work to finally develop a machine they consider worthy ( and safe enough ) for commercial release .
Martin has made sure that the pack also has safety systems that will kick in in case the main system goes down .
Should all else fail the machine also contains a ballistic parachute to aid with any emergency landings .
Control - wise , pitch and roll are controlled by one hand , thrust and yaw by the other .
Finally , you have weigh between 140 - 240 pounds to be allowed to fly one of these .
Still want one ?
Head over to Martin Aircraft 's website to place your order .
Via Gizmag
Next time pinch a lighter too !
Crows caught taking a crafty cigarette break on holiday island
They already boast the raspy tones of seasoned smokers .
But actually getting to grips with a cigarette is another thing .
No matter how much they huffed and puffed , these crows could n't quite work out what to do .
Britons Judie and Tony Ellis , on holiday in the Maldives , spotted one crow fly past with the packet before landing on a roof for a crafty cigarette break .
Fancy a Malboro Flight ?
Two crows play with a packet of cigarettes in the Maldives
' It seemed to be dishing them out to the others , ' Judie said .
' They even had them in their beaks the right way .'.
As Judie , 53 , rushed to get her camera to record the scene two more crows arrived for a fag break and picked up the cigarettes in their beaks .
' It was taking the cigarettes out of the packet and putting them on the roof of the water villa .
Then the other crows were picking them up .
' It was amazing that they seemed to have them in their beaks the right way round . '
After fans took to Facebook to launch a campaign to get veteran funny girl Betty White on " Saturday Night Live , " it was announced earlier this week that she would in fact be making an appearance on the show in some capacity .
Now comes word that the star will be hosting the show in May .
White will be onboard for the May 8 episode , which also happens to be Mother 's Day .
The show will feature appearances by a number of female " SNL " vets including Tina Fey , who will also host the show on April 10 with musical guest Justin Bieber ; Amy Poehler ; Molly Shannon ; Maya Rudolph ; Ana Gasteyer and Rachel Dratch .
In an interview with USA Today , " SNL " executive producer Lorne Michaels admits he " always wanted "
White to host the late - night comedy program .
" Years ago , I turned it down three times , " White says .
" It 's so New York , and I 'm not New York at all .
But my agent said he 'd divorce me if I did n't do it , and I love my agent . "
And while White has starred in and won awards for many of her memorable roles on shows like " The Mary Tyler Moore Show " and " The Golden Girls " and last summer 's movie " The Proposal , " and has even more recently caught the eye of Robert Pattinson , it was her very funny Super Bowl commercial that was the catalyst for her getting the coveted gig on " SNL . "
" It took on a groundswell , " Michaels says of the Facebook campaign , which began in response to White 's appearance in the Super Bowl spot .
" It is n't something we would have said no to , " but the campaign " validated that , ' Oh , that 'd be fun . ' ...
It was the outpouring of affection from fans , and we feel the same way . "
White herself is excited about all the attention .
" It 's lovely , and at my age it 's certainly unexpected , " she said .
" I 've got so much energy , it 's ridiculous .
I love working .
My schedule is a feverish one , and I 'm used to that . "
Turin police raid Scientology chapter Sect suspected of inappropriately using sensitive personal data
( ANSA ) - Turin , May 20 - Police raided a local Scientology chapter here and discovered a hidden archive which contained not only information on the group 's members but also on the sect's ' enemies ' , the Turin daily La Stampa reported on Thursday .
Police were acting on a warrant issued by magistrates who have opened a probe into the religion which is suspected of violating laws governing the handling of personal information .
According to La Stampa , police searched the chapter on Via Bersezio for some nine hours and in the basement , behind a locked door , found the sect 's secret archive which had files on magistrates , policemen , journalists and relatives of former members .
La Stampa said magistrates were now examining these documents which were " chock full " of sensitive information dealing with sexual habits , health and political inclinations .
In 2000 , the Italian supreme Court of Cassation recognised Scientology as a religion but said it was organised as a business and thus subject to taxation .
Member are said to pay high fees for counseling or ' auditing ' to advance through the religion 's various ' levels ' .
Scientology has been at the center of controversy because of its nature as a sect , which has led to accusations of fraud , and many countries do not qualify it as a religion .
Aside from charging high fees to its members , Scientologists have drawn criticism for aggressively reacting to critics and their opposition to psychiatry , which they consider to be destructive and abusive and say should be outlawed .
Scientology , which claims to focus on spiritual rehabilitation , was founded in the early 1950s by the late science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard and evolved out of his self - help program Dianetics .
Despite its controversy , it has drawn a number of high - profile celebrities including actors Tom Cruise and John Travolta and musicians Isaac Hayes and Chick Corea .
photo : Scientology 's VIP spokesman Tom Cruise
The Foxconn factory in the southern Chinese boom town of Shenzhen is so vast that walking around its outer perimeter takes two hours .
Its workers turn out components that are supplied to big Western electronics brands including Nokia , Hewlett - Packard and Dell .
And it is here that most of the parts for Apple 's iPhone , and the much - awaited iPad , which goes on sale in the UK this week , are manufactured .
Yesterday , Li Hai , a 19 - year - old employee of the firm , jumped from the top of the building in Shenzhen to his death .
It brought the number of suspected suicides at the factory this year to 10 .
There have been another two attempted suicides .
All of the deaths have been of youngsters between 18 and 25 years old .
Li Hai had only been working at the plant for 42 days .
The incidents have prompted intense soul - searching in China , about conditions in its factories and the social cost of breakneck economic development .
Foxconn , one of the world 's largest manufacturers of electronic equipment , is huge .
The chefs slaughter 6,000 pigs a day to feed the company 's nearly 400,000 workers in this giant industrial complex , spread over 1.2 square miles .
But the Taiwanese owners now face a major problem .
Li Hai's death , and those of his colleagues , have raised questions about working conditions in Chinese factories , with labour activists alleging that long hours , low pay and high pressure make for an unbearable working environment .
Chinese media have suggested that what is driving the suicides is the feeling among the workers that they are machines .
Many start work at 4 am , then go through the motions thousands of times over during their often long shifts .
" Every shift we finish 4,000 Dell computers , all the while standing up , " one Foxconn worker told China Labour Watch for a recent report .
In July , a Foxconn worker committed suicide when the company held an inquiry into the disappearance of an iPhone prototype , for which he had had been considered responsible .
The founder of Foxconn 's parent company in Taiwan , Hon Hai Precision , Terry Gou denied that his factories were sweatshops and he was confident the situation would be resolved soon .
The company , which employs over 800,000 workers around the world , is now playing soothing music along the production lines .
Over 2,000 singers , dancers and gym trainers have been recruited , and the group is also hiring psychiatrists and Buddhist monks to help with stress .
New fences are also being installed on every worker 's dormitory building , according to local media , which are up to three metres high and are meant to prevent suicidal workers from jumping off the roof .
But local media said the workers , many of whom are migrants and isolated from their home communities , found the fences even more depressing .
" Young workers born during 1980s or 1990s are becoming the mainstream of our workforce .
In this context , the Foxconn employee ' jumping ' incidents should arouse the vigilance of the whole society .
Companies , government and society should pay more attention to the spiritual crisis of young lives , " said the Xinhua news agency in an editorial .
Zhang Ming , a political science professor at the People 's University of China , said workers were reacting to feeling as if they were machines or spare parts .
" To many post - Eighties or post - Nineties migrant workers , it is unbearable for them to live in a place without cultural entertainment and communications with their friends .
They are psychologically weak .
The Foxconn ' jumping ' incident is a call for life . "
One worker told the Southern Weekend newspaper that he would deliberately drop something on the ground so that he could have a few seconds of rest when picking it up .
Nine mainland Chinese and Hong Kong academics have issued an open statement calling on Foxconn and the government to do more for the workers .
" China 's development strategy throughout these 30 years not only accomplished an economic miracle , it deepened regional inequalities , prolonged stagnation of wages , and deprived migrant workers ' citizenship and human rights , " it said .
Position : Center
Age : 18
Date of Birth : May 19 , 1992
Place of Birth : Chelyabinsk , Russia
Ht : 6 - 0 Wt : 175
Shoots : Left
Kuznetsov is a highly talented Russian center currently playing for Traktor Chelyabinsk in the KHL .
He is the exact definition of high - risk , high - reward .
First , there 's the threat of either not coming over or bolting back to Russia if he does n't get his way .
Then , there is the fact that he is one of the most inconsistent players in the draft .
When he 's on- he 's explosive and can put up gobs of offense .
The problem is , he 's not " on " as often as he needs to be .
A team could get a superstar if he slips .
2009 /2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 35 2 7 9
N/A 10
Scouting Report ( The Scouting Report ) :
With a talent like Kuznetsov potentially lurking in the middle of the first round , he could be an absolute gem to pick up .
The 17 year old Russian has spent the season getting limited ice time in the KHL with Traktor , before having a solid showing at the World Juniors , scoring two goals for the Russians .
He ’s one of the most raw talented players available in this draft , and has the ability to make plays in the offensive zone that very few others can make .
He ’s still pretty raw this point , and he needs to add some much needed strength , but Russian factor aside , he ’ll be a very intriguing prospect to watch in the second half , especially at the Under 18’s .
Why he'd be a good fit in Columbus :
There 's no way that the Jackets would use a high pick on him due to the risks associated with him - but they have shown in the past with Maksim Mayorov that if a highly ranked Russian slips in the draft , they will snatch him up .
Kuznetsov would be a top six centre , who would excel on the powerplay .
Paired with a winger like Nikita Filatov he would be absolutely lethal .
Kuznetsov in Action :
PA to Israelis : Go to Europe and Ethiopia
because Israel is " stolen " land
PA TV displays map
portraying all of Israel as " Palestine "
by Itamar Marcus and Nan Jacques Zilberdik
" Palestine 's war ended with a catastrophe that is unprecedented in history , when the Zionist gangs stole Palestine ... and established the State of Israel . "
[ Arabic Language , Analysis , Literature and Criticism , grade 12 , p. 104 ,
currently in use , published by the PA Ministry of Education in 2007 ]
US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton :
" We will work only with a Palestinian Authority government that unambiguously and explicitly accepts the Quartet 's principles [ including ] ... recognition of Israel ... "
[ House Appropriations Subcommittee on State , Foreign Ops , April 23 , 2009 ]
Palestinian narrator :
" I 'm from Jaffa , I 'm from Haifa
Of course , you 're from Ukraine ; of course , you 're from Germany , from Poland , from Russia , from Ethiopia , the Falasha ( a pejorative term for Ethiopian Jews , Ed. )
Why have you stolen my homeland and taken my place ?
Please , I ask of you , return to your original homeland , so that I can return to my original homeland .
This is my homeland ; go back to your homeland ! " , I 'm from Acre , I 'm from Nazareth , I 'm from Gimzu , I 'm from Zakariya , I 'm from Ein Kerem .
( All are cities and towns in Israel , - Ed. )
Where are you [ Israelis ] from ?
Where are you from ?
Of course , you 're from Ukraine ; of course , you 're from Germany , from Poland , from Russia , from Ethiopia , the Falasha ( a pejorative term for Ethiopian Jews , Ed. )
Why have you stolen my homeland and taken my place ?
Please , I ask of you , return to your original homeland , so that I can return to my original homeland .
This is my homeland ; go back to your homeland ! "
[ PA TV ( Fatah ) , May 4 and 7 , 2010 ]
" Dear [ Israeli Arab ] children : We [ the PA TV children 's program ] will definitely always remain in contact with you ... this program is definitely yours too , just as it belongs to every Palestinian child , since you are part of occupied Palestine . "
" Dear [ Israeli Arab ] children : We [ the PA TV children 's program ] will definitely always remain in contact with you ... this program is definitely yours too , just as it belongs to every Palestinian child , since you are part of occupied Palestine . "
Click to view
[ PA TV , Feb. 26 , 2010 ]
The message that all of Israel is stolen " Palestinian " land was repeated twice in the last week on official Palestinian Authority television .
In the most recent episode of the weekly program , this denial of Israel 's right to exist led to a concrete demand .
The PA TV narrator called for Jews to leave Israel and go to Europe and Ethiopia - " your original homeland .
" PA TV also added a visual message of non-recognition of Israel .
The camera focused on a drawing of a map that included all of Israel , but showed Israel erased and covered entirely by the Palestinian flag .
PA TV is owned by the Palestinian Authority , and is the responsibility of the office of PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas .
Educating its people , especially its children , that Israel has no right to exist because Israel is " stolen " is a cornerstone of PA policy .
Palestinian children are taught in their schoolbooks :
It should also be noted that the US government has conditioned its contacts with the Palestinian Authority on the PA 's " unambiguous and explicit " recognition of Israel .
On Feb. 26 of this year , a PA TV children 's program taught children to seeThe PA TV host was discussing Israeli Arab children who watched the PA TV program , but she she refrained from mentioning the existence of Israel .
Instead she referred to Israeli Arabs as : " Our friends from the 1948 territories - the occupied territories . "
Then she addressed the Israeli Arab children as follows : the Palestinian Media Watch report on Palestinian schoolbooks .
more examples of the PA 's denying of Israel 's right to exist .
more examples of Israel replaced by " Palestine " .
Before the Endgame America 's Fatal Flaws in Afghanistan
When Washington starts withdrawing its troops from Afghanistan in July 2011 , its NATO allies in Europe will quickly rush to the exits .
A power - sharing arrangement between Kabul and the Taliban is a less than ideal solution , but it is the only realistic option if the West pulls out .
Von Ahmed Rashid
Last week saw the 30th anniversary of The Empire Strikes Back , and along with it came discussions about the best way to watch the film and what we can expect from future re-releases .
Michael Kaminski wrote the exhaustively researched and illuminating book The Secret History of Star Wars , so he knows damn near everything there is to know about the film stock used to shoot the film .
George Lucas famously said that the original film " does n't exist " anymore , but is that accurate ?
How exactly does Star Wars exist now ?
What are the challenges and possibilities involved in re-releasing a perfected original cut ?
How do the bootlegs stack up ?
Let 's find out .
Many prints exist
We asked Kaminksi about the master copy of the original Star Wars .
What does it look like now ?
" The term ' master copy ' is slightly vague , because there are various kinds of print masters of different generations , " he told Ars .
The original negative is conformed to the 1997 Special Edition , meaning the physical copy has been cut and edited with CGI " improvements . "
With sections of the film being too damaged to work with , parts of that print were taken from other sources .
" You never throw away your original negative , so I must assume that any pieces or shots that were removed are in storage somewhere at Lucasfilm or Fox , " he explained .
Kaminski points out that a duplication of the original negative — commonly printed for the sake of protection — does n't seem to exist for Star Wars .
Something better was created , though : separation masters .
" These are special silver - based copies that do not fade , and in theory should be almost identical in quality to the original negative itself , so even if the negative was destroyed you still have a perfect copy ( which is the point of making the separation master ) . "
Duplicates from these prints were used to replace damaged sections of the negative during the restoration before the release of the Special Edition .
That 's not all , however .
" There are also Interpositives and master prints .
Interpositives ( and Internegatives ) are the color - corrected masters that theatrical prints are duplicated from , and were used in the past to make the home video telecines from 1985 - 1995 . "
Another common practice is keeping print masters , which are high - quality , fine - grain prints kept in the eventuality that no other higher - quality copies or masters are available .
What this tells us is that Lucas was n't lying — the original copy of Star Wars is , in fact , gone .
What exists in its place is a composite film that has been restored and spliced together with Special Edition scenes and sections from other , later prints .
There exist enough film copies and back - ups to re-create the film , however , so nothing is impossible in terms of a more classical high definition re-release .
Why film ?
Should n't this all be digital ?
It 's unclear how the film exists digitally within Lucasfilm , but Kaminski does know one thing : the scanning done in the past has become obsolete .
" The 1997 SE scans were done in 2 K and the 2004 Special Edition was done in 1080 p , but now the standard is 8 K ( 4 times the 1997 SE and about 7 times the quality of the 2004 SE ) , and the color reproduction is better too , " he says .
While it may seem counter - intuitive , the original film remains important as the most robust way to store this information .
Hard drives fail , and data is vulnerable to time .
" This may seem silly because everyone always talks about how fragile film is , but film is the most robust , durable image technology we have ever invented .
There are reels of film that date back to the 1920s that still look pretty good . "
He claims that color Eastman Kodak film has a half - life of around 50 to 60 years .
Oddly enough , the negative film used in the 1970s to shoot Star Wars is less stable than the film used before or after .
We 'll get to a point where all we have left are digital copies , but technology has only recently allowed digital copies to rival the original celluloid in quality and detail .
Time to talk bootlegs !
In 2006 , an official re-release of the original trilogy was brought to DVD without the annoying CGI updates seen in the Special Editions .
The quality was impressive , but the film is shown in non-anamorphic widescreen , a major annoyance for fans of cinema .
This is where the fans have stepped up to improve upon Lucas ' official releases with high - quality bootlegs .
" Any bootleg made before 2006 is lesser than the 2006 DVD because they were made from the Laserdisc , while the 2006 DVD was made from the master tape that the Laserdisc was derived from and thus is one generation higher in quality , " Kaminski tells Ars .
" For a 20 - year - old analog tape , it does look pretty decent . "
Bootlegs created after 2006 have used the DVD transfer for better quality video .
.
Changing the way rockets are designed would pave the way to transporting more people into space .
It could lead to a next generation type of space shuttle carrying up to 100 people . .
Buzz Aldrin – Founder , Starcraft Boosters , Inc .
One of Buzz ’s prime directives is to launch humanity into a new era of affordable access to space .
In 1996 he put together a dedicated team of experienced rocket engineers and aerospace entrepreneurs to form the rocket design company , Starcraft Boosters , Inc. ( SBI ) , and develop next - generation space launch systems that would reduce launch costs and build upon existing and emerging technologies .
The SBI team ’s first initiative was to develop the “ StarBooster ” family of reusable flyback rocket boosters .
A vertically launched two - stage - to - orbit system , the StarBooster design is essentially a hollow aircraft - type airframe into which a booster rocket propulsion module ( such as a liquid - fueled Atlas V , Delta IV or Zenit ) is inserted in order to launch a payload .
Configured in a progressive series from the “ 200 ” ( roughly the size of a Boeing 737 ) to heavier lift models up to the “ 1600 ” – each StarBooster launches an upper stage and payload under the firepower of the booster rocket housed within .
After separating from the upper stage and payload , the StarBooster air - starts its own engines and flies the spent booster rocket contained inside back to the launch site to be reused for another launch .
The StarBooster approach facilitates major launch cost savings utilizing currently existing expendable rocket technology and effectively transforming such rockets into a reusable first stage booster launch system – with the added side effect of tripling the payload capacity .
This StarBooster reusable first stage can then be matched with the SBI - designed StarBird or StarEagle reusable manned orbiters to result in a completely reusable space transportation system capable of sending an astronaut crew into Earth orbit , helping to launch missions back to the moon , or leading to the development of 100 - seat airline capacity commercial tourism spaceflights .
Overall , the StarBooster family is a worthy next - generation alternative to the fleet of expendable launch vehicles used by NASA today .
In response to NASA Langley Research Center ’s interest in seeing a small scale flight demonstration of StarBooster , Cal Poly Space Systems ( CPSS ) undertook the StarBooster Project from 1999 to 2001 to perform proof of concept work .
The effort culminated in multiple successful launches of 5 - foot and 10 - foot demonstration models of the StarBooster configuration .
In 2002 , SBI was awarded a Phase I Small Business Innovation Research ( SBIR ) contract funded by the Air Force Research Laboratory .
In 2003 , a US patent was issued to Buzz Aldrin and Hu Davis for the StarBooster design of a flyback booster first stage launch vehicle with a removable rocket propulsion module .
Based in Houston , Texas , the SBI team includes Buzz ’s long - time friend and colleague , Hubert Davis ( a key NASA engineer and manager in charge of developing and testing systems for the Apollo spacecraft in the 1960 ’s - 70 ’s ) as VP of Engineering , Art Dula ( aerospace and patent attorney ) as VP of Legal , and Lt. General Dirk Jameson ( USAF retired ) as President and CEO .
The work by the Center for Constitutional Rights is the latest in a series of examinations of the police tactic defined by a Supreme Court decision from decades ago , Terry v. Ohio , which permitted officers to detain someone briefly based on “ reasonable suspicion , ” a threshold lower than the probable cause necessary for a formal arrest .
The issue exploded in New York after Mr. Diallo ’s killing , when those who protested the shooting contended there was a pattern of racial profiling in stop and frisks .
A study in 1999 by Eliot Spitzer , then the state ’s attorney general , found that blacks and Hispanics were disproportionately stopped in relation to their involvement in crime and their share of the city ’s population .
In 2001 , the city enacted a law requiring the police to provide quarterly reports about the raw data to the City Council and settled a lawsuit , also brought by the constitutional rights group , requiring that plaintiffs be given more valuable raw data .
Reporting by the police has recently become more regular .
On April 30 , Mr. Browne said that in 2010 there were 149,299 stops through March 31 , about 13 percent fewer than in the first quarter of 2009 .
So far , he said , the stops yielded 186 guns .
As the numbers come out , analysts and academics pore over them to gauge effectiveness .
In March , researchers from the Center on Race , Crime and Justice at John Jay College of Criminal Justice said that more data and “ increased public discussion of this controversial policing practice ” were essential .
“ If the public does not have access to the data , in a format that allows the experts to identify important trends , then it harms the public discourse , ” said Donna Lieberman , the executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union , which successfully sued to get the raw data .
“ And that is precisely the situation that we are in . ”
Particularly vexing to Jeffrey A. Fagan , a professor of law at Columbia University who studied the issue for Mr. Spitzer , is that few can say what happens once the “ 11 or 12 percent ” of street stops that lead to an arrest or summons get to court .
DRAFT : Best Picks at No. 17 Overall
Look at some of the top players taken at 17th overall to see what might be available for Chicago
Meanwhile , they stress the status - enhancing aspects .
Compulsive shoppers ( most of whom seem to be women ) tend to zero in on jewelry , makeup , clothes , and consumer electronics — in other words , status goods .
The hosts play up how the products will improve your appearance or your parties , or , when given as gifts , endear you to your friends .
Disastrously for compulsive shoppers , QVC shopping strips away the negative cues , separating the pain of paying from the joy of buying .
All transactions are handled electronically , which , studies show , makes them seem less real ; that ’s why so many people get themselves into trouble with credit cards .
QVC takes this one step further with its “ easy pay ” system , which allows shoppers to split the cost over as many as five credit - card payments , without incurring any finance charges .
Lots of stores take credit cards .
But only QVC strips away all the negative cues .
Compulsive shoppers can get a huge rush out of buying , but they also may feel deep shame about their spending binges .
The anonymity of QVC ’s automated ordering allows them to avoid the shame — yet QVC still provides those “ parasocial relationships , ” a simulacrum of the camaraderie that most women enjoy when shopping with friends .
There are no good data on what percentage of shopping - network customers are spending too much ( my fiancé would say “ All of them ” ) .
But some analysts think that compulsive spending is on the rise , in part because we are richer , but also because the Internet and the shopping channels stimulate it .
The QVC process is so finely calibrated that a producer watches call volume in real time ; whenever it spikes , the host hears a voice in his or her ear : “ Whatever you just said , say it again .
It ’s working . ”
The lessons are disseminated to other hosts , and to the product spokespeople , who must spend hours training before they may present their products on air .
QVC has not created any of these techniques ; it has only mastered them .
Which is why QVC ’s relationship with its customers tells you a lot about what America has been doing for the past 20 years or so .
More and more buying on credit , fewer real - life interactions , a proliferating array of products to tempt us — and of “ new media ” outlets allowing companies to better target their audiences with parasocial fantasies .
No wonder we ’ve got a bit of a hangover .
But the people on my tour did n’t go away disillusioned after learning the art of the hard sell ; as soon as the tour was over , they gang - rushed the QVC Studio Store .
I should n’t have been surprised , really , since most of the QVC fans I know savor the variations on the hard sell .
In fact , that ’s part of the fun ; you ca n’t help but enjoy the skill with which they sell you things you do n’t quite need .
Unfortunately , it ’s not so enjoyable for the substantial minority who ca n’t control themselves when access to credit ( and new goods ) is too easy .
Worse , more and more Americans seem to have lost that self - control , which is why our household savings rate fell to barely 1 percent five years ago .
That ’s bounced back to 4 percent — better , but nothing compared with the more than 10 percent in countries like Germany and France .
And though the total amount of Americans ’ outstanding credit - card debt has fallen , a recent survey by the site Card Hub implies that this decline is largely due to credit - card companies ’ write - offs of bad debt , rather than consumers ’ reductions in spending .
In retrospect , the idea that the Great Recession would dramatically alter our spending habits seems as wishful as the idea that 9/11 heralded a lasting change in our civic conduct .
Opera submitted its browser app to Apple on 23 March 2010 .
Web browser maker Opera topped the iPhone application download chart within 24 hours of releasing its free browser app .
It has been downloaded 1,023,380 times since its launch on 14 April .
It took three weeks for Apple to approve the program , which has already been developed for other mobile phone platforms .
Opera Mini is not the first alternative to Apple 's Safari to be developed for the iPhone .
German developer Alexander Clauss launched an iPhone browser application called iCab in May 2009 .
" It is probably the first well known PC browser to become available on the iPhone , " said Forrester analyst Ian Fogg .
" There 's no Firefox , no Internet Explorer - and there 's not likely to be because of the development environment , " he added .
" An app has to be written especially for a particular phone to offer a high quality experience .
On many mobiles the browser provided with the phone is the only choice someone has . "
Opera has not developed a separate app for the iPad but says the iPhone program will also work on Apple 's new device .
Chief development officer Christen Krogh told the BBC that Opera 's business model is similar to that of a traditional search engine , with revenue coming from affiliate deals and advertising rather than from the user .
" The web is still a place to make big bucks , " he said .
" Online ads are lucrative and that 's growing on mobiles .
The mobile ecosystem is becoming more like the web system . "
Page last updated at 12:26 GMT , Wednesday , 5 May 2010 13:26 UK
Can suicide bombers be funny ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Four Lions is a film that satirises a group of hapless Muslims who decide to blow themselves and others up during the London Marathon .
It is directed by Chris Morris who was behind the TV series ' Brass Eye ' ; and even though the subject maybe cause controversy he attempts to show us the funny side through his Jihads who are more like ' Dad 's Army ' buffoons .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Anyone who has been on protest marches over the years will be aware that some members of the riot police – officially the Territorial Support Group ( TSG ) these days – have a tendency towards losing their identification numbers accompanied by a proclivity to non-accountable violence .
It was n't really news to me when video footage showed that the TSG member who pushed Ian Tomlinson over during last year 's G20 protests was n't wearing his badge number .
Nor to learn that Sergeant Delroy Smellie , who has denied assaulting Nicola Foster on the same occasion , was similarly deshabille .
A survey in the Police Review at the end of April 2009 showed that " 45 % of police officers admit to not wearing their shoulder identification numbers on frontline duty . "
Later that month , Met top dog Sir Paul Stephenson declared that police officers who deliberately failed to wear ID numbers would face the sack .
Apparently it 's not always deliberate .
At a local ward ( Kensal Green ) meeting in December , a TSG member talked to us about the public 's misconceptions with regards to policing at G20 .
Identification numbers , he maintained , fell off very easily or were covered by mistake .
Thankfully the Met has now come up with a way of ensuring identification numbers can no longer " fall off " – embroidered epaulettes .
" Over 8,000 public order trained officers have been issued with embroidered epaulettes , which replace the traditional metal letters and numbers , " confirmed a Met spokesman .
" This does sound like a climbdown , which is good , " says Chris Nineham who was Stop The War 's chief steward at G20 .
" But in many ways , it 's a fake discourse .
Their attitude in general has become more antagonistic towards us since 2007 . "
A small triumph in a turbulent sea , it seems .
Toronto seen from 215 Spadina ( Spacing 's headquarters ) .
Three photos stitched together .
Ich möchte die ARD mögen .
Ich bin ein großer Freund der Idee des öffentlich - rechtlichen Rundfunks .
Die ARD hat mir einen tollen Preis verliehen .
Ich verdanke ihr die „ Sesamstraße “ , Loriot , Eberhard Fechners „ Prozess “ , „ ZAK “ , Wiwaldi und Jörg Thadeusz .
Aber manchmal , wenn ich Pech habe und gefragt werde , was an der ARD eigentlich so toll ist , fällt mir nichts ein , weil mir nur Reinhold Beckmann , Alois Theisen , „ In aller Freundschaft “ und Hansi Hinterseer einfallen .
Anscheinend bin ich nicht der einzige , dem es so geht .
Anscheinend haben auch und gerade ARD - Mitarbeiter dieses Problem .
Deshalb hat der SWR an seine Leute jetzt Spickzettel verschickt mit „ 10 guten Gründen für die ARD “ .
SWR - Intendant Boudgoust schreibt ihnen :
Liebe Mitarbeiterin , lieber Mitarbeiter , „ Ach , du arbeitest beim SWR ? “ — diesen Satz kennen
Sie sicher , und vielleicht geht es Ihnen auch so , dass Sie zunehmend darauf angesprochen werden , warum es den öffentlich - rechtlichen Rundfunk überhaupt noch braucht .
Dass die GEZ keinen guten Ruf hat , ist klar .
Wer zahlt schon gerne Gebühren ?
Dass sich das negative Image aber auch auf die Sender überträgt , ist relativ neu .
Und auch wenn
Sie sicher davon überzeugt sind , dass der SWR und der öffentlich - rechtliche Rundfunk wichtig sind , fällt es Ihnen vielleicht nicht immer leicht , dies auch konkret zu begründen .
Da möchte ich
Ihnen gerne helfen , denn schließlich gehört es zu meinem Job , jeden Tag vielen Leuten zu erklären , dass wir uns in Deutschland auch in Zukunft den öffentlich - rechtlichen Rundfunk leisten sollten , weil wir es uns nicht leisten können , darauf zu verzichten .
„ 9 von 10 guten Gründen für die ARD “ haben wir auf dem kleinen Kärtchen , das diesem Brief anhängt , für Sie aufgeschrieben .
Kurz und knackig formuliert , vom Kinderprogramm bis zur Kulturarbeit .
Manches davon soll provozieren und bewusst zum Nachdenken anregen .
Es handelt sich hier nicht um in Stein gemeißelte „ 10 Gebote “ , sondern um einen Anstoß für die Diskussion in unserem Haus .
Denn die Gründe gelten natürlich nicht nur für die ARD insgesamt , sondern auch für den SWR im Besonderen .
Zusätzliche Infos , Zahlen und Beispiele zu den einzelnen Punkten finden Sie im SWR - Intranet unter > Der SWR > Gebühren .
Dort können
Sie auch weitere Gründe selbst beisteuern , die Ihnen besonders wichtig sind .
Und vielleicht möchten
Sie ja das kleine Kärtchen in Ihren Geldbeutel stecken , damit Sie ganz schnell noch einen Blick darauf werfen können , wenn Sie das nächste Mal jemand auf Ihren Arbeitgeber anspricht .
Denn Sie und
Ihre gute Arbeit sind der zehnte und beste Grund , warum es uns geben muss !
Seien Sie Fürsprecherin und Fürsprecher für den öffentlich - rechtlichen Rundfunk .
Er hat es verdient .
Viele Grüße ,
Ihr
Peter Boudgoust
Hach .
Wird einem da nicht warm ums Herz ?
Freundlicherweise hat mir ein SWR - Mitarbeiter sein Kärtchen zur Verfügung gestellt .
Das leg ich mir jetzt neben den Fernseher , für wenn die Zweifel wieder kommen .
Dann schauen wir mal :
Ooo-kay .
Das ist ja nicht alles falsch , und vermutlich muss man schon froh sein , dass sich nur der letzte Punkt reimt .
Und Boudgousts
Worte in der Gebrauchsanweisung , dass „ manches davon provozieren und bewusst zum Nachdenken anregen soll “ , sind vermutlich auch als eine Art Warnung gemeint , nicht jedes Wort beim Wort zu nehmen , oder eine Entschuldigung , dass die Verfasser selbst es mit dem Nachdenken nicht übertrieben haben .
Aber das wüsste ich dann doch gerne : Inwiefern die Tatsache , dass die öffentlich - rechtlichen Programme nur 60 Cent am Tag kosten , die ARD „ unverzichtbar “ macht .
Wäre sie verzichtbarer , wenn es mehr wären ?
Weniger ?
Und die ARD hat „ die meisten Zuschauer und Hörer “ ?
Die Rechnung würde ich dann doch gern mal im Detail sehen .
Vermutlich muss man dazu beim Fernsehen das Erste und die diversen Dritten zusammenzählen , darf aber andererseits nicht die Sender der RTL - Gruppe addieren .
Inwiefern sind die Fußballübertragungen , für deren Rechte die ARD absurd viel Geld ausgibt , „ for free “ , wenn der Zuschauer doch Rundfunkgebühren zahlt ?
Und kommt die „ Pisa - Versicherung “ , die Deutschland braucht , auch dafür auf , wenn dieser schiefgestapelte Argumententurm einstürzt ?
Das liest sich beim besten Willen ( und der steckt sicher dahinter ) sehr angestrengt .
Gibt es nicht eine psychologische Regel , dass es schwer ist , jemanden zu mögen , der sich selbst nicht mag ?
Ich mache mir jetzt noch ein bisschen mehr Sorgen um die ARD .
U.S.A. this is probably from the 1940's or 1950's , way more scarier than today 's tanks I would say .
« Utah murderer who selected firing squad as execution method to get ( high - profile ) commutation hearing | Main | Would Jean Valjean get a departure or variance in the federal sentencing system ? »
May 19 , 2010
Did the Chief initially have ( but then lose ) Justice Alito 's vote in Graham ?
As my prior posts highlight , I am intrigued and taken by many aspects of the substance of Chief Justice Roberts ' concurrence in the Graham Eighth Amendment case .
But , in re-reading this opinion today , I was also intrigued and taken by a surprising pronoun in this paragraph from page 6 of the Chief 's opinion :
JUSTICE THOMAS disagrees with even our limited reliance on Roper on the ground that the present case does not involve capital punishment .
Post , at 26 ( dissenting opinion ) .
That distinction is important — indeed , it underlies our rejection of the categorical rule declared by the Court .
But Roper ’s conclusion that juveniles are typically less culpable than adults has pertinence beyond capital cases , and rightly informs the case - specific inquiry I believe to be appropriate here .
The use of the pronoun " our " in the two spots highlighted here suggests to me that , at some point , Chief Justice Roberts may have believed he had a fellow - traveler prepared to sign on to his separate concurring opinion finding Graham 's sentence 's unconstitutional based on " traditional " case - by - case proportionality review .
I suppose it is possible that one of the five Justices in the Graham majority was the expected fellow - traveler , but I think it much more likely that Chief Justice Roberts was writing with the expectation that Justice Alito would be willing to join his opinion .
My speculation seems supported by the fact that Justice Alito ultimately did not sign on to Parts II and IV of Justice Thomas 's dissent in Graham ( as well as Justice Alito 's separate little opinion saying he ultimately did not think defendant Graham had properly presented / preserved a case - by - case proportionality attack on his sentence ) .
Of course , all we know for sure is what is will in the US Reports , so maybe I am reading too much into a royal pronoun .
But it strikes me as a very interesting and quite important story for the future of noncapital Eighth Amendment jurisprudence if Justice Alito is largely in agreement with the substance of Chief Justice Roberts ' approach to proportionality review .
Specifically , it means that ( assuming a Justice Kagan follows in the path of Justice Stevens ) now there may be as many as 7 Justices prepared ( and even eager ? ) to breathe significant new life into Eighth Amendment review of noncapital sentences .
Some recent related posts with Graham analysis :
May 19 , 2010 at 07:38 PM
| Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451574769e2013481332ed6970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Did the Chief initially have ( but then lose ) Justice Alito 's vote in Graham ? :
Comments
doug , do you remember in the transcript of the oral arguments , Roberts asked counsel why they should n't just employ the three step test in Harmelin and Alito followed up suggesting the same approach ?
Thomas and Scalia may not be ready to breath life into anything but in his dissent Thomas said he , and Scalia , did not find an inference of gross disproportionality .
So , they are now at least acknowledging that a component of gross disproportionality exists in the Eighth Amendment in the noncapital context .
Which means 9 believe Kennedy 's approach in Harmelin is the law .
bruce
Posted by : bruce cunningham | May 20 , 2010 1:02:29 AM
Or maybe it is a manifestation of Robert 's ego - -" our " is similar to the royal " we "
Posted by : k | May 20 , 2010 8:35:05 AM
The use of the pronoun " our " in the two spots highlighted here suggests to me that , at some point , Chief Justice Roberts may have believed he had a fellow - traveler prepared to sign on to his separate concurring opinion finding Graham 's sentence 's unconstitutional based on " traditional " case - by - case proportionality review .
I believe that concurrences are practically always written in the first person singular , even when other justices sign them .
Your hypothesis would require a rare “ joint concurrence , ” which strikes me as highly unlikely .
More likely is that the Chief had hoped that his view would be the Opinion of the Court , or at least a plurality .
Specifically , it means that ( assuming a Justice Kagan follows in the path of Justice Stevens ) now there may be as many as 7 Justices prepared ( and even eager ? ) to breathe significant new life into Eighth Amendment review of noncapital sentences .
I am afraid not .
Even Justice Kennedy , who clearly is more liberal in his thinking than Justice Alito or the Chief , allows only the narrowest kind of proportionality review .
Just look at the very severe sentences he has voted to uphold .
This is a thicket he is far from eager to wade into , much less the other two .
Posted by : Marc Shepherd | May 20 , 2010 9:02:35 AM
This makes sense from what I remember of oral arguments .
Alito was really pushing age to be part of a case - by - case proportionality analysis , even more so than Roberts .
Posted by : Meagan | May 20 , 2010 10:11:58 AM
speaking strictly from the north carolina viewpoint , I am enthusiastic about Graham and the clarity with which the court embraced the concept of gross disproportionality of sentence to offense violating the eighth amendment .
Our judges are still adhering to the outdated position that any sentence within the range allowed by the legislature is constitutional per se .
I thought Marbury v Madison made clear that courts , not the legislature , interpret the constitution .
Kennedy has a line reaffirming Marbury in his opinion .
bruce
Posted by : bruce cunningham | May 20 , 2010 10:17:54 AM
Not true .
Deference or a presumption of constitutionality is not the same as a per se rule :
" In applying the Supreme Court 's decisions in Andrade and Ewing , our Court must continue to apply the " grossly disproportionate " principle , remembering that " ' only in exceedingly unusual non-capital cases will the sentences imposed be so grossly disproportionate as to violate the Eighth Amendment 's proscription of cruel and unusual punishment . ' "
State v. Hensley , 156 N.C. App. 634 , 577 S.E.2d 417 , 421 ( 2003 ) ( quoting State v. Ysaguire , 309 N.C. 780 , 786 , 309 S.E.2d 436 , 441 ( 1983 ) ) . "
Posted by : ungrateful biped | May 20 , 2010 11:13:46 AM
I guess Alito just could n't bring himself to not side with the government in a criminal case .
Gosh , the horrors .
He would n't have slept until the first Monday next October .
Posted by : DEJ | May 20 , 2010 11:17:07 AM
Look at the very severe sentences he has voted to uphold .
This is a thicket he is far from eager to wade into , much less the other two .
Posted by : Maternity nursing clothing | May 20 , 2010 1:24:40 PM
ungrateful biped , I assure you that in Hensley the court did not address the threshhold question of whether there was an inference of gross disproportionality between the sentence and the offense .
Our judges do n't understand the difference between facial challenges and as applied challenges .
I have lost dozens of claims of cruel and unusual punishment and not a single order or opinion has inquired whether there is an inference of gross disproportionality and if so engaged in the intrajurisdictional comparison and interjurisdictional comparison .
Most recent loss was April 5 , in which the judge wrote " Our Supreme Court has held that sentences that do not exceed the permissible statutory penalities cannot be held to be cruel and unusual punishment , State v Robinson , 271 N.C. 448 ( 1967 ) . "
bruce
Posted by : bruce cunningham | May 20 , 2010 2:16:04 PM
Did n't Thomas ( and Scalia ) only argue that there was no inference of gross disproportionality in the alternative , * after * arguing that the whole idea of proportionality review of noncapital sentences was an erroneous interpretation of the Eighth Amendment ?
My understanding of that dissent was : " There should be no Eighth Amendment review of the length of noncapital sentences .
Solem , Harmelin , etc. , are wrongly decided / reasoned .
But even assuming that there is a noncapital proportionality principle , and that it is governed by Harmelin , the facts of this case still do n't demonstrate a violation of the principle . "
Posted by : Anon | May 20 , 2010 4:57:25 PM
anon , you 're right , but that is further than they were willing to go in Ewing .
They would n't even play the game in Ewing .
In Graham , at least they played the game after arguing that the game should n't exist .
so that is some progress .
bruce
Posted by : bruce cunningham | May 20 , 2010 6:01:25 PM
The Chief Justice placed a great deal of weight in his analysis on the fact that nobody asked for a sentence as serious as the one proposed .
His analysis saw the issue as having as much to do with an abuse of judicial discretion as sentence that was in the abstract , constitutionally unreasonable for the offense .
Indeed , as his references to high profile media cases makes clear , the Chief Justice was of the opinion that many instances of the same criminal offense could justify the juvenile sentence imposed .
Rather than true proportionality analysis , I think one might see a presumption , at least in certain kinds of cases , that any sentence significantly longer than that recommended by either the prosecution or the department of corrections is excessive , a presumption that might apply with particular force in juvenile cases .
The Chief Justice 's approach is as much about due process and abuse of judicial discretion as it is about substantively unreasonable sentences .
It recalls the distinction between procedural and substantive unconscionability in contracts .
Notably , the majority opinion also made a point of focusing on categorical rather than a particularistic proportionality oriented review .
The point about this possibly having been a plurality opinion , presumably with both Alito and Kennedy joining is also a good one .
I would n't be surprised if Judge Kennedy was initially inclined to join the Chief Justice 's opinion , but then was persauded by Justice Stevens in a strong last favor asked during his service on the court request .
If Justice Kennedy was swayed in this way , an analysis close to that of the Chief Justice might be more successful in future cases .
For example , if this read on what happened is correct , the most hopeful cases in which to make juvenile LWOP progress would be those where the prosecution did not request juvenile LWOP , but the judge imposed it anyway .
But , the Chief Justice 's rule would n't have much impact .
Judges rarely impose sentences which are much longer than those requested by the proescution in serious crime cases , particularly those involving juveniles ( the one case in a metro Denver county where that happened in a case involving a lawyer in a firm where I worked was legendary and often retold as an example of the room for judicial caprice ) .
And , my sense is that a large share of LWOP cases involve mandatory minimum adult sentences for first degree murder in cases where a juvenile is charged as an adult , and the prosecution keeps the first degree murder charge either in order to retain plea bargaining leverage , or because felony - murder is an easier charge to prove than ordinary second degree murder .
Graham was anomolous in the fact that juvenile LWOP was imposed in a case where a mandatory minimum was not implicated .
Perhaps the Chief Justice , Kennedy and Alito might be persauded , however , by a case where the judge and prosecutor essentially say on the record that a sentence less than the mandatory minimum required by state law would have been sufficient and that the sentence imposed was " excessive " in some sense .
Those cases are rare , but they do happen and in the face of the de facto demise of a meaningful pardon regime , perhaps the judiciary will fill the need for an escape route from excessive mandatory minimum sentences in cases where the crime does not seem to fit the punishment ( e.g. the recent case of the Nevada woman sentenced to life for propositioning a teenage boy and having him touch her breasts ) .
Posted by : ohwilleke | May 20 , 2010 7:17:53 PM
Differen people have diverse write style , i do believe you write style is the better , I like your article quite definitely , I will share the article with my pals and families .
Posted by : pandora beads | Jan 27 , 2011 8:40:12 PM
Post a comment
There is only one way to appreciate the scale of Egypt 's monumental Aswan High Dam , and that is by standing directly on top of it .
Beneath your feet lie 43 m cubic metres of granite , an edifice that took 10 years and a billion dollars to assemble .
To your south 2,000 or more square miles of water stretch out towards the Sudanese border , forming Lake Nasser , one of the largest reservoirs on Earth .
To the north , gurgling out quietly from deep within the barrage , there is the Nile , now tamed , steady , and ready for use by 80 million people downstream .
In terms of sheer technical ambition , not to mention its impact on Egypt 's economic fortunes , political might and cultural identity , nothing has rivalled the High Dam since the pyramids .
Judging from the nationalist symbols plastered all over a nearby celebratory monument , and from the soldiers patrolling the dam 's walkways , this vast structure means as much to Egypt today as it did when it was completed 40 years ago
Symbolising the country 's historical mastery over the world 's longest river , it also marks the spot where , should upstream African countries have their way , surrender of that control will first become visible .
The consequences of any reduction in Egypt 's share of the Nile 's flow will be felt across the country , not least on the brackish fields of the Nile Delta , about 500 miles away , where farmers are already struggling to find fresh water .
Near Aswan it becomes clear how important the Nile is to Egypt , which relies on the river for 90 % of its water supply .
On the west bank of the city , on a 600 - metre wide strip of verdant land that quickly gives way to rocky desert , Omar and his fellow farmers produce grapes , figs , watermelons and other crops for export to food markets in Cairo .
Temperatures here can reach up to 45C in summer but irrigation canals and oxen - powered pumps keep Nile water streaming in all year round .
" The Nile is everything to us , it 's liquid gold , " explained the 25 - year - old as he oversaw the day 's mango harvest .
" We 're like fish here : take us from the water and we 'll perish . "
In the fishing and agricultural districts of upper Egypt there is little sympathy for the countries upstream that are threatening to boost their share of the Nile 's resources .
The stance is echoed by technical experts in Cairo , who claim that Egypt 's share of the water in the region is already dangerously small .
" Nile - basin countries as a whole receive 7,000bn cubic metres [ bcm ] a year of rainfall , " said Khaled Abu Zeid , a regional water resources programme manager at CEDARE , the Centre for Environment and Development for the Arab Region and Europe .
" In the Nile basin itself , you 're looking at 1,660 bcm of annual rainfall .
And then from all this , you have Egypt taking 55.5 bcm a year from the Nile , our only source of fresh water .
So we have to ask ourselves exactly what we 're talking about when terms like ' water sharing ' are used .
Egypt is a desert environment , whereas some of the upstream countries could not get any greener . "
Given the precarious state of Egypt 's water security , it is not surprising that successive political leaders have described any possible alterations to the distribution of the Nile as an existential threat to the nation .
Anwar Sadat , Egypt 's president , famously declared himself ready to go to war against any attempt to limit Egypt 's dominance of the river ; recently , Egyptian columnists have characterised the actions of upstream states as a " genocidal war " against Egyptians .
Some writers have suggested that Egypt 's strident rhetoric has hampered the spirit of co-operation between Nile states .
But Abu Zeid said : " Egypt sincerely wants to work with upstream countries , and I hope that those countries do n't look negatively upon these statements about the Nile being a ' red line ' for Egypt .
But regardless of what language you choose to employ , the fact is the Nile is a national security issue for Egypt . "
As an indication of how seriously the Egyptian government is taking the present crisis , responsibility for the Nile basin dispute was removed from the water and foreign affairs ministries last month and put into the hands of Egypt 's intelligence and security chief , Omar Suleiman .
Suleiman was in Uganda this week holding talks with the country 's president about the Nile issue , as Egypt stepped up efforts to persuade other countries , such as Burundi , not to sign the rival River Nile basin co-operative framework agreement threatening Egypt 's hegemony .
Egypt makes much of its water recycling and desalination programmes , arguing that the country 's barren environs have forced it to use meagre water resources efficiently .
But critics dispute these claims , pointing to the outskirts of big cities like Cairo where luxury residential developments are accompanied by a rash of water - intensive landscaped gardens and golf courses .
There are many who believe that Egypt 's Nile predicament also reveals a long - term political malaise , which has seen the country 's status as the pre-eminent regional power slowly drain away .
" President Nasser cultivated a sense of post - colonial solidarity with upstream states based around the non-aligned movement , yet under the regimes of his successors Africa has been neglected , " said Nabil Abdel Fattah , a research director at the Al - Ahram Centre .
We have seen a marginalisation of the African affairs institutes at universities , a marginalisation of African news on our TV screens .
The problem here is … the perception we have of Egyptian identity .
Our politicians see Africa as a backwater , its countries as underdeveloped . "
Omar could not agree more .
" This would never have happened under Nasser ; if he were still with us nobody would dare try to take our water . "
Google is launching something called Google TV .
It brings regular TV and web video to your TV .
Plus , Android apps .
Apps ! Live Updating
Advertisement
Google says there are two worlds now , the web , which lives on your laptop and your phone , and the TV world , which lives on your TV .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But why are n't the solutions today making traction ?
Here are 3 reasons , according to Google .
1 . They dumb down the web for TV .
You 're re-creating the web .
" It 's WAP all over again . "
" We need to find a way to bring the entire web to the television . "
Advertisement
2 . " They 're all closed . "
Once you can go anywhere on the web , you do n't want to go back .
3 . The solutions today make you choose between web or TV .
If you have to switch between the two , it 's over .
You 've lost users .
Advertisement
Google wants to incorporate both into " a single seamless experience . "
Advertisement
And here 's a demo explaining HOW this stuff all works .
Advertisement
" Google TV starts with TV . "
This is your TV .
" You only can add and enhance it . "
Advertisement
But how do you find something to watch ?
Right now you use the Guide .
" What if we re-thought the navigation of TV ? "
Google wants to give you the exact same experience on TV as Google on the computer .
( Some technical difficulties here . )
In the meantime , here 's a small explanation .
Advertisement
So Google threw in a Google search box .
For example , if you search for MSNBC , you find results from your TV and from the web .
If you select the TV channel it goes to your TV channel .
Advertisement
Now he 's typing in 30 Rock .
If see a future result , you can tell your DVR to record it .
Here is a mini site .
( More technical difficulties with connectivity .
They 're asking us all to turn off our phones . )
Advertisement
Now , they 're searching for " House " .
So they pulled up a special series result , so they can pull together content from TV and content from the web , together .
So all the web content is listed as well .
Advertisement
Selecting the Amazon 's page leads them to Amazon 's page — not reformatted in any way .
You can buy or play the episode .
Problem is with not reformatting the page is that the text becomes tiny in the living room .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Here 's the home screen .
It 's a quick launcher for stuff ( and apps ) .
They 've worked with Amazon VOD and Netflix to embed their content inside the home page of Google TV .
Here are suggestions which are personalized based on what you 've previously watched .
Advertisement
" We can go much further than just YouTube . "
Advertisement
You can also search apps .
Which means there are apps .
APPS .
Advertisement
Another demo : searching for the 2010 State of the Union , finding results on the web and then going to the White House website to watch clips .
Advertisement
How about augmenting TV ?
Here 's them putting the TV in a picture in picture .
So he searches up the stuff he wants ( box score ) while the TV is still going on .
So he can track what 's going on on the game in the big window and watch the game in the little window .
Advertisement
More examples : Seeing a twitter stream about what you 're watching now .
Or bring an ad from what you 're watching on TV into a web search .
Advertisement
What else ?
Photo viewing on your TV .
Facebook games / Flash games on your TV .
Music sites ( Pandora ) .
Anything on your web can be on your TV .
So yes , this has Flash support .
Advertisement
How about the spec ?
Four components .
• Wi-Fi and Ethernet built in .
• Connect your existing cable of satellite box using HDMI .
It comes with an IR blaster to do control .
You can also use an IP protocol between Google TV and Dish 's satellite box .
• " Plenty of processing power so we can browse the entire web . "
Surround sound , dedicated GPU .
• A keyboard and a pointing device .
Advertisement
>" Our hardware partners have come up with designs that you 'll love . "
So Google is NOT the one making the hardware , as usual .
Advertisement
But you can use your Android phone to control your TV when it 's tethered .
Including voice search .
You can also have multiple remotes tethered simultaneously .
Advertisement
How about if you find a cool website or video on your phone ?
You can then push it directly to the TV and watch it on the TV .
Google is publishing the IP protocol so you can make your OWN remotes for PCs and tablets and make it connect to Google TV .
Advertisement
And here is the keyboard that they were demoing with .
I believe it 's Logitech , but I 'm not 100 % sure .
Advertisement
Here 's the operating system : Android .
The browser is Google Chrome , naturally .
And it has Flash 10.1 plugin for Chrome .
But what 's the deal with Android ?
You can get Android apps on your TV too .
" Soon , you can . "
Advertisement
You can pull up the mobile version of Android Marketplace on Google TV .
" If your application does n't require phone - specific hardware , it should work on Google TV . "
They 're pulling down Pandora , the mobile app .
It runs on Google TV .
Advertisement
You can also download apps from your computer onto your Google TV wirelessly .
Advertisement
Here 's a sample Google TV app.
YouTube Leanback .
It 's customized for you .
It starts up and plays ( you do n't need to browse for anything . )
Your friends ' favorited videos get sent to you , your subscriptions get pushed and other preferences affect what you see .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Bluetooth devices are still interfering with the demo . )
Advertisement
Advertisement
Here 's a very cool closed - captioning translation feature , taking the closed captioning feed and running it through Google Translate .
And now , partners ( hardware makers ) and timelines ( when this is coming to market ) .
Advertisement
There are going to be three Google TV devices .
First , Sony .
They are going to be launching Google TV integrated TVs and integrated Blu-ray players .
Also , Logitech .
They 're going to do a companion box ( set top box ) .
And they will make keyboards and peripherals just for this .
Advertisement
And they 're partnering with Intel to put an Atom in there .
Also , Dish , for an enhanced satellite experience .
It 's going to be sold at Best Buy .
All this will come in Fall 2010 .
You can start enhancing your websites for Google TV now .
They 're bringing Android Market , Google TV SDK and TV Web APIS in Early 2011 .
And open source the code in Summer 2011 .
Advertisement
And here 's Eric Schmidt , CEO of Google .
Also , CEOs of Intel , Sony , Logitech , Dish , Best Buy and Adobe .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sony CEO : " When you beat Apple , you dominate .
New definition . "
Logitech says they 're shipping a remote with a keyboard built into it in Fall 2010 .
" So if you 're one of the 60 million HDTV households you are a target for this product . "
Advertisement
Note : The Best Buy CEO calls his peons " blue shirts . "
Not that you did n't know this already , but our buddies at Orland Kurtenblog posted this excellent superimposition .
Have they considered the possibility that he 's a chameleon ?
Advertisement
Ellen Stagg
" Melting Flesh "
Exhibition : May 22 through June 19 , 2010
Opening Reception : Saturday , May 22nd , 7 to 10 pm Click here for the press release .
Click on thumbnails below to view larger images .
Published online 20 May 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.256
News
A commercial quantum encryption system has been fully hacked for the first time .
A hacker of quantum cryptography can disguise his interference as acceptable levels of noise .
A. Prokhorov/iStockphoto
Quantum cryptography is n't as invincible as many researchers thought : a commercial quantum key has been fully hacked for the first time .
In theory , quantum cryptography — the use of quantum systems to encrypt information securely — is perfectly secure .
It exploits the fact that it is impossible to make measurements of a quantum system without disturbing it in some way .
So , if two people — Alice and Bob , say — produce a shared quantum key to encode their messages , they can be safe in the knowledge that no third party can eavesdrop without introducing errors that will show up when they compare their keys , setting off warning bells .
In practice , however , no quantum cryptographic system is perfect and errors will creep in owing to mundane environmental noise .
Quantum physicists have calculated that as long as the mismatch between Alice 's and Bob 's keys is below a threshold of 20 % , then security has not been breached .
Now , however , quantum physicist Hoi-Kwong Lo and his colleagues at the University of Toronto in Ontario , Canada , have hacked a commercial system released by ID Quantique ( IDQ ) in Geneva , Switzerland , while remaining below the 20 % threshold .
" Even with a relatively simple attack , the hacker can get the complete key , and nobody would know anything about it , " says Lo .
Lo 's hack works by intercepting the bits that Alice sends to Bob while creating the key , and resending a slightly modified version to Bob .
In standard quantum cryptographic techniques , Alice encodes each bit using the polarization of photons .
When she sends these bits out , the polarization should be perfectly oriented in one of four directions , separated by 45 degrees ( north , northeast , east or southeast ) .
In a perfect world , any hacking attempt would disturb a significant fraction of the bits ' orientations , introducing errors just above the threshold .
However , in practice , Alice cannot switch orientations for successive bits instantaneously — each time she wants to send a bit with a new orientation , she has to change the voltage applied to the photon to shift its orientation .
This gives the hacker time to swoop in and hijack the bit before it is sent out to Bob , measure it , and then send it on its way again .
However , if the hacker simply sends the bit to Bob along one of the four orientations that Alice originally defined , the hacker 's presence will be discovered because his measurements will introduce random errors into the system that exceed the 20 % limit .
But Lo 's team has now demonstrated that if the hacker sneakily sends the bits along slightly different directions , the errors introduced by his interference will fall just under the 20 % threshold at 19.7%1 .
Hack attack
" This is not the first time that researchers have claimed to hack quantum cryptographic systems , and it wo n't be the last , " says Grégoire Ribordy , chief executive of IDQ .
Lo 's group performed a partial hack on the IDQ system in 20082 , and other researchers have also demonstrated ways to hack quantum cryptographic systems3 .
However , Ribordy argues that Lo's hack does not threaten the security of IDQ 's commercial product , which contains extra alarms above those included in the version that was sold to Lo 's group a few years ago .
For instance , the current commercial release aborts if errors exceed just 8 % .
Ribordy also notes that an additional alarm would be triggered when the hacker joins the line , momentarily perturbing the system far beyond the 20 % threshold .
However ,
Lo argues that such a heavily alarmed system would be accidentally triggered too often to be practical .
" Even a passing heavy truck would trigger a false alarm , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Quantum hacker Vadim Makarov , at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim , agrees that the hack does not threaten IDQ 's current security .
As Lo and his team did not alert IDQ of the hack in advance , Makarov adds that Lo's team must be careful not to breach the hackers ' unwritten code of ethics , which prescribes that hackers should alert the company to any flaws in its systems before making them public .
" This prevents the bad guys out there from exploiting the published loophole before the vendor has a chance to patch it , or at least alert the users , " he says .
Lo , however , does not agree that publishing his demonstration before contacting the company was unethical , because his group originally published the theory behind the hack in 20074 .
" People have known about this idea for a long time , we have just put it into action , " he says .
" But we have n't done anything destructive to the company — these flaws are very simple to fix . "
In the long run , Lo believes that his work will strengthen quantum cryptography .
" Each time we find a new loophole , it is fairly easy for companies to close them , " he says .
" But we 've shown that all assumptions about security need to be carefully tested . "
Nicolas Gisin , a physicist who is on the board of directors at IDQ , agrees that hackers at research institutes can play an important part in identifying unexpected flaws , which companies can then address before they can be exploited maliciously .
" The success of [ quantum cryptography ] and of IDQ make it inevitable — and actually profitable — to see the emergence of a new community of quantum hackers , " he says .
Copies of Red Dead Redemption that recently shipped to retailers confirm PlayStation 3 versions in North America will include extra content .
see deal Red Dead Redemption : Game of the Year Edition - PlayStation 3 $ 19.99 on Gamestop
PS3 owners will be getting access to " Solomon 's Folly Gang Hideout " and the " Walton Gang Outfit , " according to photos posted on IGN 's forums by user Old_BenKenobi .
Rockstar has not officially announced this content , so we can't say for sure what it all includes exactly .
A recent exchange with a particularly unpleasant member of the international prochavista left resulted in me meditating on the rhetoric and arguments behind the leftist cheerleading of distant regimes .
The individual in question appeared to be a Leninist , which may explain her tone of argument .
In a rather curious piece of rhetoric , she referred to an entirely discredited Libcom thread which led to a poster being banned and denounced by his NEFAC comrades , as well as making a bizarre claim that El Libertario were " right wingers who say they are anarchists in order to fool the left " .
The newspaper also attracted her ire for attacking Chomsky 's sudden softness for Chávez .
How dare us commit sacrilege against such an idol , after all !
We decided against continuing the correspondence with her , partially because it was being conduced via an intermediary , but mostly due to a sense of ennui amongst folk who have been shouted down for 11 years by disingenous hacks repeating the same , tired lies .
However , there was one argument in particular which stuck with me , largely because it has some resonance with some so - called anarchists .
She was in favour of Chávez , she said , because " it is clear that the vast majority of the poorest Venezuelans support the government 's policies " .
Of course , firstly , it is far from clear who supports el proceso and by how much .
In the recent PSUV primaries for this year 's parliamentary elections , only 38 % of the party 's members even bothered to vote , suggesting widespread disillusionment amongst card - carrying members .
Another ( nationwide ) survey implied that there are now ( marginally ) more antichavistas than chavistas ( 32 % to 31 % ) , while 63 % considered that " things are generally going badly " and 62 % actually thought that their problems are getting worse .
Hardly surprising then , that yet another survey puts the figure of expected abstention in November at over half : 51 % .
Now , we all know that polls are not the most reliable of public barometers , and that we have to consider who commissioned them and to what end .
Moreover , it is possible that many people 's minds will change in between now and November : Chávez is certainly hoping that his presentation of the already - mooted meagre minimum wage increase ( covered back in January here ) as a Mayday gift to the nation 's workers , as well as all the nationalist pomp and ceremony around the celebrations of the Venezuelan bicentenary , will push up his ratings .
Noone is quite sure what will happen in November , hence the increased militarisation of chavismo .
My point , however , is this : it is far from clear that " the great majority of the poorest Venezuelans " support the government ; in fact , if anything , the evidence suggests that opinion on him is divided .
Moreover , even if that were to be the case that Chávez counted on the support of the vast majority of the country , that would n't in itself warrant an abandonment of criticism and struggle against the regime .
History is littered with successful populist leaders who have managed to manipulate their subjects .
That , more than anything else , is the art of politics , after all ; the ability to simultaneously gauge and fabricate public opinion , the exact thing that we are struggling against .
So why would someone use a politician 's popularity as an argument for unconditional support ?
One part of this is linked to the ugly , lazy dichotomies which some " anarchists " - especially towards the end which Libcommers have taken to calling " neo-platformists " - manoevre , often under the misnomer of " pragmatism " .
In said dichotomy there only exists two options in a stagnant , inertiatic world : either attempt to dodge the pink elephant in the room by refusing to denounce the populist leader ( after all , would n't wanna offend these folk and their religious conviction in him ) or risk complete alienation by confronting the sacred cow and criticising him .
Like I say , this rather narrow view of world events confines every political landscape into a narrow , pre-prescribed set of events .
Moreover , it requires a sort of doublethink which already belies the proximity of said radicals to the populist ideology : after all , only a chavista could really believe that s/he is a part of a popular movement , and even then , it would demand a certain amount of self - denial ( in the case of El Libertario 's critic , her observations were based on a visit to Venezuela that , as a member of a prochavista organisation , was presumably organised in conjunction with the Venezuelan state ) .
To my mind , accrediting popularity to a populist amounts to something of a self - fulfilling prophesy .
More crucially however , such lines of arguments expose the post - colonial left as the ugly , patronising creature that it really is .
It refers to a worldview - influenced by a clunky , poorly - digested comprehension of developmentalism - in which Westerners are superior in intelligence and education to those folk in Thailand , Venezuela and Africa , which is why Westerners can demand social revolution while the working class in ex-colonies can only demand literacy programmes and state - run healthcare .
Once bolivarianismo et al have failed , then - and only then - will Latin Americans be able to criticise social democracy .
Of course , by that point , the former colonial powers will have developed that much further , so the formerly colonised will have to continue pursuing them on an identical path of development .
However , contrary to the Sims - like world of the leftist cheerleader , the trajectory of developing countries is not identical to that of the developed world .
It is not merely a simple question of charting various stages in an atemporal vacuum .
Today 's developing world has access to 21st century technology , an increased level of global self - awareness and analysis , an elite which lives in an opulence that is comparable - even superior in many ways - to the developed world 's elite , etc .
As a result , the capacity exists within developing countries for cogent analysis , criticism and even struggle against populism .
Whereas populism and weak infrastructure can be an obstacle to autonomous political activity in , say , Palestine , in places such as Mexico and South Africa , continued poverty and scarcity have merely served to radicalise workers and social movements .
In Venezuela , there is an anarchist community , mainly based around - but not limited to - the El Libertario newspaper .
More importantly , there is a growing number of strikes , demonstrations and social struggles over housing , food shortages , workers ' rights , and many more issues .
The assertion that the nation is united behind chavismo can be attributed to either despicable disingenuity or hopeless naivete , while the blanket recourse to blanket cultural relativism with regards to developing world populists represents a sort of noble savage - era condescension which borders on racism .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - Mexico joined a legal challenge to Arizona ’s controversial new immigration law on Tuesday , arguing that the measure is unconstitutional and would harm bilateral relations with the United States .
The Arizona law , which takes effect on July 29 , makes it a crime to be in the state illegally .
It requires state and local police , during lawful contact , to determine the immigration status of any person they suspect is in the country illegally .
It has been challenged in five separate lawsuits filed in federal courts in Arizona by civil rights and religious groups as well as two local police officers .
Plaintiffs say the law is unconstitutional and a mandate for racial profiling .
In a legal brief supporting one of the lawsuits , Mexico argued that the measure is unconstitutional and “ raises substantial challenges to the bilateral diplomatic relations between Mexico and the U.S. ”
More than 20 million Mexican workers , tourists and students were lawfully allowed into the United States throughout 2009 , said the brief , and the government is worried Mexicans will be discriminated against because of racial profiling .
“ Mexico is gravely concerned that ( Arizona ’s law ) will lead to ... detentions of Mexican citizens without regard to whether they have taken any actions or exhibited any behavior indicating they are guilty of a crime , ” the brief said .
U.S. President Barack Obama has also criticized the law and the U.S. Justice Department is reviewing whether or not it will raise its own challenge .
Polls show the state law is backed by a solid majority of American voters , many who fear increasing drug trafficking and human smuggling over the U.S. - Mexico border .
Tesla Motors CEO
Elon
Musk seems to have it all .
The electric - car entrepreneur is the toast of Silicon Valley , Sacramento , and Tokyo after unveiling a plan to revive Toyota ’s shuttered NUMMI plant last week .
And deal - hungry Wall Street bankers are angling to take his company public .
He ’s even a Hollywood star , with a cameo in the hit Iron Man 2 movie , said to be based on his life story .
The one thing he does n’t have , by his own admission , is money .
“ About four months ago , I ran out of cash , ” he wrote in a court filing dated Feb. 23 , reviewed by VentureBeat .
That ’s a problem not just for him but for Tesla , where he is the lead investor and chief product architect , as well as CEO .
Musk ’s willingness to funnel his own cash into Tesla has for years sustained the faith of fellow investors and reassured would - be car buyers in 2008 when the company ’s finances were in perilous shape .
According to the filing — part of his pending divorce case from sci-fi novelist Justine Musk — Elon Musk has been living off personal loans from friends since October 2009 and spending $ 200,000 a month while making far less .
Musk confirmed this in an interview with VentureBeat .
Tesla , likewise , is dealing with its cash flow problems by borrowing money from a friendly source — the United States government , which has eagerly backed cleantech startups through a Department of Energy loan program .
Tesla burned through $ 37 million in cash in the last three months of 2009 , according to amended S - 1 documents , filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission in preparation for its IPO .
Tesla slowed this burn rate in the first quarter of 2010 to $ 8.4 million , but only by drawing down part of a $ 465 million loan from the DOE , while reporting a net loss of $ 29.5 million .
Tesla ’s sales were flat year - over - year in the first quarter , but declined precipitously in the U.S. , according to a former Tesla executive .
Now , Toyota has agreed to buy $ 50 million in shares at the time of Tesla ’s initial public offering — if it manages to go public before Dec. 31 .
But for now , the company does n’t have access to that promised cash , and must pay $ 42 million to buy the NUMMI plant in Fremont , Calif. , from a Toyota - General Motors joint venture .
Only one thing is certain : Tesla ’s not getting more money from Musk .
Divorced from his fortune
Musk was Tesla ’s first investor , and he kept the company afloat until recently through round after round of funding .
After a Tesla employee leaked word in October 2008 to a reporter that the company was down to its last $ 9 million in cash , Musk promised to personally refund car buyers ’ deposits if Tesla could n’t deliver the vehicles — a promise he made in the pages of Car & Driver .
At that time , those deposits — which Tesla calls “ reservation payments ” — were an important source of cash for the company .
And throughout Tesla ’s history , Musk has used his entrepreneurial legend — Zip2 , sold for $ 305 million to Compaq ; PayPal , sold to eBay for $ 1.5 billion — to bolster his credibility as a technology executive .
Musk ’s personal take from Zip2 was a reported $ 22 million , much of which he invested in his next startup , PayPal , netting $ 160 million when eBay bought the online - payments startup .
According to filings in his divorce trial , he had roughly $ 48 million in income from his investments between 2005 and 2008 .
But he sunk much of that money back into Tesla , as well as his other enterprises , the space - exploration concern SpaceX and solar panel finance startup SolarCity .
His finances were not always so strained .
In other documents filed in the divorce case , Musk reportedly made $ 9,551,753 in 2008 and an average of $ 17.2 million a year from 2005 to 2008 .
As of Dec. 31 , 2008 , he also had extensive holdings in venture capital and private equity partnerships , ranging from Softbank Technology Ventures to Charles River Ventures to Clarium Capital .
These partnerships , however , tend to be highly illiquid investments :
It can take months to get out of them because you have to find a sophisticated buyer willing to bear the risks of a private sale .
As he ran low on cash , a contentious divorce — in which his ex-wife , Justine Musk , is seeking a sizable chunk of Musk ’s holdings — caused him more financial problems .
Justine Musk is asking a court to rip up a post - nuptial agreement she and Elon Musk signed in March 2000 , which could in theory lead to much of his holdings being deemed community property .
While there ’s no telling how the case will turn out — it has already gone to appeal — more important is the protective order the court has slapped on Musk ’s holdings in Tesla and his other illiquid assets .
These include his stakes in private equity funds .
He wo n’t be able to sell significant holdings without first getting permission from his ex-wife .
And he has also been ordered by a court to continue paying her legal fees for the duration of the lengthy appeal process .
Refueling Tesla ’s cash
Musk still owns roughly a third of Tesla — some 81 million shares out of approximately 250 million outstanding , according to the company ’s filings .
But keeping his ownership stake that high has come at a cost .
In November 2007 , in order to wield enough voting power to oust Tesla co-founder Martin Eberhard as CEO , he converted 8 million of his preferred shares into common shares .
Two months later , Musk participated in a bridge loan to rebuff a separate effort by VantagePoint Venture Partners , a significant investor , to lead a deal that would have seriously diluted Musk ’s control .
VantagePoint partner Jim Marver left Tesla ’s board as a result .
From the perspective of Musk ’s board allies , the move steadied the company at a time of significant employee turnover and potential loss of morale .
( A VantagePoint spokesman declined to comment on Tesla board matters . )
The moves kept Musk in control of Tesla , but it also meant that his stake kept getting diluted in subsequent financing rounds .
( Preferred shares often hold anti-dilution rights , but common shares typically do not . )
And there were many subsequent rounds , including a highly dilutive convertible debt round in 2008 .
The first sign of trouble came last fall , when Musk , for the first time , did not participate in a financing round for Tesla .
The company has not disclosed Musk ’s lack of financial liquidity or the potential implications of his divorce case in its filings — only that it is highly dependent on Musk ’s services .
Tesla has also begun reimbursing Musk for his private - jet flights , an expense he previously paid out of pocket .
And while Tesla pays Musk only a minimal salary , its board awarded him 6.7 million stock options in December 2009 — the first time he has taken this kind of equity as compensation .
It seems that Musk ’s compensation from Tesla has increased since his personal finances became an issue .
A matter of disclosure
Should Tesla have mentioned all these facts in its S - 1 filings ?
Eric
Talley , a professor of law at Berkeley and co-director of the Berkeley Center for Law , Business , and the Economy , notes that Section 11 of the 1933 Securities
Act requires that companies registering to go public not make materially misleading statements or omissions .
But it ’s far from clear what ’s material in these cases , he said : “ It ’s not a black and white rule . ”
A longtime observer of the company thinks the state of Musk ’s finances is worth disclosing .
“ It ’s up to the courts to decide , but this feels like material information , ” said Dallas Kachan , managing partner of Kachan & Co. , a cleantech research and analysis consultancy which follows Tesla .
The easiest way for Musk to get out of debt to his friends and settle accounts with his ex-wife would be for Tesla to go public and for Musk to unload much of his stake .
After an IPO , his shares of Tesla would become a readily sold asset — except for the protective orders in his divorce case and a requirement of the DOE loan that Musk hold onto a certain percentage of his shareholdings until some time after units of Tesla ’s forthcoming Model S start rolling off the NUMMI assembly line .
Asked to comment on whether Tesla ’s disclosures so far have been adequate , John Heine , deputy director of the Security & Exchange Commission ’s Office of Public Affairs , said his agency does not comment on companies with pending registrations to the press .
Ricardo Reyes , a spokesman for Tesla Motors , has previously said the company had no plans to revise its filings with the SEC to reflect the possible impact of Musk ’s divorce as a risk factor .
Should the company have said more ?
Perhaps , argues one observer .
“ Transparency is thought to be a good thing for the operation of capital markets , ” said Talley , the Berkeley law professor .
“ Bare compliance with SEC rules is n’t enough . ”
Here are the documents detailing Musk ’s finances :
http://viewer.docstoc.com/
Elon Musk ’s Finances –
[ Photo : Steve Jurvetson ]
We want now to examine some very well established ways of not getting a PhD .
While most examples in this chapter are drawn from business studies , in our experience , these tried and tested ways of failing apply to all fields and have to be pondered continually by research students .
You have to be clear what your position is on each of the seven ways of failing that we shall discuss if you are not to fall foul of the traps they offer .
And as we shall see , just to have them pointed out to you is not enough to avoid them .
Most offer real blandishments that have to be determinedly resisted .
Not wanting a PhD
The first method of not getting a PhD is not to want a PhD .
This may seem very strange , considering that a student is likely to be ' starving in a garret ' , living on a studentship pittance , perhaps having given up a job in order to study , or relying on the earnings of a spouse to put them through the course .
At the very least , you will be devoting a great deal of time and effort and energy to research .
Surely , you might say , considering what I am giving up to the project , can there be any doubt that I really want a PhD ?
Well , strangely enough , there can be .
We think an analogy would help here .
It is the case , is n't it , that none of us , research students and research supervisors , want to become millionaires ?
We should quite like it if someone gave us a million pounds and we did n't have to do anything for it , not even buy a lottery ticket - that would sound like a good idea .
But we do n't want to set out to become millionaires .
Obviously we do n't ; otherwise we would n't be considering how to do research and get PhDs - we would be considering how to build a better mousetrap , how to play the property market , how to write a bestselling book .
There are many ways of making a million pounds , but doing a PhD is not likely to be one of them .
Exactly the same phenomenon occurs in regard to PhDs .
People think it would be a nice idea to do a PhD , they come with views of what they want to do and then they turn round and say : ' Please can I have a PhD for it ? '
And the answer is often ' No ' .
PhDs are given for a particular form of research activity and if you do not wish to carry out this form of work then you effectively do not want to do a PhD .
It is precisely the same distinction as that between hoping to become a millionaire and setting out to make a million pounds .
Clearly the purpose of this book is to help you to set out to obtain a PhD ; and for this you need a degree of single - mindedness , a willingness to discover what is realistically required , and a determination to carry it out .
This is the sense in which you must want a PhD .
And this ' wanting ' is important in that it has to work very hard for you .
For example , it has to carry you through occasions when what you are doing may seem very pointless or fruitless , or when you ask yourself the question ' Why have I got myself into this ? ' or ' Why am I inflicting this on my family ? '
You cannot expect with an activity as demanding as doing a PhD that the intrinsic satisfaction ( such as the interest of doing the research , the enjoyment of discussing your subject with other like - minded researchers ) will be sufficient on its own to carry you through .
You must always have a clear eye on the extrinsic satisfactions ( your commitment to the whole exercise of doing a PhD , its necessary place in your career progression , and so on ) ; you must want to do it .
There are , unfortunately , many who turn up as beginning PhD students who do not want to do a PhD in this sense .
Particularly vulnerable are those who are using the PhD process as a vehicle for a career change :
· Iris , a teacher for many years , developed an interest in a particular specialism ( multi-ethnic curriculum development ) and thought she would like to do research in order to establish herself in this new subject .
She found that doing research was taking her farther and farther away from dealing with what she saw as the real issues of pupils in the classroom in favour of a measurement - orientated form of ' science ' to which she was unsympathetic .
She left .
· Jim was a journalist specializing in industrial issues .
He wanted an academic career and started a PhD on a politically topical issue .
He continued to write occasional newspaper articles to earn money as a student .
After producing a series of articles as his inadequate research proposal , his supervisor told him he had to design a questionnaire .
He did so and got a group of managers to complete it , but he never analysed it - he said that he did n't see the point .
And , of course , there was no point - for him .
He withdrew .
Not understanding the nature of a PhD by overestimating what is required
The words used to describe the outcome of a PhD project -' an original contribution to knowledge ' - may sound rather grand , but we must remember that , the work for the degree is essentially a research training process and the term ' original contribution ' has perforce to be interpreted quite narrowly .
It does not mean an enormous breakthrough which has the subject rocking on its foundations , and research students who think that it does ( even if only subconsciously or in a half - formed way ) will find the process pretty debilitating .
Of course , if you are capable of a major contribution then go ahead and make it ( there are still , for example , a few scientists who have an FRS but not a PhD ) - but this is a strategy for getting an honorary degree , not for getting a PhD !
For those not in that position - i.e. most of us - an original contribution can be rather limited in its scope and indeed should be : apply this theory in a different setting , evaluate the effects of raising the temperature , solve this puzzling oddity or review this little - known historical event .
We find that when we make this point , some social science students who have read Kuhn 's ( 1970 ) work on ' paradigm shifts ' in the history of natural science ( science students have normally not heard of him ) say rather indignantly : ' Oh , do you mean a PhD has to be just doing normal science ? '
And indeed we do mean that .
Paradigm shifts are major changes in the explanatory schemes of the science , which happen only rarely when the inadequacies of the previous framework have become more and more limiting .
Normal science is the ordinary research that goes on between major theoretical changes .
It serves to elaborate the general explanatory paradigm used and to tease out difficulties and puzzles that are not yet sufficiently well explained .
It is the basic useful activity of scientists and scholars , and PhD students should be pleased to make a contribution to it .
You can leave the paradigm shifts for after your PhD .
And , empirically , that is indeed what happens .
The theory of relativity ( a classic example of a paradigm shift in relation to post - Newtonian physics ) was not Einstein 's PhD thesis ( that was a sensible contribution to Brownian motion theory ) .
Das Kapital was not Marx's PhD ( that was on the theories of two little - known Greek philosophers ) .
Of course , while doing their PhDs Einstein and Marx were undoubtedly preparing themselves for the great questionings that led to the big shifts , but they were also demonstrating their fully professional mastery of the established paradigms .
It is this professionalism that the PhD is about .
To think it is more than that can be very debilitating .
You can wait for a long time for a new paradigm to strike .
Overestimating is a powerful way of not getting a PhD .
Here are two classic cases :
· Bob insisted that it would not be ' real ' research if he read up in books and journals what others had done on the problem that he wished to tackle ; his thinking would be entirely shaped by what they had done and he would only be able to add something minor .
He felt that his only chance of being really innovative was not to read anything further in the field ( he had a bachelor 's and a relevant master 's degree in the subject ) but to sit down and design an investigation into the problem he was proposing to research ( concerned with adult learning of skills ) , which he knew well from a practical point of view as an industrial trainer .
This took quite a long time , as his knowledge of research methods was not that strong .
When he did present his proposal to Dr Bishop , his supervisor , she was not impressed .
As this field was not her own particular speciality , Dr Bishop went to the library and looked up all the current year 's issues of the relevant journals .
In one of them she found a paper reporting a study on Bob 's topic that ( not surprisingly , since it was completed and published ) was considerably better than Bob 's attempt .
She used this paper to support her argument that he would have to make a comprehensive search of relevant published material if he were to have a chance of designing an adequate study which would make a contribution .
But Bob saw this as a negation of what he wanted to do and withdrew .
· While Phil was carrying out the fieldwork stage of his research into the motivation of managers , he became very involved with his subjects .
He felt that it would be a betrayal if they were to get no benefit from his research because it was written up in a dull academic book that no one would read .
Most research was like that , Phil maintained , and was therefore neglected by everyone except the next lot of researchers .
What was needed was a research report that could really communicate .
Why could n't we have a PhD thesis that would read like a novel so that it would become accessible ?
Phil took this idea very seriously .
He wrote to a novelist whose works he admired for some suggestions on how to write his thesis .
He took an extra year to write up the material , letting no one see anything on the way , on the grounds that you do n't show a novel to anyone until it is completed .
When he did finally present his complete thesis , his supervisor thought it was inadequate , unrigorous and indulgently subjective .
Phil was asked to rewrite it , but he refused and thus did not get a PhD .
We hasten to emphasize that this example is not intended to deprecate writing research results for lay people , a very necessary activity that all researchers should take seriously .
It is about overestimating what can be done with a PhD and therefore falling flat on your face .
Nor does it mean that in writing for your academic peers you should neglect clear expression and interesting presentation .
Not understanding the nature of a PhD by underestimating what is required
Underestimating what is required is , we find , particularly a problem for those researching part - time and continuing in their jobs , and for those coming back to academic life after a long period in the ' real world ' , as they see it .
It is basically the difficulty of understanding what is meant by ' research ' , since the word is used much more strictly in the academic than in the non-academic sphere .
We shall discuss the nature of research activity in later in this book , but here we can just note that the lay person 's view that ' research is finding out something you do n't know ' is not adequate : that most of the activities described as ' market research ' or ' research for a TV programme ' do not fulfil the criteria of research required for a PhD .
PhD research requires a contribution to the analysis and explanation of the topic , not just description .
It requires an understanding that it is as important a part of the research process to fashion the questions properly as it is to develop interesting answers .
It is an underestimation of what is required to accept a ' lay ' formulation of either questions or answers - even if they somehow appear more ' relevant ' - and it is a clear way of not getting a PhD .
Here are two examples :
· Tom was a management consultant who decided to take a three - year sabbatical in order to do a PhD and thus enhance his marketability .
He had noted in his job that the time horizons that managers used when making decisions affected the decisions made , and he decided to do his research on this topic , to explore ways of helping managers make better decisions .
He took a typical consultant 's approach , going round to a number of managers and talking to them about their decision - making problems .
He wrote up some particular cases , some particular problems , and some suggestions for getting better decisions made .
After some months , a few of his clients with whom he had kept in touch and who knew of his new interest began to ask him for help and advice in improving decision - making in their firms .
Tom felt that he helped them and therefore that his work was on the right lines .
What he wanted to do was write up his knowledge and experience on managers ' time horizons , present this as his PhD thesis , publish it as a book , and henceforth be an authority on this subject , thus obtaining more consulting opportunities .
It took until the end of his first year to convince
Tom that , while his approach was a sensible career strategy in itself and his consulting opportunities would certainly improve if he published a book that was interesting and useful to managers , it was not a strategy for obtaining a PhD .
His approach seriously underestimated what was required , and he was not doing research in the terms which are necessary for a PhD .
When Tom accepted this , he decided that in that case a PhD was not worth doing anyway , and withdrew .
· Chris was a financial manager who thought that a research degree would be a good insurance should he wish in the future to become a management lecturer .
He wanted to do his research on the financial control systems of his firm , about which he naturally knew a very great deal .
He thought that it would be easy to do some research into a topic on which he was one of the experts , but he seriously underestimated the fact that research means finding good questions as well as good answers .
Chris was not able to formulate research questions very well himself ; when his supervisor began suggesting a number of questions that he might investigate , he would take them up enthusiastically in discussion and give ' the answer ' as he knew it to be .
After treating a series of possible topics in this way , it became clear that he really did not have any need to do research since he knew all the answers anyway - at least at a level that satisfied him .
After it was borne in on him that research requires actively challenging old explanations and finding new ones if necessary , his enthusiasm waned and he dropped out .
Not having a supervisor who knows what a PhD requires
If it is important for a student not to over - or underestimate the nature of a PhD , it is equally important to have a supervisor who does not do so .
We shall be discussing issues of supervision in detail later , and so here we will just point out that : first , inadequate supervision is a major cause of not getting a PhD ; and second , since the penalties to students of not succeeding are much greater than to their supervisors , in the end it is up to determined students to get the supervision they need and are entitled to .
· Sophia came to Britain on a government scholarship from a country that has little tradition of empirical research in her field .
She was allocated to a supervisor who had good practical experience but who had not in fact done any research himself .
She worked away by herself , with occasional comments from him that he thought a particular section very interesting .
But he had badly underestimated the nature of a PhD .
When she submitted her thesis the external examiner said that , in his opinion , it was so completely inadequate that there was no point in having the oral examination or in allowing a resubmission .
She returned to her country sadder , if not wiser .
· Professor Shepherd is a supervisor very few of whose students finish their PhDs .
This is surprising , because he is a well known academic in his field , has a lively intelligence and an outgoing personality - which is why he continues to attract students to supervise .
But Professor
Shepherd believes in treating research students as adults , as he puts it - forgetting that students are babes , in research terms !
He believes that it is the supervisor 's job to challenge his students , to shake them up mentally , to bombard them with new ideas .
He goes on doing this throughout the duration of the research , even when more convergence , more limitations are required to complete the study .
Because of this overestimation , many students find they have taken on too large a project , which they do not see becoming more focused .
They get disheartened and drop out .
Losing contact with your supervisor
As we said above , the penalties of failure are greater for the student than for the supervisor .
The relationship is not one of equality , so the student has to work harder to keep in touch with the supervisor than the other way around .
The nature of the PhD process requires continual input from the supervisor if the student is to learn the craft of research and how to apply it to the particular topic under study .
The details of managing this interaction fruitfully on both sides are covered later in this book .
Here we will just illustrate the inevitably catastrophic effect which results if contact is lost .
· Tony got bogged down 18 months into his project .
After a long session with his supervisor he decided that he wanted to change direction .
His supervisor said that it was impossible to do so at this stage and he should carry on - even though it was now clear that more work would be required than originally envisaged , with a weaker outcome anyway .
Tony did not agree and tried to persuade his supervisor to allow greater modifications .
His supervisor explained that this was not sensible within the available timescale , and pressed him to carry on with the original design .
They saw each other less and less because Tony felt that they were talking at cross-purposes .
After four months they ceased to have any meetings ; after six months
Tony was observed rushing into a lecture room to avoid his supervisor whom he saw coming towards him along the corridor .
He never submitted his thesis .
· David 's supervisor , Professor Dickinson , was one of the leading academics in Britain in her field .
She died tragically when David was at the end of his second year .
His supervision was taken over by an experienced researcher whose range of concerns was different and who had only a general interest in David 's topic .
David did not think it necessary to tell his new supervisor in any detail what he was doing , having it clear in his mind that Professor Dickinson would have given her approval .
He thus worked without supervision for a further 18 months .
When he came to submit his thesis the examiners felt that he had suffered from lack of supervision , which in the circumstances should be taken into account , but that they could award him only an MPhil , not a PhD .
He appealed , but in due course the university confirmed the decision .
David 's enforced change of supervisor was due to a particularly tragic event .
Supervisors leave for happier reasons too , and often it is necessary to be handed on to another supervisor .
In these circumstances it is particularly incumbent on the student to make good contact with the new supervisor , whose knowledge and skills are a crucial input to getting a PhD .
Not having a thesis
Words develop in meaning , and the word ' thesis ' is nowadays commonly used to refer to the project report of the research undertaken for the PhD .
Thus the regulations of your university may say that your thesis may be not more than a certain number of words in length , that it must be presented in black / blue / red binding , and so on .
( Incidentally , these regulations differ for different institutions and they also change over time , so it is important for you to check those which apply to you . )
But there is an earlier use of the word ' thesis ' that is very important to the task of obtaining a PhD .
A thesis in this sense is something that you wish to argue , a position that you wish to maintain ( the word ' thesis ' derives from the Greek for ' place ' ) .
For example , the Reformation began when Martin Luther nailed a list of 95 theses to the door of Wittenberg church - statements of his beliefs , which he wished to maintain against the Roman Church of that time .
C. P. Snow propounded the thesis that British intellectuals inhabit two separate cultures - literary and scientific - which hardly overlap .
It is our thesis that it is crucial for students wanting to obtain a PhD that they understand fully the objectives of the exercise and the nature of the processes involved , which is why we have written this book .
Your PhD must have a thesis in this sense .
It must argue a position .
At the minimum this means that the study must have a ' story line ' , a coherent thrust which pushes along an argument , an explanation , a systematic set of inferences derived from new data or new ways of viewing current data .
Often , when trying to come to grips with the tough - minded pruning of material that this involves , you will feel that you are losing useful data , or important points .
But relevance to the argument is the stern criterion .
Your thesis has to organize data to increase the richness of your work , and focus argument to increase its cogency .
It is not enough for your thesis report to be ' a short trot with a cultured mind ' .
It may be that the thesis you are arguing has been decomposed into a number of ' hypo - theses ' ( usually pronounced hypotheses ) each of which will be tested for its adequacy .
In this case you must relate them to each other to maintain the general thrust of your argument .
If you are not working in the hypothesis - testing mode you must still ensure that your discussions add up to a coherent argument .
This is how the adequacy of your contribution is judged .
As with all the other ways of not getting a PhD , this is easier to say than to do , particularly if you do not have good guidance in the early stages of your research , when the temptation to spread yourself too widely and too thinly is greatest .
· Harry started out to study factors affecting industrial marketing strategies .
This is a large field and he was able to tackle the issues only rather superficially .
Some of the chapters in his thesis report made some good points , others were rather poor , but none of the aspects was at all related to the others in a cumulative way .
The examiners said that his thesis ' did not add up to anything ' and rejected it .
· Graham was the administrator of a voluntary organization .
He registered for a PhD because he felt that not enough was known about how to manage such organizations ; more research was needed to make administrators in this field more professional .
He spent his first year reading a great deal about administration and thinking how the ideas could be applied to help administrators in voluntary organizations .
When he was asked how his research could help them , he said that he wanted to write a textbook describing good administrative practices .
There then followed a long period of trying to get through to him that without a thesis his work would not earn a PhD , though it might well be a useful thing to do in itself .
In the end he reluctantly accepted this .
We must emphasize that it is not the notion of a textbook per se that makes it inadequate for a PhD but the lack of a thesis .
A textbook which incorporated a well argued , justified thesis - for example , that accepted views are inadequate when the data are critically re-examined , or that the field can be reinterpreted fruitfully in the light of a new theory - would be very acceptable .
Taking a new job before finishing
Doing a PhD is an intellectually demanding enterprise , and this is true at all stages of the work .
It is especially true of the final stage of writing up .
Most students radically underestimate the amount of time and effort that this stage will require .
They somehow think that having surveyed the field , designed the study , collected and analysed the data , it is downhill from then on to the presentation of the thesis .
It is not so .
Writing up demands the most concentrated effort of the whole process .
There are a number of reasons for this .
The first is emotional : it is difficult to avoid feeling that this is a chore , after the ' real ' work has been done .
There are always ambivalent feelings about the study itself and a barely suppressed desire to run away from it all , now that the data are actually there for others to see .
The second reason is intellectual : unless you are extremely lucky and everything turns out exactly as planned , there will at this stage be quite a lot of adjustment to be done in your argument , in your interpretation , in your presentation , to put the best face on the material you have available .
This is an extremely demanding test of professional competence , and it is in fact at this stage that you have really to demonstrate that you are worth a PhD .
There is a third reason concerned with limitations in writing skill and experience .
Few students have written anything as long as a PhD thesis before , and to complete it requires a considerable effort .
For all these reasons , writing up is not the time to take a new job .
Apart from the physical dislocation , which makes intellectual work difficult and therefore easily postponed , a new job is likely to require you to concentrate your attention on a new range of issues , which , particularly if they are academic ones , will inevitably get in the way of writing up , through intellectual fatigue .
The only job it is possible to do , perhaps one which you are doing already or have done before , is one which allows you to operate in ' intellectual overdrive ' .
Taking a new job before finishing is a way of not getting a PhD .
At the very least it will put off completion for several years ( in our experience six to eight years and more ) , until the intellectual learning curve of the new job allows it - or else you join the ranks of those whom the Americans call the ' ABDs ' : the ' all - but - dissertation ' brigade .
Action summary
Be aware of the seven ways of not getting a PhD :
· not wanting a PhD ; · overestimating what is required ; · underestimating what is required ; · having a supervisor who does not know what is required ; · losing contact with your supervisor ; · not having a ' thesis ' ( i.e. position , argument ) to maintain ; · taking a new job before completing .
Work to understand the implications of these traps fully in your own situation and determine not to succumb to them .
Re-establish your determination regularly when blandishments to stray from your programme of work recur .
Cat Woman is on the prowl .
A serial stickup artist with a penchant for disguises — including a cat mask — has sunk her claws into shoe and beauty stores in Manhattan and Queens , The Post has learned .
The last two hits by the sleek , amber - eyed thief took place last week — targeting the high - end Arche shoe store on Astor Place in the East Village on Thursday and The Body Shop in Forest Hills , Queens , the next day .
In the strike at Arche , which was caught on video , the slick thief donned a cat mask , the source said .
According to the source , the lithe 5 - foot - 6 , 115 pound thief , described in a wanted poster as possibly Middle Eastern , strode into the store at around 1:30 p.m .
She prowled for about 45 minutes before donning her disguise and pouncing on a sales clerk .
“ Give me the money .
I have a gun , ” read a note Cat Woman passed to the worker , according to the source .
She got her paws on $ 86 in cash and scampered off , the source said .
A day later , Cat Woman turned into the Burqa Bandit , wrapping a black scarf over her head .
According to the source , she strode into The Body Shop on Austin Street and Continental Avenue in Queens at 12:50 p.m. and barked out her order to hand over some cash , the source said .
She fled with $ 500 .
john.doyle@nypost.com
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Mainstream medicine has a huge new growth industry underway -- the " medicalization " of the human condition .
That 's the conclusion of a study headed by Brandeis University sociologist Peter Conrad that was just published in the journal .
The report , the first study of its kind , documents that over the last several decades , numerous common problems -- many of which are simply due to being human -- have been newly defined as medical disorders that supposedly need prescription drugs and other costly treatments .
For example , menopause is a perfectly natural part of womanhood but it is now considered a " condition " complete with symptoms that physicians often believe need treatment with hormones and anti-depressants .
Likewise , normal pregnancies , taking longer - than - average time to get pregnant and impotence ( now known by the medical term " erectile dysfunction " ) are all now seen as medical conditions that may need intense medical monitoring and treatment .
And if a child fidgets in class -- bingo !
He or she is frequently classified as having Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) and quickly placed on stimulant drugs like RitalinConrad and his colleagues used national data to estimate the costs of these and other common conditions -- including anxiety and behavioral disorders ; worries over body image ; male pattern baldness ; normal sadness ; being overweight ; difficulty in sleeping through the night and substance - related disorders .
In order to document what role medicalizing these problems could be playing in escalating U.S. healthcare spending , the Brandeis research team evaluated current data showing just how much medical spending results from the diagnosing and treatment of these " conditions " .
Their findings ?
The researchers concluded there is a strong and undeniable trend toward a medicalization of human conditions , with a constantly increasing number of medical diagnoses and treatments for behavioral problems and what the researchers called " normal life events " .
When they analyzed payments to hospitals , pharmacies , doctors and other health care providers for medical treatments of these medicalized conditions , the researchers discovered that the costs accounted for $ 77.1 billion in medical spending in 2005 .
That amounts to almost 4 percent of the total U.S. healthcare expenditures .
Conrad said in a statement to the press .
Conrad added that medicalization of human problems may have several causes , including increased consumer demands for medical solutions and Big Pharma 's expanding markets for drugs .
" By estimating the amount spent on medicalized human problems , we 've raised the obvious question as to whether this spending is ' appropriate ' .
The next question is whether we can more directly evaluate the appropriateness of these medical interventions and consider policies that curb the growth or even shrink the amount of spending on some medicalized conditions , " Conrad said in the press statement .
Sherry Baker is a widely published writer whose work has appeared in Newsweek , Health , the Atlanta Journal and Constitution , Yoga Journal , Optometry , Atlanta , Arthritis Today , Natural Healing Newsletter , OMNI , UCLA 's " Healthy Years " newsletter , Mount Sinai School of Medicine 's " Focus on Health Aging " newsletter , the Cleveland Clinic 's " Men 's Health Advisor " newsletter and many others .
Throughout the course of gaming , advertisers have always wanted to give gamers a sense of how the game feels -- and they have to do it without using the actual game .
Many of these commercials are produced long before the game 's gone gold .
So what to do ?
Live action video game commercials -- they 're as tricky as they sound , and they can go very , very wrong .
But when they go right , they can make the game 's sales skyrocket .
So of course , we 've put together some of the best live action video game commercials we could find !
Whether looking at the Destiny live action game trailer , or the trailer for Sleeping Dogs , you always get a sense that you know exactly what this world is about , which is what the best video game trailers should do .
Others , particularly those in the early days of gaming , do n't quite know what they had , but they have a campiness to it that you just can't help but love , putting them down as some of the best live action game trailers just for history 's sake .
So take a look at our list of the greatest live action game trailers ever , and vote for your favorites !
Then , check out some of our other video game lists to see what you should be playing next !
A completely fair and balanced comparison of php json libraries
Disclaimer : I 'm biased
*** NOTE *** an updated version of this comparison has been published here on the 25th of April , 2007
The recent release of php 5.2.0 , which includes by default an extension for converting php values from and to the JSON format , is a good occasion for comparing the different existing php libraries which aim to provide the same capabilities .
The JSON homepage lists quite a few php libraries , but only 4 are in fact available for download and look stable and maintained :
The second one was ( to the best of my knowledge ) the first implementation of JSON in PHP .
Its inclusion in PEAR is a guarantee of stability and quality of code .
The third one is more recent , but it is backed up by the company behind the PHP engine , and is part of a framework of components that is very fashionable at the moment and will probably see widespread adoption in the future .
The fourth one was built to add support for the json-rpc protocol to an existing xmlrpc implementation , and later expanded to better handle plain json .
The json parsing code was originally taken from the Pear lib and incrementally improved .
The comparison revolves around 4 sections : features matrix , code examples , execution speed and encoding / decoding test results .
All comparisons have been carried out on the most recent code available as of the beginning of November 2006 ( read : CVS or unstable versions used where available )
Feature matrix
This list is quite subjective both on the choice of features looked for and in the evaluation of their implementation .
I will gladly accept any correction .
Feature PHP Json Pear Json Zend json XmlRpc json Version 1.2.1 2006/03/31 1.31 2006/06/28 20061105-1470 CVS
Id 1.25 2006/11/05 PHP version compatibility 4 ( for windows the dll for php 4.3 and above is availabale on pecl4win ) , 5 4.0.6 , 5 5 4.2 , 5 PHP files used 0 1 6 2 Encodes to 7 - bit ASCII clean JSON strings , using unicode escape sequences Yes Yes No Yes Supports encoding php strings from different charsets Assumes UTF - 8 Assumes UTF - 8
Does not convert string data : it is up to the user to take care about conversion to the desired charset UTF - 8 , ISO - 8859-1 , ASCII Supports decoding JSON data that has not an an array or object as top level element No Yes Yes Yes Supports decoding JSON objects as either php arrays or objects
Yes Yes Yes Yes Supports distinguishing a failed decoding from decoding a single NULL value Yes ( single NULL value cannot be decoded )
No Yes ( exception thrown ) Yes Supports decoding JSON to different charsets Only UTF - 8 UTF - 8 , ISO - 8859-1 , ASCII Supports features of Javascript outside the scope of JSON None : only data in accord with the Json spec is accepted Parses almost everything as valid ( within an array ) Some Tries to mimic the behaviour of common web browsers js engines ;
keeps type information for float and integer php values ( a float value of 1.0 will be encoded ad later decoded by the lib as float , even though in js only ' numbers ' exists )
Extra features Provides a compatibility layer that implement the same API as the PHP native json extension ;
adds support for the json-rpc webservice dialect
Code samples
Goal PHP Json Pear Json Zend json XmlRpc json Encode a php value to JSON string $ out = json_encode ( $data ) ; $ value = new Services_JSON ( ) ; $ out = $ value -> encode ( $ data ) ; $ out = Zend_Json : : encode ( $ data ) ; $ value = php_jsonrpc_encode ( $data ) ; $ out = $ value -> serialize ( ) ;
Decode a JSON string to PHP value ( Json objects as php objects ) $ out = json_decode ( $ data ) ; $ value = new Services_JSON ( ) ; $ out = $ value -> decode ( $ data ) ; try { $ out = Zend_Json : : decode ( $data , Zend_Json : : TYPE_OBJECT ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { } $ value = php_jsonrpc_decode_json( $data ) ; if ( $ value ) $ out = php_jsonrpc_decode ( $ value , array ( ' decode_php_objs ' ) ) ;
Decode a JSON string to PHP value ( Json objects as php arrays ) $ out = json_decode ( $data , true ) ; $ value = new Services_JSON( SERVICES_JSON_LOOSE_TYPE ) ; $ out = $ value -> decode ( $ data ) ; try { $ out = Zend_Json : : decode ( ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { } $ value = php_jsonrpc_decode_json( $data ) ; if ( $ value ) $ out = php_jsonrpc_decode ( $ value ) ;
Speed comparison results
As with any benchmark results , take these with a grain of salt .
No guarantee or claim of correctness is made .
A biggish php array was encoded then decoded 10 times in a row with each lib .
Test results are in seconds , smaller is better .
The tests have been carried out on a Win XP machine , with PHP 5.1.6 and 5.2.0 running in CLI mode and a ' cleaned up ' php.ini ( and yes , I know most PHP applications are deployed on Linux , but that 's what I had available at the moment .
YMMV )
The XmlRpc lib appears twice because it can be used in two modes of operation : fully automated conversion or ' manual ' conversion , where the user writes code to operate on the single jsonrpcval objects ( see lib docs for more details ) .
PHP 5.1.6 Test PHP Json Pear Json Zend json XmlRpc json ( a ) XmlRpc json ( m ) Data encoding 0.00798 0.23867 0.18198 0.68149 0.60186 Data decoding 0.01377 2.11908 0.69991 1.49128 1.41859 PHP
5.2.0 Test PHP Json Pear Json Zend json XmlRpc json ( a ) XmlRpc json ( m ) Data encoding 0.00871 0.28658 0.46479 0.78107 0.73837 Data decoding 0.00947 2.23635 0.81878 1.70072 1.49629
An interesting result is PHP 5.2 seems to be slower on all libs , despite the claims made by the authors of it being much more optimized than its predecessors .
Did I set it up wrong ?
This is the data set used for testing , in PHP source format :
$ data1 = array ( 1 , 1.01 , ' hello world ' , true , null , - 1 , 11.011 , ' [ email protected ] # $ % ^&*( ) _+| ' , false , null ) ; $ data2 = array ( ' zero ' => $ data1 , ' one ' => $ data1 , ' two ' => $ data1 , ' three ' => $ data1 , ' four ' => $ data1 , ' five ' => $ data1 , ' six ' => $ data1 , ' seven ' => $ data1 , ' eight ' => $ data1 , ' nine ' => $ data1 ) ; $ data = array ( $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 , $ data2 ) ;
Encoding / decoding tests results
This last table is especially interesting , showing the different approach that the libraries have taken with regards to the JSON - vs - Javascript compatibility issue .
In short : JSON is a subset of Javascript , and while every valid json string is valid Javascript , the reverse is not necessarily true .
Every library I tested decodes correctly the json array defined as [ " hello " , " world " ] , but not all of them accept as valid the string [ ' hello ' , ' world ' ] , which is not valid Json but is valid javascript .
String decoding tests
Value XmlRpc decoded JS dec. Native dec. Pear dec. Zend dec. 0 string ( 0 ) " " NULL
' Invalid data ( empty string ? ) '
NULL NULL NULL 1 string ( 1 ) " 1 " int ( 1 ) NULL int ( 1 ) int ( 1 ) 2 string ( 4 ) " true " bool ( true ) NULL bool ( true ) bool ( true ) 3 string ( 4 ) " null " NULL NULL NULL NULL 4 string ( 7 ) " " hello " " string ( 5 ) " hello " NULL string ( 5 ) " hello " string ( 5 ) " hello " 5 string ( 11 ) " not a value " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL NULL NULL
' Illegal Token ' 6 string ( 2 ) " [ ] " array ( 0 ) { } array ( 0 ) { } array ( 0 ) { } array ( 0 ) { } 7 string ( 3 ) " [ 1 ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } 8 string ( 5 ) " [ 1.1 ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1.1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1.1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1.1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1.1 ) } 9 string ( 7 ) " [ - 1E+4 ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( - 10000 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( - 10000 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( - 10000 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( - 10000 ) } 10 string ( 10 ) " [ 100.0e - 2 ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1 ) } 11 string ( 4 ) " [.5 ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 0.5 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 0.5 ) } 12 string ( 4 ) " [ 5 . ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 5 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 5 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 5 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 5 ) } 13 string ( 3 ) " [ . ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal number format : . ' 14 string ( 6 ) " [ 5..5 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Missing " , " in array encoding : [ 5..5 ] ' 15 string ( 5 ) " [ 10e ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 16 string ( 5 ) " [ e10 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 17 string ( 7 ) " [ 010e2 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1000 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 1000 ) } 18 string ( 7 ) " [ 010.2 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 10.2 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => float ( 10.2 ) } 19 string ( 5 ) " [ 010 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => int ( 10 ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => int ( 10 ) } 20 string ( 6 ) " [ 0 xFF ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => int ( 255 ) } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int (0 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 21 string ( 6 ) " [ 0xff ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => int ( 255 ) } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int (0 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 22 string ( 6 ) " [ true ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => bool ( true ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => bool ( true ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => bool ( true ) } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => bool ( true ) } 23 string ( 6 ) " [ TRUE ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => bool ( true ) } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => bool ( true ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 24 string ( 6 ) " [ null ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } 25 string ( 6 ) " [ NULL ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > NULL } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 26 string ( 4 ) " [ " " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 0 ) " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 0 ) " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 0 ) " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 0 ) " " } 27 string ( 5 ) " [ " a " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } 28 string ( 9 ) " [ " a " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } 29 string ( 4 ) " [ 1 , ] " array ( 2 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) [ 1 ] => NULL } NULL array ( 2 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) [ 1 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => int ( 1 ) } 30 string ( 3 ) " [ , ] " array ( 2 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL [ 1 ] => NULL } NULL array ( 2 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL [ 1 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } 31 string ( 4 ) " [ ,1 ] " array ( 2 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL [ 1 ] => int ( 1 ) } NULL array ( 2 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL [ 1 ] => int ( 1 ) } array ( 2 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL [ 1 ] => int ( 1 ) } 32 string ( 6 ) " [ 1,,1 ] " array ( 3 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) [ 1 ] = >
NULL [ 2 ] => int ( 1 ) } NULL array ( 3 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) [ 1 ] = >
NULL [ 2 ] => int ( 1 ) } array ( 3 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) [ 1 ] =>
NULL [ 2 ] => int ( 1 ) } 33 string ( 19 ) " // comment here [ 1 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 34 string ( 19 ) " [ // comment here 1 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 35 string ( 19 ) " [ 1/ / comment here ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 36 string ( 19 ) " [ 1 ] // comment here " NULL
' Invalid data ( array missing closing bracket ? ) '
NULL NULL NULL
' Illegal Token ' 37 string ( 19 ) " /* comment here * /[ 1 ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 38 string ( 19 ) " [ /* comment here */1 ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 39 string ( 19 ) " [ 1/ * comment here * / ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 40 string ( 19 ) " [ 1 ] /* comment here * / " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 41 string ( 7 ) " /**/[ 1 ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int (1 ) } NULL NULL NULL
' Illegal Token ' 42 string ( 6 ) " // [ 1 ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL NULL NULL
' Illegal Token ' 43 string ( 20 ) " [ 1 // comment here ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 44 string ( 20 ) " [ // comment here 1 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 45 string ( 18 ) " [ 1 ] // comment here " NULL
' Invalid data ( array missing closing bracket ? ) '
NULL NULL NULL
' Illegal Token ' 46 string ( 19 ) " [ 1 ] // comment here " NULL
' Invalid data ( array missing closing bracket ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 47 string ( 28 ) " [ " a // this is a comment b " ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( line terminator char inside string ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " ab " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 24 ) " a // this is a comment b " } 48 string ( 32 ) " [ " a // this is not a comment b " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 28 ) " a // this is not a comment b " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 28 ) " a // this is not a comment b " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 28 ) " a // this is not a comment b " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 28 ) " a // this is not a comment b " } 49 string ( 5 ) " [ 'a ' ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 50 string ( 4 ) " [ " a ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " a ] " } 51 string ( 4 ) " [ a " ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 52 string ( 5 ) " [ 'a " ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 53 string ( 5 ) " [ " a ' ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 3 ) " a ' ] " } 54 string ( 3 ) " [ ' ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 55 string ( 4 ) " [ ' ' ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 0 ) " " } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 0 ) " " } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 56 string ( 5 ) " [ ' ' ' ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 57 string ( 3 ) " [ " ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " ] " } 58 string ( 5 ) " [ " " " ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Missing " , " in array encoding : [ " " " ] ' 59 string ( 5 ) " [ " ' " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " ' " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " ' " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " ' " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " ' " } 60 string ( 5 ) " [ ' " ' ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " " " } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " " " } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 61 string ( 6 ) " [ " \ ' " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " ' " } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " ' " } NULL
' Illegal escape sequence '' ' ' 62 string ( 7 ) " [ " \\ ' " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " \ ' " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " \ ' " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " \ ' " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " \ ' " } 63 string ( 6 ) " [ " \ " " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " " " } 64 string ( 5 ) " [ " \ " ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " \ " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " " ] " } 65 string ( 6 ) " [ " \\ " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " \ " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " \ " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " \ " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " \ " } 66 string ( 7 ) " [ " \\\ " ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( string missing closing quote ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " \\ " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 3 ) " \ " ] " } 67 string ( 6 ) " [ " a " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } 68 string ( 6 ) " [ " a " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } 69 string ( 6 ) " [ " a " ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( line terminator char inside string ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " a " } 70 string ( 6 ) " [ " a " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } 71 string ( 6 ) " [ " a " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } 72 string ( 16 ) " [ " \u0041\u00 DC " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " AÜ " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 3 ) " AÃ " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 3 ) " AÃ " } NULL
' Illegal escape sequence 'u ' ' 73 string ( 16 ) " [ " \b\t\f\v\r
" ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 6 ) " " } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 7 ) " \v " } NULL
' Illegal escape sequence ' v ' ' 74 string ( 14 ) " [ " \b\t\f\r
" ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 5 ) " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 5 ) " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 5 ) " " } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 5 ) " " } 75 string ( 12 ) " [ " \x41\xDC " ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 2 ) " AÜ " } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > string ( 8 ) " \x41\xDC " } NULL
' Illegal escape sequence 'x ' ' 76 string ( 7 ) " [ ] [ ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( unmatched array closing bracket ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => NULL } array ( 0 ) { } 77 string ( 9 ) " [ " a " " b " ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( unescaped quote char inside string ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 5 ) " a " " b " } NULL
' Missing " , " in array encoding : [ " a " " b " ] ' 78 string ( 5 ) " [ 1 2 ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = >
NULL } NULL
' Missing " , " in array encoding : [ 1 2 ] ' 79 string ( 4 ) " [ {} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => object ( stdClass ) #5 ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } 80 string ( 7 ) " [ { } ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => object ( stdClass ) #7 ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } 81 string ( 5 ) " [ {1} ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( missing object member name ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array (0 ) { } } NULL
' Missing key in object encoding : [ { 1} ] ' 82 string ( 7 ) " [ { 1:1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Missing key in object encoding : [ { 1:1} ] ' 83 string ( 6 ) " [ {:1} ] " NULL
' Invalid data ( missing object member name ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array (0 ) { } } NULL
' Missing key in object encoding : [ {:1} ] ' 84 string ( 8 ) " [ { " 1 " :} ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( empty string ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] => NULL } } 85 string ( 9 ) " [ { " 1" : 1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => object( stdClass ) #7 ( 1 ) { [ " 1 " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } 86 string ( 8 ) " [ { " " : 1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => object( stdClass ) #5 ( 1 ) { [ " _empty_ " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " " ] => int ( 1 ) } } 87 string ( 8 ) " [ { " a " :} ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ( empty string ? ) ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 0 ) { } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a " ] => NULL } } 88 string ( 9 ) " [ { " a " : 1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => object( stdClass ) #5 ( 1 ) { [ " a " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a " ] => int ( 1 ) } } 89 string ( 12 ) " [ {" true " : 1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " true " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => object( stdClass ) #7 ( 1 ) { [ " true " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " true " ] => int ( 1 ) } } array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " true " ] => int ( 1 ) } } 90 string ( 10 ) " [ {true : 1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " true " ] => int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " true " ] => int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Missing key in object encoding : [ {true : 1} ] ' 91 string ( 10 ) " [ {null : 1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " null " ] => int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " null " ] => int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Missing key in object encoding : [ {null : 1} ] ' 92 string ( 11 ) " [ {a " a" :1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a " a " " ] => int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array (0 ) { } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 93 string ( 12 ) " [ { " a " : 1 " a " } ] "
NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a " ] =>
NULL } } NULL
' Missing " , " in object encoding : [ { " a " : 1 " a " } ] ' 94 string ( 11 ) " [ {a b : " a " } ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a b " ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array (0 ) { } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 95 string ( 11 ) " [ {a b:a b} ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > array (0 ) { } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 96 string ( 11 ) " [ {a 1:a 1} ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > array (0 ) { } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 97 string ( 9 ) " [ {a :b: c} ] " NULL
' Invalid data ' NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ " a " ] =>
NULL } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 98 string ( 25 ) " [ /* comment here */{ " 1" :1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 99 string ( 25 ) " [ {/* comment here */" 1" :1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 100 string ( 25 ) " [ { " 1 " /* comment here */:1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 101 string ( 25 ) " [ { " 1 " :/* comment here */1} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 102 string ( 25 ) " [ { " 1 " : 1 / * comment here * /} ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Illegal Token ' 103 string ( 25 ) " [ { " 1" : 1} / * comment here * / ] " array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 1 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } NULL
' Illegal Token '
Values encoding tests
Value XmlRpc encoded Native enc. Pear enc. Zend enc. 0 bool ( true ) string ( 4 ) " true " string ( 4 ) " true " string ( 4 ) " true " string ( 4 ) " true " 1 bool ( false ) string ( 5 ) " false " string ( 5 ) " false " string ( 5 ) " false " string ( 5 ) " false " 2 int ( 0 ) string ( 1 ) " 0 " string ( 1 ) " 0 " int ( 0 ) string ( 1 ) " 0 " 3 int ( 1 ) string ( 1 ) " 1 " string ( 1 ) " 1 " int ( 1 ) string ( 1 ) " 1 " 4 float ( 1 ) string ( 3 ) " 1.0 " string ( 1 ) " 1 " float ( 1 ) string ( 1 ) " 1 " 5 float ( 1.1 ) string ( 3 ) " 1.1 " string ( 3 ) " 1.1 " float ( 1.1 ) string ( 3 ) " 1.1 " 6 string ( 0 ) " " string ( 2 ) " " " " string ( 2 ) " " " " string ( 2 ) " " " " string ( 2 ) " " " " 7 NULL string ( 4 ) " null " string ( 4 ) " null " string ( 4 ) " null " string ( 4 ) " null " 8 string ( 1 ) " 1 " string ( 3 ) " " 1 " " string ( 3 ) " " 1 " " string ( 3 ) " " 1 " " string ( 3 ) " " 1 " " 9 string ( 17 ) " 20060101T12:00:00 " string ( 19 ) " " 20060101T12:00:00 " " string ( 19 ) " " 20060101T12:00:00 " " string ( 19 ) " " 20060101T12:00:00 " " string ( 19 ) " " 20060101T12:00:00 " " 10 string ( 15 ) " GÃ¼nter , ElÃ¨ne " string ( 25 ) " " G\u00 fcnter , El\u00e8ne " " string ( 25 ) " " G\u00 fcnter , El\u00e8ne " " string ( 25 ) " " G\u00 fcnte r , El\u00e8ne " " string ( 17 ) " " GÃ¼nter , ElÃ¨ne " " 11 string ( 13 ) " Günter , Elène " string ( 19 ) " " Gnter , El\u8 ba5ne " " string ( 3 ) " " G " " string ( 38 ) " " G\u006e007400650072002c El\u006e0065 " " string ( 15 ) " " Günter , Elène " " 12 resource ( 9 ) of type ( stream ) string ( 4 ) " null "
Warning : [ json ] ( json_encode_r ) type is unsupported , encoded as null .
in C:\htdocs\xmlrpc_cvs\extras\jsonrpc\testsuite.php on line 381
string ( 4 ) " null " NULL string ( 4 ) " null " 13 string ( 8 ) " aGVsbG8 = " string ( 10 ) " " aGVsbG8 = " " string ( 10 ) " " aGVsbG8 = " " string ( 10 ) " " aGVsbG8 = " " string ( 10 ) " " aGVsbG8 = " " 14 object ( jsonrpcmsg ) # 2 ( 6 ) { [ " id " ] => NULL [ " content_type " ] => string ( 10 ) " text / plain " [ " payload " ] = > NULL [ " methodname " ]=> string ( 5 ) " dummy " [ " params " ] => array ( 0 ) { } [ " debug " ] => int ( 0 ) } string ( 98 ) " {" id " : null , " content_type " : " text\ / plain " , " payload " : null , " methodname " : " dummy " , " params " : [ ] , " debug " : 0} " string ( 98 ) " {" id " : null , " content_type " : " text\ / plain " , " payload " : null , " methodname " : " dummy " , " params " : [ ] , " debug " : 0} " string ( 98 ) " {" id " : null , " content_type " : " text\ / plain " , " payload " : null , " methodname " : " dummy " , " params " : [ ] , " debug " : 0} " string ( 99 ) " {" __className " : " jsonrpcmsg " , " content_type " : " text / plain " , " methodname " : " dummy " , " params " : {} , " debug " : 0} " 15 object ( xmlrpcval ) # 3 ( 3 ) { [ " me " ] => array ( 0 ) { } [ " mytype " ] => int ( 0 ) [ " _php_class " ] => NULL } string ( 38 ) " { " me " : [ ] , " mytype " : 0 , " _php_class " : null} " string ( 38 ) " { " me " : [ ] , " mytype " : 0 , " _php_class " : null} " string ( 38 ) " { " me " : [ ] , " mytype " : 0 , " _php_class " : null} " string ( 46 ) " {" __className " : " xmlrpcval " , " me " : {} , " mytype " : 0} " 16 array ( 0 ) { } string ( 2 ) " [ ] " string ( 2 ) " [ ] " string ( 2 ) " [ ] " string ( 2 ) " {} " 17 array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 15 ) " GÃ¼nter , ElÃ¨ne " } string ( 27 ) " [ " G\u00 fcnter , El\u00e8ne " ] " string ( 27 ) " [ " G\u00 fcnter , El\u00e8ne " ] " string ( 27 ) " [ " G\u00 fcnter , El\u00e8ne " ] " string ( 19 ) " [ " GÃ¼nter , ElÃ¨ne " ] " 18 array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 1 ) " a " } string ( 5 ) " [ " a " ] " string ( 5 ) " [ " a " ] " string ( 5 ) " [ " a " ] " string ( 5 ) " [ " a " ] " 19 array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] = > int ( 1 ) } } string ( 5 ) " [ [ 1 ] ] " string ( 5 ) " [ [ 1 ] ] " string ( 5 ) " [ [ 1 ] ] " string ( 5 ) " [ [ 1 ] ] " 20 array ( 2 ) { [ 2 ] => bool ( true ) [ 3 ] => bool ( false ) } string ( 20 ) " { " 2" : true , " 3 " : false} " string ( 20 ) " { " 2" : true , " 3 " : false} " string ( 20 ) " { " 2" : true , " 3 " : false} " string ( 20 ) " { " 2" : true , " 3 " : false} " 21 array ( 1 ) { [ " hello " ] => string ( 5 ) " world " } string ( 17 ) " {" hello " : " world " } " string ( 17 ) " {" hello " : " world " } " string ( 17 ) " {" hello " : " world " } " string ( 17 ) " {" hello " : " world " } " 22 array ( 2 ) { [ " hello " ] => bool ( true ) [ 0 ] => string ( 5 ) " world " } string ( 26 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " world " } " string ( 26 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " world " } " string ( 26 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " world " } " string ( 26 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " world " } " 23 array ( 3 ) { [ " hello " ] => bool ( true ) [ 0 ] => string ( 5 ) " hello " [ 1 ] => string ( 5 ) " world " } string ( 38 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " hello " , " 1 " : " world " } " string ( 38 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " hello " , " 1 " : " world " } " string ( 38 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " hello " , " 1 " : " world " } " string ( 38 ) " {" hello " : true , " 0 " : " hello " , " 1 " : " world " } " 24 array ( 2 ) { [ " methodname " ] => string ( 5 ) " hello " [ " params " ] => array ( 0 ) { } } string ( 34 ) " {" methodname " : " hello " , " params " : [ ] } " string ( 34 ) " {" methodname " : " hello " , " params " : [ ] } " string ( 34 ) " {" methodname " : " hello " , " params " : [ ] } " string ( 34 ) " {" methodname " : " hello " , " params " : {}} " 25 array ( 2 ) { [ " faultCode " ] => int ( 666 ) [ " faultString " ]=> string ( 11 ) " hello world " } string ( 45 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " } " string ( 45 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " } " string ( 45 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " } " string ( 45 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " } " 26 array ( 3 ) { [ " faultCode " ] => int ( 666 ) [ " faultString " ]=> string ( 11 ) " hello world " [ " fault What ? " ]=> string ( 5 ) " dunno " } string ( 66 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " , " fault What ? " :" dunno " } " string ( 66 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " , " fault What ? " :" dunno " } " string ( 66 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " , " fault What ? " :" dunno " } " string ( 66 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : " hello world " , " fault What ? " :" dunno " } " 27 array ( 2 ) { [ " faultCode " ] => int ( 666 ) [ " faultString " ]=> array ( 1 ) { [ 0 ] => string ( 11 ) " hello world " } } string ( 47 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : [ " hello world " ] } " string ( 47 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : [ " hello world " ] } " string ( 47 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : [ " hello world " ] } " string ( 47 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : [ " hello world " ] } " 28 array ( 2 ) { [ " faultCode " ] => int ( 666 ) [ " faultString " ]=> array ( 1 ) { [ " hello " ] => string ( 5 ) " world " } } string ( 49 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : {" hello " : " world " }} " string ( 49 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : {" hello " : " world " }} " string ( 49 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : {" hello " : " world " }} " string ( 49 ) " {" faultCode " : 666 , " faultString " : {" hello " : " world " }} "
And the winner is ...
Of course there can not be a winner .
Every lib test excels in some aspect and is surpassed in others .
The PHP native JSON extension cannot be beaten for speed , but it is very unforgiving on the json it parses as valid .
A sure hit for almost everybody .
The Zend lib is the fastest of the php- based libs , and shows no major drawbacks , excepted for lack of support for php 4 ( and a bug in encoding php objects ) .
A solid recommendation for those on shared hosting or in the impossibility to install the extension .
The php-jsonrpc lib is the slowest of the pack at encoding php values ( because of its object - centric two step conversion process ) , but sports more features than any other lib , such as automatic charset conversion or extra support for jsonrpc calls .
It is also the closest to the browsers javascript engines in its json parsing results .
The PEAR lib offers no clear advantage , but it still makes for a valid choice , providing the most forgiving json parser of all .
Changes
2006/11/17 : fixed number of files used by PEAR and ZEND ( they were swapped ) ; added indication that PEAR lib assumes UTF8 .
Thanks to M. Migurski for pointing it out .
Fixed links to comparison graphs .
SAHIWAL : A baffling anomaly has occurred in a village of Sahiwal where a snowball has claimed a life amidst high temperature .
Amid temperatures of up to 43 degrees celsius , a heavy snowball fell from the sky , killing a 60 year old woman .
Khursheed Bibi was sleeping under the open sky in her yard when the snowball appeared in the sky and circled in the air before falling on her head .
Other members of her family , who were sleeping beside her , are completely safe .
Villagers say the snowball which fell in Khursheed 's yard , woke up the whole village with a sound as powerful as an explosion .
Rescue incharge Abdul Malik reached the spot with his team and also had the snowball weighed .
UPDATE : Sorry , but the video includes an annoying loud commercial that starts up automatically every time the page loads on UT , but you should really watch this cool video here .
Read about it below , though , first !
This is incredible !
Smithsonian Air & Space photographers Scott Andrews , Stan Jirman and Philip Scott Andrews created a unique time - lapse video ( at the request of shuttle commander Alan Poindexter ) from from thousands of individual frames , and they condense six weeks of painstaking work into three minutes , 52 seconds ( read here how they did it ) .
The video quickly chronicles the processing of Discovery for the STS - 131 mission , and starts at the Orbiter Processing Facility at NASA ’s Kennedy Space Center , then goes on to the Vehicle Assembly Building , ( the video of how the shuttle is hoisted into a vertical position and lowered onto its external fuel tank is absolutely amazing ) .
Then it ’s off to the pad for launch , and you even get to see a quick glimpse of Discovery as it lands .
This is the shuttle and mission for which I was able to see much of the processing and pre-launch events , so I found it especially meaningful , but it is even more poignant since the end of the shuttle program is quickly approaching .
Fifty years ago , American family structures were remarkably uniform .
The rich married at roughly the same rate as the poor and middle class .
Divorce rates were low for the college educated and high school graduates alike .
Out - of - wedlock births , while more common among African - Americans , were rare in almost every region and community .
That was a long time ago .
The intact two - parent family has been in eclipse for decades now : last week , the Pew Research Center reported that in 2008 , 41 percent of American births occurred outside of marriage , the highest figure yet recorded .
And from divorce rates to teen births , nearly every indicator of family life now varies dramatically by education , race , geography and income .
In a rare convergence , conservatives and liberals basically agree on how this happened .
First , the sexual revolution overturned the old order of single - earner households , early marriages , and strong stigmas against divorce and unwed motherhood .
In its aftermath , the professional classes found a new equilibrium .
Today , couples with college and ( especially ) graduate degrees tend to cohabit early and marry late , delaying childbirth and raising smaller families than their parents , while enjoying low divorce rates and bearing relatively few children out of wedlock .
For the rest of the country , this comfortable equilibrium remains out of reach .
In the underclass ( black , white and Hispanic alike ) , intact families are now an endangered species .
For middle America , the ideal of the two - parent family endures , but the reality is much more chaotic : early marriages coexist with frequent divorces , and the out - of - wedlock birth rate keeps inching upward .
The developers behind openSUSE are drafting a new " community statement " as part of a broader effort to define a technical strategy for their project .
The purpose of the community statement is to describe the kind of collaborative environment that the project wants to create as it refines its technical focus .
A year after acquiring commercial Linux vendor SUSE , Novell decided to open the popular SUSE Linux distribution and transition it to a community - driven development model .
This resulted in the formation of the openSUSE project , an open source development effort that is sponsored by Novell .
The project 's direction is guided by an elected board of three Novell employees and two independent community contributors .
The openSUSE project is generally aligned with Novell 's business interests , but it has asserted its autonomy on several occasions .
One prominent example is the openSUSE community 's decision last year to make KDE the default desktop environment for the distribution .
Novell has consistently been respectful of the community 's wishes and autonomy .
Novell 's priorities have evolved considerably over the past few years , subtly changing the nature of the company 's relationship with the openSUSE community .
Novell was initially investing a lot of effort into building an enterprise Linux desktop business on top of the openSUSE technology stack , but the company is increasingly shifting the focus of its desktop Linux development to the netbook market .
Novell has worked closely with Intel on the MeeGo project and has contributed a lot of software to the MeeGo netbook variant .
Novell and the openSUSE community have n't grown apart , exactly , but it 's clear that each has developed a broad set of non-overlapping aspirations and technical interests that extend beyond their shared goals .
The openSUSE project has matured and is more than just an experimental testbed for dogfooding the next enterprise SUSE release .
It makes sense for the project to start defining its own goals .
The statement
The new community statement predictably articulates the kind of goals that you would expect to see from an open source project .
It emphasizes the importance of inclusiveness and diversity and acknowledges the need to reduce " bureaucratic obstacles " and empower individual contributors in order to attract more involvement .
The second section of the statement , which describes individual actions that the openSUSE community wants to pursue in order to achieve its goals , is more substantive .
One of the bullet points calls for the formation of an openSUSE Foundation .
Other ideas include providing mentoring for new contributors and holding regular conferences and events .
The foundation concept is particularly intriguing .
Foundations for open source projects are useful because they serve as a central legal entity for collecting funds , managing licensing issues , and providing vendor - neutral governance structures .
The downside of creating a foundation is that it can create some administrative overhead and accounting complexities .
You can look to Fedora for an example of why foundations are n't always desirable for a community - driven Linux distro .
The Fedora community explored the possibility of creating its own non-profit foundation many years ago , but abandoned the idea due to concerns about the constraints it would introduce on how much financial and technical assistance Red Hat could supply to the Fedora project .
I imagine that openSUSE and Novell would face some similar challenges if they attempted to move forward with establishing an openSUSE foundation .
The challenges are not insurmountable , however , and a foundation would definitely open the door for other vendors to take a more active role .
Novell 's Michael Löffler wrote a blog entry last year in which he described the reasons why an openSUSE foundation would be desirable .
He makes a case that openSUSE would benefit from having a vendor - neutral organization to encourage contributions from other companies besides Novell .
" We had the idea to create a foundation for the openSUSE .
Reasoning behind this is that openSUSE still is perceived as pretty much controlled by Novell which is actually not the case anymore , " he wrote .
" So this foundation should help that openSUSE can act on its own , offers the possibility for other companies to step up for major sponsoring and it would come with the benefit that we'd have a simple way to collect and spread donations for the project . "
Linux distribution popularity is notoriously difficult to measure , but openSUSE has a large following and is arguably one of the top players .
Here at Ars , we tend to use openSUSE as our reference distro for KDE testing .
The new community statement draft and some of the goals that it defines look like a meaningful way for the openSUSE project to continue expanding its autonomy as it matures .
The full text of the community statement is published in the openSUSE wiki .
Additional details about the strategy proposals and community review process are available from the openSUSE News site .
We will have some follow - up coverage later when the openSUSE community reaches consensus about its strategy plan .
So the Arthur Kill team had the home - turf advantage , plus passion , not to mention direct personal experience — of the four debaters , three are currently special students at the New School , as are many of the two dozen inmates who were on hand to watch .
Then there ’s the advantage of general life experience , on the outside and in .
Image CHALLENGERS
The New School team , from left , Johanna Goosens , Skanda Kadirgamar , Nick Olson and Santiago Posas , conferring .
Credit ... Brian Harkin for The New York Times
“ I ’m kind of used to public speaking , ” Andrew Cooper , 43 , said .
In his dark green uniform and wire - rimmed glasses , Mr. Cooper had the look of a graduate student working some night shift to play the bills .
He said that he had done some teaching while in prison , and that he occasionally spoke to at - risk youth about the consequences of “ bad choices . ”
Fifteen years ago , while a student at Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn , he made a bad choice and joined a robbery on Long Island .
“ I was a fair student , ” Mr. Cooper said .
“ But I went for the quick fix . ”
He and his teammates displayed a consistently confident , Obama - inspired style : some measured , almost soothing oratory ; some strategic finger - pointing ; some appeals to reason .
Statistics poured out at a steady rate , about the country ’s high recidivism problem and the links between higher education in prisons and lower recidivism rates .
Higher education , Mr. Cooper argued , represents “ the last bastion of civility and the last hope for inmates to slip the bonds of incarceration and become tax - paying , productive , caring members of society . ”
The New Schoolers could not quite bring themselves , as one of them , Santiago Posas , put it , to make some “ Republican we - can’t - coddle - criminals argument . ”
Instead , they went nuclear , debate - style , rejecting the education system altogether :
Even if higher education in prisons is ethical , Mr. Posas argued , that premise “ does not address the basis for true equality within our society that is structured by complex and hierarchal racist , classist and gendered norms that produce the prison - industrial complex . ”
Why import into prisons the same flawed educational system that landed inmates there in the first place ?
The undergraduates spoke of “ the dominant discourse ” and “ hegemony ” ; there was talk of “ the revolutionary praxis ” and , of course , Foucault .
Are we so inured to the implementation of torture by the Bush administration that we no longer recognize what torture is ?
Torture , according to the UN Convention Against Torture , to which the US is a signatory , is " any act by which severe pain or suffering , whether physical or mental , is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession , punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed , or intimidating or coercing him or a third person . "
Under President Bush , however , John Yoo , an ideological puppet in the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , which is supposed to objectively interpret the law as it applies to the executive branch , purported to redefine torture , in two memos that have become known as the " torture memos , " as the infliction of physical pain " equivalent in intensity to the pain accompanying serious physical injury , such as organ failure , impairment of bodily function , or even death , " or the infliction of mental pain which " result[s ] in significant psychological harm of significant duration e.g. lasting for months or even years . "
I ask this question about torture - and our attitude to it - because of what took place last week , in pre-trial hearings at Guantánamo preceding the trial by Military Commission of the Canadian prisoner Omar Khadr , who was just 15 years old when he was seized after a firefight in Afghanistan in July 2002 .
A number of witnesses revealed details of Khadr 's mistreatment , in the US prison at Bagram airbase in Afghanistan , which hinted at his inclusion in an abusive program that , before the 9/11 attacks , before Yoo 's memos and before a general coarsening of attitudes towards abuse and the mistreatment of prisoners , would have led to calls for that mistreatment to be thoroughly investigated , and , very possibly , for it to be regarded as torture or as cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment .
In Khadr 's case , these questions should not even need raising , for a number of other compelling reasons .
The first concerns his age .
Under the terms of the Optional Protocol to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , on the involvement of children in armed conflict , to which the US is also a signatory , juveniles - defined as those under the age of 18 when the crime they are accused of committing took place - " require special protection . "
The Optional Protocol specifically recognizes " the special needs of those children who are particularly vulnerable to recruitment or use in hostilities , " and requires its signatories to promote " the physical and psychosocial rehabilitation and social reintegration of children who are victims of armed conflict . "
Instead , however , the US government is attempting , for the third time , to prosecute Khadr for war crimes in a special trial system for foreign terror suspects - the Military Commissions - which were first ruled illegal by the Supreme Court in 2006 , were then revived by Congress but abandoned by President Obama on his first day in office ( after they had succeeded in delivering just three dubious results ) , and were then revived again by President Obama , with the support of Congress , last summer .
Compounding the dark absurdity of Khadr 's proposed trial is an uncomfortable truth that has been particularly noted by Lt. Col .
David Frakt , a former military defense attorney for the Commissions , who has regularly pointed out that the Military Commissions are fundamentally flawed because they contain " law of war offenses " invented by Congress , including " Providing Material Support to Terrorism " and " Murder in Violation of the Law of War . "
Lt. Col .
Frakt has recently expressed even graver concerns about how the new Military Commissions
Act includes a passage which claims that " a detainee may be convicted of murder in violation of the law of war even if they did not actually violate the law of war . "
As I also explained in an article last week , " critics of Khadr 's trial have , from the beginning , recognized that there is something horribly skewed about redefining the internationally accepted laws of war so that one side in an armed conflict - the US - can kill whoever it wants with impunity , whereas its opponents are viewed as terrorists , or , when brought to trial , as those who have committed ‘ Murder in Violation of the Law of War . ' "
Nevertheless , as the Obama administration has decided to press ahead with Khadr 's trial , pre-trial hearings were held over the last two weeks in an attempt to address concerns raised by Khadr 's defense team .
These largely skirted the issues discussed in the paragraphs above , but focused unerringly on Khadr 's alleged mistreatment , through a " Motion to Suppress Statements Procured Using Torture , Coercion and Cruel , Inhumane and Degrading Treatment " ( PDF ) , in which his lawyers argued that any self - incriminating statements that Khadr may have made should be ruled out because of the manner in which they were extracted .
The torture of Omar Khadr
Over the years , and in an affidavit submitted in February 2008 ( PDF ) , Khadr has described his mistreatment in detail , explaining how he was unconscious for a week after his capture , when he was severely wounded , and how , in Bagram , where he was taken after just two weeks in a hospital , his interrogations began immediately , at the hands of an interrogator who manipulated his injuries ( the exact details were redacted from his affidavit ) .
Crucially , he also explained how , as soon as he regained consciousness , " the first soldier told me that I had killed an American with a grenade , " and how , during his first interrogation at Bagram , " I figured out right away that I would simply tell them whatever I thought they wanted to hear in order to keep them from causing me [ redacted ] . "
There is much more in the affidavit - casual cruelty , whereby guards made Khadr do hard manual labor when his wounds were not healed , and , significantly , threats " to have me raped , or sent to other countries like Egypt , Syria , Jordan or Israel to be raped . "
He also noted , " I would always hear people screaming , both day and night , " and explained that other prisoners were scared of his interrogator .
" Most people would not talk about what had been done to them , " he declared .
" This made me afraid . "
Khadr also described what happened to him in Guantánamo , where , as I explained last week , he " arrived around the time that a regime of humiliation , isolation and abuse , including extreme temperature manipulation , forced nudity and sexual humiliation , had just been introduced , by reverse - engineering torture techniques , used in a military program designed to train US personnel to resist interrogation if captured , in an attempt to increase the meager flow of ‘ actionable intelligence ' from the prison . "
At various points in 2003 , while the use of these techniques was still widespread , Khadr stated that he was short - shackled in painful positions and left for up to ten hours in a freezing cold cell , threatened with rape and with being transferred to another country where he could be raped , and , on one particular occasion , when he had been left short - shackled in a painful position until he urinated on himself :
Military police poured pine oil on the floor and on me , and then , with me lying on my stomach and my hands and feet cuffed together behind me , the military police dragged me back and forth through the mixture of urine and pine oil on the floor .
Later , I was put back in my cell , without being allowed a shower or a change of clothes .
I was not given a change of clothes for two days .
They did this to me again a few weeks later .
Crucially , when describing the interrogations that punctuated these experiences at Guantánamo , Khadr explained , " I did not want to expose myself to any more harm , so I always just told interrogators what I thought they wanted to hear .
Having been asked the same questions so many times , I knew what answers made interrogators happy and would always tailor my answers based on what I thought would keep me from being harmed . "
Until two weeks ago , these claims - though well - known to those who have followed Khadr 's case - had , for the most part , not been aired in a courtroom .
In response to the defense motion , however , the government attempted to refute Khadr 's claims , calling a female interrogator who stated that Khadr had voluntarily admitted that he threw the grenade that killed US Sgt.
Christopher Speer , during sessions after his arrival at Guantánamo in October 2002 that were perfectly amicable , and an FBI agent , Robert Fuller , who stated that his interrogations of Khadr at Bagram earlier in October 2002 were also " conversational " and " non-confrontational , " and that Khadr had freely admitted to throwing the grenade that killed Sgt. Speer .
Whilst it was possible - if not probable - that both interrogators were telling the truth about interrogating Khadr non-coercively , the problem remains that Khadr has stated that , from the time of his very first interrogation , he regarded telling his interrogators what they wanted to hear as the best way of avoiding mistreatment , and so may not have been telling them the truth .
As a result , last week 's witnesses were more significant because they shed light on the early days after he recovered consciousness in US custody , and , in particular , on his first interrogation and his subsequent interaction with that interrogator .
Along the way , further witnesses cast shadows on the government 's otherwise clean picture of interrogations conducted in a non-coercive environment .
It would have remarkable had this not happened , as countless witnesses - including soldiers as well as current and former Guantánamo prisoners - have described the brutality at Bagram at the time Khadr was held there between August and October 2002 , which led , just over a month after Khadr 's departure for Guantánamo , to the murder of two prisoners - and , very possibly , to other murders at the time he was held .
The medic 's testimony -- and " Palestinian hanging "
The first to reveal a glimpse of the regime at Bagram was , ironically , a medic called as a witness by the prosecution .
" Mr. M , " as he was identified , who testified by video link from Boston , countered Khadr 's claims that , while he was at Bagram , " five people in civilian clothes would come and change my bandages , " and that they " treated me very roughly and videotaped me while they did it , " stating that he alone changed his bandages twice a day , and that no rough treatment was involved .
He did , however , note that , on one occasion , he found Khadr hooded and chained to a cage by his wrists with his arms " just above eye level , " and that when he lifted the hood , Khadr was visibly upset .
The medic added , as Carol Rosenberg described it in the Miami Herald , that " he did n't object to Khadr 's treatment , because chaining was an approved form of punishment " at Bagram , " adding that he did n't know the reason for the punishment nor how long Khadr had been chained . "
This rather nonchalant description of " chaining " may not have shocked the medic , especially as the chains were apparently " slack enough to allow Khadr 's feet to touch the floor , " but the only reason for this was because of the severity of his wounds , as Khadr explained in his affidavit , in which he also stated that he was chained up " several times . "
Otherwise , like numerous other prisoners , including Dilawar ( the subject of " Taxi to the Dark Side " ) and Mullah Habibullah , the two prisoners who were killed at Bagram in December 2002 , he would have been fully suspended by his wrists , in a torture technique more commonly known as the " strappado " technique or " Palestinian hanging . "
Nevertheless , as Barry Coburn , Khadr 's lead lawyer , explained , the medic 's testimony provided " critically important validation " of statements in his client 's affidavit , and another of his lawyers , Kobie Flowers , added , " Had this been an American soldier in North Korea , people would be outraged .
Here we have a 15 - year - old individual who was nearly killed with bullets in his back who was left up there to hang as punishment . "
" Interrogator No. 2 " and Khadr 's first interrogation -- on a stretcher
However , while this was significant in establishing some context for the general and well - chronicled brutality at Bagram , which will no doubt emerge in unprecedented detail should Khadr 's trial proceed , it was not until Tuesday last week that previously unknown information emerged regarding Khadr 's first interrogation on arrival at Bagram , which , according to a master sergeant in the US Army , identified as " Interrogator No. 2 , " who appeared in person , took place on the same day that Khadr was moved from the hospital to what Carol Rosenberg described as " the crude , putrid Bagram Air Base detention center . "
The interrogator , who was an observer at Khadr 's first interrogation on August 12 , 2002 , revealed that " the questioning took place while Khadr was on a stretcher - he could n't remember if Khadr was shackled to it - and that his notes included this detail : ‘ Clarification was difficult due to the sedation and fatigue of the detainee . ' "
He also explained that no coercion was used on him , but just two approved techniques from the Army Field Manual : " fear down , " which is designed to play down a prisoner 's anxieties , and " fear of incarceration , " which encourages prisoners to tell the truth by pointing out that otherwise they may face extended imprisonment .
It is hard to tell if this controlled line of questioning strictly reflects reality , but even so , as one of Khadr 's military lawyers , Army Lt. Col .
Jon Jackson noted , the testimony showed that Khadr " was first questioned within just 12 hours of his transfer from the US field hospital to the detention center . "
Kobie Flowers was more forceful in his criticism .
" You got a guy who is 15 , seriously wounded , who has had multiple surgeries , and that 's the first time the United States government takes a statement from him to use in his prosecution , " he said , adding , " Now whether it is torture , cruel , inhumane , degrading treatment or simply involuntary ...
I do n't think any federal judge in the United States would allow that type of conduct . "
The testimony of Damien Corsetti
On Wednesday , a peripheral figure in Khadr 's story - but one who has achieved a certain notoriety - testified by video link from Arlington , Virginia .
Damien Corsetti , who was known as " Monster " at Bagram , based on a tattoo on his chest , and also as " The King of Torture , " described himself as " a disabled veteran suffering post traumatic stress disorder as a result of his interrogation work in both Afghanistan and Iraq , " and explained how , on seeing Khadr on July 29 , 2002 , just two days after his capture , he was struck by how he was an injured " child " detained in " one of the worst places on Earth . "
He added , " More than anything , he looked beat up .
He was a 15 year - old kid with three holes in his body , a bunch of shrapnel in his face .
That was what I remember .
How horrible this 15 year - old child looked . "
Corsetti , who was cleared in 2005 of abuse charges relating to his conduct in Bagram and , later , at Abu Ghraib in Iraq , explained , back in 2007 , how he was still haunted by " the cries , the smells , the sounds " of those whose torture he witnessed , when he was called upon to attend sessions in the basement of Bagram in which " high - value detainees " were tortured .
" [ T ] hey are with me all the time , " he said .
Last Wednesday , Corsetti told the court that he was " not one of Khadr 's interrogators " but had befriended him in Bagram .
He explained that the guards and interrogators , who identified all the prisoners as " BOB " ( which stood for " Bad Odor Boys " ) , named Khadr " Buckshot BOB , " due to his injuries .
He added that " there was the sound of screaming and yelling ‘ continuously , " and also confirmed that threats were made to send prisoners to countries where they would be tortured , or raped .
He specifically mentioned Israel and Egypt , but added , as Michelle Shephard explained in the Toronto Star , that he " did not know if Khadr had been told this . "
As Khadr stated in his affidavit that he was indeed threatened with being sent to Israel or Egypt ( or Syria or Jordan ) , Corsetti's testimony therefore endorsed another of Khadr 's claims .
" Interrogator No. 1 " and the rape threat
If Corsetti's testimony , for the most part , did little more than add some more color to the story of Khadr 's early months in US custody , Thursday 's witness , Joshua Claus , provided potent testimony regarding the kind of threats to which Khadr was subjected , and also provided a disturbing link to the kind of violence in Bagram that led to the murders of Dilawar and Mullah Habibullah in December 2002 .
Claus , formerly a sergeant in the 519th Military Intelligence Battalion ( of which Corsetti was also a member ) , was identified in court as " Interrogator No. 1 , " and was Khadr 's main interrogator at Bagram , the " skinny blond " man with glasses ( just 21 years old at the time ) who also interrogated him while he was on a stretcher , on the day that he was moved to Bagram from the field hospital , and who , according to Khadr , mistreated him in an unknown manner ( because the details are redacted ) during his first interrogation .
Testifying by video link from Arizona , Claus recalled , in particular , using the technique described as " fear up harsh " in interrogations of Khadr , during which he would kick the furniture and scream at the young prisoner .
He also admitted that he invented a rape story to scare him , explaining , as Spencer Ackerman described it in the Washington Independent :
" I told him a fictitious story we had invented when we were there , " Interrogator # 1 said .
It was something " three or four " interrogators at Bagram came up with after learning that Afghans were " terrified of getting raped and general homosexuality , things of that nature . "
The story went like this : Interrogator # 1 would tell the detainee , " I know you 're lying about something . "
And so , for an instruction about the consequences of lying , Khadr learned that lying " not so seriously " would n't land him in a place like " Cuba " - meaning , presumably , Guantánamo Bay - but in an American prison instead .
And this one time , a " poor little 20 - year - old kid " sent from Afghanistan ended up in an American prison for lying to an American .
" A bunch of big black guys and big Nazis noticed the little Afghan did n't speak their language , and prayed five times a day - he 's Muslim , " Interrogator # 1 said .
Although the fictitious inmates were criminals , " they 're still patriotic , " and the guards " ca n't be everywhere at once . "
" So this one unfortunate time , he 's in the shower by himself , and these four big black guys show up - and it's terrible something would happen - but they caught him in the shower and raped him .
And it 's terrible that these things happen , the kid got hurt and ended up dying , " Interrogator # 1 said .
" It 's all a fictitious story . "
Perhaps so , but as Ackerman also noted , every other interrogator who spoke to Khadr did so " after he heard a ‘ fictitious story ' about a young Afghan who lied to US interrogators and as a result was raped and killed in jail . "
In many ways , the events of the last two weeks were inconclusive , and it remains to be seen how the judge , Army Col.
Patrick Parrish , will interpret them .
Certainly , there was much worse abuse at Bagram and at Guantánamo than that experienced by Omar Khadr , but he was just a child during his time at Bagram and the early years of his abuse at Guantánamo , and it may well be that , as his lawyers assert , any self - incriminating statements that he made ( especially regarding the throwing of a grenade that may have taken place when he was face down and unconscious under a pile of rubble ) were produced because rape threats and physical violence based primarily on exploitation of his wounds was enough to terrify him into acquiescence with whatever his captors wanted .
The Pentagon shoots itself in the foot : four reporters banned
Ironically , the biggest story in Guantánamo last week was not the reports of Khadr 's treatment but the banning of four reporters ( including Michelle Shephard and Carol Rosenberg ) , after they revealed Claus ' name in newspaper reports .
The Pentagon alleged that this violated an order stipulating that Claus ' real name was protected information , but this was patently ridiculous , because his name was already in the public domain , and , in 2008 , he had even conducted an interview with Michelle Shephard .
Instead of protecting Claus , the Pentagon 's heavy - handed response served only to make other reporters wonder if the Pentagon was trying to prevent anyone from working out that , unlike Damien Corsetti , Claus served five months in prison for pleading guilty in a court martial to the abuse of an unidentified prisoner at Bagram , who was made " to roll back and forth on the floor and kiss the boots of his interrogator , " as Michelle Shephard described it , and for the assault of Dilawar .
In Shephard 's words , " He admitted to forcing water down the throat of Dilawar and twisting a hood over the Afghan 's head . "
Moreover , as another soldier explained in a military report into Dilawar 's death , " I had the impression that Josh was actually holding the detainee upright by pulling on the hood .
I was furious at this point because I had seen Josh tighten the hood of another detainee the week before .
This behavior seemed completely gratuitous and unrelated to intelligence collection . "
In his interview in 2008 , Claus insisted that he wanted to set the record straight .
" They 're trying to imply I 'm beating or torturing everyone I ever talked to [ at Bagram ] , " he said , adding that , with Khadr , " I spent a lot of time trying to understand who he was and what I could say to him or do for him , whether it be to bring him extra food or get a letter out to his family ... I needed to talk to him and get him to trust me . "
Responding last Thursday to a question about his conviction posed by Barry Coburn , Claus insisted that he " lost control at a very slight moment .
You 're talking about two - and - a - half minutes of my life . "
This may not technically be correct , as there was clearly more than one incident , but it is obvious that his actions were part of an abusive program sanctioned at the highest level of the Bush administration , and moreover , as Damien Corsetti explained , " the pressure to get information from prisoner at Bagram was intense . "
He told Col. Parrish , " This was less than a year after 9/11 so we 're all still pretty heated up about that .
This was life and death stuff we were supposedly dealing with .
There was just a ton of pressure on us to get information to save lives and generate reports . "
By banning the four reporters , the Pentagon has only succeeded in drawing attention to something it presumably wanted to hide : that Omar Khadr 's mistreatment in Bagram took place at time when the violence in the prison , sanctioned by the Bush administration , was so intense that prisoners died , and that his first interrogator was implicated in the murder of one of these men .
It does n't prove that Khadr was n't coerced into making false confessions , but it does n't augur well for claims that everything about his treatment was " conversational " and " non-confrontational . "
The Obama administration has until July , when Khadr 's trial is scheduled to start , to extricate itself from a public relations disaster of its own making , by formulating an acceptable plea deal for Khadr and arranging his return to Canada .
Too much about this story - from the trumped - up war crimes charges , to the doubts about Khadr 's guilt , to his age and the abuse to which , on occasion , he was undoubtedly subjected - makes proceeding with the trial an unpalatable and essentially pointless exercise .
It is , I believe , time , after nearly eight years , for his punishment to come to an end , and for his long - delayed rehabilitation to begin .
I expected the smears to come as soon as President Obama nominated someone to the high court , but apparently CBS loves their Box Turtle Ben , a known plagiarist .
Conservatives can do no wrong .
The White House ripped CBS News on Thursday for publishing an online column by a blogger who made assertions about the sexual orientation of Solicitor General Elena Kagan , widely viewed as a leading candidate for the Supreme Court .
Ben Domenech , a former Bush administration aide and Republican Senate staffer , wrote that President Obama would " please " much of his base by picking the " first openly gay justice . "
An administration official , who asked not to be identified discussing personal matters , said Kagan is not a lesbian .
CBS initially refused to pull the posting , prompting Anita Dunn , a former White House communications director who is working with the administration on the high court vacancy , to say : " The fact that they 've chosen to become enablers of people posting lies on their site tells us where the journalistic standards of CBS are in 2010 . "
She said the network was giving a platform to a blogger " with a history of plagiarism " who was " applying old stereotypes to single women with successful careers . "
The network deleted the posting Thursday night after Domenech said he was merely repeating a rumor .
As Duncan says :
Box Turtle Ben
If you 're a conservative , there 's nothing you can do which will prevent you from being embraced and promoted by the liberal media .
Box Turtle Ben has admitted that he was spreading around a rumor .
But why would CBS publish this unless it was confirmed ?
I would love to see a gay supreme court justice alongside Scalia and so would everyone in the liberal blogosphere , but we can't let the media allow rumors or lies to dictate any story .
Even Howard Kurtz was annoyed .
But the Washington Post ’s Howard Kurtz , who broke the story about the WH pressure , thinks Domenech ’s defense shows he does n’t understand how serious the rumormongering was , tweeting “ I do n’t care about Elena Kagan ’s sexual orientation , but for CBS to publish that rumor was obviously incendiary — and the WH was furious . ”
And it does n't matter if other liberals thought she might be gay , you do n't write something about a person unless you know it 's true .
Box Turtle Ben was using the old whisper campaign routine .
I have a few other people that I would pick over Kagan for the court , but Nixonian dirty tricks are really offensive .
Digby writes :
Why ?
Because every woman who is n't married after a certain age is assumed to be a lesbian by some people , even if she is n't , especially if she does n't look like a fashion model .
And social conservatives and gay rights activists ( for different reasons ) have a vested interest in her being seen as gay .
It 's not an insult but it is a misconception and one that is n't entirely benign to the person who is the subject of it .
If she says anything publicly to deny it , it sounds as though she has a prejudice against gay people and if she does n't deny it , she becomes known as something she is n't .
It 's not fair .
Ben Domenech is right wing hit man and always has been .
And he 's succeeded wildly here .
The rumors are now " out there " and Cokie 's Law is in effect .
How a known plagiarist came to be employed by CBS is the more interesting story , actually .
Especially for a man who 's known to hire hookers to powder and diaper him and then sing him to sleep .
Or at least that 's the rumor .
Not that there 's anything wrong with that .
And here 's where the origin of the Box Turtle began .
I 've been looking a little at this myself lately .
The original source , unfortunately , is not verifiable .
However , it 's basically not inconsistent with existing observations of Betelgeuse , which indicate that after a long period of fluctuation in size with a period on the order of several years , it has been shrinking continuously ( and at an increasing rate ) since 1993 .
If this does reflect a permanent change in the internal state of the star and Betelgeuse has entered its final collapse , we would expect it to become progressively more non-spherical as it collapses .
I imagine I do n't need to point out that the brightness estimates in the initial article are WAY off , though .
The original post uses SN1054 as a reference .
Let 's do that .
And let 's also look at SN1006 , although SN1006 was probably a Type 1a supernova .
SN1054 , at a distance estimated at 6300LY , is estimated based on accounts written at the time to have reached apparent magnitude - 6 .
SN1006 , the brightest extra-solar stellar event ever observed and recorded by humans , reached absolute magnitude - 7.5 from a distance estimated at 7200LY .
Measurements of Betelgeuse 's distance vary from 495LY to about 620LY , with the " best compromise " estimates considered to lie between 530LY and 570LY .
To start with , if we assume Betelgeuse would be like a SN1054 event , we can predict that simply by virtue of being between 11 and 12 times closer , a Type II supernova of Betelgeuse would appear somewhere in the region of 130 to 140 times brighter than SN1054 merely by virtue of being closer .
This would mean an apparent magnitude somewhere around - 12 , making it a little less than half as bright as the full moon ( magnitude - 12.92 ) .
This , however , assumes that Betelgeuse is just like the progenitor star of SN1054 , which it is not .
We believe that SN1054's progenitor star was between 9 and 11 solar masses .
This is about half the mass of Betelgeuse , estimated at 20 solar masses .
We can therefore expect Betelgeuse 's supernova to be a considerably more energetic event than SN1054 , but we do n't know by how much .
So let 's also compare to SN1006 , which was a full 1.5 magnitudes brighter than SN1054 despite being almost 1000LY further away .
We can readily calculate that SN1006 had to have an absolute luminosity on the order of 5.2 times that of SN1054 .
This is a little under two magnitudes .
So , if we assume that a Type II supernova of Betelgeuse would be at least as luminous as SN1054 ( a not unreasonable assumption ) , but no more luminous than SN1006 , we can ballpark its probable apparent magnitude at somewhere in the range of - 12 to - 14 , or , in other words , from roughly half to roughly twice the maximum brightness of the full moon .
( Remember , though , to visual observation it will be a point source .
It will be piercingly brilliant . )
But there is no way it 's going to be 12 to 13 magnitudes ( absolute ) brighter than SN1006 , which is what it would take to rival the Sun .
So , as bright as the full moon ?
Very likely .
As bright as the sun ?
Not a chance , unless something far more catastrophic happens than our understanding of stellar evolution would currently lead us to expect .
THE MOTHER OF ALL FORKS
A Guided Tour of Chess - The Chess Cafe , June 2000
The most elementary of all tactical devices is probably the fork .
But however elementary , it was hotly discussed recently in the electronic newsletter of an Amsterdam chess club .
This started when one contributor , commenting his Qd6 which attacked two Rooks on b8 and f4 , innocently called that a fork .
In the next issue , somebody else protested that this was n't a fork at all because the teeth of a real fork do not point away from each other .
When the discussion really got going , it turned out there were vastly different views about what a fork really is .
Some thought both teeth of a fork must point forward ; that only Knight and Pawn can fork ; that the King can do it too , but not the Rook , the Bishop or the Queen ; that a fork must be symmetrical ; that empty squares can be forked too ; that the attacker must be of less value than the attacked , ' because a fork cannot prod anything smaller than its teeth . '
There was also somebody who thought a fork is only a fork when the forking piece moves to the square where it forks .
That 's something I want to refute at once .
( See Diagram )
Black to play ; NN - Mannheimer , Frankfurt am Main 1921 .
With 1 ... Re4 ! , Black activated the fork that Ke5 already gave .
White resigned ; he loses a piece .
Just like the readers of that newsletter , chess encyclopedias disagree about the fork .
They all say it is a double attack in different directions by one piece or a pawn , but sometimes that is the whole definition ( and in that case empty squares count too , making any move , except h2 - h4 and Ba1 - h8 , a fork ) and sometimes again , it is only the Pawn which can fork .
In my own definition that I use here , not so much to be pedantic as to limit the subject , I 'm adding a clause that I saw nowhere else : the double or multiple attack must not be aimed at the King ; in that case it is a ' Family Check ' .
The basic fork , agreed , is a pawn prodding two pieces ; one of the first tactics a beginner encounters .
Often a gross blunder allows one , and one soon learns the part it plays in standard pseudo sacrifices like 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Nc3 Bc5 4.Nxe5 Nxe5 5.d4
An elementary but surprising serial fork happened in Grigoriev - Panikovsky , Kurgan 1972 : 1.e4 c5 2.Nc3 Nc6 3.g3 g6 4.Bg2 Bg7 5.d3 d6 6.f4 Nh6 7.Nf3 f5 8.O - O O - O 9.h3 Nf7 10 .
Be3 Nd4 11.Qd2 Rb8 12 .Bf2 fxe4 13 . Nxd4 A Zwischenzug .
( See Diagram ) But Black had the Zwischen - Zwischenzug 13 ... e3 !
and after Q or Bxe3 there would follow something resembling a multiple jump in draughts ; cxd4 and dxe3 or dxc3 .
After 14 . Ne6 exf2 + , White resigned .
Another sort of serial fork is seen in the next diagram .
In Kochiev - Tal , Moscow 1981 , Black played 25 ... d2 , forking the Rooks , but also vacating d3 where a second fork of those same Rooks will follow : 26 .
Qxd2 Nd3 winning the exchange and a little later the game .
A funny case of a fork met by a counterfork : ( See Diagram ) White to play ; Tretyakov - Zhuravlev , Riga 1978 .
White saw a fork which wins a pawn : 1.dxe5 dxe5 2.Qc3
But he did n't see the counterfork : 2 ... Bb4 3 . Qxe5 Qxe5 4. Nxe5 Bc3 which wins a piece .
An unusual fork happened in Razuvajev - Mestrovic , Keszthely 1981 ( See Diagram ) With 38 .
Nh7 ! , White won the exchange ( Rxc8 39 . Nxf6 + ) and soon the game .
And the dumbest fork that I ever saw happened in a game of an ( ex - ) world champion .
In Christiansen - Karpov , Wijk aan Zee , 1993 ( See Diagram ) Black played 11 ... Bd6 , and resigned after 12.Qd1 .
There are several standard middlegame traps which are based on forks - here is one which has made many victims over the years .
It was first seen in Norman - Vidmar , Hastings 1925 : 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.Nc3 Bg7 4.Nf3 O - O 5.e4 d6 6.Bd3 Bg4 7.h3 Bxf3 8.Qxf3 Nc6 9.Be3 Nd7 10 .Ne2 ? ( See Diagram ) And now 10 ... Nce5 won a pawn , and destroyed White 's position .
After 11.dxe5 Nxe5 12.Qg3 Nxd3 + 13.Kf1 c5 14.h4 Qd7 15.h5 Qe6 16 .Rh4 Qxc4 17.hxg6 fxg6 18 .Qh3 Nxf2 19 .
Bxf2 Bd4 , White resigned .
The exact position of the diagram has occurred more often - I found 12 games with it , the last one from 1998 .
In a slightly different form , in another opening , it has also happened 13 times - at surprisingly high levels .
The premiere of that fork was :
Ljubojevic - Timman , Tilburg 1978 : 1.e4 d6 2.d4 Nf6 3.Nc3 g6 4.f4 Bg7 5.Nf3 c5 6.dxc5 Qa5 7.Bd3 Qxc5 8.Qe2 O - O 9.Be3 Qa5 10.O - O Bg4 11.Qf2 Bxf3 12.Qxf3 Nc6 13.Ne2 Nd7 14.c3 ( See Diagram ) 14 ... Nde5 15.fxe5 Nxe5 16 .Qh3 Nxd3 17.Qd7 Qa6 18 . Qxe7 Rae8 19 .Qh4 d5 20 .Ng3 f5 21.e5 f4 22 .
Bxf4 Qb6 + 23.Kh1 Nf2 + 24 .Rxf2 Qxf2 25.Rf1 Qxb2 26.Qg5 and White resigned .
You'd think this would have been a good warning , but with a minor modification ( pawn h2 being at h3 because of the intermediate 11.h3 Bxf3 12. Qxf3 etc. ) this has also happened in , among others :
Zapata - Chernin , Cienfiegos 1981
Hübner - Korchnoi , Skelleftea 1989
Korneev - Van Wely , Krumbach 1991
All together , I found 34 games where this Ne5 - fork was possible .
It was missed 6 times - never in master games , except for this one :
Gligoric - Pirc , Bad Pyrmont 1951 : 1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 d6 3.d4 cxd4 4.Nxd4 Nf6 5.Nc3 a6 6.f4 Qc7 7.Bd3 Bg4 8.Nf3 Nc6 9.h3 Bxf3 10 . Qxf3 e6 11.O - O Be7 12 . Be3 O - O 13.Ne2 Nd7 14.c3 ( See Diagram ) 14 ... Rad8 That 14.c3 looks like a trap , but I do n't see why Ne5 could n't have been played : 15. fxe5 Nxe5 16.Qg3 Nxd3 17 . Bh6 Qc5 + followed by Qe5 , and Black seems to be better .
In reality , White won after : 15 .
Rad1 d5 16.e5 Bc5 17 .Nd4 Bxd4 18.cxd4 f5 19.g4 g6 20.gxf5 gxf5 21.Kh1 Kh8 22.Rg1 Rg8 23 .Qh5 Rde8 24 .Qh6 Nd8 25 .Bf2 Nf8 26 .Bh4 Rg6 27 .Bf6 + Kg8 28.h4 and Black resigned .
Indredibly , even one world champion fell victim to this fork , be it in a rapid play - off game .
In Anand - Kramnik , Mainz 2001 ( see diagram ) , Black played 16 ... Rb8 , with a threat that Anand missed .
17.O - O Nce5 Winning a pawn , because after 18. fxe5 Nxe5 19 .
Qg3 Nxd3 the c2 - pawn was overloaded .
After 20.cxd3 Rxb3 , Anand somehow miraculously managed to draw .
This is the only extended example of the Ne5 - fork - it does not regain the piece immediately , but exploits a defensive fork , as White 's overloaded pawn c2 might be termed .
For forks aimed purely at winning material there is nothing like this study : ( See Diagram ) White to play and draw ; A. Herbstmann & L. Kubbel , 1st Prize , Troitzky - Tourney , 1937 .
White cannot stop the pawn by ordinary means ; moves are dictated by family checks on f3 ; knight - stalemates ; pinning stalemates by a new Queen on e1 ; and by the knowledge that the endgame of three Knights against one Knight is won - something first demonstrated by Troitzky .
1.Ng1 Ne3 + ( Nf4 + 2.Kh1 e1N 3.Nf3 + Nxf3 stalemate ) 2.Kh3 Nf4 + ( 2...e1N 3.Nf3 + Nxf3 with a beautiful three - Knight stalemate ) 3.Kh2 Ng4 + ( Not 3 ...e1N 4.Nf3 + Nxf3 + 5.Kg3 and White forks two Knights ; or again 3 ... Nf1 + 4.Kh1 e1N 5.Nf3 + Nxf3 stalemate ) 4.Kh1 Nf2 + ( Again both promotions are , or lead to stalemate ) 5.Kh2 e1N Finally .
No stalemate seems in sight .
6.Nf3 + Nxf3 + 7.Kg3 ( See Diagram )
A fork of three Knights - Black needs them all to win .
So he must play 7 ... Ke3 , but that is stalemate once again .
Witty and beautiful , this belongs to my 10 favorite endgame studies .
A unique sort of fork is seen in this amazing study .
( See Diagram ) White to play and draw ; F. Simkhovich , 1st Prize Turkmenskaya Iskra , 1940 .
After 1.cxd4 Rxe4
Black wins , and after random Bishop moves , the Rd4 just moves away , and again Black wins .
1.Bf5 ! however , restricts Black .
1 ... Rde4 then fails to 2.Kh3 , and 1 ... Rg5 to 2.g7 Kxf7 3.g8Q + Kxg8 ( the Rg5 must keep attacking the Bf5 ) 4.Be6 + , and White has time for cxd4 .
Therefore , Black must choose between 1 ... Rc4 and Ra4 .
But wherever the black Rook goes , there follows a sort of perpetual fork , e.g. 1 ... Rc4 2.Be6 Kf8 ( 2...Ra4 3.Bd7 etc. ) 3.Kh3 Rge4 4.Bd5 Kg7 5.Kh2 Ra4 6.Bc6 Rec4 7.Bb5 Rg4 8.Bd7 Rae4 9.Bf5 and so on , always keeping both Rooks under attack and never capturing one .
For each pair of squares that the Rooks have , there is a corresponding square for the Bishop .
And if Black makes his waiting move again ; 9 ...Kf8 , White makes his waiting move : 10 .Kh3 ! and the double attack continues .
e.g. 10 ... Kg7 11.Kh2 ! Rc4 12 .Be6 etcetera .
That is not all in this ingenious study .
One might wonder why 1.Bf3 does not work .
The same perpetual fork seems possible from the other side ; 1 ... Rc4 2.Be2 Ra4 3.Bd1 Rge4 4.Bc2 Rec4 5 .Bb3 etc .
In that case however , Black exploits a hidden weakness in White 's position : after 1.Bf3 ?
he plays 1 ... Ra4 ( he can also shuffle around for a bit first ) 2.Bd1 Kf8 !
and now it turns out that White 's waiting move has a surprise drawback : 3.Kh3 Ra1 !
4 . Bxg4 Rh1 mate .
In the middlegame , an appealing sort of fork can be aimed at a Queen and a Rook defending against a back rank mate together .
Two well - known examples :
Bernstein - Capablanca
Moscow 1914 Mikenas - Bronstein
Tallinn 1965
Top | Main Chess Page |
Bill O'Reilly brought on " immigration expert " Lou Dobbs to talk about the Arizona police - state immigration law last night on his Fox News show .
As you might expect , we were treated to the kind of judgment and insight that led to Dobbs ' removal from his anchor 's seat at CNN .
Both agreed that the new law was " obviously " perfectly constitutional , and Dobbs went so far as to predict that it would easily withstand any court challenge .
With that in hand , the conversation went this way :
O'Reilly : If 70 percent of the country supports the Arizona law , according to the latest polls -- 70 percent !
If the Obama administration sues Arizona , that 's it for them !
They 're done !
To me , it 's a bluff !
Dobbs : I personally believe -- whether it's a bluff or whether it's a foreshadowing of their intent -- I truly believe it would be a great thing for America if this administration would sue the state of Arizona .
O'Reilly : You want them to sue .
Dobbs : Absolutely .
O'Reilly : Why ?
Dobbs : Because we need clarity in this country .
We need -- enough of the rhetoric from the left , the right , any of these factions .
Let 's talk about the responsibilities of the federal government , the responsibilities of the state government -- the last I looked , they had n't suspended the Tenth Amendment of the Constitution .
Arizona has every right to be taking these steps , particularly where this government is quite consciously , this administration , quite consciously , is refusing to enforce immigration law , either internally or at the border .
In other words , Dobbs too believes it would destroy the Obama administration -- and thus he wants them to do it .
Because he 's also so certain it would be upheld .
Anyone wanna bet that if and when the courts overturn the law , Dobbs will declare that everything is in chaos as a result ?
I have a simple rule for judging the accuracy of a newspaper , a periodical , a television program , and any other mechanism intended to report events accurately .
If I read a report about an event I 've attended or a subject which I know in detail and I find factual errors that modest research would have corrected ( errors of opinion are fine , though why do even the mothers of Paul Krugman and Thomas Friedman read their nonsense ? ) , I assume that said venue is as wrong about subjects about which I know even less .
Yes , it 's been three months already , and the PERL IZ IMPARSABLES !!!!
subject has come up yet again .
This time , a message from late last year lamenting the fizzling out of a project to port Perl 5 to the JVM spurred an awful Reddit headline ( but I repeat myself ) .
Everything I wrote in On Parsing Perl 5 still applies .
If you have n't read and understood it , opining about what Perl 5 does and does n't do and what this does and does n't apply contributes only to the endless 4 channing of the Internet , and you should stop doing so .
With that said , with everyone now understanding that only undeclared barewords , modified operand contexts , and unparenthesized arity changes have any bearing on the successful static parsing of arbitrary Perl 5 code , the problem is n't as difficult as the email makes it sound .
It 's not trivial , and I 'm not volunteering to do it , but it 's not impossible and it does n't require reimplementing Perl 5's parser in Java .
The secret is indirection .
Consider the code :
say foo 1 , 2 , 3 ;
Without any prototype on foo( ) , Perl 5 considers it a listary function which slurps up the arguments 1 , 2 , and 3 .
Its return value , if any , is the single argument to say .
With a prototype on foo( ) , the proper interpretation might be to consume only one argument , or only two arguments .
At this point some people look at the static parsing possibilities of Perl 5 and throw up their hands .
Yet the only place where any Perl 5 implementation really needs to know how many arguments the bare - word foo without parentheses needs to consume is at the point of execution ...
... at which point foo( ) has a prototype , whether the " No one has given it a prototype , so it 's listary ! " or a defined prototype .
In other words , all a static parser needs to do when it encounters a syntactic situation like this where the runtime behavior is uncertain is emit code that can look up foo 's prototype when it comes time to evaluate the containing expression .
( A polymorphic inline cache could even make such code efficient , unless you want to allow code rewriting ... but optimization takes place after the proof of concept works . )
Your syntax highlighter still might get this wrong , but executing Perl 5 code correctly in this case is still possible even if you do n't evaluate code during compilation .
One caveat to this approach is that certain compilation errors are difficult — the strict pragma 's distaste for undeclared barewords , for example — though there are ways around that , as well .
Even so , as the mailing list message suggested , eliminating ( euphemistically , discouraging ) certain Perl 5 syntactic constructs would make parsing Perl 5 much more effective .
I 'm not sure how to handle source filters , for example .
Did Lugo kick dirt on Willingham ?
If you saw Josh Willingham hit the walk - off home run in the 10th inning of the rubber game between the Orioles and the Nats , you likely watched the completion of his home run trot .
Nothing better than seeing the dogpile at home plate , plus for once Rob Dibble was n't really bellowing or anything .
And if you watched closely , you might have seen something interesting as Willingham headed from second base to third .
The video is here , and the relevant screen grabs are below .
First , Willingham smashed a Cla Meredith sinker over the left - center wall .
It was gone from the jump , so Willingham took a tiny glance of admiration as the ball left the park .
" I was taking a strike and he threw a good one to hit on the 0 - 0 pitch , " Willingham later told MASN 's Debbi Taylor .
" Then he threw me a couple of sliders , so I kind of figured a sinker was coming , and he threw it , left it up a little bit and I hit it well .
I feel like when I 'm getting some pitches to hit , I 'm hitting them hard .
That 's about all you can do , look for your pitch to hit and it hit hard . "
Since the game was technically over at this point , the Orioles and the umpires began leaving the field .
As you can see , the Orioles began walking toward their dugout on the third - base line .
But one player -- shortstop Julio Lugo , I believe -- walked perpendicular to his teammates , straight toward the jogging Willingham .
This is what 's known in the parlance of sophisticated sports writers as a " collision course . "
That means they 're going to bonk into each other .
As the two players approach doomsday , the Lugo draws back his right foot in an ominous manner .
Willingham is , of course , clueless to this impending threat , instead trying to figure out how hard Wil Nieves -- who ? -- will smash him on the head when he jumps on home plate .
The foot comes forward .
And the foot kicks dirt .
I realize that this looks like he could just as easily be goose - stepping as kicking dirt , but watch the video for yourself and decide .
Judging by anonymous commenters on Twitter and the Internet , at least a few people noticed this live .
" O's Third baseman [ sic ] certainly kicked dirt at Willingham , " @Alloystang wrote .
" As soon as he did our section freaked out .
Bush league ball there . "
" Did anyone see Lugo kick dirt on Willingham on the base path between 2nd and 3rd after the walk off ? " someone asked on Nats Journal .
" We need to buzz him next time we pitch to him - bush . "
" I saw it , " DoubleJs07 chimed in .
" Lugo kicked dirt at him when he was about to round third LOL . "
" hahahahaha lugo kicked dirt on willingham as he went by , " someone posted on the Inside MD Sports game thread .
" We watched that dirt kicking a few times .
It was hilarious , " someone else added .
Well , all 's well that ends well , I guess .
Willingham did n't seem to so much as glance at the dirt kicker in his rear - view , instead heading home toward the dog pile and another afternoon of Silver Elvisdom .
Sadly , Wil Nieves was kind of frozen out of the head pounding .
( Thanks to @imissrfk and @twebster1229 . )
( See also : an Oriolionals shirt .
Just because . )
I am out of town this week on a special project – more details will follow when I have the green light to start promoting it .
So my posting will be a bit erratic this week .
Just a quick post for today .
I want to point out that Age of Autism , the anti-vaccine propaganda blog of Generation Rescue , has really gone over the top in their witch hunt against anyone who dares try to educate the public about vaccines and correct the constant flow of misinformation that comes from the anti-vaccine ideologues .
Their chosen method of attack is alleged conflicts of interest – and it is truly a witch hunt .
The core features of a witch hunt are that the accusation of guilt is treated as being equal to guilt , and that the rules of evidence of so fluid and vague that even “ spectral ” evidence is accepted – anything that creates even the impression of guilt .
The target of their latest smear is my colleague David Gorski , in a post by the truly clueless Jake Crosby .
David saw this one coming , and even tried to head it off by telling Jake , both privately and publicly over at SBM , that his information is incorrect or at least misleading .
Jake , apparently , is uneducable .
Jake is running a particular witch hunt known as the “ pharma shill gambit . ”
The game here is to find any tenuous connection between a scientist and a pharmaceutical company and then try to pull the Jedi mind trick on readers and convince them the connection is a genuine conflict of interest .
Jake would have his readers believe that because David is employed by Wayne State University , and because Wayne State received research grants from Sanofi - Aventis , and Sanofi - Aventis manufactures vaccines – therefore David indirectly receives money from the vaccine industry , and this is an undisclosed conflict of interest ( which he has already disclosed , but explained is not a conflict ) .
Got it ?
Keep in mind , David does not get research grant money from Sanofi - Aventis or any pharmaceutical company .
He has not received any pharmaceutical money at all in 14 years – somewhat unusual for an academic medical researcher .
He has never done vaccine research .
He has never been paid to consult for vaccine , lecture about vaccines , or express an opinion about vaccines .
He is squeaky clean .
But according to Jake – everyone salaried by every university that has ever received money from any pharmaceutical company that has ever produced a vaccine – is a shill for the vaccine industry .
It would be laughable if these clowns were not actually using this kind of spectral evidence to conspiracy - monger and scare parents away from a safe and effective health care measure .
Australian prime minister Kevin Rudd to honour election pledge to try to stop Japan 's annual cull of 1,000 whales
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Japan 's whaling programme faces a potentially decisive legal challenge next week , after Australia said today it would turn to the international court of justice to end Tokyo's annual whale culls in the Southern Ocean .
Australia 's environment minister , Peter Garrett , said the decision proved his country 's commitment to " bring to an end Japan 's programme of so - called scientific whaling " .
Japan kills just under 1,000 mainly minke whales in the Antarctic every year , using a provision in the 1986 moratorium on commercial whaling that allows it to conduct " lethal research " into the mammals .
The meat from the hunts is sold in restaurants and supermarkets .
The Australian prime minister , Kevin Rudd , has come under pressure to honour a 2007 election pledge to ban whaling in an area the country considers a whale sanctuary .
Japan does not recognise the sanctuary and insists its whaling fleet operates in international waters .
Rudd 's critics had accused him of reneging on his promise for fear of angering Japan , which is Australia 's second biggest export market .
The Australian foreign minister , Stephen Smith , said the International Whaling Commission 's failure to find a diplomatic solution had left the government with no choice .
" The Australian government has not taken this decision lightly , " he said .
But recent statements by whaling countries in the commission have provided Australia with little cause for hope that our serious commitment to conservation of the world 's whales will be reflected in any potential IWC compromise agreement . "
Although both countries were quick to characterise the forthcoming legal battle as a dispute between friends , Japan 's agriculture minister , Hirotaka Akamatsu , described the announcement as " extremely regrettable " , and insisted that the scientific hunts were permitted by international law .
The announcement comes as the IWC prepares to meet in Morocco in an attempt to resolve long - standing differences between pro- and anti-whaling nations .
The body will discuss a controversial proposal that would allow Japan , Iceland and Norway to resume commercial whaling , provided they observe strict quotas that will be reduced over the next decade .
Australia has yet to reveal details of the case it plans to make in the Hague , but experts said it could argue that Japan kills far too many whales than is necessary to conduct scientific research .
It may also try to convince the court that Japan could study whales without killing them , and that the open sale of whale meat constitutes a violation of the 25 - year - old ban on commercial whaling .
New Zealand , a vocal opponent of whaling , said it would continue to negotiate with Japan , but did not rule out joining Australia in court should diplomatic efforts fail .
Japan 's whaling programme is coming under increased scrutiny at home with the start yesterday of the trial of Peter Bethune , a member of the Sea Shepherd marine conservation group .
Bethune , a 45 - year - old New Zealander , was arrested after boarding the Shonan Maru 2 whaling ship to protest against the February sinking of the group 's high - tech powerboat , the Ady Gil , following a collision with the Japanese vessel the previous month .
Yesterday Bethune pleaded guilty to four charges , including trespassing and obstruction of business , but denied the most serious charge of assault relating to clashes between the whalers and Sea Shepherd in February .
He faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted .
The alleged victim of the assault , Takashi Kominami , today told the Tokyo district court how he had sustained injuries to his face from a bottle containing rancid butter that prosecutors say was thrown by Bethune .
" I heard voices saying ' Yoo - hoo ! ' from the [ Sea Shepherd ] boat .
I tried to turn towards the boat but my vision became blurred , my eyes hurt and I could hardly open them , " he said .
Kominami said Bethune should be " severely punished " for the alleged attack : " I am angry .
But I do n't think he feels any remorse at all . "
He admitted , however , that he had not actually seen Bethune launch the bottle that struck him .
A further hearing will be held on Monday , and a verdict is expected next month .
We start and end our day with a cup of coffee .
When it is such an important part of our everyday life , it becomes equally important to have the best coffee .
You can obviously go to the fancy cafes and get a coffee for $ 5 bucks , but if you are a coffee - loving person ( like us ) , you ’d definitely like to brew your own coffee at home .
In order to brew the best cup of coffee , you ’d need the right set of coffee gears and guides .
There are varieties of coffee gears online depending on the type of coffee you ’d want to brew .
Choosing from over hundreds of models can be really confusing as a buyer , which is why Our Coffee Barn aims to simplify the buying process fo you .
We have researched for hours together evaluating all the top-rated products online , this data is then converted to a user - friendly buyer guide .
All you have to do is choose the relevant guide , go through it and then make a buying decision , easy - peasy is n’t it ?
Why are so many radicals rejecting science as a right - wing conspiracy — and embracing irrationality instead ?
[ This article originally appeared in the May - June 2004 issue of This . ]
If you ’ve spent any time in activist circles recently , you ’ve probably noticed the rise of the anti-vaccination movement .
In a growing number of “ alternative ” and progressive communities , parents are refusing to immunize their children .
Vaccines , critics claim , are n’t necessary for good health — they ’re merely another set of drugs foisted on the public by profit - hungry pharmaceutical companies .
Not only that , they ’re dangerous ; they ’re the cause of rising autism rates in children .
This anti­-vaccine argument has been cropping up more and more in protest movements .
A while ago , I dropped by a leftwing bookstore in my neighbourhood , and found — nestled among the handbills for anti-Bush protests and yoga pamphlets — an invitation to a lecture on “ the vaccine myth . ”
While checking out the discussions on an alternative parenting website at the University of Western Ontario , I read a call - to­ arms claiming that “ refusing to vaccinate ” your kids is a cool way to [ … ] the evil right - wing health - care empire .
This is no longer a fringe view ; plenty of parents across Canada are heeding the call , as was evidenced last year when whooping cough broke out in nine kids in London , Ontario .
At least one of the kids ’ parents had refused vaccination , apparently on the advice of a chiropractor , another popular source of alternative medical advice .
It is a really weird shift .
Just a few decades ago , vaccination seemed like the quintessential public good , something that all people — especially progressives — ought to support .
Vaccines have been proven to save millions of children , particularly those in poor communities , from death or disability .
But now the anti-vaccine argument is becoming gospel even among alternative healers , as Kumanan Wilson , an assistant professor of medicine at the University of Toronto , recently discovered .
He polled 312 . students at the Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine — which emphasizes holistic treatment and natural remedies — to ask how they felt about vaccines .
Only 12.8 percent of the students said they would recommend their patients ’ children get a full set of vaccinations ; 67 percent believed that vaccines are “ highly or moderately risky . ”
The problem is , this anti-vaccine argument has zero basis in science .
It is driven purely by the hunches and superstitions of spooked - out parents and not - terribly - well - informed activists .
It ’s true that vaccines have side effects ; they cause sore arms and allergic reactions in a small percentage of cases .
But no one has ever proven a link between vaccination and autism in a peer - reviewed study — the widely accepted standard for scientific proof .
With peer review , the idea is that an experiment must be performed rigorously enough to convince other experts in the field — the only people qualified to know .
Before that ’s happened , you ’re not allowed to call your results significant .
Autism - vaccine research has not reached that level yet .
In fact , the peer - reviewed research that does exist suggests that there is no connection between autism and vaccination .
In Denmark , researchers checked health records for children born from 1971 to 2000 .
Even though the Danish government had eliminated thimerosal ( the preservative that anti-vaccination people believe causes autism ) from its vaccines in 1992 , rates of autism have continued to increase .
Another Danish team checked the records of 500,000 Danes vaccinated for pertussis , and found that autism rates were no different for those who got thimerosal and those who did n’t .
Scads of other peer - reviewed studies have found the same thing .
It ’s true that autism rates are rising , for reasons still mysterious ; there is not a scrap of scientific proof showing that vaccines are to blame .
Yet here ’s the bigger problem .
You can wave this evidence around all you want ; you can cite as many lab reports as you can lay your hands on .
But it has not convinced the growing number of critics who regard all manner of studies and scientifc reports with gimlet - eyed suspicion .
This is the truly scary thing that ’s happening : A highly vocal part of contemporary alternative culture is in a fast retreat from science .
For them , it is nothing more than a right - wing conspiracy .
The new enemies are the guys wearing lab coats .
This cultural clash has a name and an intellectual backdrop .
In the academe , they call it the “ Science Wars . ”
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , postmodern theorists energized the left with a powerful idea : that most of the people in society who claimed to be authorities were really just pushing ideological agendas .
At first , the targets of this critique were the obvious ones : right - wing politicians , conservative economists , and family values nuts — people who regularly claim their opinions are objectively true .
But pretty soon science , too , came under the gun .
For postmodern and identity politics thinkers , science seemed infused with the same sort of pompous faux - authority as right - wing politicians .
All those white guys with Geiger counters , measuring stuff into beakers !
It seemed like a transparently ideological ploy to bludgeon people into believing that science was the ultimate dispassionate authority .
Sure , scientists might claim they only seek truth — but in the nineties , the very idea of truth became politically suspect .
In a postmodern world , everything is subjective ; truth is just a grim fight among opposing groups ; and science is just another ir1 fluence­pedd1ing scam .
As you might imagine , this critique began to annoy real , practicing scientists .
Physicists were particularly irritated , since they deal with things like gravity speed and mass , which are kind of hard to shrug off as “ subjective ” ( especially if you ’ve ever been in , say , a car crash ) .
In 1994 , a physicist named Alan Sokal hatched a plan to humiliate the po-mo critics of science .
The influential journal Social Text had announced that it would do an issue themed on the Science Wars .
Sokal submitted a mock essay claiming that “ physical ‘ reality ’ no less than social ‘ reality ’ is at bottom a social and linguistic construct ” and went on to present a mangled argument suggesting that the laws of physics are just a matter of opinion .
The spoof was so over - the top and ham - fìsted that Sokal assumed any half - awake scientist — actually , any “ undergraduate physics or math major ” he later wrote — ought to have been able to recognize it was a hoax .
But the Social Text editors did n’t .
They did n’t even vet the paper with actual physicists ; what did those poseurs know anyway ?
The editors never suspected Sokal ’s argument was a parody , because it supported their view that science was just as ideological as politics .
So they published it .
When Sokal revealed his hoax , the resulting controversy hit the front page of newspapers across the country and created an enormous cultural rift : Leftwing social theorists huffily claimed
The ruse proved nothing ; scientists grew snarlier and nastier and more self - righteous .
Ten years later , both sides are still seething about it .
When I met the editor of Social Text at a literary conference , I made the mistake of trying to joke about the Sokal hoax .
The editor fixed me with an icy stare and refused to talk to me for the rest ofthe meeting .
It might seem that this is just an airy debate , but the Science Wars have infected — and reflected — trends in activist thought .
A troubling number of progressives have swallowed whole the idea that scientists are as laden with agendas as Ayn Rand or the Fraser Institute .
Convinced that science is just politics by anather name , many have gone off in the opposite direction — and embraced irrationality .
It ’s particularly noticeable in the world of alternative health and medicine , where the counterculture ’s tendency toward crystal - waving has metastasized into full hippie dementia .
Walk into a health - food store these days and it ’s like stumbling into a medieval fair , crammed full of garlic enemas and magnetic devices for reorienting your energy .
This might all seem like charming lunacy , but the alternative - health industry is enjoying a boom bigger than the snake - oil sales of 19th - century America : According to research by AC Nielsen , 48 percent of Canadians have used herbal remedies .
Statistics Canada figures indicate that 10 million Canadians have used herbal remedies and similar products — an increase of 25 percent since 1995 .
And those healing aids are n’t required to scientifically prove their claims .
They can just sit on the shelf and soak up the good vibes .
This is not to say one should n’t criticize science .
Some concerns about it are clearly valid .
The dominance of men in science , for example , explains part of why research into women ’s health has lagged behind studies of male disorders .
The same goes for research into illnesses that affect third world populations .
And as progressives have long noted , there ’s the question of corporate influence .
Last year I spent a weekend at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , a famous lab for marine biology and genetic science .
One evening , I attended a lecture by Craig Venter , the founder of Celera , the private company that sequenced the entire human genome .
Venter asked the audience if we had any questions .
Annalee Newitz , a journalist , posed an interesting one .
In the near future , she pointed out , we ’re likely to see designer genetic therapies : Doctors will scan your personal genome and design a drug or therapy specific to your condition .
But the question is , if Celera were to scan your genome , who would own that information ?
Would you have the rights to it yourself ?
Or would Celera get it ?
If a doctor wanted to make a drug to help you out , would she have to pay Celera for the rights to your genetic information ?
Would Celera , in effect , control the most basic information about who you are ?
Venter coughed uncomfortably .
He launched into a rambling discussion of some minutiae of genetic sequencing .
Newitz asked the question again , and he dodged it again .
Venter either did n’t know the answer , or — more likely — he did n’t want to admit the scarier proposition : that people like him fully intend to make buckets of cash by owning people ’s genetic information .
Celera is the world ’s most advanced genetic - sequenc ing company ; it ’s also a profìt - making enterprise .
If they and their competitors are going to make money , it ’ll be by owning a piece of you .
The real danger in the world of science right now is n’t scientists and their political agendas .
It ’s corporations .
In the past few decades , governments worldwide have cut back on their willingness to support pure science — particularly expensive science like genetics .
Instead , they ’ve been leaving it up to for - profit firms like Celera and bioengineering firms like Monsanto .
Whatever positive contributions have been made by for - profit science , there ’s one inescapable fact : it exists to serve the market , and the market often has no interest in the public good .
Ever wonder why there is n’t a vaccine for AIDS ?
It ’s certainly possible to create and it would save the lives of billions of the world ’s poorest people .
But there ’s no money in it .
In the crude calculus of the market , people infected With AIDS are more profitable than ones who ’ve been inoculated against it ; they buy more pills .
Almost no pharmaceutical company will bother with the incredible expense and legal liability of developing a vaccine .
That ’s why , right now , there is only one lone company working seriously on an HIV vaccine .
University researchers , theoretically , are free to do whatever research they want , but since so much research funding comes from corporations now , they ’re in the same bind .
Recently , University of Pennsylvania researchers announced a breakthrough in using stem cells for therapeutic purposes .
What were they doing ?
Replacing heart valves ?
Growing new livers ?
Rebuilding spinal cords ?
Nope .
They were figuring out how to use stem cells to cure baldness .
Hair loss is a $ 1 - billion - a - year industry in the U.S. alone , so there ’s plenty of money to support research for the follically challenged .
At this rate , we ’ll have cutting - edge ways to cure comb-overs before We stop AIDS .
It should n’t be a surprise that scientists are horrifìed by the way corporations are gaining control of their work .
Many have told me — off the record , since they ’re afraid for their jobs — that entire areas of public interest science are languishing because so much science is now under private control .
Research into energy efficiency , a crucial area of science , is sketchy because the oil and gas industries regard it as a threat to their market and wo n’t pay for it .
Governments are not stepping up to the plate either » - because no one is pressuring them .
“ Science ” is never a campaign issue because the free - market right does n’t want the government involved in profitable discoveries .
And progressives wo n’t take it on because they ’re blinded by the ridiculous cultural Wars of the last decade , a quest for alternatives to traditional health care and a hissing intellectual objection to the idea of “ objectivity ” to take it on as an issue .
The problem with many of science ’s critics is that they fundamentally do not understand the way science works .
Sure , scientists can be jerked around by corporate money and put to work on stupid , seemingly pointless projects .
But they are not , by and large , ideological freaks bent on lording their intellectual power over the public .
On the contrary , I ’d argue that scientists are the paradigm of the good citizen .
They ’re staunch believers in meritocracy and wildly suspicious of authority — hell , they ’re practically anarchistic in orientation .
A scientist will never accept any argument on face value , no matter who yells it at them or how powerful that person is .
The inverse is also true :
If an unknown grad student at a minor school discovers data that upends accepted wisdom , it does n’t matter if she ’s a total nobody ; smart scientists will always accept her conclusions , even if it means changing their most basic beliefs .
This is the lovely paradox that stands at the heart ofthe scientifìc method .
We believe scientific facts to be true — even though the whole point of science is to overturn sacred cows , usher in new “ facts ” and make us realize we were wrong all along .
Far from being ideologically blindered , scientists have a deeply nuanced understanding that the World is never quite as it seems , because they know that at any point in their lives someone could make a discovery that shakes them to their foundations .
Mind you , to win over a scientist , you ca n’t just blather at them :
You have to prove you ’re right .
You have to offer data that back up your assertion .
The scientific method means that to prove your point , you have to find other people who can independently reproduce your results ; it ’s an inherently communal system .
In our increasingly ideological world , where the rich and powerful win battles by shouting down their opponents , you would expect the left to embrace science as a wonderful ideal .
“ How nice it is not to have to take people at their dogma , ” the science writer Natalie Angier wrote in an essay two years ago , “ but to be able to ask , in that snarly , whiny , chummy way that scientists do , what exactly the evidence is . ”
That ’s the main reason I fell in love with science .
I started my career as a political writer , but soon realized that politics was n’t a game of progress .
On the contrary , human history is pretty much just the same grim cycle over and over : A group of people gain power , then use it to screw over everyone else .
Rinse and repeat .
Open today ’s paper and you ’1l see stories of Paul Martin ’s graft , or tax cuts for the rich , or First Nations bands wrestling over ancient land claims .
Go back 3,000 years and you ’ll find hieroglyphs describing esseniially the same things .
This is not to disparage political activism ; the sheer intractabiìity of injustice is why we have a moral imperative to fight it .
But when I started writing about science , I felt , for the first time in a long while , an unusual emotion : optimism .
The dogged focus on progress , on knowing a bit more about the world than we knew a few years ao , is insanely infectious .
A while ago , I wandered into a cancer lab at Harvard and watched bleary - eyed grad students injecting thousands of genetic samples into test tubes for analysis over and over and over again .
It was a humbling scene : Young kids spending hours and hours doing the most mind - numbingly boring repetitive tasks , all on the off - chance that it might lead somewhere good .
Sure , they ’re hoping to advance their careers — but talk to them and it ’s their deep idealism that ’s most striking .
“ I ’m on number 2,000 I think .
My thumb is going to fall off , ” one of them joked to me as he pumped another syringe .
We chatted for a bit , and it turned out that he had arrived the year before on a scholarship from India .
This is another lovely thing I ’ve noticed in my journeys into labs : Science is a wildly international group of people , sharing information across national boundaries , all in the service of making some tiny contribution to human knowledge .
What is there not to admire about that ?
The sheer intellectual rìgour of scientists can be kind of mind - blowing .
Consider the story of Gottlob Frege , a mathematical logician from the tum ofthe centuly .
In 1902 , he was 53 years old and about to send his second major book off to the printers , a tome intended to seal his reputation .
But then he received a letter from Bertrand Russell , who was then a young professor barely out of school .
Russell was writing to point out a central flaw he had discovered in Frege ’s mathematical framework .
When Frege read Russell ’s letter , he realized in shock that the kid was right .
Frege rushed to the printers and added an appendix , admitting his error — and crediting Russell .
Frege was willing to recant his entire 1ife ’s work because someone had come along with better data .
Can you imagine that sort of integrity in the world of business or politics ?
Can you imagine a politician or CEO admitting that — whoops — they ’d been wrong about their central beliefs throughout their entire careers ?
Of course you can’t .
It ’s utterly inconceivable , because when it ’s practised at its worst , which is how it ’s too often practised , politics is the opposite of science .
It is the art of baldfacedly lying with such persistence and guile that your critics give up and walk away .
Down in the U.S. , George W. Bush spent a year fluffing up evidence of Iraq ’s arsenal to whip the country into war , then another year denying he ’d ever done such a thing .
He ’ll probably be re-elected .
In a laboratory setting , he ’d be torn to pieces .
This is not to say there are n’t venal scientists , or self - important scientists , or scientists blinded by ambition or ideologies , or even scientists who blatantly falsify data to score a point .
Those all exist .
But the basic values that govern the field — accountability , proof and the ability to replicate results — keep malfeasance mostly in check .
Science is a stunning example of human civilization gone right .
Far from criticizing researchers for their occasional failures of subjectivity , the left ought to be reclaiming the scientifìc method as a progressive ideal .
It is one of the few moral compasses we ’ve got left .
Following on the heels of their widely viewed ( SFW ) " Batman XXX " porn parody trailer , Vivid Entertainment announced today that they are launching an entire superhero - themed porn imprint called Vivid - Superhero , which will parody other famous superhero characters including Marvel and DC A - listers like Superman , Spider - Man , Wonder Woman , Captain America , Thor , Hulk , and even the non-Big Two hero Green Hornet .
" The parodies under this new imprint will pay tribute to the world 's most popular comic heroes , " said Steven Hirsch , Founder / Co-chairman of Vivid . " [ Lead Director ]
Axel [ Braun ] already started pre-production on a parody of Superman , which will be followed by those of The Green Hornet , Spider - Man , Wonder Woman , Captain America , Thor , and The Incredible Hulk .
We made the decision to create the imprint after working with Axel on " Batman XXX : A Porn Parody " , an Axel Braun Productions movie to be distributed by Vivid .
Axel truly did an amazing job with it , and we agreed that together we could mine the really rich treasure of superheroes and have a lot of fun doing it . "
While superheroes ( and their costumes ) have always had a certain fetish element that does n't seem completely crazy to combine with adult entertainment -- especially if you 're a fan of Greg Land comics -- Green Hornet suggests they 're trying to capitalize not just on the nostalgic iconography of comics , but also their big - budget Hollywood movies in particular .
All of the characters they 've selected -- save Wonder Woman -- have either been adapted into major feature films or have films on the way .
Notably , they 've chosen Captain America , Thor , and Green Hornet , who are n't quite as top tier as Superman or Spider - Man , but all three have films in production and slated to come out in 2011 .
One can only imagine that those particular porn parodies will be scheduled to coincide with the related movie releases .
After seeing the high production values on the " Batman XXX " trailer , we 're a little intrigued to see if they handle a much broader and more comics - specific array of superhero subject matter as faithfully as the Batman parody appears to .
And while no announcement has been made about specific names for the parodies , I 'd just like to mention for the record that ComicsAlliance 's Chris Sims called " Green Whorenet " months ago .
A small British technology firm is launching a gadget that it says could make third - generation networks obsolete before they are switched on .
Pogo Technology says its mobile device can browse the web at speeds comparable to those achievable by computer modems .
As well as being a web browser , the Pogo handheld can also be used to send and receive e-mail , serve as a mobile phone and play MP3 music files .
The Pogo should go on sale before the end of the year .
To 3G or not to 3G
All mobile phone operators are keen to find ways to get back some of the huge amounts of cash they have sunk into futuristic third - generation ( 3G ) networks .
These future networks handle data far better than today 's mobile networks and make it possible to offer customers all manner of exotic services that give them access to music tracks , video clips and interactive web tools .
But Pogo Technology claims its gadget removes the need for the 3G networks .
The device , which is roughly the same size and weight as a Palm handheld , routes all its requests for data via interim servers that sit between the mobile network and the larger internet .
These servers compress the pages being requested and send them on to the device which then reassembles them .
Tim Critchley , one of the founders of Pogo Technology , said this system meant data flies around at the equivalent of 50 kbps - almost the same speed as the fastest computer modems .
Because it does a good job of letting people browse the web , the Pogo does not have a Wap browser on it .
Funky device
The funky looking Pogo is aimed squarely at young consumers , particularly those who invest a lot of time , money and effort to modify their existing mobile phone .
People who bought a gadget tended to do more with it , said Tim Critchley .
" Our research has shown that when consumers handed over their own money , they used it a lot , " he said .
" But when they were given it by a firm and were told to use it , they usually put it in a drawer after a week and forget about it . "
As well as being a web browser and standard mobile phone , the Pogo has a slot for a memory card that could hold MP3 files .
Text can be written via a stylus and an on - screen keyboard .
Finished versions of the Pogo will run for 100 hours of standby time and between four and six hours of talk or music - listening time .
Web coordination
Almost all handheld computers have to be regularly connected to a desktop computer to synchronise the information they hold with what is on the parent machine .
By contrast , the data held on a Pogo is co-ordinated via an owner 's web account that they get when they buy the device .
Changes made to the information held in this web account , which could include e-mail messages , MP3 files or voicemails , will be picked up by the Pogo when it is next used .
Mr Critchley said the gadget should be in a few select shops in time for Christmas and will be widely available from January 2002 .
It is expected to retail for about £ 299 .
The Pogo company is currently finalising deals to distribute the Pogo in high - street retailers and cementing its links with mobile phone networks .
MONDAY , March 29 , 2010 ( HealthDay News ) --
Changing someone 's moral response to a situation could be as easy as manipulating a piece of their brain , a new study finds .
Previous research has shown that a brain region called the right temporo - parietal junction ( TPJ ) , located at the brain 's surface above and behind the right ear , is highly active when someone thinks about another person 's intentions , thoughts and beliefs .
In this new study , neuroscientists led by Rebecca Saxe of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology disrupted activity in volunteers ' right TPJ by inducing a current in the brain using a magnetic field applied to the scalp .
This impaired the participants ' ability to make moral judgments that require an understanding of other people 's intentions .
For example , they were more likely to judge someone 's failed attempt to harm another as morally permissible .
Because transcranial magnetic stimulation interferes with the ability to interpret others ' intentions , a person must rely more on the outcome of a situation to make a moral judgment , the researchers said .
The study , published in the March 29 - April 2 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , offers " striking evidence " that the right TPJ plays a critical role in making judgments , said lead author Liane Young , a postdoctoral associate in MIT 's department of brain and cognitive sciences .
" You think of morality as being a really high - level behavior .
To be able to apply ( a magnetic field ) to a specific brain region and change people 's moral judgments is really astonishing , " she said in an MIT news release .
The study comes on the heels of similar MIT - based research published last week in Neuron .
In that study , Young and colleagues pinpointed the brain 's ventromedial cortex as a center for moral decision - making , after studying nine patients with damage to that region .
More information
There 's more on how the brain works from Harvard University .
Last week , Angela Merkel , the German Chancellor , tried to ward off speculators by banning so - called “ naked ” short selling of some bonds and derivatives .
But traders warned the move had only served to panic the markets and the euro was likely to be a target for bearish bets again this week .
My father ’s romance with driving began in 1923 , when he was 8 .
He and his family drove from Connecticut to a new home in Altadena , Calif. , in a Model T Ford .
“ Hell , no , the roads were n’t paved , ” he told us .
“ Some were barely dirt tracks ! ”
When I was growing up , we left Altadena at every chance .
Weekends we drove to the Sierras .
Spring break meant Arizona or Utah .
My parents were schoolteachers , so the three summer months were marathons : we drove to the East Coast , then back through Canada .
My father ’s best friend lived in Guatemala City , so we drove there and back — twice .
We drove to Fairbanks and back — twice .
Hostages in the backs of various camper vans , my sister and I alternately fought and ignored each other .
I lay on the shelf over the VW ’s engine as birch forests ticked past ; my friends at home were going to the beach ( with boys ! ) , and I was in the Yukon .
My parents retired to Ojai and drove every summer to a fish camp in northern British Columbia .
After my mother died in 1988 , my father went there alone for another decade .
The rest of the year , he drove up and down California , visiting his brother in Paradise , me in Pasadena .
But in his late 70s , my father ’s driving deteriorated .
He stopped checking before changing lanes .
My sister was along when he ran a car off the road .
“ Dad ! ! ” she cried .
As the US prepares to send NASA 's humanoid Robonaut2 up to the International Space Station in September , Japan 's private SOHLA ( Space Oriented Higashiosaka Leading Association ) is gearing up to send its own two - legged robot to the moon by 2015 .
The $ 10.5 million robot named " Maido - kun " is being developed in coordination with the Space Exploration Agency of Japan ( JAXA ) , an organization that has been trying to send robots to the moon since at least 2006 .
Oh sure , there 's little reason to send a wobbling two - legged robotic rover to the crater - pocked face of the moon when four - on - the - floor would be much more practical -- other than it 's awesome .
KEVIN
Rudd looks certain to be ousted as Prime Minister this morning after a stunning coup by Labor powerbrokers to back Julia Gillard as the party leader .
A defiant Mr Rudd held a snap press conference in Parliament last night to announce the Labor Caucus would meet on Thursday morning to resolve the leadership issue .
Ms Gillard told Mr Rudd during tense discussions in the Prime Minister 's suite that she would contest the leadership - after a series of factional leaders convinced her to run .
The Prime Minister last night said he was " quite capable " of winning the partyroom ballot .
But he has bled support from his Right faction with the powerful Australian Workers Union and other previous backers declaring Labor had no option but to back a new Gillard leadership .
Speaking to reporters last night , Mr Rudd spoke passionately about his Government 's achievements - and sent a message to the Labor Left that he would not buckle on the issue of asylum seekers .
" I was elected by the people of Australia .
I was elected to do a job , " he told reporters , after a three hour meeting in his office with ms Gillard .
" I intend to continue doing that job . "
Mr Rudd talked up his Government 's efforts in staving off recession .
" Part of that job was to steer this country through the worst economic crisis in 75 years , " he said .
But while he spoke confidently to reporters , Labor MPs have turned against the Prime Minister - distressed by internal polling that shows the Government heading for electoral annihilation .
Senior Labor
MPs have conceded that the ALP 's primary vote has dropped below 30 per cent in some key marginal seats , including on the NSW central coast .
Mr Rudd 's expected removal as Prime Minister within a term of being elected would be unprecedented .
But it follows a series of backflips and policy slip - ups that have eroded public confidence - and driven Labor MPs to decide that his position was no longer tenable .
It has become apparent to me in the course of the last period of time ... that a number of factional leaders in the Labor party no longer support my leadership , " Mr Rudd said .
" That is why it is imperative this matter be resolved . ''
The Prime Minister said it was important for the stability of the Government and the party that the matter be resolved .
" It 's far better for these things are done quickly rather than being strung out over a period of time , '' Mr Rudd said .
A number of Cabinet Ministers - including Climate Change Minister Penny Wong and Trade Minister Simon Crean - publicly backed Mr Rudd during an extraordinary evening in Canberra .
But that is likely to matter for little when the 108 members of the Labor Caucus gather in Canberra this morning .
Live blog :
The Punch on Rudd 's leadership woes
Originally published as Defiant Rudd clings on
Road trip on the Katana 600 , July 2009
Towards the end of June , I started thinking about going to the KatRiders Rally in Robbinsville , NC .
This quickly grew into an idea for a trip that would take me along the eastern coast into Canada and around the Great Lakes before heading home .
To keep costs down , I would camp in a tent most of the way , except in a couple cities where I 'd stay with friends .
After some preparation , I left Wichita , KS on the afternoon of July 17 , and returned 16 days later on August 2 .
It was a great trip , and the Katana proved to be a fairly comfortable bike for distance riding .
Although sportbikes are typically seen as forcing the rider into an aggressive tank hugging posture , I usually sat up straight with one hand on the bars during straight highway driving .
The luggage rack helped me carry all my tools and supplies for the trip .
I had a few problems during the roughly 6000 mile trip , but they were mostly , if not entirely , my fault :)
Some things I learned along the way ...
On a long trip passing through a lot of cities , a GPS is amazing .
I borrowed a Zumo 450 , a waterproof GPS made for use on a motorcycle .
It was a big help , and even took me on a couple interesting detours .
Bring a proper rainsuit made for riding .
A cheap vinyl rainsuit from Wal - Mart will become a tattered mess after a few hours or a day of highway riding in the rain .
Remember that one part you thought was kinda worn , but you left alone since it was still working ?
You may want to replace it before leaving .
Bring a variety of tools and lubes .
Tools used for regular maintenance ( like lubing / adjusting the chain ) should be readily accessible without having to do a lot of unpacking .
Seal up your ignition system well .
I put RTV around the wires where they left the coils , and packed dielectric grease in the spark plug boots , but forgot to seal up the ignition module .
WD - 40 ( " Water Displacement " ) comes in handy if you miss a spot .
Take good care of your chain -- lube it when you stop for gas , and do n't let it get too loose ( but especially do n't keep it tight either ) .
KR Rally 2009
Blue Ridge Parkway to Washington , DC
Pennsylvania to NYC
NYC
Boston
Maine and Acadia National Park
Calais , ME to Sydney , Nova Scotia
The detour
Cabot Trail
Quebec and Niagara Falls
Heading back home
Copyright ( c ) 2009 Paul Miner < $firstname.$lastname@gmail.com >
Crema is the essence of good espresso coffee .
I like to think of it as the Holy Grail of espresso coffee .
Without it you might as well pour ...
Drawing comparisons to both Dante ’s Inferno and Herman Melville ’s Moby Dick , Cormac McCarthy ’s Blood Meridian is a work of genuine madness , and one of the most violent books in contemporary literature .
Zak Smith ( who previously illustrated each page of Gravity ’s Rainbow ) , and five other artists ( Sean McCarthy , John Mejias , Craig Taylor , Shawn Cheng , and Matt Wiegle ) have taken on the daunting task of illustrating every page of the grizzly tale .
The styles range from hauntingly vivid to extremely abstract , each image complemented with a quote from the source material that served as its inspiration .
“ An enormous man dressed in an oilcloth slicker had entered the tent and removed his hat .
He was bald as a stone and he had no trace of beard and he had no brows to his eyes nor lashes to them . ”
“ 042 : Dawn saw them deployed in a long file over the plain … ”
“ He took off the shirt .
It stuck to the skin and a yellow pus ran .
His arm was swollen to the size of his thigh and it was garishly discolored and small worms worked in the open wound . ”
“ … the bull had planted its feet and it lifted the animal rider and all clear of the ground … ”
“ … great handfuls of viscera , genitals … and sodomized them with loud cries to their fellows . ”
Like what you see ?
Bookmark this page and follow their progress .
Quote :
And in addition to those changes , we have made large changes in the Linux engine , moving to a newer compiler , adding multiple GCC specific optimizations and changing the filesystem layout for binaries to match more closely to other platforms builds .
These changes have a few consequences you should be aware of .
We have increased the minimum glibc version to 2.3.6 , our survey shows that over 95 % of you already have newer glibc 's so this should n't generally be an issue .
The new compiler and optimizations has also changed the binary format , if you are using tools that do binary patches into our engine ( Source Mod and the like ) then these will no longer function , the authors of those products will need to provide updates to get them working again .
We have also increased our usage of threads and mutex constructs , if you see hangs or deadlocks on your server ( when you did n't before ) a gdb backtrace of the process will help us pin down problem .
From Jason Ruymen at Valve :
Am I back ?
Well , we 'll see .
Last edited by Powerlord ; 04-28-2010 at 23:15 .
Home » Environment , Health , North America » Toxic Oil Spill Rains Warned Could Destroy North America
A dire report prepared for President Medvedev by Russia ’s Ministry of Natural Resources is warning today that the British Petroleum ( BP ) oil and gas leak in the Gulf of Mexico is about to become the worst environmental catastrophe in all of human history threatening the entire eastern half of the North American continent with “ total destruction ” .
Russian scientists are basing their apocalyptic destruction assessment due to BP ’s use of millions of gallons of the chemical dispersal agent known as Corexit 9500 which is being pumped directly into the leak of this wellhead over a mile under the Gulf of Mexico waters and designed , this report says , to keep hidden from the American public the full , and tragic , extent of this leak that is now estimated to be over 2.9 million gallons a day .
The dispersal agent Corexit 9500 is a solvent originally developed by Exxon and now manufactured by the Nalco Holding Company of Naperville , Illinois that is four times more toxic than oil ( oil is toxic at 11 ppm ( parts per million ) , Corexit 9500 at only 2.61 ppm ) .
In a report written by Anita George - Ares and James R. Clark for Exxon Biomedical Sciences , Inc. titled “ Acute Aquatic Toxicity of Three Corexit Products : An Overview ” Corexit 9500 was found to be one of the most toxic dispersal agents ever developed .
Even worse , according to this report , with higher water temperatures , like those now occurring in the Gulf of Mexico , its toxicity grows .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) in discovering BP ’s use of this dangerous dispersal agent ordered BP to stop using it , but BP refused stating that their only alternative to Corexit 9500 was an even more dangerous dispersal agent known as Sea Brat 4 .
The main differences between Corexit 9500 and Sea Brat 4 lie in how long these dangerous chemicals take to degrade into their constituent organic compounds , which for Corexit 9500 is 28 days .
Sea Brat 4 , on the other hand , degrades into an organic chemical called Nonylphenol that is toxic to aquatic life and can persist in the environment for years .
A greater danger involving Corexit 9500 , and as outlined by Russian scientists in this report , is that with its 2.61 ppm toxicity level , and when combined with the heating Gulf of Mexico waters , its molecules will be able to “ phase transition ” from their present liquid to a gaseous state allowing them to be absorbed into clouds and allowing their release as “ toxic rain ” upon all of Eastern North America .
Even worse , should a Katrina like tropical hurricane form in the Gulf of Mexico while tens of millions of gallons of Corexit 9500 are sitting on , or near , its surface the resulting “ toxic rain ” falling upon the North American continent could “ theoretically ” destroy all microbial life to any depth it reaches resulting in an “ unimaginable environmental catastrophe ” destroying all life forms from the “ bottom of the evolutionary chart to the top ” .
Note :
For molecules of a liquid to evaporate , they must be located near the surface , be moving in the proper direction , and have sufficient kinetic energy to overcome liquid - phase intermolecular forces .
Only a small proportion of the molecules meet these criteria , so the rate of evaporation is limited .
Since the kinetic energy of a molecule is proportional to its temperature , evaporation proceeds more quickly at higher temperatures .
As over 50 miles of the US State of Louisiana ’s coastline has already been destroyed by this spill , American scientists are warning that the damage may be impossible to repair , and as we can read as reported by the Associated Press News Service :
“ The gooey oil washing into the maze of marshes along the Gulf Coast could prove impossible to remove , leaving a toxic stew lethal to fish and wildlife , government officials and independent scientists said .
Officials are considering some drastic and risky solutions :
They could set the wetlands on fire or flood areas in hopes of floating out the oil .
They warn an aggressive cleanup could ruin the marshes and do more harm than good . ”
And to understand the full import of this catastrophe it must be remembered that this disaster is occurring in what is described as the “ biologically richest waters in America ” with the greatest amount of oil and toxic Corexit 9500 set to come ashore in the coming days and weeks to destroy it completely for decades to come .
Reports are also coming from the United States that their government is secretly preparing to evacuate tens - of - millions of their citizens from their Gulf of Mexico States should the most dire of these scientific warnings start to come true .
To the greatest lesson to be learned by these Americans is that their government - oil industry cabal has been just as destructive to them as their government - banking one , both of which have done more to destroy the United States these past couple of years than any foreign enemy could dare dream was possible .
But to their greatest enemy the Americans need look no further than their nearest mirror as they are the ones who allowed these monsters to rule over them in the first place .
Source
Please wait ...
RELATED ARTICLES
Did you like this information ?
Then please consider making a donation or subscribing to our Newsletter .
Elbert Hubbard
Elbert Hubbard was a renouned philosopher , author , editor and lecturer of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
In 1895 , he founded the Roycrofters , a semi-communal community of artists and craftspeople , in East Aurora , NY .
He and his wife were lost at sea , May 7 , 1915 , while travelling to England aboard the ill - fated Lusitania .
It took thrift and savings , together with tremendous character and vision , to make our nation what it is today .
And it will take thrift and savings , together with constant ingenuity and stamina , to conserve our remaining resources to enable us to continue to be a great nation .
— John W. Synder
Thrift is that habit of character that prompts one to work for what he gets , to earn what is paid him ; to invest a part of his earnings ; to spend wisely and well ; to save , but not to hoard .
— Arthur Chamberlain
OF RELATED INTEREST :
The Richest Man in Babylon by George S. Clason
Rich Dad , Poor Dad : What the Rich Teach Their Kids about Money — That the Poor and Middle Class Do Not ! by Robert Kiyosaki & Sharon Lechter
Rich Dad's Rich Kid Smart Kid : Giving Your Child a Financial Head Start by Robert Kiyosaki with Sharon Lechter
Available at the LeaderShop
More people should learn to tell their dollars where to go instead of asking them where they went .
— Roger Babson
Debt is the secret foe of thrift , as vice and idleness are its open foes .
The debt - habit is the twin brother of poverty .
— T. T. Munger
Thrift and prosperity have gone hand in hand since Abraham 's flocks grew and multiplied .
Thrift is not , as many suppose , a self repression .
It is self expression , the demonstration of a will and ability to raise one 's self to higher plane of living .
No depression was ever caused by people having too much money in reserve .
No human being ever became a social drifter through the practice of sensible thrift .
— Harvey A. Blodgett T HRIFT IS A HABIT .
A habit is a thing you do unconsciously or automatically , without thought .
We are ruled by our habits .
When habits are young they are like lion - cubs , soft , fluffy , funny , frolicsome little animals .
They grow day by day .
Eventually they rule you .
Choose this day the habit you would have to rule over you .
The habit of thrift is simply the habit which dictates that you shall earn more than you spend .
In other words , thrift is the habit that provides that you shall spend less than you earn .
Take your choice .
If you are a thrifty person you are happy .
When you are earning more than you spend , when you produce more than you consume , your life is a success , and you are filled with courage , animation , ambition , good - will .
The the world is beautiful , for the world is your view of the world , and when you are right with yourself , all 's right with the world .
The habit of thrift proves your power to rule your own psychic self .
You are the captain of your soul .
You are able to take care of yourself , and then out of the excess of your strength you produce a surplus .
Thus you are not only able to take care of yourself , but you are able to take care of some one else — of wife , child , father and mother , to lend a hand to sick people , old people , unfortunate people .
This is to live .
The man who can not earn a living for himself is something less than a man .
The man who can barely get a living and no more is a little better than a barbarian or a savage .
" All wealth comes from labor applied to land , " said Adam Smith , who wrote a wonderful book on the subject of thrift .
This book , The Wealth of Nations , was published in the same year that American 's Declaration of Independence was signed .
Buckle calls it , " the greatest book ever written in its influence for good , save none . "
In this book is the statement , " All wealth comes from labor applied to land . "
Nowadays we say , " All wealth comes from intelligent labor applied to land . "
Let us say , " All wealth comes from loving labor applied to land . "
The successful labor is loving labor .
Loving labor and thrift go hand in hand .
He who is not thrifty is a slave to circumstance .
Fate says , " Do this or starve , " and if you have no surplus saved up you are the plaything of chance , the pawn of circumstance , the slave of some one 's caprice , a leaf in a storm .
The surplus gives you the power to dictate terms , but most of all it gives you an inward consciousness that you are sufficient unto yourself .
Therefore , cultivate the habit of thrift , and the earlier you begin , the better .
And no matter how old you are , or how long you have lived , begin this day to save something , no matter how little , out of your earnings .
Off the beaten track of travel there is a country school , the typical little red school house .
The teacher is a hunchback .
Once he wrote : " I know nothing about the science of education .
I just love my children , and we study together and work together . "
And so , out to one side of the school , in summertime , there is a school - garden where every child has a little flower - bed or vegetable - garden of its own .
The pupils plants the seeds he wishes to plant , digs it up sometimes to see how it is coming along , waters it , hoes it , watches it sprout through the surface , wooed with the kisses of the summer sun .
He sees it grow and evolve into a beautiful plant , that produces a flower , perhaps at the top , and an edible beneath the surface .
So last May in this garden the children were growing corn , potatoes , marigolds , sweet williams , violets , and through this working out of doors instead of playing games all of the time , the children were learning to economize time , to be saving of time , for time rightly used is the thing which , when it co-operates with love and labor , produces wealth and all the things necessary to life and well - being .
But on a last trip to that little red schoolhouse , the teacher told of another innovation .
It was this : A savings - bank account for each child in the school , a bank - book for each child who can deposit one cent or five cents .
Here was a lesson in economics .
And economics is simply the science of business , and business is the science of human service .
Some day business is going to be regarded as the greatest science in the world , for it includes the science of making a living .
And my little hunchback teacher recognizes this fact , so he is teaching his children the science of saving , and thrift will become , indeed , a habit with those children .
The thrift habit is a sister to a good many other beautiful habits .
Thrift implies industry , and of course thrift is economy , and economy means the care of things and their proper use .
You do not waste anything that can be used .
You save it , care for it , reserve it .
In the country when we get more apples than we can store in the cellar , we peel them , slice them , dry them in the sun or in pans on the stove , and then the children string them with a thread and needle , and we hang them in a dry place in the garret where they can be used when we need them .
Children in the country sometimes will preserve many pounds of apples this way and sell them , and buy clothing , or books , or a gramophone , or skates , or shoes .
There is a factory in a country town where there are two hundred fifty employees , and every employee in that factory has a savings - bank account .
Thus this factory is a school run on a principle somewhat like that of the little red schoolhouse , where the little hunchback teacher , with no children of his own , is yet the father and big brother to all of his pupils .
Children should early be taught the savings - bank habit .
Such children will grow up — at least , most of them will — able , courageous , helpful , willing , and a few of them will evolve into strong and able people , leaders in any line of undertaking which they may select or which Fate may send .
Thrifty people , other things considered , have good health .
Thrift implies that you do not overeat , that you sleep at least eight hours , that you go to bed early and get up early .
Benjamin Franklin was right : " Time is money . "
Time is surely money when it is rightly used .
The habit of thrift tends to give clear eyes , good digestion , efficient muscles .
People on moderate salaries have no business to patronize taxicabs .
Leave that to elderly people who can not easily board the street - car ; also leave it to the people who have pride plus and who wear clothes they are afraid will get soiled .
Save a part of your income and begin now , for the man with a surplus controls circumstances and the man without a surplus is controlled by circumstances .
– Henry H. Buckley
I believe that thrift is essential to well - ordered living and that economy is a prime requisite of a sound financial structure , whether in government , business or personal affairs .
— John D. Rockefeller , Jr.
I do not want anybody to convince my son that some one will guarantee him a living .
I want him rather to realize that there is plenty of opportunity in this country for him to achieve success , but whether he wins or loses depends entirely on his own character , perseverance , thrift , intelligence and capacity for hard work .
— Major John L. Griffith
Young people , especially , should economize , always remembering that we should have everything we really need .
It is folly to skimp in eating for the sake of saving , or to wear dowdy raiment .
Have what you need , but do not buy things you do not need .
But there is a joy in going without things — a fine tang eliminating the superfluous .
Old Walt Whitman knew of this when he said : " Henceforth I Will complain no more .
Done with indoor repinings , strong and content I will take to the open road . "
It 's lovely to be able to walk , to run , to carry your own grip , to get along without flunkies , to eat moderately , sleep hard , breathe deeply , and look everybody in the eye with a look which says you can take care of yourself .
In the beating of the heart there is a secondary movement .
We call these two movements systole and diastole .
Every worthy action has this secondary effect , which is also good .
We know this secondary by the name of " survival value , " and survival value is the thing that endures after the act itself is complete .
There is a survival value in the habit of thrift .
Besides the money you save , you are adding strength to your character , you are digging trenches , building fortifications , laying in ammunition , and providing yourself against any attack from enemies , such as poverty , disease , melancholy , distrust , jealousy , insanity .
Ben Franklin is our greatest example of thrift .
He wrote more on it and wrote better than any other man we know .
He began practising thrift when he was twelve years of age , and he practised it and wrote on it all his life .
He became the richest man in America in his day , richest not only in money but in health , brains , sanity , good - cheer , influence .
He was a scientist , a businessman , a linguist , a diplomat and a philosopher .
He always paid his way .
He founded the University of Pennsylvania , founded the first public library in America , organized an insurance company , pretty nearly captured the lightnings , invented spectacles , manufactured the first cook - stove , went to France and borrowed money on which Washington fought the War of the Revolution ; and the basis of all the strength and excellence of Benjamin Franklin lay in the fact that very early in life he acquired the habit of thrift .
Shakespeare above all writers we know knew the value of thrift , not only thrift in the matter of money but in the matter of ideas , of working his thoughts up into good coin .
He wrote out his thoughts , and thus got the habit of expressing them , and while he was a businessman and would not consider himself anything else , he yet lives for us as the greatest writer of all time .
Thrift in thought will lead to the habit of writing , and any good man who writes a little every day will become a good writer .
We grow by doing .
Well did Shakespeare say , " Thrift , Horatio , thrift ! " implying that the young man Horatio should acquire the habit of thrift first , and then all else in the way of good things would follow .
The girl or boy who acquires the habit of thrift early in life will be a power for good in any community .
Thrift !
It is the basis of all the other virtues .
To spend less than you earn — this way lies happiness .
Thrift !
Foundations Magazine : Table of Contents
Also by Elbert Hubbard :
A Message To Garcia Get Out or Get In Line
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Professor David Nutt is one of the UK 's leading neuroscientists .
Last year he suggested that LSD , ecstasy and cannabis were less harmful than alcohol and tobacco .
He was promptly sacked as the government 's chief adviser on drug abuse .
His removal from post raised questions about the use of scientific advice in government .
He talks to Stephen Sackur .
You can watch HARDtalk on Tuesday 25th May on the BBC News Channel at 0230 , 0430 and 2330 BST and on BBC World News at 0330 , 0830 , 1530 and 1930 GMT .
LOS ANGELES 
There ’s a reason Hollywood calls it “ development hell . ”
Even when it turns out well .
Such is the lesson of “ Knight and Day , ” a big - budget action comedy starring Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz that ’s set to open on June 25 , directly opposite Adam Sandler in his own comic romp “ Grown Ups . ”
As it happens , Mr. Sandler passed up a chance to star in “ Knight and Day ” about five years ago , when the project was known as “ Wichita . ”
That was before it morphed into “ Trouble Man , ” a quasi- romantic vehicle for Chris Tucker and Eva Mendes , but well after it was dreamed up , by the writer Patrick O’Neill , as “ All New Enemies , ” a sophisticated R- rated caper in which an off - kilter older guy who behaves a bit like Peter Falk in “ The In - Laws ” was paired with a troubled young one , like , say , Edward Furlong of “ Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . ”
The coming spring - summer blockbuster season is chock full of sequels like “ Iron Man 2 , ” from Marvel and Paramount , and adaptations like the graphic - novel - based “ Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , ” from Universal .
Image caption Robert Hughes before the incident - and recovering afterwards
Five men have lost a High Court battle to block their extradition to Greece where they are accused of attacking a footballer from south London .
They insist they are innocent and that poor conditions in a Greek jail would infringe their human rights .
The men , all in their early 20s , face allegations of causing grievous bodily harm to former Oxford United footballer Rob Hughes , from Croydon .
The alleged attack happened outside a Crete nightclub in June 2008 .
The five men - Curtis Taylor , 20 , Daniel Bell , 21 , and Sean Branton , 20 , all from Horley , Surrey ; George Hollands , 22 , from Reigate , Surrey , and Benjamin Herdman , 20 , from Worth , West Sussex - deny involvement in the attack which occurred in the resort of Malia .
The men were invited to go back to Greece in June 2009 , but they refused and were then detained under European arrest warrants in December 2009 .
In court , the five men asked President of the Queen 's Bench Division , Sir Anthony May , and Mr Justice Blair , who sit at the High Court in London , to block a City of Westminster Magistrates '
Court decision in February 2009 which gave the go - ahead to the extradition .
Kicked and stamped
Alun Jones QC , who represented the five men , had told the High Court they faced being detained in " intolerable , disgusting and unacceptable conditions " .
My son is being forced into indefinite incarceration in Greece with no prospect of bail , to await trial for a crime that all the evidence shows he did not commit Vanessa Hollands , Mother of George Hollands
He said the conditions violated the men's rights under Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights not to be subjected to inhuman and degrading treatment .
But the judges have upheld a finding by District Judge Caroline Tubbs that there was no reason why the five should not travel to Greece to stand trial .
They ruled the evidence of them possibly suffering inhuman and degrading treatment " fell a long way short " of establishing a bar to extradition .
" Disturbing and deplorable though the accounts of the prison conditions we have seen are , they do not show strong grounds for believing that these appellants , if returned to Greece , face a real risk of being subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment , " the judges said .
Following the ruling , Vanessa Hollands , mother of George Hollands , one of the five men facing extradition said : " My son is being forced into indefinite incarceration in Greece with no prospect of bail , to await trial for a crime that all the evidence shows he did not commit . "
She also warn the parents of " British lads " to be " very afraid " if their sons were planning holidays in Greece .
Mr Hughes , who also played for Fulham youth team , Sutton United , Croydon Athletic , Bromley and has since played for Welling , was left in a coma after being kicked , stamped on and hit with a bottle .
He was in a Greek hospital for three months undergoing a series of brain operations .
He has now recovered to the extent that he is playing football again .
News and developments on Freedom of Information in the UK .
This blog is run by the Campaign for Freedom of Information .
It was established in May 2003 by Steve Wood , who ran it until the end of February 2007 when he took up the post of Assistant Commissioner at the Information Commissioner 's Office .
In December 2009 , I took part in reddit.com 's Secret Santa project , and amongst other things I received was a copy of Bill Bryson ’s book on linguistics “ The Mother Tongue : English and How It Got That Way ” .
I was quite excited !
I 'd read Bryson ’s travel books about America , the UK and Australia ; and found them to be clever , witty and generally well - written .
Sadly though , my enthusiasm for this particular book did n't last very long .
From almost the first page on , there are scores of mistakes , urban legends presented as facts and statements which seem to have been half - remembered from conversations years ago .
All - in - all , the whole book demonstrated of a complete lack of fundamental understanding of how languages work - something essential to a writer of a book on linguistics , one would think !
The first few pages rase an eyebrow or two , but no serious mistakes are presented until much further into the book - page 13 for example ( the book starts on page 11 ) :
“ The French , for instance , cannot distinguish between mind and brain , between man and gentleman , between " I wrote " and " I have written " . ”
Lucky I paid enough attention in GCSE French ( 5 minutes would suffice ) to research Mr Bryson ’s book for him !
‘ Mind ’ , as any cheap dictionary would tell you , is « espirit » , and ‘ brain ’ would be « cerveau » , just as a ‘ man ’ is an « homme » , and ‘ gentleman ’ would be « monsieur » , or even the more direct equivalent « gentilhomme » .
As for ‘ I wrote ’ vs. ‘ I have written ’ , « j'écrivais » and « j’ai écrit » work just fine .
Things go well for a while , and Bryson makes no further cock - ups until page 14 , with a sentence that caused my mouth to literally fall open :
“ English , as Charlton Laird has noted , is the only language that has , or needs , books of synonyms like Roget 's Thesaurus .
Most speakers of other languages are not aware that thesaurus exist . ”
I had to look to my right to check that I had indeed bought a Duden Thesaurus der Deutschen Sprache as well as a Thésaurus Français , and that it had n't been all an incredibly vivid - not to mention expensive - dream .
This sentence is a prime example of the central theme to this book : English is the clearest , most logical and most useful language there is , and the rest of the world is better off learning it now and forgetting their inefficient , backward gruntings .
It ’s a sentiment summed up quite nicely by the fact that the index contains the entry ‘ English , advantages of ’ , but ‘ English , disadvantages of ’ is nowhere to be found .
Page 14 also contained the gem :
“ The Eskimos , as is well known , have fifty words for types of snow . ”
This urban legend has been so completely exploded that even Wikipedia has an article about it , a fact which has shaken my faith to its very core ; is n't Wikipedia supposed to be the flawed , biased encyclopædia full of inaccuracies and mistakes , whereas books are reliable , trustworthy guardians of knowledge ?
Page 15 continues his English - is - superior theme with
“ Not only can we say " I kicked the dog " , but also " The dog was kicked by me " - a construction that would be impossible in many other languages ”
So there you have it : English is almost unique in that it has a passive form .
Does this make
Welsh three times better then , with its three passive forms ?
What about Japanese , where the passive is used more often than the active in some cases ?
Of the top of my head :
A line on page 17 made me chuckle :
“ In Japanese , the word for foreigner means ' stinking of foreign hair ' . ”
It 's been almost 2 years since I studied Japanese , but I seem to remember that the word gaikokujin ( ‘ foreigner ’ ) comes from the kanji 外 ( outside ) 国 ( country ) 人 ( person ) .
The next mistake crops up on page 28 , where Bill tells us that :
“ ... creole ( from French créole , " native " ) ... ”
I must admit , I was wrong about this one .
I had always thought that ‘ creole ’ came from the French créer ( i.e. , a “ created ” language ) , but it turns out it comes from the Latin word creare , meaning the same .
Still , it took all of 2 minutes to open up a dictionary and check the etymology , something Mr Bryson had obviously not bothered to do .
On page 23 , we learn about language death :
“ Many other languages disappeared over time , among them Cornish , Manx , Gaulish , Lydian , Oscan , Umbrian , and two which once dominated Europe : Celtic and Latin . ”
Aside from the fact that some people may argue that Cornish and Manx are n’t dead , this is the first time I ’ve read about a language called Celtic .
Up until now , I 'd known it only as a language family , to which all the other languages he ’s mentioned belong ( except Lydian and Latin , of course ) .
As a native Welsh speaker , page 35 crashed into my realm with such nonsense as :
“ Many languages manage without quite basic grammatical or lexical features , while others burden themselves with remarkable complexities .
A Welsh speaker must choose between five ways of saying than : ‘ na ’ , ‘ n '’ , ‘ nag ’ , ‘ mwy ’ or ‘ yn fwy ’ ”
Bryson ’s train of though veers dangerously close to accurate here .
Both ‘ na ’ and ‘ nag ’ do indeed mean ‘ than ’ , however it ’s hardly “ remarkably complex ” : ‘ na ’ is used before a consonant , whereas ‘ nag ’ is used before a vowel , just like ‘ a ’ and ‘ an ’ .
‘ Mwy ’ is the Welsh word for ‘ more ’ , just as ‘ yn fwy ’ , however this is a mutated form lifted from a different grammatical setting .
As for ‘ n ’’ , your guess is a good as mine .
He goes on :
“ Try getting your tongue around this sentence ... : ‘ a ydycg wedi talu a dodi eich tocyn yn y golwg ? ’
It translates roughly as ‘ did you remember to pay ? ’ and , yes , it is about as unpronounceable as it looks .
In fact , more so because Welsh pronunciations rarely bear much relation to their spellings - at least when viewed from an English - speaking perspective . ”
Aside from the incorrect spelling ( ydycg should be ydych ) and the omission of a key word ( i.e. , chi , the word for ‘ you ’ ) , it really is a rough translation , as it actually says “ have you paid and placed your ticket in view ? ” .
Far from being unpronounceable , this is actually one of the easier sentences that Welsh has to offer .
Words like ‘ brwydrwr ’ ( ‘ fighter ’ ) , ‘ cyfrifiadur ’ ( ‘ computer ’ ) and ‘ Dwygyfylchi ’ ( the name of a town ) give English - speakers far more trouble .
What ’s more , saying that Welsh pronunciation rarely bears much relation to their spellings “ from an English - speaking perspective ” is a bit like saying that ‘ Japanese pronunciation bears little relation to those strange squiggles - at least when viewed from an English - speaker ’s perspective ! ’
It 's a nonsensical comment that should n't be included in a supposedly academic exploration of language .
As a speaker of German , I was surprised to read on page 75 that :
“ A final curious fact is that although English is a Germanic tongue and the Germans clearly were one of the main founding groups of America , there is almost no language from which we have borrowed fewer words than German .
Among the very few are ‘ kindergarten ’ and ‘ hinterland ’ . ”
What about angst , Bildungsroman , blitz , dachshund , diesel , doppelganger , frankfurter , hamburger , lager , leitmotiv , nickel , panzer , quartz , realpolitik , rucksack , schnitzel , waltz , wunderkind and zeitgeist to name but a few ?
Page 75 also appears to show that Bill has n't read his own book , when he says :
“ Words are created .
Often they spring seemingly from nowhere .
Take dog .
For centuries the word in English was hound ( or hund ) .
Then suddenly in the late Middle Ages , dog - a word etymologically unrelated to any other known word - displaced it . ”
which directly contradicts a statement he ’d previously made on page 25 :
“ The word for dog , for instance , is suspiciously similar in Amerind , Uralic and Proto - Indo - European . ”
Indeed , the English word ‘ dog ’ comes from the Old English docga , another piece of information I found hidden away in one of those mysterious “ dictionaries ” that everyone ’s going on about .
The next statement to support my theory that Bryson ’s never seen a dictionary comes on page 118 :
“ To this day in China , and other countries such as Japan where the writing system is also ideographic , there is no logical system for organizing documents .
Filing systems often exist only in people 's heads .
If a secretary dies , the whole office can fall apart . ”
Interesting .
I confess that do n't know anything about Chinese , but I can speak for Japanese in that dictionaries , classroom registers , song names in iTunes and - I presume - filing cabinets are ordered by the hiragana readings of the kanji , a syllabary of 48 characters with a logical order , just like any other alphabet .
Bryson continues to air his ill - researched views on the Japanese language over the next few pages , saying :
“ Japanese is a blend of three systems : a pictographic system of 7,000 characters called kanji and two separate syllabic alphabets each consisting of 48 characters .
One of these alphabets , ‘ katakana ’ ( sometimes shortened to ‘ kana ’ ) , is used to to render words and names ( such as Dunkin ' Donuts and Egg McMuffin ) that the ancient devisers of kanji failed to foresee .
Since many of the kanji characters have several pronunciations and meanings - the word ' ka ' alone has 214 separate meanings - a second syllabic alphabet was devised .
Called hiragana and written as small symbols above the main text , it tells the reader which of the many possible interpretations of the kanji characters is intended . ”
In just four lines , Bryson makes a book - load of mistakes .
Let 's break it down into an anal - retentive list ( my favourite kind ! ) :
• The word ‘ kana ’ ( がな ) is not an abbreviation , but rather the name of the two phonetic Japanese alphabets , hiragana and katakana .
• Katakana is used for writing foreign loanwords , not , as Bill insinuates , for writing words for which there are no kanji .
This is the job of hiragana .
• The name of the script used to write the pronunciation of unfamiliar kanji is called furigana .
This next section is a little difficult for me to comment on without me looking like a patriotic Brit sticking up for his country against a Yank that does n't know what he ’s talking about , but that ’s exactly what I am , I suppose .
Tallyho !:
“ ... without America 's contribution , English today would enjoy a global importance about on a par with Portuguese ... ”
It is of course true that without America , the world may never have been introduced to such words as barf , dude , fanny - pack or Big Mac , but I think it 's quite fair to say that thanks to the British Empire™ , English was already well on its way to becoming a world language by the time the colonies broke away .
Without America ’s aggressive export of its culture however , it is indeed fair to say that French and German would be following close behind English for status as a world language .
On page 184 , Mr Bryson again displays his astonishing lack of even a basic understanding of Japanese and its spelling with the following statement :
“ Thus the sumato ( smart ) and the nyuu ritchi ( newly rich ) Japanese person seasons his or her conversation with uptodatu expressions like gurama foto ( glamour photo ) , haikurasu ( High class ) , kyapitaru gein ( capital gain ) , and rushawa ( rush hour ) . ”
Of course , these mistakes are n’t too serious , unless of course you ’re claiming to be an authority on the subject ( which Bryson is ) .
There are a few spelling mistakes , for example , “ sumato ” should be “ sumāto ” or “ sumaato ” ( スマート ) and “ rushawa ” ( which would be pronounced / ruːʃaʊa / ) should be “ rasshu awā ” or “ rasshu awaa ” ( ラッシュアワー ) .
As for “ uptodatu ” , this word would be impossible to spell in Japanese , as the strict syllabary can only express consonants that are followed by vowels .
The correct spelling would be “ apptsūdēto ” or “ apptsuudeeto ” ( アップツーデート ) .
Again , these spellings could ’ve been corrected by anyone with a basic knowledge as to how the Japanese writing system functions .
On page 184 :
“ ... the French do n't go running or jogging , they go ‘ footing ’ .
They do n't engage in a spot of sunbathing , but rather go in for ‘ le bronzing ’ . ”
Now , as a Brit , I 'm all for sticking the boot in when it comes to the French and their nonsensical nose - language , especially when they steal our words , but only when done correctly .
It 's true that the French faire du jogging , but ‘ running ’ is courrir , and the word bronze was actually taken into English from French in the 17th century .
Really Mr Bryson , if you want to laugh at the French for stealing English words , why not point out ‘ le parking ’ , or the hilariously mis-pronounced ‘ shampooing ’ , which the French tongue - not to mention the nose - has deformed into /ʃɑ ̃' pwɛ ̃ /?
On page 191 , Bryson introduces us to Esperanto , a language which :
“... is considerably more polished and accessible than Volapük .
It has just 16 rules , no definite articles no irregular endings and no illogicalities of spelling . ”
( Emphasis mine . )
Now , I know nothing about Esperanto , but I know a definite article when I see one .
Just two sentences later , we 're given an example of the language :
“ En la komenco , Dio kreis le cielon kaj la teron . ”
See those words I 've put in bold there ?
Yes , you do n't need to be an Esperantist to know what they are .
So , on to insults .
On page 214 :
“ English is unusual in including the impossible and the pleasurable in its litany of profanities .
...
Can there be , when you think about it , a more improbable sentiment than " Get fucked ! "
We might as well snarl , " Make a lot of money ! " or " Have a nice day ! " ”
Whilst anyone who 's translated anything from English will tell you that the word “ fuck ” almost never has a direct translation , my French dictionary of insults informs me that one can be instructed not only to « Va te faire foutre ! » , but also the much more imaginative « Va te faire voir chez les Grecs ! » , for those of us of that persuasion .
Not only that , but the German „ fick dich ! “ also works quite nicely when telling someone to go fuck themselves , as well as the Norwegian « få knullet ! » .
The best mistake in the chapter on swearing comes on page 214 however , where we ’re informed that :
“ The Finns , lacking the sort of words you need to describe your feelings when you stub your toe getting up at 2:00 am , rather oddly adopted the word ‘ ravintaolassa ’ .
It means “ in the restaurant ” .
Whilst I ’m told it ’s true that ‘ ravintaolassa ’ does indeed mean ‘ in the restaurant ’ , it ’s certainly not a swearword .
Somewhere in the world , there ’s a Finn with a great dinner - party anecdote about how he tricked a gullible American tourist into thinking a perfectly ordinary word is the only swearword in the whole language , and now that tourist ’s gone and written a book about it !
The odd thing is though , that you need only spend a short amount of time with any Finn , and you 'd soon learn that Finnish has loads of swearwords , some of which extremely imaginative , for example “ suksi vittuu ! ” means literally “ ski into a cunt ! ” .
Odd indeed .
So , there you have it .
Altogether , the book is quite well written , and makes the boring subject of linguistics interesting and accessible , which is a worthy goal , if you ask me .
Sadly though , the sheer amount of mistakes mean that this book is only good for mild amusement and nothing more .
The fact that I - someone who ’s far from an expert at linguistics - have spotted so many glaring errors leads me to wonder just how many other “ facts ” in this book has Bill Bryson pulled out of his arse ?
Just like a Hollywood movie , it ’s entertaining , but nothing in it should be taken as fact , rather seen as “ based on a true story ” .
Lab Tests Find Toxic Chemicals in Popular Perfumes
The analysis shows that the 17 products tested contained , on average , 14 chemicals not listed on labels due to a loophole in federal law that allows companies to claim fragrances as trade secrets .
Tests commissioned for the report , " Not So Sexy - The Health Risks of Secret Chemicals in Fragrance , " found chemicals that can trigger allergic reactions or disrupt hormones .
Hormone - disrupting chemicals are linked to a range of health effects including sperm damage , thyroid disruption and cancer .
For this study , the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics commissioned tests of 17 fragranced products at an independent laboratory in Petaluma , California .
Campaign partner Environmental Working Group assessed data from the tests and the product labels .
Fragrances tested include Britney Spears ' Curious and Hannah Montana Secret Celebrity , Calvin Klein Eternity and Abercrombie & Fitch Fierce .
The women 's perfume American Eagle Seventy Seven contained 24 " hidden " chemicals , the highest number of any product in the study , the report states .
" The majority of chemicals found in this report have never been assessed for safety by any publically accountable agency , or by the cosmetics industry 's self - policing review panels , " the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics and Environmental Working Group said today in a statement .
Perfumes on display ( Photo by Alastair Dunning )
" Fragrance chemicals are inhaled or absorbed through the skin , and many of them end up inside people 's bodies , including pregnant women and newborn babies , " said Jane Houlihan , senior vice president for research at Environmental Working Group and a co-author of the report .
The study of chemicals in perfumes comes after last week 's report by the President 's Cancer Panel , which rang alarm bells over understudied and largely unregulated toxics used by millions of Americans every day .
The Cancer Panel report recommends that pregnant women and couples planning to become pregnant avoid exposure to hormone - disrupting chemicals due to cancer concerns .
Hormone disruptors that may play a role in cancer were found in many of the fragrances analyzed for this study .
" This monumental study reveals the hidden hazards of fragrances , " said Anne Steinemann , Ph.D , professor of civil and environmental engineering and professor of public affairs at the University of Washington .
" Secondhand scents are also a big concern .
One person using a fragranced product can cause health problems for many others . "
Analysts found 10 sensitizing chemicals associated with allergic reactions such as asthma , wheezing , headaches and contact dermatitis .
Giorgio Armani Acqua Di Gio contained 19 different sensitizing chemicals , more than any other product in the study .
Halle by Halle Berry , Quicksilver and Jennifer Lopez J. Lo Glow each contained seven chemicals with the potential to disrupt the hormone system .
Fragrance sprays contain chemicals not listed on product labels .
( Photo by Tina Schofield )
" Something does n't smell right - clearly the system is broken , " said Lisa Archer , national coordinator of the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics at the Breast Cancer Fund .
" We urgently need updated laws that require full disclosure of cosmetic ingredients so consumers can make informed choices about what they are being exposed to . "
But the Fragrance Materials Association of the United States , an industry group of companies that invent and manufacture mixtures of fragrance ingredients for use in perfumes , colognes and body sprays , soaps , shampoos and detergents , faults the " Not So Sexy " report , saying there is nothing " secret " about the ingredients used in its members products .
The association points to a listing of more than 3,000 fragrance ingredients that are currently being used in all forms of consumer products published by the industry .
" The fragrance industry has repeatedly offered to engage interest groups in a dialogue about the industry 's safety program , " the association said in a statement today .
" In fact , it has even sat cordially across the table with several of the groups which contributed to this report .
We are , therefore , shocked to see the continuation of inaccuracies perpetuated in this document concerning our safety program and its effectiveness . "
The industry association calls the report " scare mongering " and unscientific , saying that it just suggests potential associations between fragrance materials and various toxicities .
" Facts are not ' secret , ' and good science is very objective ; an objective review of the facts confirms that an industry safety program that has been in place for more than four decades provides assurance of safe use of the fragrances contained in consumer products , " the association says .
The Campaign for Safe Cosmetics and Environmental Working Group reply that of the 91 ingredients identified in their study , only 19 have been reviewed by the Cosmetic Ingredient Review , and just 27 have been assessed by International Fragrance Association and the Research Institute for Fragrance Materials , which develop voluntary standards for chemicals used in fragrance .
The Environmental Working Group cites one of its own recent studies that found synthetic musk chemicals galaxolide and tonalide in the umbilical cord blood of newborn infants .
" The musk chemicals were found in nearly every fragrance analyzed for this study , " the group says .
Twelve of the 17 products also contained diethyl phthalate , a chemical linked to sperm damage and behavioral problems that has been found in the bodies of nearly all Americans tested , said the EWG .
For this study , 13 scent products were purchased in the United States : 10 through Amazon.com , two at Long 's Drugs / CVS in Berkeley , California and one through Abercrombie & Fitch 's website .
Four products were purchased in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada : one at American Eagle Outfitters , two at Sephora and one at Sears .
Unopened products were sent to Analytical Sciences , an independent laboratory in Petaluma , California , for analysis .
Based on the results of the study , the two groups are demanding that ingredients linked to cancer and birth defects be phased out of cosmetics .
The groups want all ingredients in cosmetics to meet a health - based safety standard that includes protections for children and other vulnerable populations .
And they are asking the government to require the listing on product labels of all chemical constituent ingredients in personal care products , including fragrances and contaminants .
The President 's Cancer Panel recommended an overhaul in government regulation of chemicals , loosening the restrictions on the government 's ability to declare a chemical unsafe .
Of the 80,000 chemicals in commercial use in the United States , only about 200 have been tested for safety by the federal government .
Click here to read the report , " Not So Sexy - The Health Risks of Secret Chemicals in Fragrance . "
An 80 - year - old Chicago man shot and killed an armed man who broke into his two - story house in a pre-dawn home invasion Wednesday on the city 's West Side .
At about 5:20 a.m. , the homeowner and his wife , also in her 80s , discovered the intruder entering their home through a back door .
The homeowner , who had a gun , confronted and killed the burglar on the doorstep , police said .
Cops said the intruder also fired his gun during the struggle .
" It 's a good thing they had a gun , or they might be dead , " said Curtis Thompson , who lives next door to the couple , the Chicago Sun - Times reported .
Neighbors described the elderly couple , who both walk with canes , as pillars of the community in Garfield Park , where home invasions have been all too frequent .
Their neighbor , Shaquite Johnson , told MyFoxChicago that the two are " heroes " for fighting off the attacker — and that the shooting means there is " one less criminal " walking the streets .
" They do n't bother no one , so why would anyone do that to them ? " she said .
Relatives of the couple told the Sun Times that the man is an Army veteran , his wife a former nurse .
Police said neither the man nor the woman was injured in the attack .
The assailant , who was described by police as being in his 30s , was found slumped on the back doorstep of the couple 's house , removed four hours after the shooting , the Sun Times reported .
No charges have been filed against the homeowner , but Chicago currently has a statute outlawing the possession of handguns .
Its legality is currently being decided by the U.S. Supreme Court .
A high - profile Chicago attorney has already stepped forward offering to represent the man pro bono if he faces charges for possessing a weapon .
" Self - defense is n't just a right , it 's a duty , " said attorney Joel Brodsky .
" If this man is prosecuted for saving his own life it's not just a travesty , it 's justice turned inside out . "
Click here for more on this story from MyFoxChicago .
RSMエンタープライズより販売されているタダポックスはクリニックでもED治療薬として使用されているシアリスと同成分のタダラフィルが用いられており、これに早漏治療薬のダポキセチンも加えられています。
従って、このタダポックスはEDと早漏に対して同時に改善できる働きがあります。
そのメカニズムは有効成分のタダラフィルが血管を拡張し血流を促す作用があることから陰茎への血流を上げることでEDに働きかけ、その一方でダポキセチンには興奮状態を抑える作用があり性行為時に於ける射精までの時間を長くすることが可能で、通常時の3～4倍の持続期間が期待できるとされています。
使用方法は1日1錠が限度で適用量を超える場合には危険を伴う可能性があり、1回の服用からその効果が終了し次の服用までは24時間以上の間隔を開け、毎日の服用は避けることをされています。
また、このタダポックスの副作用には頭痛やほてり、めまいや動悸などがあり、特に高血圧又は低血圧また心臓疾患や肝機能や腎機能に重度の障害ある方などは使用が禁止されています。
そこで、これらの副作用等心配のある方には、EDと早漏の改善を図るサイズプロウルトラという天然成分100%のサプリメントがあります。
その主要成分はトリビュラスやイカリソウまた人参やイチョウ葉エキス、ノコギリヤシなど滋養強壮と代謝促進に効果があるとされる成分が使用されており、更に血流改善に効果のあるL-アルギニンも含まれています。
またサプリメントですので副作用が少なく、更にED治療薬との併用も可能です。
このサイズプロウルトラとタダポックス 通販は個人輸入の業者により扱われており、サイズプロウルトラは1箱6,000円前後、タダポックスは1シート3,000円前後が相場となっています。
WordPress fans , it 's here :
The first beta of WordPress 3.0 has been released .
In a late - night announcement Jane Wells , the UX lead at Automattic ( the parent company of WordPress ) , laid out some of the many new features in the version 3.0 beta of the popular blogging software .
The first thing she points out is a new custom menus system , which she makes clear " is not quite finished . "
The newsworthy aspect of the release is the merger of WordPress and WordPress MU ( multi-user ) , a fork of WordPress that allows multiple blogs to operate from a single installation .
These two features are fully merged in Wordpress 3.0 , although you should probably read the instructions before taking this feature out for a test drive .
There are other changes to the UI and interface as well , including the addition of a new default theme , Twenty Ten , and custom post type functionality improvements .
If you 're brave , you can download the update and take it for a test drive yourself .
If you do , let us know what you think of the newest build of WordPress in the comments .
[ via The Next Web ]
“ Play Me , I ’m Yours ” is an artwork by British artist Luke Jerram who has been touring the project globally since 2008 .
Presented in NYC with Sing for Hope , 60 pianos were installed in public parks , streets and plazas in June 2010 .
Like a creative blank canvas , the pianos were there for any member of the public to play and engage with .
This website was made for you to post and share your films , photos and stories about the pianos .
There have been over 1600 uploaded so far !
See highlights .
Whilst connecting the pianos and communities across the city the website acts as a legacy for the artwork in NYC .
At its peak this site had 100,000 hits in one day !
Following the installation , the majority of the pianos were donated to local schools and community groups .
Click on a location below to upload & view your films , photos & comments .
If you thought that Fred Flinstone 's fave pet dino , " Dino , " was a brontosaurus , we 're sorry - you 're wrong .
The type of plant - eating dinosaur with the long , skinny neck and tiny head everyone has been calling a brontosaurus for years never really existed !
Do n't worry - your teachers and the books you read in school were n't intentionally lying to you .
It 's just that incorrect information has a way of getting around .
Well , we 're about to set the record straight .
Brontosaurus : The Myth Begins
The bones that were put together to construct the brontosaurus actually came from more than one dinosaur .
The man who " found " the bones actually came across the body of an apatosaurus , except the head was missing .
He used the head of the closest dino he could find , which actually belonged to a camarasaurus , to complete the skeleton .
He put the fossils together and named the " new " dino " brontosaurus . "
Brontosaurus : The Mistake is Uncovered
Almost 100 years passed before the error was discovered .
Because the body was that of an apatosaurus and it was discovered first , the name " brontosaurus " was dropped .
There never really was a dino that looked like a brontosaurus .
In fact , the name was dropped way back in the 1970s , but for whatever reason brontosaurus is still a familiar name .
The Brontasaurus Never Really Existed
Apatosaurus : Will the Real Brontosaurus Please Stand Up ?
Apatosaurus was one of the largest animals that ever lived .
Some people believe the earth shook when this dino walked .
It could grow to over 85 feet long and over 15 feet tall at the hips .
Apatosaurus is known for its very long neck , which made it easier to eat greens from trees .
They also had big feet : yard - long footprints ( called trackways ) from this big guy have been found in Colorado .
It had a small head along with a small mouth and probably spent most of its time eating to get enough nutrients from plants to stay alive .
Apatosaurus Courtesy of Neil Riehle
The apatosaurus also had huge , elephant - like legs and a long whiplike tail that may have been used as a defense against large predators .
It also had a sharp claw on each thumb that may have deterred attackers .
Possibly traveling in herds , these dinosaurs had to eat a lot of food to keep their massive bodies going .
They may have swallowed plant matter whole and ground it up with a gizzard , like birds do today .
Turns Out Dino's Bones Belonged to Someone Else !
Related Stories :
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 May 1
A Pulsar's Hand
Credit : P. Slane ( Harvard - Smithsonian CfA ) et al. , CXC , NASA
Explanation :
As far as pulsars go , PSR B1509 - 58 appears young .
Light from the supernova explosion that gave birth to it would have first reached Earth some 1,700 years ago .
The magnetized , 20 kilometer - diameter neutron star spins 7 times per second , a cosmic dynamo that powers a wind of charged particles .
The energetic wind creates the surrounding nebula's X - ray glow in this tantalizing image from the Chandra X-ray Observatory .
Low energy X - rays are in red , medium energies in green , and high energies in blue .
The pulsar itself is in the bright central region .
Remarkably , the nebula 's tantalizing , complicated structure resembles a hand .
PSR B1509 - 58 is about 17,000 light - years away in the southern constellation Circinus .
At that distance the Chandra image spans 100 light - years .
One of healthiest herbs that you can include in your diet is fresh cilantro .
Abundant in chlorophyll , iron , and a wide variety of phytonutrients , fresh cilantro provides protection against a wide spectrum of diseases , and may even protect you against a buildup of heavy metals .
In my book , there 's no better way to enjoy the lovely fragrance and health benefits of fresh cilantro than through a homemade salsa .
Here are the ingredients that you 'll need to make mouthwatering , cilantro - rich salsa that you and your loved ones will want to eat all day long .
That 's a large bunch of fresh cilantro , about five small tomatoes , one large sweet bell pepper , a small bunch of spring ( green ) onions , half a lemon , and about three to four cloves of garlic .
Combine all ingredients in a good food processor or a strong blender , add a good pinch of sea salt and pepper , then pulse blend until you reach your desired consistency .
Just be sure to give the tomatoes a rough chop and add them to the processor or blender first to release some tomato juices to aid in blending the rest of the ingredients .
If you prefer a chunkier salsa , go easy with the blending or forget the blender and use a knife to chop everything up .
To add natural sweetness to your salsa , try adding small chunks of fresh , ripe mango .
For some richness and added texture , you can't go wrong with small chunks of creamy avocado .
And if you 're like my mom or aunt and you like to sniffle while you enjoy your salsa , add some chilies to the mix before blending or chopping .
No matter how you do it , once you give homemade salsa a try , my guess is that you 'll have a hard time going back to store - bought varieties that taste more like tomato sauce than the real thing .
And if you 're sure to add a fresh bunch of cilantro , you 'll acquire serious protection against premature disease with every mouthful .
If you have a favorite salsa recipe or ingredient that you 've been keeping under wraps , please consider sharing with the rest of us via the comments section below . :)
Thank you .
Fan Gang , one of China ’s most prominent advocates of reform , is Professor of Economics at Beijing University and the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
He also serves as Director of China ’s National Economic Research Institute and as Secretary - General of the China Reform Foundation .
He was previously a member of the Monetary Policy Committee of the People ’s Bank of China .
British Petroleum , the company whose drill site is spewing thousands of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico each day , could pay for the entire costs of its cleanup thus far with just 3.8 days of profits , according to a new analysis .
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that the company is spending about $ 17.5 million a day on cleanup and mitigation efforts , which are aimed at stemming the flow of oil from a now - leaking well and containing the existing spill .
The sum total of the firm ’s expense has been about $ 350 million .
ADVERTISEMENT
This compares with $ 93 million — a day — the company earned in the first quarter of 2009 .
Using these figures , the liberal blog ThinkProgress calculated that BP could pay for the entirety of their cleanup efforts so far with just 3.8 days of profits .
“ For now , ” the Post wrote , “ at least , BP ’s prodigious costs combating the oil spill in the Gulf are outweighed by prodigious profits . ”
“ The amount of oil leaking into the Gulf of Mexico has been estimated at 5,000 to 25,000 barrels a day , ” the paper adds .
“ In the first quarter , BP produced 2.5 million barrels of crude oil a day worldwide Ã¢â‚¬â€ and it received $ 71.86 for every barrel . ”
To be sure , the entire costs of cleanup and subsequent litigation are sure to be appreciably more .
But the fact that BP earns more than four times more in a day than they ’re spending on the cleanup suggests the company wo n’t face long - term material financial consequences .
ADVERTISEMENT
Stock traders have wiped more than $ 35 billion off the company ’s market capitalization since the spill began .
Analysts say the decline in the company ’s capitalization appears overblown , since Exxon Mobil only ended up having to pay slightly more than $ 600 million for a tanker ’s devastating spill off the Alaskan coast .
BP stock is up slightly today , despite a congressional hearing into the causes of the spill .
The company has a total market capitalization of over $ 150 billion .
BP was leasing the oil rig Deepwater Horizon from oil rig company Transocean when the rig exploded into flames and sank .
Under contracts between the companies , BP is responsible for the entire cleanup effort , even though Transocean actually owned the rig .
ADVERTISEMENT
Despite more than two weeks of attempts using undersea robots and other high technology , BP has failed to stop oil from gushing up from the sunken wreckage of the Deepwater Horizon rig .
The structure sank 42 miles off the Louisiana coast on April 22 , two days after a fiery explosion left 11 crewmembers missing and presumed dead , and the ensuing spill has spewed oil into the Gulf at the rate of at least 210,000 gallons a day threatening fisheries , wildlife and attractions like the sandy white beaches .
ADVERTISEMENT
Estimates now put the leak rate at between 5,000 and 25,000 barrels of oil each day .
The qualities that set a great athlete apart from the rest of us lie not just in the muscles and the lungs but also between the ears .
That ’s because athletes need to make complicated decisions in a flash .
One of the most spectacular examples of the athletic brain operating at top speed came in 2001 , when the Yankees were in an American League playoff game with the Oakland Athletics .
Shortstop Derek Jeter managed to grab an errant throw coming in from right field and then gently tossed the ball to catcher Jorge Posada , who tagged the base runner at home plate .
Jeter ’s quick decision saved the game — and the series — for the Yankees .
To make the play , Jeter had to master both conscious decisions , such as whether to intercept the throw , and unconscious ones .
These are the kinds of unthinking thoughts he must make in every second of every game : how much weight to put on a foot , how fast to rotate his wrist as he releases a ball , and so on .
In recent years neuroscientists have begun to catalog some fascinating differences between average brains and the brains of great athletes .
By understanding what goes on in athletic heads , researchers hope to understand more about the workings of all brains — those of sports legends and couch potatoes alike .
As Jeter ’s example shows , an athlete ’s actions are much more than a set of automatic responses ; they are part of a dynamic strategy to deal with an ever - changing mix of intricate challenges .
Even a sport as seemingly straightforward as pistol shooting is surprisingly complex .
A marksman just points his weapon and fires , and yet each shot calls for many rapid decisions , such as how much to bend the elbow and how tightly to contract the shoulder muscles .
Since the shooter does n’t have perfect control over his body , a slight wobble in one part of the arm may require many quick adjustments in other parts .
Each time he raises his gun , he has to make a new calculation of what movements are required for an accurate shot , combining previous experience with whatever variations he is experiencing at the moment .
To explain how brains make these on - the - fly decisions , Reza Shadmehr of Johns Hopkins University and John Krakauer of Columbia University two years ago reviewed studies in which the brains of healthy people and of brain - damaged patients who have trouble controlling their movements were scanned .
They found that several regions of the brain collaborate to make the computations needed for detailed motor actions .
The brain begins by setting a goal — pick up the fork , say , or deliver the tennis serve — and calculates the best course of action to reach it .
As the brain starts issuing commands , it also begins to make predictions about what sort of sensations should come back from the body if it achieves the goal .
If those predictions do n’t match the actual sensations , the brain then revises its plan to reduce error .
Shadmehr and Krakauer ’s work demonstrates that the brain does not merely issue rigid commands ; it also continually updates its solution to the problem of how to move the body .
Athletes may perform better than the rest of us because their brains can find better solutions than ours do .
To understand how athletes arrive at these better solutions , other neuroscientists have run experiments in which athletes and nonathletes perform the same task .
This past January Claudio Del Percio of Sapienza University in Rome and his colleagues reported the results of a study in which they measured the brain waves of karate champions and ordinary people , at rest with their eyes closed , and compared them .
The athletes , it turned out , emitted stronger alpha waves , which indicate a restful state .
This finding suggests that an athlete ’s brain is like a race car idling in neutral , ready to spring into action .
Del Percio ’s team has also measured brain waves of athletes and nonathletes in action .
In one experiment the researchers observed pistol shooters as they fired 120 times .
In another experiment Del Percio had fencers balance on one foot .
In both cases the scientists arrived at the same surprising results :
The athletes ’ brains were quieter , which means they devoted less brain activity to these motor tasks than nonathletes did .
The reason , Del Percio argues , is that the brains of athletes are more efficient , so they produce the desired result with the help of fewer neurons .
Del Percio ’s research suggests that the more efficient a brain , the better job it does in sports .
The scientists also found that when the pistol shooters hit their target , their brains tended to be quieter than when they missed .
Good genes may account for some of the differences in ability , but even the most genetically well - endowed prodigy clearly needs practice — lots of it — to develop the brain of an athlete .
As soon as someone starts to practice a new sport , his brain begins to change , and the changes continue for years .
Scientists at the University of Regensburg in Germany documented the process by scanning people as they learned how to juggle .
After a week , the jugglers were already developing extra gray matter in some brain areas .
Their brains continued to change for months , the scientists found .
Even as practice changes the brain ’s anatomy , it also helps different regions of the brain talk to one another .
Some neurons strengthen their connections to other neurons and weaken their connections to still others .
Early on , neurons in the front of the brain ( the prefrontal cortex ) are active .
That region is vital for top - down control , which enables us to focus on a task and consider a range of responses .
With practice , the prefrontal cortex grows quiet .
Our predictions get faster and more accurate , so we do n’t need so much careful oversight about how to respond .
Several years ago Matthew Smith and Craig Chamberlain of the University of Northern Colorado examined the connection between the quieting of the cortex and athletic ability .
They had expert and unskilled soccer players dribble a ball through a slalom course of cones .
At the same time , the players were asked to keep an eye on a projector screen on the wall to see when a particular shape appeared .
Even with the second task , the seasoned soccer players could dribble at nearly full speed .
Unskilled players did much worse than when they were undistracted , however .
The disparity suggests that dribbling did n’t tax the expert player ’s prefrontal cortex as heavily , leaving it free to deal with other challenges .
As the brains of athletes become more efficient , they learn how to make sense of a new situation sooner .
In cricket , for instance , a bowler can hurl a ball at 100 miles an hour , giving batsmen a mere half second to figure out its path .
In 2006 Sean Müller , then at the University of Queensland in Australia , and his colleagues ran an experiment to see how well cricket batsmen can anticipate a bowler ’s pitch .
For their subjects they chose three types of cricket players , ranging in skill from national champions down to university players .
The cricketers watched videos of bowlers throwing balls .
After each video was over , they had to predict what kind of pitch was coming and where it would land .
In some cases the video was cut off at the point at which the bowler released the ball .
In other cases the players got to see only the first step , or the first two steps , that the bowler took while the ball was still in his hand .
Elite cricket players did a much better job than less skilled ones at anticipating the outcome of a pitch .
They could make fairly good predictions after watching the bowlers take just a single step , and if they got to see the pitch up to the moment of release , their accuracy improved dramatically .
The less skilled players fared much worse .
Their early guesses were no better than chance , and their predictions improved only if they were able to watch the pitch until the ball had left the bowler ’s hand and was in flight .
Predicting the outcome of a task seems to involve the same brain areas that the athlete develops in practice , which would explain why athletes tend to fare better on challenges like these .
In a related study , Salvatore Aglioti of Sapienza University assembled a group of people , some of whom were professional basketball players , and scanned their brains as they watched movies of other players taking free throws .
Some of the movies stopped before the ball left the player ’s hands ; others stopped just after the ball ’s release .
The subjects then had to predict whether it went through the hoop or not .
The pros in the group showed a lot of activity in those regions of the brain that control hand and arm muscles , but in the nonathletes those regions were relatively quiet .
It seems that the basketball players were mentally reenacting the free throws in their minds , using their expertise to guess how the players in the movies would perform .
These studies are beginning to answer the question of what makes some people great athletes :
They are just able to rewire their brains according to certain rules .
As neuroscientists decipher those rules , they may find ways to give people better skills .
In February 2009 Krakauer and Pablo Celnik of Johns Hopkins offered a glimpse of what those interventions might look like .
The scientists had volunteers move a cursor horizontally across a screen by pinching a device called a force transducer between thumb and index finger .
The harder each subject squeezed , the faster the cursor moved .
Each player was asked to move the cursor back and forth between a series of targets , trying to travel the course as quickly as possible without overshooting .
The group trained 45 minutes a day for five days .
By the end of training , the players were making far fewer errors .
The scientists also trained another group of people on the same game , but with a twist .
They put a battery on top of the head of each subject , sending a small current through the surface of the brain toward a group of neurons in the primary motor cortex .
The electric stimulation allowed people to learn the game better .
By the end of five days of training , the battery - enhanced players could move the cursor faster and make fewer errors than the control group .
And the advantage was not fleeting .
For three months Krakauer and Celnik had their subjects come back into the lab from time to time to show off their game - playing skills .
Everyone got rusty over time , but at the end of the period , the people who had gotten the electrode boost remained superior to the others .
Krakauer and Celnik ’s study hints at a whole new world of ethical issues that may lie ahead for sports .
Would it be cheating for a tennis player to wear a portable electrode as she practiced her serve ?
She would , after all , just be hastening the same changes that come with ordinary practice .
Today ’s controversies over doping in sports focus mainly on muscles .
But tomorrow we may have to decide how much athletes should be allowed to take advantage of neuroscience .
Eurogamer can exclusively reveal that Star Wars : The Old Republic 's eight character classes will each split into two specialised Advanced Classes , giving the player a total of 16 choices of career in BioWare 's MMO .
The first Advanced Classes to be revealed are those for the Sith Warrior .
Choosing Juggernaut will shape this warrior into a tough , damage - soaking tank class , while the Marauder is all about channelling rage and maximising damage output .
Looking at the first exclusive screens of the two , it looks like the Juggernaut will feature the heavy body - modifications of Darth Vader , while the Marauder will be able ape Darth Maul 's twin - lightsaber fighting style .
Choosing your Advanced Class is a pure gameplay decision rather than a story decision .
Advanced Classes will share the same epic narrative , but have different combat styles and play different roles in a group .
Each Advanced
Class will have its own skills and abilities that define its role on the battlefield , and in some cases grant access to new weapon and armour types .
Choosing one means you wo n't have any access to the skills of the other .
An example of the Sith Warrior 's Advanced Class chart .
Disclaimer : number and type of skills may vary .
And each Advanced Class will have a further three branches of skills to specialise in ( equivalent to World of Warcraft 's talent specialisation options on a single class ) .
Unlike the Advanced Classes themselves , you can mix and match these if you like , although they 're all trained from the same pool of points .
The first two skill trees are particular to your Advanced Class , while the the third is a shared set of skills which expand on the core abilities of the main class .
There 's much we still do n't know about Advanced Classes : what the other classes will advance into , when you 'll make the choice , and whether you 'll be able to change your choice at a later date .
But it 's already clear that the range of options they 'll offer the player is impressively large .
You can read more about the Advanced Classes , as well as impressions of playing as the Bounty Hunter class , in our hands on report on Star Wars : The Old Republic .
A week ago , Aaron from Starcraft.org sent us in place of him to cover the Starcraft 2 press event .
After the event , Blizzard offered a tour of their campus .
Below is a video and some photos that Jay and I took .
While viewing the media , here are somethings we have been told or seen during our tour :
Parking gets crazy full during work hours
There are 2 valet parking employees on both ends of the campus
Valets usually double park cars ( because its THAT full )
The front gate of Blizzard , kind of look like Pixar ’s front gate
There are contests to win the closest parking lot on the campus
Art contests happen all the time
The door labeled “ Project Hydra ” is not a code name for a secret game .
It ’s just the area where Diablo employees work in
We were not allowed to take photos of videos of their ( NOC ) Network Operations Center , but it kind of looks like this
Everyone who worked at Blizzard during the grand opening of the new campus received a statuette replica of the Orc statue in the middle of the campus
Everyone ’s desk looks like they are having a contest as to who can have the most toys on it
Video tour and photos are posted past the break .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3564242&dest=-1 ]
+ Show
+
" This might be some sort of psychological warfare , but I do n't care .
Stork knows why . "
+ Show
+
" That 's interesting , but I can't understand how Flash was dodging Proleague games , and still lost in OSL Final .
Anyway , JD practiced with the best Terran in KHAN , so he will win regardless . "
+ Show
+
" Yes , I played JD during our meeting in OZ 's house .
I prepared some offensive ceremonies if I win to give him motivation .
I told him " when you play the final , just think it 's me in the other booth and that I 'm gonna celebrate . "
BTW , how much bookmakers pay for JD - Flash 3 - 0 bet ? "
+ Show
+
" LOL "
+ Show
+
" Meh , it was my dad 's idea .
I told him it does not work that way , but he did n't listen .
I apologize for it ; it wo n't affect the gameplay , I guess .
I hope Jaedong understands and wo n't kill those Power Generators , so that my dad could avoid by - pass surgery . "
Players ' Feedback :
Well , how do you feel ?
Because I 'm quite relieved .
This MSL Final is safe as milk .
This is a 24/7 webcam of some silkie chickens .
Amazing .
Their names : White One = Super Legs Gray One = Hulu Black One = Cheese Mottled One = Monkey
A judge will investigate claims that British intelligence agencies were complicit in the torture of terror suspects , William Hague , the foreign secretary , said tonight .
The move was welcomed by civil liberties campaigners and may put pressure on the Labour leadership candidate and former foreign secretary David Miliband , who was accused by Hague , while in opposition , of having something to hide .
Miliband has repeatedly rejected the accusation and broadly indicated that he or his officials may have been misled by foreign intelligence agencies about the degree of British complicity .
Hague 's remarks appear to have caught the Foreign Office by surprise , as no details were yet available on how the inquiry will be conducted , its terms of reference or when it will start work .
Hague will come under pressure to ensure the inquiry is public and comprehensive .
He first called last year for an independent judicial inquiry into claims that British officials had colluded in the torture of Binyam Mohamed , the former Guantánamo detainee and a UK resident .
Mohamed claimed that he was tortured by US forces in Pakistan and Morocco , and that MI5 fed the CIA questions that were used by US forces .
Philippe Sands QC , professor of law at University College London , said tonight : " To restore trust in government , both here and abroad , and to get to the truth , the inquiry needs to be deep and broad and as open as possible .
It should address , in particular , who authorised what and when and why , what the relevant legal advice said , and how it related to any change in US practice in 2002 and 2003 . "
Tayab Ali , a London solicitor who represents a number of men alleging torture , said the inquiry presented " a significant and precious opportunity " for the British public to understand their country 's role in torture .
He Ali added : " It is essential that the inquiry is credible .
It should be as open as possible , led by a judge and those affected should be properly represented .
Anything less is likely to mean that the inquiry will fail in providing proper answers and holding those responsible to account for their actions . "
Hague 's statement redeems a pledge that both he and his then Liberal Democrat opposite number , Ed Davey , made in opposition .
Hague told the BBC : " We have said again in the coalition agreement that we want a judge - led inquiry .
So will there be an inquiry of some form ?
Yes , both parties in the coalition said they wanted that .
Now what we 're working on is what form that should take . "
The coalition agreement published today by the government does not explicitly call for a judicial inquiry ; it simply states : " We will never condone the use of torture . "
Hague criticised the Labour government last year for failing to provide straightforward answers after the high court upheld one of Mohamed 's claims .
This was that the security services had put questions to him , through the US , even during a two - year period when they did not know where Mohamed was being held , according to Hague .
" So far ministers have stuck to the mantra that 'we never condone , authorise or co-operate in torture ' , " Hague wrote .
" But this does not dispel any of the accusations .
If anything , there is now a direct and irreconcilable conflict between such ministerial assurances and the account given by Mr Mohamed .
That must be resolved . "
He added : " We cannot sweep these allegations under the carpet .
Until the full facts are known , Britain 's name and reputation will be dragged through the mud – not least by the terrorists and extremists who will exploit these allegations for their own propaganda . '
" It is vital to remember that torture does not help us defeat terrorists ; it helps them to try to justify their hostility to us . "
The inquiry to which Hague has now committed himself will need to find a way of offering immunity to anyone who comes forward to give evidence .
Although immunity deals are rarely granted to those who are complicit in torture , lawyers who advised Tory shadow ministers in the run-up to the election concluded that it is possible .
Such a deal would be of clear benefit to the two MI5 and MI6 officers who are currently at the centre of a Scotland Yard investigation into their alleged criminal wrongdoing .
An inquiry may also help to resolve the many civil cases being brought by victims of torture and rendition .
Government lawyers are expected to offer out - of - court settlements worth millions of pounds after the court of appeal this month dismissed an attempt by MI5 and MI6 to suppress evidence of alleged complicity .
For Teachers
Check out the programming language posters which you can use in your class .
Use our register machine interpreter to teach the basics of computational theory !
One of the things I quickly discovered when I started reading up on the whole Dominionism and New Apostolic Reformation movements was just how quickly you could slide into “ Six Degrees of Separation ” talk when covering those involved in these movements .
Obviously , not every person who shares a stage with someone like Cindy Jacobs or Lou Engle shares their views , though it is harder for organizers who include activists of this type in their events to make such arguments .
That is what got Janet Porter in trouble and that is why the Freedom Federation , the right - wing supergroup that includes groups like the Family Research Council , American Family Association , Concerned Women for America , Eagle Forum , Liberty Counsel , Traditional Values Coalition , Wallbuilders and dozens of others , has to take responsibility for the decision to include groups like Generals International , Lou Engle and The Call , and Morning Star Ministries among the coalition members .
We have n’t written much about Rick Joyner of Morning Star Ministries , but he runs a distinctly political organization called “ The Oak Initiative , ” which is also a member of the Freedom Federation , and which has a mission to “ find and help develop principled and effective Christian leaders who can mobilize and organize a cohesive force of activated Christians ” and place them “ on every level where government is found , from the most local to state and national levels . ”
The Oak Initiative has a distinctly Dominionist / 7 Mountains agenda “ to raise up effective leaders for all of the dominant areas of influence in the culture , including : government , business , education , arts and entertainment , family services , media , and the church . ”
And it also has a Board full of Religious Right activists including Janet Porter , Lou Sheldon , Rev. Samuel Rodriguez , Cindy Jacobs , Lt. Gen . W.G. “ Jerry ” Boykin , and Marc Nuttle :
Mr. Nuttle has represented as legal counsel and political counsel , numerous United States House of Representative campaigns , United States Senate campaigns , gubernatorial campaigns , and state House and state Senate campaigns encompassing all states in the continental U.S.
He served on Senator Dewey Bartlett ’s staff and on Governor Henry Bellmon ’s senatorial campaign staff .
He has served as counselor to Senator Don Nickles and as advisor to Senator Jim Inhofe .
Mr. Nuttle served as field counsel for the 1984 Reagan - Bush Reelect Campaign .
In the early 1988 presidential election cycle , he was National Campaign Manager for Pat Robertson ’s presidential campaign .
He was a senior advisor to George Bush ’s presidential campaigns in 1988 and 1992 .
From 1989 to 1991 , he was Executive Director of the National Republican Congressional Committee in Washington , DC .
He was a legal advisor in the Bush - Gore re-count effort in Florida in 2000 .
Starting next week , Joyner ’s Morning Star Ministries is hosting an event called “ The Great Awakening Conference ” in South Carolina that includes , among others , Todd Bentley , the founder of Joel ’s Army :
Todd Bentley has a long night ahead of him , resurrecting the dead , healing the blind , and exploding cancerous tumors .
Since April 3 , the 32 - year - old , heavily tattooed , body - pierced , shaved - head Canadian preacher has been leading a continuous “ supernatural healing revival ” in central Florida .
To contain the 10,000 - plus crowds flocking from around the globe , Bentley has rented baseball stadiums , arenas and airport hangars at a cost of up to $ 15,000 a day .
Many in attendance are church pastors themselves who believe Bentley to be a prophet and do n’t bat an eye when he tells them he ’s seen King David and spoken with the Apostle Paul in heaven .
“ He was looking very Jewish , ” Bentley notes .
Tattooed across his sternum are military dog tags that read “ Joel ’s Army . ”
They ’re evidence of Bentley ’s generalship in a rapidly growing apocalyptic movement that ’s gone largely unnoticed by watchdogs of the theocratic right .
According to Bentley and a handful of other “ hyper- charismatic ” preachers advancing the same agenda , Joel ’s Army is prophesied to become an Armageddon - ready military force of young people with a divine mandate to physically impose Christian “ dominion ” on non-believers .
Back in 2008 , Bentley became a superstar hosting these massive rallies that often featured violent acts of “ healing ” :
He was known to boast about healing through violence .
He had been videotaped telling stories about kicking a woman in the face , slamming a crippled woman ’s legs against the stage and knocking out a man ’s tooth .
This was done , he claimed , on behalf of the Holy Spirit .
Around that time , Bentley was welcomed into C. Peter Wagner ’s sphere of “ apostles ” and “ prophets ” in a ceremony featuring fellow leaders , including Rick Joyner and Stacey Campbell :
Bentley ’s credibility suffered badly when it was announced that he was divorcing his wife , but Joyner has been steadfastly working on “ restoring ” Bentley and Bentley even relocated his ministry to operate directly out of Joyner ’s Morning Fellowship Church .
As I said earlier , there is a danger in playing “ six degrees ” with some of these connections … but in this case it seems entire fair to wonder just how extensive the Dominionism / NAR influence is becoming within the contemporary Religious Right movement when groups like Morning Star , Oak Initiative , Generals International , and The Call are being openly welcomed into their political coalitions .
The MPAA , RIAA and other entertainment industry groups want people to believe that piracy is the result of people 's greed and refusal to pay .
A recent experiment by Wolfire Games sheds another light on this argument , as they found out that even a penny can be too much .
Over the past days the people at Wolfire Games had quite a bit of success with their “ Humble Indie Bundle “ .
The developers have allowed people to set their own price for a bundle of five games , a model that has been tried previously by bands such as Nine Inch Nails and Radiohead .
“ Pay what you want .
If you bought these five games separately , it would cost around $ 80 but we ’re letting you set the price !
All of the games work great on Mac , Windows , and Linux .
We did n’t want to leave anyone out , ” the Wolfire team announced a week ago .
Not only can downloaders choose the amount they want to pay , they can also decide whether they want the money to go to the developers , charity or any combination of both .
The minimum amount required to get a download link is a penny .
Thus far the project has been a great success .
The games have been downloaded more than 80,000 times and have raised $ 683,090 at the time of writing .
Linux users have been the most generous with an average donation of $ 14.01 , while Windows users are stuck at $ 7.31 .
Over the past days Wolfire has covered the results of the “ Humble Indie Bundle ” project in detail .
Overall they have been very satisfied with the results , but they also found that there is still a high percentage of people who did n’t even want to pay a penny , and pirated the bundle instead .
Jeffrey Rosen , the co-founder of Wolfire Games , alerted us to this issue and reported his findings in a recent blog post .
According to their analysis of the incoming donations and the amount of data that was transferred , some 25 % of downloaders did not pay for the bundle .
If Wolfire Games were the RIAA , they would have quickly characterized this group as evil freeriders without any sense of ethics , but Rosen and his colleagues are more realistic in their analysis .
Obviously money ca n’t be an incentive to pirate here , since the games can be legally owned for just a penny .
So what motivates people to download the bundle without paying then ?
What are the barriers that prevent people from coughing up a single penny ?
Rosen mentions that the download links have been posted all over the Internet and that some people would rather click on those directly , than go through the entire payout process just to send over a penny .
We could call this the laziness or convenience argument to pirate .
Another explanation is that the payment processors that are used are not available in every country , so some people could n’t pay even if they wanted to .
In a similar vein , but not mentioned by the Wolfire team , is that many people in the target audience are young and do n’t have access to a credit card .
These two payment restrictions are related to availability , which is a common reason for people to pirate .
Even if they want to buy something legally , they ca n’t because they do n’t have access to a credit card or are in a country where they ca n’t use the required payment processors .
Other reasons for downloading without paying could be that one downloads the bundle from different computers after having paid , or that the download is shared with friends who made a joint donation .
These should not be counted as ‘ piracy ’ either .
Lastly , there could also be a group of people that think that paying a penny is too much , choosing to grab a free copy instead just to be rebellious pirates .
We do n’t think that this group is very large , and even if it is significant we ’re sure that money is not their incentive .
Rose said that they do not intend to add any restrictions to the download links because that would only make the download process more cumbersome for those who do donate generously .
He does have a request for future ‘ pirates ’ though .
“ If you are deadset on pirating the bundle , please consider downloading it from BitTorrent instead of using up our bandwidth !
Also , even though you are pirating our games , please tell some of your friends about the Humble Indie Bundle . ”
Video is the dominant type of traffic on the Internet .
In 2019 , video on demand constituted 60 % of the total global Internet traffic .
The image to the right shows the huge gap between the bandwidth demand of video streaming and the second highest application which is web traffic ( think email , blogs , and news ) .
This means that if you are in the computer networks business , you are pretty much in the business of video delivery .
So the biggest question here , what is the best way to deliver video ?
The " best " in this context can mean a couple of different things .
It can mean delivering the best quality video for the user .
Video quality does not only refer to whether a video is in HD or UHD but also whether it freezes and hangs or not .
The " best " way to deliver video can also mean the most cost efficient way .
If we can save 1 % of the cost of delivering all videos on the Internet , we can save tens of millions of dollars in network operations costs .
This post will explore s…
How many gallons of water does it take to produce $ 1 worth of sugar , dog and cat food , or milk ?
The answers appear in the first comprehensive study in 30 years documenting American industry 's thirst for this precious resource .
The study , which could lead to better ways to conserve water , is in ACS ' Environmental Science & Technology , a semi-monthly journal .
Chris Hendrickson and colleagues note in the new study that industry ( including agriculture ) long has been recognized as the biggest consumer of water in the United States .
However , estimates of water consumption on an industry - by - industry basis are incomplete and outdated , with the last figures from the U.S. Census Bureau dating to 1982 .
They estimated water use among more than 400 industry sectors -- from finished products to services -- using a special computer model .
The new data shows that most water use by industry occurs indirectly as a result of processing , such as packaging and shipping food crops to the supermarket , rather than direct use , such as watering crops .
Among the findings for consumer products :
It takes almost 270 gallons of water to produce $ 1 worth of sugar ; 200 gallons of water to make $ 1 worth of dog and cat food ; and 140 gallons of water to make $ 1 worth of milk .
" The study gives a way to look at how we might use water more efficiently and allows us to hone in on the sectors that use the most water so we can start generating ideas and technologies for better management , " the scientists note .
Welcome to Absolute China Tours
With over 21 years of experience in the travel industry , Absolute China Tours is truly one of the leaders in the business .
Very few travel agencies out there can match our longevity and track record .
We are fully licensed and registered agency by the China National Tourism Administration , the government body that promotes and regulates tourism .
We are also certified by ASTA , the American Society of Travel Agents .
We offer pre-packaged and tailor made China tours with a focus on creating an absolutely amazing travel experience for our customers from all over the world .
Contact us today to start planning your trip !
Jamillah Knowles
Online reporter
Judith Lewis of London Girl Geek Dinners
Women may still be a minority in the technology industry but they are establishing strong support networks to stay connected .
An event at London 's recent Sci-Fi film festival was aimed at women and produced by women - with the aim of supporting female comic book artists and creators .
The presentation included an appearance by Judith Lewis of London Girl Geek Dinners , a not - for - profit organisation designed to bring together women with a personal or professional interest in technology .
The group meets regularly in various venues around London to network and listen to female speakers .
Men can only attend if they are accompanied by a " girl geek " .
Global phenomena Girl Geek Dinners has grown from a London - based gathering to groups all over the world including Australia , Canada , America and throughout Europe .
Similar organisations also host events designed to encourage women in technology .
Leslie Fishlock created Geek Girl Camp in the United States .
Its projects include donating laptops to women in need and repairing old laptops to give to women returning to education .
However the organisation is best known for its boot camp - a full day of workshops covering all sorts of technology from social media , PC and Mac maintenance , podcasting and programming .
Most of the women who come the camps are like Ms Fishlock 's mother who is now in her seventies .
" Technology flew by her , it was not something she could go to school for , she did n't work with it so did not have a lot of computer skills and all she wanted to do was make a spread sheet for her swim team , " Ms Fishlock told BBC News .
Tech - feminism
We 're not trying to be radical or disruptive , but to show that women have a place in technology
Judith Lewis
It may sound like a classic case of feminism in action but the groups are cautious of the association .
" The feminist movement was incredibly important to people like my mum who had to argue with people like my programming teacher so that I could stay in my course , " explained Judith Lewis .
" To her the word feminist means something different .
In a sense [ Geek Girl Dinners ] is a feminist movement as it aspires to a lot of the same ideals but I do n't want it to be seen as something that is feminist as this can be seen as something marginal or negative .
" We 're not trying to be radical or disruptive , but to show that women have a place in technology . "
Geek label
The term geek is also controversial .
Some in the tech world are happy to embrace it while others find it insulting .
How do women feel about being called a geek ?
Julie Roads is one of the speakers at Girl Geek Camp Julie Roads works with Leslie Fishlock at the Geek Girl Camps as a speaker , blogger and tech evangelist .
She thinks the term has positive connotations .
" It 's Geek Girl , not Geek Woman , it 's alliterative and it's meant to be fun .
Our logos are all pink and that is meant to be tongue - in - cheek .
It 's friendly but it walks the line between the serious issues and gathering to have fun . "
Ms Fishlock also believes that it has been accepted by her group with good humour .
" Women may not be geeks but they want to be a geek girl . "
Judith Lewis feels that semantics can weigh the issue down .
" Often we get too wrapped up in the naming of things .
We have striven to expand what people understand about what the word means and also to try to not make it such a negative word . "
Geek Girl initiative
In organising meetings and social groups worldwide , these organisations cover a wide selection of cultural tastes , skills and ideas .
The aim in all cases is to provide support and encouragement where it is most needed .
" The woman of the house should not have to say , I 'll wait for my son to come back from college to put songs on my iPod or fix my computer , it 's making those lessons available so they can do it themselves , " said Ms Fishlock .
" There are many resources online where they can go to learn .
In schools , demand that your kids are learning more about technology , in your community , get involved in women in tech programs . "
Judith Lewis hopes that one day groups such as Girl Geek Dinners will no longer be necessary .
" It would be lovely in 20 years for Girl Geek Dinners to be completely pointless as it would be taken for granted that women work well in this sector .
With men and women coming to talk about they 're doing and how rewarding it is not just to be a women in tech , but to be working in tech full stop . "
You can hear more about the project in this week 's Pods and Blogs podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Leinster ( 10 ) 37
Tries : C Healy , Horgan , S Keogh , R Kearney Cons : Nacewa ( 4 ) Pens : Nacewa ( 3 )
Edinburgh ( 14 ) 28
Tries : Thompson , Robertson 2 , Kelly Cons : Godman ( 4 ) Edinburgh 's Phil Godman is tackled by Brian O'Driscoll of Leinster Leinster came from behind for a victory that sealed a home Magners League semi-final against Munster and ended Edinburgh 's hopes of squeezing through .
Two late converted tries by replacement flanker Stephen Keogh and full - back Rob Kearney helped the province secure top spot in the final league table .
Edinburgh had led 14 - 0 through tries from Jim Thompson and Mark Robertson .
Cian Healy and Shane Horgan replied for Leinster before Edinburgh got further tries from Andrew Kelly and Robertson .
Stand - in out - half Isa Nacewa , filling in for Shaun Berne who sustained a knock in the warm - up , landed seven kicks from seven attempts .
The first quarter was scoreless but that all changed in the 23rd minute when Edinburgh 's Robertson put Thompson through for a try and Phil Godman added the conversion .
Luck was then on Edinburgh 's side as referee Peter Fitzgibbon missed a clear case of crossing and Robertson beat the first tackle to make it all the way to the line .
Leinster 's Jamie Heaslip in action against Greig Laidlaw of Edinburgh Leinster got on the scoreboard , four minutes before half - time , when Jamie Heaslip attacked off the base of a scrum , and his back row colleague Kevin McLaughlin took it on before prop Healy burrowed over from a ruck .
Nacewa kicked the conversion and followed up with a penalty as Leinster ended the half on the attack , but facing a 14 - 10 deficit .
They made a good start to the second period as Nacewa cantered through and passed for Horgan to score in the left corner .
Nacewa added the conversion and a further penalty gave them 20 - 14 lead .
Edinburgh responded in the 64th minute when the alert Kelly collected a loose ball off a ruck to muscle over under the posts .
Godman converted and , just a minute later , added the extras to Robertson 's second try as he sprinted through a gap between Horgan and O'Driscoll .
But the long - time league leaders failed to panic and got back within scoring range .
Nacewa kicked his third penalty , closing the gap to 28 - 23 , and then visiting prop Allan Jacobsen and number eight Allister Hogg were sin-binned in quick succession for ruck offences close to their posts .
In a nail - biting finish , Leinster drew level when Keogh , supported by McLaughlin , crashed over and Nacewa 's conversion edged the hosts ahead .
When Godman 's snap drop - goal attempt was blocked by Kearney , Leinster sensed blood and the full - back won the race to Hines 's hack through to register the bonus point .
Nacewa drew over the conversion to complete his impressive 17 - point tally .
Leinster : R Kearney , Horgan , O'Driscoll , D'Arcy , Dempsey , Nacewa , Reddan , C. Healy , Fogarty , Wright , Cullen , Hines , McLaughlin , D. Ryan , Heaslip .
Replacements : McFadden for D'Arcy ( 63 ) , Ross for Wright ( 58 ) , O'Kelly for Cullen ( 78 ) , S. Keogh for D. Ryan ( 48 ) .
Edinburgh : Thompson , Robertson , Cairns , De Luca , Visser , Godman , Laidlaw , Jacobsen , Ford , Traynor , MacLeod , S. Turnbull , MacDonald , R. Grant , Hogg .
Replacements : Kelly for Ford ( 61 ) , G. Cross for Traynor ( 52 ) , Newlands for MacDonald ( 33 ) .
Referee : Peter Fitzgibbon ( Ireland ) Attendance : 11,836
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iraq : Bloodiest day this year deepens political crisis
By Bill Van Auken
12 May 2010
A series of violent attacks from one end of Iraq to the other turned May 10 into the country ’s bloodiest day thus far this year .
The attacks , claiming approximately 120 dead and some 300 wounded , have deepened the political crisis that has gripped the country since national elections more than two months ago , which have yet to produce a new government .
Along with a string of horrific suicide bombings — the kind of attack that has kept the monthly death toll in Iraq at between 300 and 400 throughout the year — Monday ’s violence also saw a series of coordinated and sophisticated attacks on Iraqi security forces , in which at least 12 soldiers and cops were killed and another two dozen wounded .
Guerrillas dressed in street cleaners ’ uniforms attacked at least 14 military - police checkpoints in Baghdad , firing on security forces with silencer - equipped weapons .
Similar attacks were launched on checkpoints in the north , where US , Iraqi and Kurdish troops man tense borders between Kurdish and Arab districts .
At least two members of the Peshmerga Kurdish militia were killed at a checkpoint struck by a suicide car bomber .
Attacks also took place in the southern oil - producing center of Basra , an overwhelmingly Shia area , where such operations , by what are presumed to be Sunni armed organizations , had been considered extremely difficult .
In Fallujah , the predominantly Sunni city west of Baghdad that was subjected to repeated US sieges , bombs exploded at dawn outside the homes of leading officials in the local security forces , killing at least four .
The greatest number of lives was lost in a few massive car bombings .
One took place outside a state - owned textile plant in the predominantly Shia city of Hilla , about 60 miles north of Baghdad .
The first bomb was set off as workers were leaving their shift , while a second was detonated after co-workers , family members and emergency crews had rushed in to aid the wounded .
At least 43 people were reported killed , and 150 or more wounded .
Renovation of the factory had been completed only last year as part of a US - funded project .
Given the bitter sectarian divide generated by the seven - year - old US war and occupation , such projects are seen by some as part of the transfer of wealth and jobs from the Sunni minority — which has suffered a massive loss of employment — to the Shia majority .
A Shia religious center in Suwayra , west of Baghdad , was also bombed , with 11 people killed .
The level of killing was comparable to the bloodiest days of 2006 - 2007 , before the US military “ surge ” that had supposedly pacified Iraq and paved the way toward the handing off of security operations from American troops to the Iraqi security forces .
The new wave of violence has underscored , however , that nothing has been resolved , and the real legacy of the US military offensive , as well as the country ’s continued foreign occupation , is a shattered society in which rival bourgeois factions are prepared to unleash sectarian carnage upon the Iraqi population in pursuit of their own narrow interests .
It has also made clear that the US strategy of targeted assassinations against leaders of the Sunni resistance groups has failed to curtail their ability to carry out devastating attacks .
The reaction to the wave of violence from rival Iraqi bourgeois factions was one of bitter recriminations , with each attempting to blame the other , while simultaneously attempting to exploit them to vie for Washington ’s support .
In interviews with various media outlets , Iyad Allawi , the former CIA asset whose political grouping won an unexpected plurality in Iraq ’s March 7 election , warned that Monday ’s violence was a warning that the country was sliding into a new civil war that was being fueled by the attempt of incumbent Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki to hold onto power based upon a sectarian Shia alliance .
Allawi and his supporters blamed the violence on the attempt by Maliki ’s faction to steal the election by purging and jailing Sunni members of Allawi ’s electoral formation and turning toward the Iraqi National Alliance , led by the dissident cleric Moqtada al - Sadr .
Allawi , who began his service to Washington as a participant in various CIA - backed attempts at overthrowing Saddam Hussein in Baghdad and then became a conduit for Washington ’s lies about “ weapons of mass destruction , ” was installed by the US occupation force as an unelected “ interim prime minister ” for nine months in 2004 .
He is now warning his American patrons that unless Maliki is reined in , the resulting violence can spread well past Iraq .
“ This conflict will not remain within the borders of Iraq , ” he told the British Guardian .
“ It will spill over and it has the potential to reach the world at large , not just neighboring countries .
Now Iraq is at centre stage in the region .
But it is boiling with problems , it is stagnant and it can go either way . ”
Allawi has complained that elected members of his coalition — which owed its plurality largely to Sunni voters — had been arrested and subjected to persecution by the “ Justice and Accountability Committee ” .
This government body was initiated under the US Coalition Provisional Authority , the colonial setup created in Iraq in the wake of the US invasion , to ferret out and bar from the government and security forces former members of Saddam Hussein ’s ruling Ba’ath Party .
At least six members of Allawi ’s slate have been singled out by the committee .
The exclusion of only two of them would deprive the electoral grouping of its 91 - seat plurality .
Maliki ’s State of Law Coalition won 89 seats , while the Shiite fundamentalist Iraqi National Alliance won 70 .
The remaining 57 seats went to Kurdish parties from Iraq ’s north .
Allawi has also sought to enlist Washington ’s support by charging that Maliki ’s machinations are being carried out at the behest of Iran , which he accused of “ meddling ” in Iraqi affairs and inspiring the use of the de-Ba’athification panel against his supporters .
A spokesman for Allawi ’s Iraqiya coalition , meanwhile , charged that the attacks had been facilitated by the politicization of the security forces and the prolonged stalemate in efforts to form a new government .
“ This is the result of the political vacuum , " said Maysoon al - Damluji , a Sunni politician who serves as the Iraqiya spokeswoman .
“ There is no government .
No parliament .
Insurgents are able to sneak through these gaps — the inefficiencies of the security apparatus . ”
Maliki managed to force a recount of ballots in Baghdad , a process that could drag on for weeks .
Political wheeling and dealing in pursuit of a majority coalition could continue for even months more .
Maliki , the leader of the Shiite fundamentalist Da’wa Party , who returned to Iraq from exile in 2003 , has , like Allawi , served as a servile puppet of the US occupation .
He took office as prime minister in 2006 , before US forces were unleashed against anti-occupation Shiite militias .
He and his supporters have denounced Al Qaeda as the author of Monday ’s nationwide attack , though the organization itself has not claimed responsibility .
The clear aim is to curry favor with Washington , which has justified its “ global war on terror ” as well as its continuing war in Afghanistan - Pakistan in the name of a crusade against the Islamist organization .
While Allawi and Maliki have feigned support for the withdrawal of US military forces from Iraq , both of them are seeking to curry Washington ’s favor and are seeking continued US military backing to solidify a new government capable of dispensing wealth and privileges — all control of oil production — to the bourgeois factions that they represent .
For Washington , which has stated its intention to reduce the number of American occupation troops to 50,000 in order to free up forces for deployment to Afghanistan , the new wave of violence poses serious problems .
In what must qualify as one of the major understatements by US officials , Major - General Stephen Lanza , the US military ’s spokesman in Iraq , said that the attacks exposed “ a threat out there that we have to be concerned about . ”
Emigration Up , Birth Rate Down Graying Germany Contemplates Demographic Time Bomb
Germany is already facing a demographic nightmare as birth rates fall despite a slew of family - friendly policies .
Now , new statistics show that more people are leaving the country than immigrating -- adding to concerns about the country 's shrinking population .
Caring Counsel for Injured Clients
A serious personal injury can change your life in an instant .
With the right lawyer on your side , you can make sure you get the medical care you need and financial compensation you deserve .
At the St. Louis Law Office of Scott H. Green , P.C. , we protect the rights of individuals throughout Missouri who have been injured on the job or in a car accident .
We also provide speeding ticket and traffic violation defense .
Here for Your Recovery and Protection
Contact the Law Office of Scott H. Green
Focused on auto accident and workers ’ compensation , we have handled thousands of cases for clients across Missouri , earning tens of millions of dollars in recovery for our clients .
While the majority of our practice centers in St. Louis city , St. Louis County and St. Charles County , we handle cases statewide .
We know how the courts handle these cases , and we know how to maximize compensation for you and your family , whether you were injured at work or in a car accident .
Our firm is led by attorney Scott H. Green .
Born and raised in St. Louis , he has been protecting the rights of people in the community for 20 years .
Along with his office staff , attorney Green has the experience and resources to handle your personal injury case and make sure you get the chance to make a full recovery .
Schedule your free initial consultation with an experienced St. Louis car accident lawyer today .
Affordable Legal Counsel
Making a full recovery after your accident should not require significant financial investment upfront .
That is why we handle all car accident and workers ’ compensation cases on a contingency basis , and advance all costs on almost all auto and work injury cases .
Whether we reach a settlement through negotiation or fight for you in court , we will not charge any attorney fees until you have made a recovery .
Contact Us for a Missouri Workers ’ Compensation Attorney
If you have any questions or concerns about your case , we are ready to help you find answers and explore your options .
Our St. Louis office is open during regular business hours , and we have evening and weekend appointments available .
We make home and hospital visits as well .
Contact us today to schedule a free initial consultation .
" Mum , Dad , I 'm not a Muslim any more . "
My mother looks up sharply , bristling with annoyance .
" Do n't be ridiculous , of course you are . "
My father does n't look up , assuming this is just the latest in a long line of pronouncements about religion that began with me age 10 spending a whole summer with a black scarf on my head to demonstrate my desire to become a Catholic nun .
It was a phase that he was convinced would pass , like the Baha'i boyfriend or Bhangra - based Punjabi militancy .
" You 're still culturally Muslim , " he said .
I know the subtext of that : believe what you like in your heart but socially do n't run around telling family and friends that you 've renounced the faith .
In Islam a renunciate is much worse than an infidel .
There is no place in heaven for someone who is born into the faith and decides to reject it .
You could n't say you did n't know any better , you purposely stepped away from salvation .
It was n't that I do n't believe in God .
I often wish I did n't as atheism is a great deal sexier .
How rock n' roll to have the courage to know that you are alone and there is no rhyme or reason for you being here ?
It is the James Dean of philosophies .
But unfortunately I do believe in God just not in a personal God – and I do n't believe he 's the only one up there .
I wanted three things from my religion :
1 . A moral code based on the Oscar Wilde quote " some people cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go " – strive to be the first kind of person and not the second
2 . A profoundly hedonist approach to life
3. Transcendence – be that through ritual or prayer or eating marshmallows in woodland
I gravitated toward paganism , specifically witchcraft .
I liked that these were not " people of the book " and their only " book " was one that the follower created him or herself .
I liked that there was a whole pantheon of gods and goddesses to engage with ; it was n't worship in the old sense of the word , it was co-creation .
The only thing that troubled me about my new tribe was its propensity to want to organise into groups that then try to get mainstream recognition .
I quite liked the lack of organisation and / or dogma that paganism represents .
The lack of any structure , hierarchy ( as a solitary person I never joined a coven with a priest or priestess ) , or rules meant that I was free to do as I pleased .
I followed the guidance I received in dreams .
I accepted and adopted that which felt true to me and rejected that which did n't .
I celebrated the solstices and lived by the moon .
It was a time of expansion and magic .
My mother started to cope with it better .
She is quite a superstitious person and also does n't believe it is right to denigrate anyone else 's religion .
Since she did n't get that I only had a loose set of beliefs and no religion , she began treating everything I did as religiously significant .
Glasses would n't be cleared from my room in case they were part of a spell ( usually the stuff congealed at the bottom was wine drunk days ago rather than the blood of her wild imaginings ) and there was much careful dusting of my altar .
She even became addicted to the occasional ( very un - Islamic ) tarot card reading .
We had peaceful co-existence until I got my tattoo .
I had prepared my parents for the fact that I had a compulsion to get a tattoo , I 'd just not let them in on what it was going to be .
It was a yantra for the goddess Kali .
" I thought you meant you 'd get a rose or something , " wailed my mother .
Then I was " guided " to only eat raw food for seven days after I got the tattoo .
My mother stopped talking to me .
Finally my dad took us to dinner to try and broker a peace agreement .
I ordered a raw salad , my mother 's jaw tightened .
" Are you a Hindu now ? "
" Nope . "
" I see .
You know you can't have a Muslim burial now ? "
" Yep . "
" Have you thought what family will say at your death ? "
" I was hoping all you elders would die before me . "
My mother 's face visibly relaxed .
She even cracked a smile .
" Ah , that 's true .
God willing . "
• The author has used a pseudonym at the request of her parents
Image Credit : Kevin Mazur/ Wireimage.com ; AMPASShe joked about it on a promo for Saturday Night Live ( “ Type , nerds ! ” ) , but fans of Betty White are taking the idea of the 88 - year - old hosting the Oscars seriously .
The Facebook page “ Getting Betty White to Host the Academy Awards ” has amassed more than 6,000 fans since launching late Sunday night .
It might sound far - fetched , but after proving she ’s a ratings boost for SNL , one has to think the Academy might at least stop to consider it .
She ’s got the live TV experience and the quick wit .
She ’s beloved ( in a Bob Hope way ) , so A - listers should be game for bits .
And despite all those nerves she spoke about before hosting SNL , once she hit that stage , she was the picture of confidence .
UPDATE : White ’s agent , who was instrumental in convincing her to host SNL , tells EW.com , “ It is very flattering to hear that there is a movement on Facebook for Betty to host the Oscars .
I try not to discuss hypotheticals with Betty … .
If offered …we will sit down or maybe even stand up and discuss if it is in her best interest . ”
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 679 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Michael Marston Airline Australia - Air Force Version General Dynamics F - 111C Aardvark Generic Type General Dynamics F - 111 Aardvark / Raven Basic Type General Dynamics F - 111 Aardvark / Raven Manufacturer General Dynamics MSN D1 - 20 Reg. A8 - 144 Location Avalon ( Geelong ) Region Victoria Country Australia Date Photographed March 24 , 2007 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 420,335
Photo Added : April 26 , 2007
Photo Copyright © Michael Marston .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
It ’s only been one day since Google announced Android 2.2 and released the SDK to the public ( and it ’s been less than an hour since we reported that Froyo would technically be able to run on older phones such as the T - Mobile G1 ) , and now a bootable ROM has already ( supposedly ) been ported to both the G1 the T - Mobile MyTouch 3G .
You can thank ChiefzReloaded – a developer prominent on AndroidSpin – for the initial leg work to possibly getting a fully working ROM for the phones very soon .
Right now , kinks are still being worked out ( especially since the ROM is based on the SDK image and not the AOSP source tree ) , but ChiefzReloaded is confident that he can whip up a working ( but most probably not optimal ) release in the coming weeks for those of you who are worried that your phone will be left out of the parade .
Now all we need is for Android 2.2 ’s source code to be available through AOSP and the entire development community will begin jumping all over it .
[ Note ] :
The kernel version in one of the screenshots is for an older version of Android .
The new kernel did not allow Android 2.2 to boot on the devices , as ChiefzReloaded explains , and this taped - together solution is the result of it being based on an SDK image and not the full Android source .
Take all of that for what you will .
Also note that – on older SDK images – the charging symbol would remain static while running within the Android device emulator .
In these screenshots , the symbol is alternating ( what you ’d see on an actual phone to indicate that it ’s charging ) .
I ’ve yet to download and install SDK 2.2 , so I ca n’t confirm that it ’s different from the image in SDK 2.1 , but I ca n’t imagine Google would change that up for any reason .
[ Update ] :
The port has also been confirmed to be working on Verizon ’s HTC Droid Eris and the Google Nexus One .
The phone – in full ( non ) flesh – can be seen running Froyo here .
It too does n’t have the correct kernel version .
It ’s now apparent that ChiefzReloaded was telling the truth .
' Because [ President Obama 's ] so radical , you 're now going to have , I think , the most consequential campaign since 1932 , ' when Franklin D. Roosevelt clobbered President Herbert Hoover , Newt Gingrich told POLITICO .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
Gingrich forecasts Obama loss
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich gives President Barack Obama only a 20 percent chance of being reelected — and says he might be the one to give Obama the boot .
Gingrich , who this week published a book called “ To Save America : Stopping Obama ’s Secular - Socialist Machine , ” said he thinks Obama has “ about one chance in five of getting reelected . ” and called him “ the closest thing to Jimmy Carter I ’ve seen . ”
Advertisement
“ Because he ’s so radical , you ’re now going to have , I think , the most consequential campaign since 1932 , ” when Franklin D. Roosevelt clobbered President Herbert Hoover , Gingrich said .
Giving predictions for November ’s midterms , Gingrich said House Republicans will pick up “ somewhere between 40 and 65 or 70 seats ” — enough to gain control of the House .
“ I believe John Boehner will be speaker in January , ” he said .
Gingrich said he even sees a chance of Republican control of the Senate .
“ If they can beat Barbara Boxer [ in California ] , I think that [ Mitch ] McConnell is going to be the Senate majority leader . ”
The former speaker said there is “ more of a possibility now ” that he ’ll run for president than when he was considering the idea ahead of the 2008 election .
He said he ’ll decide in February or March of next year and will base the decision partly on whether there is “ a potential to raise the resources to be a serious , major candidate . ”
Gingrich said he and his wife , Callista , will base the decision on two top factors : “ Is the case for basic change clear enough , and powerful enough , that articulating it and carrying it is a legitimate part of my role as a citizen ? ” and “ Is there a potential to raise the resources to be a serious , major candidate . ”
“ This is a decision that will change the entire rest of our lives , and I think we 're taking it with our daughters and our son - in - laws and our grandchildren , ” he said .
“ We 're taking this very methodically and very seriously .
It 's very daunting . …
The whole point of my book is to say :
We have to have a decade of really profound , deep , change , and it has to be in the right direction to compete with China and India and to defeat terrorism .
And if we do n't get those , we are in deep trouble . …
“ The movement that would achieve that ca n't just be the presidency — that 's where Obama did n't get it .
It ca n't even just be the Congress .
It 's got to be school boards , city council , state legislature , county commission , governorships .
I mean , you have to have a wave of change in this country for us to be able to compete with China and India . …
There are thousands of people around the country who walk up and say : ‘ We have to have leadership that will get this done . ’ ”
A teenager riding in a car in Hayward was shot and killed by a gunman standing on the center median of a busy street , police said Tuesday .
Samuel Nava III , 17 , of Hayward was in a car traveling north on Mission Boulevard at about 6:45 p.m.
Monday when it made a U - turn at Industrial Parkway , police Lt. Chris Orrey said .
A man standing on the center median opened fire on the car , striking Nava , Orrey said .
The driver continued driving south on Mission and stopped at a shopping center about a mile away .
Nava was taken to Eden Medical Center in Castro Valley , where he was pronounced dead .
The gunman was seen running west on Industrial after the shooting , Orrey said .
He was described as a white or Latino man in his 20s or 30s , 5 feet 7 to 5 feet 10 inches tall , with a medium build and dark hair .
He was wearing long blue jean shorts or blue jean pants and dark shoes .
Nava was the great - great grandson of Pancho Villa and was a varsity baseball player at Hawyard High School , his grandfather , Samuel Nava Sr. of Hayward , said Tuesday .
" He had a lot of charisma , " said the elder Nava , 69 .
" He was the life of the party . "
He said he believes the slaying may have resulted from a " stare - off " between his grandson 's friends and another group .
Anyone with information is asked to call police through the Crime Stoppers line at ( 510 ) 293-7197 .
The U.S. House of Representatives just voted 410 - 4 to authorize delivering an extra $ 205 million of our taxpayer dollars to Israel – on top of the $ 3 billion in military assistance already in the pipeline for FY2011 .
H.R.5327 , the United States - Israel Missile Defense Cooperation and Support Act , was introduced just two days ago , after the Obama Administration notified Israel that it would support the authorization and appropriation of funds for Israel to purchase ten batteries of the " Iron Dome " missile defense system .
Barbara Lee , Lynn Woolsey , and nearly all the other " progressives " voted for the bill .
( The complete roll call results are here . )
The only " No " votes came from John Conyers , Dennis Kucinich , Ron Paul , and Pete Stark .
Kucinich and Paul have pretty consistently opposed aid to Israel , but Conyers ’ vote is a pleasant surprise , as he has only rarely dared to stand up to the Israel lobby .
Stark , the least prominent of the four , is a moderately liberal Democrat who represents the southeastern part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
According to Wikipedia , he is the first , and so far only , openly atheist member of Congress .
Though he has n’t often spoken out about the Middle East , he was among the 54 reps who signed the letter to Obama in January calling for an end to the siege of Gaza .
And he , like Lee , was feted at the Democratic Party function last week in Castro Valley where some of us demonstrated to demand an end to aid for Israel – we were focused on Lee , but perhaps we had some effect on Stark ?
The bill specifically authorizes funding for " Iron Dome , " a high - tech system that ’s supposed to defend against Katyusha rockets ( fired by Hezbollah into northern Israel in 2006 ) and the Qassam projectiles Palestinian resistance forces in Gaza lob over the wall toward Sderot and adjacent areas .
Israel has been working on the system for years , but Haaretz reported last week that " The Israel Defense Forces ducked away from funding the project with its budget , explaining that offensive readiness was a higher priority , and the Defense Ministry has been looking for other budgetary avenues . "
With Obama and Congress stepping into the breach , the IDF will now be free to devote all its resources to " offensive readiness . "
The U.S. Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation has an action alert with useful talking points about the new bill here .
Contrary to some recent media reports , the closure of Momma Cherri 's Soul Food Shack had nothing to do with lack of support from Gordon Ramsay .
I 've never said anything about Gordon .
I 'm not stupid .
I would n't be where I am without his Kitchen Nightmares programme .
I 've become a household name all over the world .
I had an email from Beijing the other day .
It was the economic climate that did for the restaurant .
We went into administration two years ago because things were tight .
Then my daughter bought the company and was running it under licence .
But just as we were starting to see things pick up , the recession hit hard .
People just stopped coming during the week ( although we were still very busy at the weekends ) .
After Kitchen Nightmares , we were incredibly popular .
I was turning away 80 people a day .
It got to the stage where even the waiting list was too long .
With the benefit of hindsight we should n't have moved to bigger premises .
But Gordon made the same mistake as me .
He 's expanded too big and too quickly and it has n't worked .
Yes , it 's on a totally different scale but it 's the same principle .
Did Gordon call me when the restaurant closed ?
No , he did n't .
You have to take Kitchen Nightmares for what it is .
But if you go on a programme like that , be sure to go on a business course as well , or at least bring someone on board who understands business , because you can have the best food in the world but if you do n't have enough customers coming through your doors or if you do n't understand the nature of VAT or PAYE , you will struggle .
They were just initials to me but they 're the things that can shut you down .
It 's been a really tough time for me and for everyone .
Love 's , another Brighton restaurant that was on the show , has also closed .
Even Gordon 's had a few problems .
But I have n't given up .
I 'm selling my food at farmers ' markets and catering at a Brighton club night , Soul Survivors .
And I 'm writing my second cookbook along with trying to sell my range of sauces into supermarkets .
American soul food is still here .
I 'm still here .
Watch this space .
Ardipithecus ramidus -- a purported human ancestor that was dubbed Science magazine 's 2009 " Breakthrough of the Year " -- is coming under fire from scientists who say there is scant evidence for her discoverers ' claims that there were dense woodlands at the African site where the creature lived 4.4 million years ago .
Instead , " there is abundant evidence for open savanna habitats , " says University of Utah geochemist Thure Cerling , lead author of a critique published as a " technical comment " in the May 28 issue of Science .
The criticism -- by eight geologists and anthropologists from seven universities -- is important because the claim that the 4.4 - million - year - old fossil nicknamed Ardi lived in woodlands and forest patches was used as an argument against a longstanding theory of human evolution known as the savanna hypothesis .
That hypothesis holds that an expansion of savannas -- grassy plains dotted with trees and shrubs -- prompted ape - like ancestors of humans to descend from the trees and start walking upright to find food more efficiently or to reach other trees for shelter or resources .
A Breakthrough under Fire
Last October , a team of four dozen scientists led by Tim White of the University of California , Berkeley , published 11 studies in Science outlining 17 years of work in which they excavated Ardipithecus fossils -- including a partial skeleton of a female nicknamed Ardi -- as well as 150,000 animal and plant fossils .
They characterized the environment at what is now Aramis , Ethiopia , as woodland to forest patches with a climate cooler and more humid than today .
advertisement
In December , Science named the research that uncovered Ardipithecus and her environment as the 2009 " Breakthrough of the Year , " citing how the fossils were more than a million years older than those of the previously oldest known hominid partial skeleton -- that of Lucy , or Australopithecus afarensis .
But a month earlier , in November , Cerling and the seven other scientists submitted their critique to Science .
The journal did n't publish it until now -- when Cerling and his University of Utah coauthor , geologist Frank Brown , are in the field in Kenya and difficult to reach .
Both expressed frustration it took so long .
The Utah researchers ' critique to Science was coauthored by two anthropologists -- Richard Klein of Stanford University and John D. Kingston of Emory University -- and by four other geologists : Naomi Levin of Johns Hopkins University , Jay Quade of the University of Arizona , Jonathan Wynn of the University of South Florida , and David L. Fox of the University of Minnesota .
Most of the authors have studied ancient soils and other geological indicators of environment at African hominid sites .
Levin , Quade and Wynn are former Utah students .
The critique concludes that Ardi most likely lived in tree or bush savanna with 5 percent to 25 percent of the area covered by trees or shrubs , not the minimum 60 percent to meet the definition of a closed - canopy woodland .
Cerling acknowledges Ardi could have lived in a wooded river corridor , but it was a river that flowed through savanna .
advertisement
" It was n't a pure grassland , and it was n't forest either , " says Brown , dean of the University of Utah College of Mines and Earth Sciences and distinguished professor of geology and geophysics .
" It was what people call savanna , " says Cerling , a distinguished professor of geology and geophysics , and of biology .
That contradicts
White and coworkers , who " propose an environment that is mostly forested with connected canopy . "
Cerling and Brown say they are n't advocating the savanna hypothesis , just noting that White 's own data support it rather than contradict it .
" The idea that savannas were important in human ancestors starting to walk on two legs means they spent less energy getting from one food source to another than they would have if they were still moving around on all fours , " says Brown .
" One of the big , newsworthy items that White and coworkers put forward is that Ardipithecus walked upright on two legs , yet lived in a forested environment , " he adds .
" They then say the savanna hypothesis -- which holds that the reduction in forest cover in Africa is one of the reasons for early man becoming bipedal -- must be incorrect . "
Cerling says : " Our conclusion is that much of the evidence that they [ White and colleagues ] present should be interpreted as a savanna environment , therefore their rejection of the savanna hypothesis is incorrect . "
The Case for Ardi's Home on the Savanna
Three of the 2009 Science papers by White and colleagues cited various data they collected from ancient soils , plant fossils and so on to support the notion that Ardipithecus lived in woodlands .
Cerling and colleagues based their conclusions on the White team 's own data , including data for ancient soils that are buried and compacted , and phytoliths , which are tiny grains of silica that form within living plants and later become fossilized in rock .
The relative abundances of phytoliths from various plants , and stable or non-decaying carbon isotopes in fossil soils both provide evidence of ancient vegetation , letting researchers distinguish whether an area was covered by grasses or woody plants .
Cerling says phytoliths from Aramis are inconsistent with a dense woodland environment and instead indicate tropical grasses made up 43 percent to 77 percent of the ecosystem .
White 's group examined how much tropical grasses contributed to the carbon composition of soil .
Cerling says 83 of 84 samples from nine sites in the Aramis area indicate a significant amount of tropical grasses were growing when the soils formed , and only one sample could be interpreted as having been from soil formed in a forest with no tropical grasses .
For all sites , the median amount of tropical grass by biomass produced was 40 percent to 60 percent -- hardly a forest , he says .
Cerling says
White contends seven of the nine Aramis sites were forested .
Yet the carbon isotopes indicate " the Aramis site has more [ tropical ] grasses than other sites of the same age that other people have studied in East Africa , " he adds .
" It means Aramis was more open than even the most open of the sites people have looked at . "
Carbon - 13 levels in tooth enamel from animals such as giraffes and antelopes were interpreted by White and colleagues to indicate closed - canopy forest patches .
Cerling says the values are not consistent with modern animals that live in dense forests , but are consistent with browsing animals that range from river - edge woodlands to savanna .
The team that discovered Ardipithecus also used an index of aridity , " and the values they calculate for Aramis are comparable to the driest modern sites that have been examined , " says Cerling .
Yet they claim " out of the blue " that the area was forested rather than being a savanna with wooded areas along a river .
Cerling sharply criticizes
White 's team for claiming a forest environment when there are fossils of two species of small grassland rodents .
" What they are saying is all the grassland mice were brought in from somewhere else after they were eaten by owls , " he says .
" That presupposes it was a forest . "
The critique concludes that although its authors do not judge the validity of the savanna hypothesis , the connection between human ancestors walking upright and the expansion of grasslands " remains a viable idea . "
Schematics of two types of optical circuits : the three particle trimer functions as a nanoscale magnet , while the seven particle heptamer exhibits almost no scattering for a narrow range of wavelengths due to interference .
Credit :
The laboratory of Federico Cappaso , Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
Imagine creating novel devices with amazing and exotic optical properties not found in Nature -- by simply evaporating a droplet of particles on a surface .
By chemically building clusters of nanospheres from a liquid , a team of Harvard researchers , in collaboration with scientists at Rice University , the University of Texas at Austin , and the University of Houston , has developed just that .
The finding , published in the May 28 issue of Science , demonstrates simple scalable devices that exhibit customizable optical properties suitable for applications ranging from highly sensitive sensors and detectors to invisibility cloaks .
Using particles consisting of concentric metallic and insulating shells , Jonathan Fan , a graduate student at the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences ( SEAS ) , his lead co-author Federico Capasso , Robert L. Wallace Professor of Applied Physics and Vinton Hayes Senior Research Fellow in Electrical Engineering at SEAS , and Vinothan Manoharan , Associate professor of Chemical Engineering and Physics at SEAS and Harvard 's Physics Department , devised a bottom - up , self - assembly approach to meet the design challenge .
" A longstanding challenge in optical engineering has been to find ways to make structures of size much smaller than the wavelength that exhibit desired and interesting properties , " says Fan .
" At visible frequencies , these structures must be nanoscale . "
In contrast , most nanoscale devices are fabricated using top - down approaches , akin to how computer chips are manufactured .
The smallest sizes that can be realized by such techniques are severely constrained by the intrinsic limits of the fabrication process , such as the wavelength of light used in the process .
Moreover , such methods are restricted to planar geometries , are expensive , and require intense infrastructure such as cleanrooms .
" With our bottom - up approach , we mimic the way nature creates innovative structures , which exhibit extremely useful properties , " explains Capasso .
" Our nanoclusters behave as tiny optical circuits and could be the basis of new technology such as detectors of single molecules , efficient and biologically compatible probes in cancer therapeutics , and optical tweezers to manipulate and sort out nano - sized particles .
Moreover , the fabrication process is much simpler and cheaper to carry out . "
The researcher 's self - assembly method requires nothing more than a bit of mixing and drying .
To form the clusters , the particles are first coated with a polymer , and a droplet of them is then evaporated on a water - repellent surface .
In the process of evaporation , the particles pack together into small clusters .
Using polymer spacers to separate the nanoparticles , the researchers were able to controllably achieve a two nanometer gap between the particles — far better resolution than traditional top - down methods allow .
Two types of resulting optical circuits are of considerable interest .
A trimer , comprising three equally - spaced particles , can support a magnetic response , an essential property of invisibility cloaks and materials that exhibit negative refractive index .
" In essence , the trimer acts as a nanoscale resonator that can support a circulating loop of current at visible and near - infrared frequencies , " says Fan .
" This structure functions as a nanoscale magnet at optical frequencies , something that natural materials cannot do . "
Heptamers , or packed seven particle structures , exhibit almost no scattering for a narrow range of well - defined colors or wavelengths when illuminated with white light .
These sharp dips , known as Fano resonances , arise from the interference of two modes of electron oscillations , a " bright " mode and a non-optically active " dark " mode , in the nanoparticle .
" Heptamers are very efficient at creating extremely intense electric fields localized in nanometer - size regions where molecules and nanoscale particles can be trapped , manipulated , and detected .
Molecular sensing would rely on detecting shifts in the narrow spectra dips , " says Capasso .
Ultimately , all of the self - assembled circuit designs can be readily tuned by varying the geometry , how the particles are separated , and the chemical environment .
In short , the new method allows a " tool kit " for manipulating " artificial molecules " in such a way to create optical properties at will , a feature the researchers expect is broadly generalizable to a host of other characteristics .
Looking ahead , the researchers plan to work on achieving higher cluster yields and hope to assemble three - dimensional structures at the macroscale , a " holy grail " of materials science .
" We are excited by the potentially scalability of the method , " says Manoharan .
" Spheres are the easiest shapes to assemble as they can be readily packed together .
While we only demonstrated here planar particle clusters , our method can be extended to three - dimensional structures , something that a top - down approach would have difficulty doing . "
Explore further New Self - Assemble Building Blocks for Nanotechnology
NEW YORK , USA - Oprah's
Host your own show competition is under fire after videos of several contestants were getting thousands of votes in a matter of minutes .
Doctor Phyllis , an African - American contestant managed to get a reported 300,000 votes in under 25 minutes , while Zach Anner , who suffers from celebral palsy was a favourite on social bookmarking sites , ranking up millions of views in the past week .
The sudden gain in votes on the Doctor Phyllis video sparked debate on how videos were getting such enormous responses so fast , and whether spam bots where voting instead of viewers .
To add to the turmoil , according to RadarOnline , Oprah was targeted in a viral internet spam attack which was a leading search result in google to protest the vote rigging .
OWN ( Oprah 's television network ) has denied rigging votes in favor of their preferred contestants .
Despite the allegations , the speculation surrounding the contest has shed light on some talented young people with innovative ideas and given others encouragement to give the contest a try .
Their videos are compelling , sometimes awkward , but also intriguing .
This is the kind of contest that many will feel gives them a chance to Think Big .
Hannah Arendt considered today : Totalitarianism , genocide and the need for thought
Scholars at Stanford consider how one of the leading thinkers of the 20th century helps us link the future and the past – and a former Stanford president recalls a friendship .
L.A. Cicero Gerhard Casper , right , described his friend Hannah Arendt as ' forceful and opinionated . '
Robert Harrison said Arendt 's notion of friendship and thought was rooted in solitude .
The 20th century world of philosophy did not , as a rule , create superstars .
Hannah Arendt was an exception – almost from the time she coined the phrase that has become a cliché , " banality of evil , " to describe the 1961 trial of Nazi Adolf Eichmann in a series of articles for The New Yorker .
She acquired a cult status that her mentors , philosophers Karl Jaspers and Martin Heidegger , could hardly imagine .
Thirty - five years after her death , the German - Jewish political theorist , author of Eichmann in Jerusalem , Origins of Totalitarianism , The Human Condition and Life of the Mind , among other works , is an international industry , with new letters , commentaries and biographies published every year .
But perhaps her message has been obscured by celebrity .
A scholarly conference at Stanford attempted to redress the imbalance in its own way with a recent two - day workshop , " Hannah Arendt and the Humanities : On the Relevance of Her Work Beyond the Realm of Politics , " sponsored by the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies .
Scholars from around the world discussed the life and thought of one of the most seminal and influential political philosophers of the last century .
A friend remembers
In a surprise appearance , Stanford University President Emeritus Gerhard Casper spoke of his friendship with Arendt , from their meeting in 1961 until her death in 1975 .
" Why Arendt ?
Why Arendt now ? " asked Professor Amir Eshel , director of the Forum on Contemporary Europe .
He said that in the humanities , her " insights about the link between the past and the future " can " address the predicaments of our time , specifically such manmade disasters as genocide and mass expulsion . "
Arendt fled Germany when Hitler rose to power in 1933 , immigrating in 1941 to the United States , where she taught at a number of universities .
Her works , particularly The Origins of Totalitarianism , a study of the Nazi and Stalinist regimes , spurred a wide - ranging debate on the nature and history of totalitarianism .
Her books analyzed freedom , power , evil , political action – and , always , thought .
Stanford professor Robert Harrison , chair of the Department of French and Italian , made the conference 's most spirited address in a talk on " passionate thinking . "
He considered Arendt 's notion of friendship and thought as rooted in solitude and the ability to commune with oneself – that " plurality begins with the individual . "
The " overwhelming question " in the humanities , he said , is " How do we negotiate the necessity of solitude as a precondition for thought ? "
" What do we do to foster the regeneration of thinking ?
Nothing .
At least not institutionally , " he said .
" Not only in the university , but in society at large , everything conspires to invade the solitude of thought .
It has as much to do with technology as it does with ideology .
There is a not a place we go where we are not connected to the collective .
" Every place of silence is invaded by noise .
Everywhere we see the ravages of this on our thinking .
The ability for sustained , coherent , consistent thought is becoming rare " in the " thoughtlessness of the age . "
Harrison decried the public fascination with Arendt 's youthful affair with Heidegger , a Nazi sympathizer ; the publication of Arendt 's personal letters ; and her biographers ' invasive use of private material – although at least one biographer , Thomas Wild of Berlin , author of Hannah Arendt , attended the workshop .
Casper said that he had to be " cajoled into coming " as Arendt was " a very private person . "
" She would not have approved of videos , being taped at all times and put out on the web , " he said , indicating the camera that was filming the event .
He noted that " she liked to gossip – very much so . "
However , he said , " What she would have been appalled by is the industry .
Cottage industry ?
This is hardly a cottage industry anymore . "
Guarded her solitude
Casper reinforced the notion of Arendt as a guardian of her own solitude : attending conferences infrequently and " always thinking … always fiercely independent , " protecting her " private time , time for study , time in her apartment on Riverside Drive . "
" She was forceful , opinionated , never had any doubts about her views , " he said .
" In certain circumstances she was willing to listen carefully and be convinced she was wrong .
Those were rare . "
Casper said he considered her best book to be Eichmann in Jerusalem , a book that concluded , famously , with a direct address to Eichmann :
Just as you supported and carried out a policy of not wanting to share the earth with the Jewish people and the people of a number of other nations – as though you and your superiors had any right to determine who should and who should not inhabit the world – we find that no one , that is , no member of the human race , can be expected to want to share the earth with you .
This is the reason , and the only reason , you must hang .
" She was incredibly good when she observed , when she told what she saw , " Casper said .
" She was incredibly suggestive and artistic – she was not definitive , not scientific , " he said .
" That 's why she 's not popular among philosophers , nor among political scientists .
She was putting forward a kind of truth , not definitive , about the human condition .
That was her great strength . "
Arendt is more than another talking head ; Eshel said that she forms a formidable counterpoint German philosopher Walter Benjamin 's view of the past " as one single catastrophe , which keeps piling wreckage upon wreckage at the feet of the angel of history . "
Arendt instead " wants us to acknowledge our ability to set off , to begin , to insert ourselves with word and deed into the world .
Arendt seemed to have sensed that if we do not do so there may be indeed no future for us to share . "
Media Contact
Cynthia Haven , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 724-6184 , [ email protected ]
The Obama administration is determined to link the Times Square Fizzler , Faisal Shahzad , to the Pakistani Taliban , and is n’t about to let logic , reality , or anything remotely related to the facts get in its way .
With the complicity of the Obama - stricken media , they just might get away with it , opening the way for expanded military operations in Pakistan , in “ retaliation ” for an attack that never even happened .
Attorney General Holder did the talking heads circuit this Sunday , no doubt for the explicit purpose of launching this trial balloon , and he had plenty of help from – for example – Jake Tapper , formerly of Salon , the pro-Obama liberal news site , and currently George Stephanopoulos ’ replacement on “ This Week . ”
Asked by Tapper what ’s new with the Shahzad investigation , Holder replied :
“ Well , we ’ve now developed evidence that shows that the Pakistani Taliban was behind the attack .
We know that they helped facilitate it .
We know that they probably helped finance it and that he was working at their direction . ”
Pretty incendiary stuff , if true : but where ’s the proof ?
What ’s the evidence ?
One would think the normally inquisitive Tapper would at least make a perfunctory effort to get the facts , but no , he just goes with the flow :
“ Is there any evidence that there ’s a cell that Shahzad was working with in the United States ?
Or was it just him operating from directions from Pakistan ? ”
Holder ’s assumption — that it was all a plot hatched in Pakistan – is accepted at face value , without question , and it ’s on to the implications .
This is what “ liberals ” like Tapper and the Salon crowd have learned , after eight years of the Bush administration ’s lies , and the entire Iraq fiasco – nothing .
They think because their guys are in power that it ’s okay , that we can give them a blank check and they wo n’t walk away with the family jewels .
This is n’t mere naivete .
It ’s collaboration .
Tapper might have asked about the statement of Gen. David Petraeus – who surely has some good connections to US intelligence – to the effect that Shahzad acted as a “ lone wolf . ”
He might have asked about the possibility that the Fizzler acted out of anger at his apparently desperate financial situation , or some problem in his personal life – but no .
Instead , Tapper cut to video of Hillary Clinton threatening Pakistan :
“ We want more .
We expect more .
We ’ve made it very clear that if , heaven forbid , an attack like this that we can trace back to Pakistan were to have been successful , there would be very severe consequences . ”
Remember how Bush administration officials used to go on the talk shows and rant about Saddam ’s “ weapons of mass destruction ” – effectively using the “ mainstream ” media as a sounding board for their lies masquerading as “ intelligence ” ?
Well , as Yogi Berra would say , “ It ’s déjà vu all over again ! ”
I ’m saying it ’s a lie because Holder offered no actual evidence , and because everything we now know points away from the administration ’s conspiracy theory , namely :
The ineptness of the “ bomb , ” which was just a collection of propane tanks , the wrong kind of fertilizer , cheap alarm clocks , and firecrackers .
The Pakistani Taliban sure knows how to make a bomb : if they “ trained ” and “ directed ” Shahzad , one would think he might have made a better job of it .
The failure of the Taliban to take “ credit ” for the attack .
One could argue they were so embarrassed by the Fizzler ’s ineptitude that they did n’t want to be associated with it , or him .
However , one has to assume our declared enemies – if they managed to get as close to us as Times Square – would be boasting about it , rather than saying , as the Pakistani Taliban did , that while they admired what Shahzad did , or tried to do , they had no hand in training or directing him .
Signs that Shahzad experienced severe financial and personal problems in the period leading up the Times Square incident .
His house had been foreclosed , his bank was suing him , and he was reportedly having problems with his wife – who went abroad before the incident , taking their two children with her .
All of this underscores the high probability that he simply went ballistic , as I argued here .
Shahzad insists he acted alone .
If he is , in fact , a dedicated Taliban operative , acting at the behest and under the control of the leadership , then surely he would n’t hesitate to say so .
He ’s a fanatical anti-American terrorist , right – so why would n’t he use his new - found notoriety to broadcast the Taliban ’s message and advertise its reach ?
The alleged Taliban connection just does n’t comport with the known facts .
Via “ leaks ” coming out of the administration , we hear Shahzad claims to have met top Taliban leaders , but as Robin Wright , of the US Institute of Peace ( a government agency ) said on Tapper ’s show : “ Well , apparently , he ’s singing like a bird , I was told last night .
But there are also a lot of tall tales that he ’s telling , and they have to keep going back to him over and over and over because a lot of it ’s not making sense . ”
Of course it ’s not making sense : crazy people are funny like that .
Here ’s what I think : a deranged individual , who could n’t put together a car - bomb if his life depended on it , sought to make his increasingly meaningless and unpleasant existence count for something – and he wound up being the equivalent of the Maine .
Remember the Maine ?
It was a US ship parked in Havana harbor that suddenly blew up – and the incident was blown up into a convenient casus belli by a US government ( and media establishment ) eager for war with Spain .
Years from now , if we go into Pakistan with “ boots on the ground , ” as some are suggesting , in “ retaliation ” for this “ attack ” by the Taliban , Shahzad will go down in history as the nutjob who started a major war .
How fitting for a nation that has itself gone crazy – a nation whose elites are now considering abolishing the last of our civil liberties on account of this failed act of mental aberration and alienation .
Imagine if Richard Nixon or anyone in his administration had suggested abolishing or even “ modifying ” Miranda rights when that Weatherman bomb - making factory exploded by accident all those years ago in Manhattan .
The ensuing uproar would have deafened the gods on Olympus .
Yet Holder suggested the administration is taking this very course – and nary a peep of protest , or even surprise , out of Jake “ the Stenographer ” Tapper .
Go back to Salon , you hack !
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Today is the first day of our spring fundraising drive , and I just want to point out that we are practically the only major media outlet questioning the Taliban - did - it narrative being put out by the Obama administration .
It ’s incredible to me that we may actually make a major move into Pakistan based on such a flimsy and utterly unconvincing pretext .
Even more incredible is the fact that the American media seems to be going along with it – exactly as they did when George W. Bush told us about those nasty “ weapons of mass destruction ” just waiting to be launched by Iraq .
The only difference being that the Bushies were much better liars – this crowd does n’t seem to care much about the quality of the “ evidence ” they present .
Indeed , as seen above , they do n’t even bother with evidence – nor are they asked for any , either by the Jake Tappers of this world or by anyone in Congress ( Ron Paul , of course , is the exception ) .
And of course the “ opposition ” party is even more eager than the Obamaites to go barreling into Pakistan , and we can safely predict they ’ll never question the rationale for “ Shahzad ’s war ” in the slightest , except to criticize the President for not having launched it sooner .
That ’s why you need to make your donation – today , right now : because we ’re the only ones standing up to challenge these transparent lies .
Are we really going to invade Pakistan – a nuclear - armed nation teeming with rising hatred of the US government – on the basis of a madman ’s tall tales ?
It ca n’t happen ; it must not happen .
They ca n’t get away with it – not this time .
You can help make sure they do n’t get away with it by contributing to Antiwar.com .
Help us get past the “ mainstream ” pro-war pro-administration media , and get out the truth .
And the best way you can do that right now is to make a donation – it ’s 100 % tax - deductible , and it ’s much - needed .
We depend on you , our readers and supporters , to keep us going .
We are n’t asking for much : there ’s no executive - type salaries , and certainly no perks , around Antiwar.com ’s virtual “ office . ”
It ’s bare bones and nose - to - the - grindstone .
Now , if you ’ll pardon me , I have to get back to my grindstone , but before I go , let me say in parting : give as much as you can as soon as you can .
Contribute today .
Strife Over Stem Cells German Scientists Dispute Medical Breakthrough
A German research team stunned the world in 2008 by extracting stem cells from testicular tissue .
Now , though , other scientists dispute the claim .
The result has been a very public back - and - forth in the pages of the scientific journal Nature -- and very little certainty .
Von Cinthia Briseño
FACTS , ruled America 's Supreme Court in 1918 in the “ hot news doctrine ” , can not be copyrighted .
But a news agency can retain exclusive use of its product so long as it has a commercial value .
Now newspapers , fed up with stories being “ scraped ” by other websites , want that ruling made into law .
The idea is floated in a discussion document published by the Federal Trade Commission , which is holding hearings on the news industry 's future .
Media organisations would have the exclusive right , for a predetermined period , to publish their material online .
The draft also considers curtailing fair use , the legal principle that allows search engines to reproduce headlines and links , so long as the use is selective and transformative ( as with a list of search results ) .
Jeff Jarvis , who teaches journalism students to become entrepreneurs at New York 's City University , says this sounds like an attempt to protect newspapers more than journalism .
Germany is mulling something similar .
A recent paper by two publishers ' associations proposed changing copyright law to protect not only articles but also headlines , sentences and even fragments of text .
Critics say that would extend copyright to facts .
It would also be hard to make either regime work in practice .
In America , a regulator would presumably need to determine the period of commercial value : perhaps two hours for news of an earthquake , 30 minutes for sports results .
In Germany , publishers want a fee on commercial computer use .
Germany 's justice minister last week hinted at support for the news industry , but also said that a new law would not stir young people to buy newspapers .
New products , she says , would be a better response to flagging demand .
( CNN ) --
You used to know them as maps , but in a Web 2.0 world they 're now called geographic information systems ( GIS ) and they could play a key part in saving the world 's endangered coral reefs .
Harnessing the power of interactive maps is Reefs at Risk Revisited , a conservation and research project headed by the World Resources Institute .
It is in the process of updating its 1998 survey on the threats to the world 's coral reefs and central to the project is Google Earth .
The online map is being used to collect data from nearly 30 project partners , including WWF and Conservation International , and the final report will be freely available to the public .
People will be able to zoom around the world as they normally would , but instead of " flying " from their house to Pyongyang they will be able to almost literally dive into the reefs and discover the pressures on some of the world 's most delicate marine ecosystems .
Lauretta Burke who heads the project for the World Resources Institute is enthusiastic about the way in which interactive maps have enabled her team to gain more information and show it in an informative and engaging way .
" The new maps will be 64 times as detailed as the previous report , " she told CNN .
" The sharing of information has also improved [ between research groups ] , which has allowed us to be aware of what has worked and how to replicate those success stories . "
The project looks at four main threats to coral reefs -- marine - based threats , over - fishing , coastal development , and land - based sources of pollution -- in six main coral reef regions .
Each threat will be color - coded and information on specific areas can be clicked on and explored .
Watch the Reefs at Risk Revisited video .
One new element that will be included in the report will be the impact of climate change , with information on warming seas and ocean acidification .
While there have been success stories in managing coral reefs , the latest research has provided some cause for concern .
" The Indian Ocean has become much more threatened than it was 10 years ago , " said Burke .
" And the Pacific , which was a relatively low threat area 10 years ago , has increased a lot .
The other striking finding is of the four local threats it 's over - fishing that has really increased the most . "
Burke says that it is n't just sea-life that will be highlighted on the map , but the dangers to communities that depend on reefs , be it through tourism or fishing , for their livelihood .
The final report that will be published in September will also look to the future , to 2030 and 2050 , projecting what may happen to coral reef communities and what could be done help them survive additional climate - related threats .
" The main message is that if we do n't reduce our emissions of CO2 in the atmosphere ... we will lose these ecosystems , " said Burke .
Burke also hopes the maps will be used by the public as well as conservation groups that could use them to focus their campaigns on highly - threatened locations .
Burke has used the maps herself to pick a diving vacation spot and thinks eco-minded tourists could easily do the same .
The IMAX film " Coral Reef Adventure " based their shooting locations on Reefs at Risk information .
" We do hope [ the project ] will be used as leverage for more investment in coastal management and more focus on it , " said Burke .
" The importance is in reducing local pressures , particularly of over - fishing , so that we can create more resilient systems that might be able to survive these times of elevated CO2 and increased warming . "
Elections this month have enhanced the political clout of two groups widely separated on the political spectrum .
The tea party movement stands to play an outsize role in the fall elections now that outsider Rand Paul has swept Kentucky 's GOP Senate primary , while unions provided the muscle for Democrats to win a key special election in Pennsylvania .
Dr. Paul 's victory comes just after Utah Sen .
Bob Bennett was denied a place on the primary ballot by a GOP state convention dominated by tea party activists .
In Kentucky , Dr....
Why is big business being picked on ?
Australia 's big businesses have been hit by a string of policy losses ; the latest is Kevin Rudd's ' resource super profit tax ' .
The Government is running deficits ; but despite the global financial crisis Australia 's big companies - particularly banks and resource companies - are producing record profits .
So they 're an obvious source of cash for the government ; and big business does n't vote .
The Government is also playing to a populist backlash against large companies .
Australians see big business as gouging consumers to increase profits .
They hate excessive CEO pay , and also recognise big business interests often conflict with the national interest .
The Opposition is also attacking big business .
Tony Abbott wants to levy a $ 2.7 billion tax on big business to fund paid maternity leave .
He is also flagging a slowing of big - business driven record immigration .
But as a Conservative should n't Abbott be defending big business from Labor ?
Not necessarily .
The Liberal Party should be ' pro- markets ' , not ' pro-big - business ' .
Big business exists for one purpose only - to maximise profits .
That mostly leads to efficient and desirable outcomes .
But it also means it does n't care about anything else , like the national interest .
Governments , both Labor and Liberal , therefore have a role to check big business when its interests clash with the national interest ; such as when our resource companies want to sell themselves to Chinese - government - owned companies regardless of national security issues .
But sometimes the pursuit of profits by big business means it also does n't care about free markets .
A government should be promoting and protecting free markets because they 're the most efficient way of allocating resources .
Big business does not equal free markets .
Because its sole aim is to maximise profits , big business has a tendency to restrict competition so it can control markets and charge higher prices .
In the past decade or so big business has managed to co-opt financial buzz words like ' economic liberalism ' and ' free markets ' to mean ' pro- business ' .
It 's like the star player in a team has convinced everyone he is the team - that if you question the star player , you question the team and are disloyal .
But a good coach has the interests of the whole team a heart .
Sometimes that means pulling the star down a peg or two - particularly when his ego is out of control - in the interests of the team .
A government needs to promote and protect markets as a whole ; not just the interests of the biggest companies .
Sometimes that means curbing the interests of big business .
A University of Chicago academic , Luigi Zingales , argues there are actually " serious tensions " between a ' pro-market ' agenda and a ' pro- business 'one .
He says the Republicans in the US have become pro-business , rather than pro-markets .
The problem is a ' pro- business ' stance means government is susceptible to lobbying by business for outcomes that benefit the business , but are at odds with the national interest or free markets .
It 's what happened with Wall Street firms , which helped trigger the GFC .
Zingales says the Republicans need to reassert their economic liberal credentials .
That means rejecting subsidies , holding companies financially accountable for mistakes , and not letting firms ( such as Wall Street banks ) become so big they can't be allowed to fail .
Politically , this is smart .
A pro-markets stance taps into the populist backlash against big business .
But it also provides an alternative to the Rudd and Obama ' big government ' response to the global financial crisis .
It directs the anti-big - business backlash , not into more government , but something positive - more efficient and freer markets .
The Liberal Party should also be mindful of the difference between being pro-markets and pro-business when it formulates policy .
In this context Abbott 's $ 2.7 billion maternity leave tax on big business does n't make sense .
Yes , it is an attack on big business .
But the attack is not to protect the national interest , nor to promote freer or more efficient markets .
It is a tax to fund a budget hole for a policy everyone should contribute to .
It is something Obama or Rudd would do and big business has a legitimate gripe .
Abbott should also be supporting the principle of a ' resource super profit tax ' .
It is a more efficient tax superior to state royalties that is in the national interest ( Australians get more for business use of their non-renewable resources ) .
That does n't mean Abbott can't oppose it on the definition and mechanics of the tax ; ie on the grounds it 's too high , or the hurdle rate is too low , etc .
But to simply take the side of mining companies because it is a pro-business stance is misguided .
Some may say it 's sacrilege for ' conservatives ' or the ' right ' to attack big business .
It 's anything but .
Big business does not always equate to the national interest ; and big business does not always equate to free markets .
Ben Power is a writer , journalist and investor .
Restless legs syndrome , which causes an irresistible desire to move legs , appears to be a hereditary condition that 's more prominent among French Canadian women and may be caused by a combination of genetic influences and environmental effects .
According to a large - scale study published in the Archives of Neurology , siblings of people affected by restless legs syndrome are three and a half times more likely to develop the disease .
The investigation , which builds on previous research that suggested the ailment is clustered in families , is the work of scientists from the University of Montreal , Sainte - Justine University Hospital Research Center , University of Montreal Hospital Research Center , Hôpital du Sacré - Cœur de Montréal , Montreal Heart Institute , Douglas Mental Health University Institute and McGill University .
" Until now , there has been a lack of large - scale , systematic and clinical studies precisely measuring the degree of heritability of restless legs syndrome in families -- information that is critical if we are to advance genetic studies and discover the cause of this condition , " says senior author Guy Rouleau , a professor at the University of Montreal Faculty of Medicine , director of the Sainte - Justine University Hospital Research Center and a scientist at the University of Montreal Hospital Research Center .
The research team studied 671 individuals diagnosed with restless legs syndrome in Quebec , Canada : 192 who were assessed at the Hôpital du Sacré - Cœur de Montréal sleep center and 479 affected family members who responded to diagnostic interviews .
In cases where one family member was diagnosed with restless legs syndrome , the condition appeared in 77 percent in other family members who participated in the study .
By age 60 , siblings of an individual with the condition were about 3.6 times more likely to have restless legs syndrome compared to people without an affected sibling .
Offspring of parents with the condition had 1.8 times the risk of developing restless legs syndrome by the age of 40 .
" Restless legs syndrome is prevalent in 10 to 15 percent of French - Canadians , yet the neurological disorder is often misdiagnosed .
Restless legs syndrome is a chronic disorder with an average of 24 years of suffering , affects people of all ages and usually begins before the age of 30 .
Most family members who are diagnosed with the disease experience moderate symptoms of restless legs syndrome , " says first author says Lan Xiong , a Université de Montréal researcher .
" Our findings indicate that familial restless legs syndrome is more prominent among female relatives , particularly those who also have anemia or iron deficiency conditions , and who have multiple pregnancies . "
The research team suggested that restless legs syndrome clusters in families due to genetic influences , environmental effects or the combination of both .
" The cumulative total of family members affected by restless legs syndrome should be of interest to all concerned physicians , geneticists and epidemiologists , " says Dr. Rouleau .
" We also recommend that scientists and clinicians further examine how environmental risk factors , combined with genetic predisposition , may contribute to the occurrence of restless legs syndrome in families . "
Site currently unavailable
The site you have requested is not currently available and is undergoing essential maintenance .
Please check back shortly .
Scientists have discovered the molecule in the brain that leads to hangovers .
The neuropeptide , a brain - signalling molecule , is believed to cause the body to experience withdrawal symptoms as the brain tries to adapt to different intoxication levels .
The neuroscientists from the University of Southampton 's School of Biological Sciences studied the simple brains of C. elegans worms , which have a makeup similar enough to the human brain when intoxicated or dependent on alcohol .
What they found was striking .
Basically , when a worm brain ( similarly , a human brain ) is exposed to drinking over a long period of time , it becomes accustomed to certain intoxication levels .
The brain experiences a series of withdrawal symptoms when the drinking stops .
Typically , these hangover symptoms can include anxiety and agitation , even seizures .
" This research showed the worms displaying effects of the withdrawal of alcohol and enables us to define how alcohol affects signalling in nerve circuits which leads to changes in behavior , " said professor Lindy Holden - Dye , a neuroscientist of the University 's School of Biological Sciences and member of Southampton Neurosciences Group ( SoNG ) , who led the study .
When the worms were given small doses of alcohol during their withdrawal their irritable behaviors eased .
Unfortunately , this approach to combating a hangover also increases the chances for alcohol dependency .
Alcohol dependency and abuse are among the most common mental disorders .
This study , published in PLoS
One journal , showed hope for an average 13 percent of the adult population that suffers from these disorders .
This study identifies where and also how alcohol consumption affect the nervous system and the brain in a way that has n’t been revealed until now .
" This is leading to new ideas for the treatment of alcoholism , " Holden - Dye said .
" Our study provides a very effective experimental system to tackle this problem . "
A study out this week in PNAS asked US participants to rate variables in their lives such as " stress , " " worry , " and " happiness " and used the responses to estimate their well - being .
The resulting graph of well - being against age takes the shape of a U .
In both males and females , overall life satisfaction seems to trend downward until a person 's early fifties , when it curves up again .
The study was conducted by phone and collected over 300,000 data samples that were socioeconomically representative of the country as a whole .
Scientists asked participants to rank their lives on various scales , including positive variables like " happiness " and " enjoyment " as well as worry , stress , and sadness .
The graphs of the various parameters took on some interesting shapes : enjoyment and happiness were also U - shaped , both bottoming out in the early fifties .
Stress and worry had sharp increases between the 18 - 21 and 22 - 25 age brackets .
Stress declined as age increased , with the drop - off sharpening around the mid-fifties .
Worry remained flat until the late forties , when it began a slow decline .
Researchers floated the possibility that the graph turns were related to children — in particular , a finally empty nest can contribute to the decline in stress .
Anger plateaued for those in their thirties , but declined with age .
Sadness was the flattest of the graphs ( sadness and happiness were not dependent on each other in this study ) .
Participants indicated a small increase in sadness from mid-thirties to early fifties before becoming happy again .
Interestingly , women overall exhibited a greater sense of well - being than men , despite reporting the same amount of happiness and less enjoyment .
While the two groups did n't always report the same levels of a variable , their peaks and valleys tracked each other over time .
Overall , researchers found that people from their mid-sixties and older rated their lives as being just as good as those in the youngest age bracket , 18 - 21 , and those positive ratings increased with age .
They note it 's possible to attribute this rise to many factors , from " increasing wisdom " to the " positivity effect , " wherein old people recall fewer negative memories than positive ones .
Still , the general U - shape of well - being is something to look forward to , or dread , depending on which part of it you 're in .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1003744107 ( About DOIs ) .
Zero Hedge has long discussed the strange phenomenon whereby Goldman recommends a trade only to unwind it shortly , after institutional clients who have been naive enough to follow it , end up losing millions , sometimes in a period as short as a few days .
The observation there being that the only way Goldman scores something like a perfect 63 out of 63 quarter is by literally raping its clients , along the lines of what Goldman is currently facing civil and criminal probes for allegedly doing in the CDO space .
And while our rant has been public for quite some time , yesterday was the first time the Bloomberg also decided to join the fray .
Presenting exhibit A : Goldman 's recommended top trades for 2010
It may come as no surprise to you that had you followed these 9 trading recommendations , you would have made money on precisely two of them .
And here do n't even discuss the well documented flipflopping in the FX department 's EURUSD recommendations , in which the firm changed its view on the euro three times in the span of a month , being stopped out every single time !
Here is Bloomberg 's commentary on this :
Seven of the investment bank ’s nine “ recommended top trades for 2010 ” have been money losers for investors who adopted the New York - based firm ’s advice , according to data compiled by Bloomberg from a Goldman Sachs research note sent yesterday .
Clients who used the tips lost 14 percent buying the Polish zloty versus the Japanese yen , 9.4 percent buying Chinese stocks in Hong Kong and 9.8 percent trading the British pound against the New Zealand dollar .
Goldman Sachs analysts made eight trade recommendations for this year in December , including telling clients to buy the British pound against the New Zealand dollar .
On April 1 , Goldman Sachs added a ninth “ top ” trade , telling clients to buy Chinese stocks listed in Hong Kong and predicting the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index would rise 19 percent to 15,000 .
Since then , the gauge has slid 9.4 percent to 11,426.18 .
The Shanghai Composite index has entered a bear market , losing about 21 percent this year .
That ’s the third biggest decline in the world after Greece and Cyprus .
The decline accelerated this month on concern Greece , Spain and Portugal will struggle to finance their budget deficits and dismantle the euro .
The Chinese stock recommendation was made by a group led by Dominic Wilson , a senior Goldman Sachs economist in New York .
Wilson cited inexpensive valuations and “ robust ” economic growth .
He also said investors have already factored in the risk of higher interest rates in China .
Wilson was n’t available to comment because he was out of the office traveling , according to an e-mail .
Of course , Goldman 's losses are its clients ' gains , and more significantly , vice versa :
Goldman Sachs makes more money from trading than any other Wall Street firm .
In the first quarter , the bank ’s $ 7.39 billion in revenue from trading fixed - income , currencies and commodities dwarfed the $ 5.52 billion made by its closest rival , Charlotte , North Carolina - based Bank of America Corp .
In equities , Goldman Sachs ’s $ 2.35 billion in revenue was about 50 percent higher than its nearest competitor .
And this is a firm that is now trying to convince pension funds to put more money in the firm , when instead it should be convincing Christine Varney it is not the biggest market monopolist since Standard Oil and Ma Bell .
Editor 's note : Lt. Gen. Russel Honoré commanded the military response to Hurricane Katrina .
He retired from the U.S. Army in 2008 after 37 years , sits on the board of the Louisiana Disaster Recovery Foundation and is an adjunct professor at Emory and Vanderbilt universities .
He is the author of " Survival : How a Culture of Preparedness Can Save America and You from Disasters . "
( CNN ) --
It 's interesting how many people have swallowed the BP public relations ' bait to call the explosion from Deepwater Horizon oil rig the Gulf oil spill .
We need to call it what it is : the BP oil spill .
The federal government needs to take control and take punitive action against BP and any negligent government regulators immediately .
As a concerned citizen , preparedness speaker and author , and former commander of federal troops in disaster response , I watched with interest as BP brought out its big PR guns to protect its brand and its platoon of expert engineers , paid by BP to talk about how it happened and how they intended to fix it .
BP 's reaction was much like Toyota 's when it was confronted with safety issues .
It , too , focused on PR to protect its brand , versus telling the truth , and sent out its engineers to talk about the problem and the fix .
The U.S. Coast Guard was the first responder .
The Coast Guard 's priority always is to save lives .
They spent days looking for the 11 missing men .
Meanwhile , BP took advantage of this time to make itself the authoritative voice in the news about the spill and blame other companies .
The U.S. government response was based on laws and rules that were created after the Exxon Valdez oil spill .
After Valdez , the law changed to make the offending company responsible for the cleanup .
A fund was created that all oil companies contributed to .
If there was an emergency oil spill , a company could draw up to $ 75 million from this fund to fix the problem .
But the fund was meant to help small wildcat operations , not huge conglomerates like BP .
Sticking to that regulation was part of the problem .
The No. 1 rule when dealing with disaster is to figure out which rules you need to break .
Rules are designed for when everything is working .
A democracy is based on trust .
BP has proved it can't be trusted .
i Reporters share views on oil spill response
The government needs to change the game and make this a punitive effort .
The government has been too friendly to oil companies .
The government should immediately freeze BP 's assets and start to charge the corporation -- say $ 100 million -- each day the oil flows .
The money could be held in a fund that U.S. government draws on to take care of the people along the Gulf Coast and pay the states for doing the cleanup .
Next , BP and the government bureaucrats who broke a law and put the public at risk need to go to jail .
I remember when we were evacuating New Orleans on Saturday following Katrina .
We pushed the survivors to the airport and a major called and said the pilots refused to fly the plane without a manifest and there was trouble with weapons scanners .
I told him to direct everyone to put the people on the planes as fast as possible , and we would to do the manifest en route or on landing .
As a result , we flew 16,000 people out of NOLA airport in less than seven hours .
The priorities of the response to the spill must be to stop the flow of oil , prevent the oil from getting into the shoreline as much as possible , mitigate the effects of the oil in the ocean , and take care of the people who have lost their source of employment , such as fishermen and those in the tourist industry .
BP 's job is to focus on stopping the flow of oil .
The government needs to provide more military " command and control " of the situation .
As BP works to stop the gusher , the government must address the problem of the oil coming ashore and take care of the people affected , possibly retraining them in other jobs .
The government could do this by using the Stafford Act to fund the states so they can protect their shoreline and clean up the oil .
Then , the long - term effects of the spill must be mitigated .
The people of the Gulf Coast , particularly South Louisiana , are still recovering from Katrina .
They 've been through hurricanes Rita , Gustav and Ike .
They know hurricane season is right around the corner and this BP oil spill has the potential to get much worse .
And they do n't trust BP .
In fact , the latest curse going around in southern Louisiana today is , " BP you . "
Punitive action must start immediately , with BP supplying the money , from fines , to help the Gulf Coast get over this catastrophe .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Russel Honoré .
I ’m going to stick with Dungeons and Dragons ( 3.5 and the Pathfinder spinoff , not 4e ) , mostly because this is the only rpg I ’ve played where splatbooks came into play often .
For those who have n’t heard the term splatbook ( it ’s pretty common , but apparently not quite as prevalent as I thought ) , I ’m talking about any book that is n’t part of the three core rulebooks .
I ’m sure some parts of this will relate well to other games , but I know some parts really wo n’t either .
So take that as you will .
There seems to be a prevalent idea that if you can find a rule , class , variant , feat , or anything else in a splatbook , you can use it in a campaign being run by another GM .
Usually brought up by the dark side of rules lawyers , this entitlement almost always comes from people who believe it ’s their right to break the power curve of any campaign they play in .
Sometimes , it also comes from players who just want to be cool , but these players are usually much easier to work with and can be very easily negotiated with to hit their concept while giving them a good amount of power but not breaking the entire campaign world .
There are many problems with this train of thought though .
The first is that I , the GM , do n’t always have access to the splatbook while planning a campaign .
Many GMs tailor challenges for the PCs , not because they demand a particular solution , but to make sure they know of a solution that can be used while still keeping the game challenging .
This is usually my approach , though I also throw in some arbitrarily powerful npcs intended for the endgame .
Usually , if a PC comes up with an unusual solution , it ’s good fun , but if a PC has an obscure power that solves everything that ’s been planned for , it gets boring fast .
I ca n’t plan for this when I do n’t have the splatbook while making campaign plans , and most people only bring the splats to a session , they do n’t leave them with the GM .
Being willing to let your GM review the splatbook and hold onto it might help with this , but it ’s still only a first step .
Something else I consider when allowing various rules from splats into play is the power level .
I also do n’t allow splats themselves , but rather approve every item from a splat on an individual basis , whether it be a class , feat , spell , or anything else .
I try to use a core spellcaster as the top power level of any campaign I run .
So , if you ’re playing spellcaster , I ’m far less likely to allow things from splats than I am for the melee classes that need some help catching up in versatility .
That does n’t mean spellcasters can’t have nice things though .
There are plenty of noncore things that are cool , and even seem powerful , but really are n’t , and these can come into play easily .
Divine metamagic and persist spell comes to mind as something that will never see the light of day in a campaign I run .
Makes the cleric way more powerful than it already is , and it ’s already one of the most powerful classes in the game .
On the other hand , scintillating sphere is just a lightning based fireball , and easily allowable .
Sure , it might up the power a little , but it does n’t do so in any appreciable way .
Everything is looked at case by case , and a judgment call is made .
Whenever I allow something from a splat , I always make sure a player knows that if it turns out that it can be abused in a way that makes them too powerful ( i.e. more powerful than a core spellcaster ) , I reserve the right to ask them to rebuild , though I will do what I can to help them keep the feel of their character .
The thing about allowing any and all splatbooks is that new rules often combine in weird ways to allow really crazy things to happen .
Consider the orb of energy reduced metamagic or ubercharger builds that can deal 10,000 + damage a hit .
Pre-epic .
No , you ca n’t do that in my game .
One - shotting everything is n’t an rpg , it ’s an action game .
Even death spells allow a saving throw , and those are limited by castings per day .
Low level death spells allow two saving throws , or a touch attack and a save .
Death spells also have options that allow you to become immune to them So , seeing how this can happen , it ’s always best to check the rules you allow into the game , instead of just saying anything goes .
Now , reading this , you might think I ’m a horrible person who does n’t want my players to have fun .
This is actually not the case .
First , there ’s lots of fun to be had playing by the core rules .
Second , I actually do end up allowing a lot of things from splats into my campaigns .
It ’s just up to my players to go over what they would like to do with me and let me review it so I know they wo n’t be doing something that does n’t fit with the world ( though in 99 % of cases the world can be adapted ) , and more importantly so I can see it wo n’t break the game .
I ’ve had players happily playing Crusaders from the Book of Nine Swords , Dwarven Paragon Legendary Leader Mystic Fighters ( only one of those classes is core ) , and Spellfire Wielders from the Forgotten Realms , among others .
The point of all this is you should make sure your players know that you ’ll be reviewing anything they bring in from outside core .
This is so you have an idea of what ’s coming into your games and can make the game more fun for everyone , as well as make sure nothing obscenely powerful comes in to break your game .
D&D balance will never be perfect , or even all that good , but you can make sure it does n’t become worse .
In essence , treat all splatbook ideas as potential house rules , and then allow the good ones into your games as desired by you and your players .
It makes the experience a lot better for everyone involved .
Stefano Domenicali , Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa have helped unveil the Formula Rossa roller coaster at the Catalunya Circuit during the Formula One Spanish grand prix .
Designed to simulate the F1 driving experience , the Formula Rossa is the world 's fastest roller coaster with a top speed of 240 km/h ( 149 mph ) .
Able to carry 16 passengers ( on four cars ) , the roller coaster accelerates from 0 - 100 km/h in 2.0 seconds and climbs to a maximum height of 52 meters ( 171 feet ) .
The 2.07 km ( 1.29 miles ) long course also features a series of " sharp turns and sudden drops " which generate 1.7 Gs .
According to Claus Frimand , General Manager of Ferrari World Abu Dhabi , the roller coaster 's goal is " to bring the sensation ( to people ) of what a Formula One driver is experiencing .
The incredible speed you 'll be taken to , you 'll be flying through the landscape .
Starting in an air conditioned environment , shot outside the building , running around and coming back inside the building again . "
As you may recall , Ferrari World Abu Dhabi will open on October 28 , 2010 .
It features more than 20 attractions including the GT roller coaster , the G - force experience ( which takes " passengers on an adrenaline - pumping ride up over 62 m , through the roof and back down again " ) , and the Flume ride ( which explores " the heart of a Ferrari 599 engine " ) .
Elección de los expertos en viajes
Elección de los expertos en viajes
Todos los hoteles París
La primera red local de viajes que ofrece las mejores tarifas y disponibilidad de alojamientos seleccionados
Four weeks ago , how many of you knew that BP was the largest oil and gas producer in the United States – larger than ExxonMobil ?
Put up your hands .
Nobody ?
I did n’t either .
How many of you had seen BP ’s green advertisements – “ beyond petroleum ” , wind turbines turning lazily in a summer breeze – sort of a corporate equivalent of gambolling in a meadow in slow motion ?
All of you ?
Thought so .
Recent events have obviously placed BP into the public eye – with questions now being asked about their green lobbying .
What has this to do with Climategate inquiries ?
David Eyton , BP Group Vice President , Research & Technology , is a member of the Muir Russell panel .
Only one submission ( mine ) criticized his presence on the Muir Russell panel .
There was total radio silence from climate scientists .
Why was this perpetually outraged community so silent ?
More on this later .
Eyton ’s bio is particularly interesting in the present circumstances .
David joined BP in 1982 from Cambridge University with an Engineering degree .
During his early career , he held a number of Petroleum Engineering , Commercial and Business Management positions .
In 1996 , he was named General Manager of BP ’s North West Shelf interest in Australia .
David later managed Wytch Farm in the UK and then BP ’s Gas Businesses in Trinidad .
In September 2001 , he became Lord John Browne ’s Executive Assistant in the company ’s London headquarters .
Following that assignment , David was Vice President of Deepwater Developments in the Gulf of Mexico and prior to his current role was BP ’s Exploration and Production Group Vice President for Technology .
That ’s right — Vice President , Deepwater Developments Gulf of Mexico .
BP ’s Deepwater Gulf of Mexico operations are what make it the largest oil producer in the United States .
A big and important job , to say the least .
So what ’s our David doing making little analyses of CRU emails for the Muir Russell inquiry ?
See minutes here .
Definitely a dig -here .
It ’s interesting to re-examine Eyton ’s prior publications both in the context of the BP well blow out and the Muir Rusell inquiry .
In 2005 , Eyton published The journey to deepwater operatorship , which I ’ve placed online here .
Eyton ’s reflections show a clear awareness of the new and difficult technical problems of operating in the deep and ultra - deep :
Deepwater GoM may be one of the most prolific new basins in the world , but it is still a frontier province . …
And in addition , we have to cope with extreme natural environments , the “ ultra - deep ” in terms of both reservoir and water depths , complex seabed geotechnics and severe metocean conditions in the form of both loop currents and hurricanes .
These are new challenges for the industry , and challenges which are being addressed at an ever - increasing pace .
We find ourselves designing floating systems for 10 000 ft of water depth before the lessons of working in 6000 ft have been fully identified .
And these new challenges are not just depth - related .
Failure mechanisms , such as fatigue , driven by vortex - induced vibration ( VIV ) and vessel motion , are time - dependent and may take years to become apparent .
The same is true of equipment reliability .
We know the premium associated with hardware reliability is high , but at this stage , operators still have a limited failure database for forecasting the required levels of intervention in ever - deeper and more remote environments .
Eyton counselled :
In particular , be rigorous in front end loading , and very clear about the scale and nature of the “ size of the step ” you are seeking to take .
Recognize that what may initially appear to be an incremental change can often turn out to be much more profound .
Develop multiple contingency plans .
And be prepared to work closely with suppliers to drive up reliability and reduce risk .
Eyton ’s presentation is noted in a near - contemporary July 2005 conference .
The paragraph immediately following Eyton ’s presentation described a 1628 design failure arising from the left hand not reconciling with the right hand :
The Swedish warship Vasa , with a fast keel and the finest guns , suffered from design changes that caused the ship to sink within 1 nautical mile of the start of her maiden voyage in 1628 .
Last - minute design modifications ordered by the king without consulting expert partners caused the costly vessel to go under .
Panel Moderator Sandeep Khurana , Senior Specialist with J.P. Kenny Inc. , invited operators and contractors to examine oil and gas industry collaboration through lenses of the same color .
Deepwater fields are becoming more complex and challenging , and average field size is falling slightly , so there is a real need for innovation in contracting to bring projects through to success .
“ Investments are high and failure is not an option , so how do we collaborate ? ” asked Khurana .
“ Is a commercial arrangement the path to perfect collaboration ?
Are there inherent conflicts in the way we perceive our roles and rewards ?
How do operator / contractor objectives mesh ? ”
Questions that seem timely when BP , Transocean and Haliburton try to blame the other .
The author of this analogy , Don Vardeman ,
Kerr -McGee Vice President Marine Engineering , pointed out that the same barriers to collaboration on large project developments exist today as they did in 1628 , listed these impediments to successful collaboration :
• Imitation rather than real understanding of ideas .
• Goal confusion .
• Obsession with speed .
• Failure to incorporate test feedback .
• Communication barriers .
• Poor organizational memory or knowledge transfer .
• Meddling by top management .
In 2008 , as noted above , Eyton was appointed Group Vice President , Research & Technology .
He attended the first meeting of the Muir Russell inquiry on Feb 4 , 2010 .
A few days later ( Feb 9 , 2010 ) , he attended the Carbon Mitigation Initiative Ninth Annual Meeting Conference at Princeton – a BP sponsored program – where he presented the BP Review of 2009 .
Michael Oppenheimer , who appeared opposite me in my CNN appearance on Campbell Brown , is shown as a key figure in the Initiative .
A variety of BP executives attended the conference ; also in attendance were Daniel Schrag , Director of the Center for the Environment , Harvard University , Steven Hamburg , Chief Scientist , Environmental Defense Fund and a number of other notables .
Due to this prior commitment , Eyton missed the press conference unveiling the Muir Russell inquiry on Feb 11 .
His attendance at the Muir Russell meeting of Feb 25 is noted , together with the item that UEA had not received money from BP in recent years ( though they had contributed generously to Geoffrey Boulton ’s Royal Society of Edinburgh , which was conducting the inquiry ) .
At the March 20 meeting , Eyton was said to have presented an analysis of emails – to be published on completion – I do n’t know how someone with as big a job as Eyton would be able to do the sort of thorough job of analyzing the emails that he would expect of an engineer for a BP offshore exploration rig .
Eyton attended the April 1 Muir Russell telecon meeting , at which a David Walker materializes as a staffer for the first time ( joining Mike Granatt of Luther Pendragon communications and William Hardie of Roy Soc Ediburgh ) .
On April 19 , Eyton was scheduled to deliver a speech in Stanford on governance but was grounded by the Iceland ash .
The speech is online here .
Eyton ’s speech on governance distilled some important lessons from BP ’s operations that Muir Russell ( and Eyton ) have flouted in their conduct of the Muir Russell inquiry .
Eyton discussed the problems of resolving disputes in a community concluding that : unless citizens feel some kind of ownership in the project , you are not going to be successful .
In some instances , the challenges are so great that we form independent advisory committees , also known as ‘ blue ribbon ’ panels .
For example , in Azerbaijan , we had to build a pipeline from Baku to Tbilisi through Georgia and Turkey at a time when there were quite a few tensions there .
We listened to and learned from a wide range of international , national and local stakeholders .
The independent panel , under Jan Leschly ’s chairmanship , advised us on the things that might not naturally occur to us , including the effects on the local community and political , economic and social conditions .
We also sought advice from scientists who had a thorough understanding of that country ’s geology .
Today the pipeline is carrying one million barrels per day to the Mediterranean .
The same thing happened in West Papua , where we had to move a village in order to be able to build the plant .
That is an extremely difficult thing to do well .
This time , the independent panel was chaired by former US Senator George Mitchell and included local community leaders .
All parties worked together not just to move part of the village , but to rebuild it better .
The project is operational today , and the local residents seem happy with the results .
The lesson is : unless citizens feel some kind of ownership in the project , you are not going to be successful .
Unless citizens feel some kind of ownership ….
Despite these wise words about governance , the Muir Russell has done exactly the opposite .
Despite Muir Russell ’s undertaking to exclude panelists with ties to the university or to the climate science debate , Geoffrey Boulton was appointed .
Graham Stringer pointed out the panel ’s lack of balance , but Muir Russell repudiated the point .
Stringer observed : “ I think you might find more credibility to your report if you have reputable scientists from both sides .
It is a political issue really . ”
Stringer ’s point here is the same point that Eyton had previously made – but ignored in his capacity as a Muir Russell panelist .
The lack of representation is made worse by the failure of the Muir Russell inquiry ( or other inquiries ) to make the slightest effort to talk to key critics and Climategate targets .
The Oxburgh “ inquiry ” was even worse – breaking every governance rule described in Eyton ’s speech .
Given that Eyton is BP Group Vice President for Research & Technology – especially one with prior direct experience in the Gulf of Mexico Deepwater , one would expect Eyton to be visible in the present controversy .
But I ’ve only seen one mention so far , Platt ’s reporting a May 17 statement by Eyton to a conference in Australia .
( I guess Eyton was taking a break from analyzing CRU emails . )
In my February submission , I had opposed Eyton ’s membership on this panel precisely because of his oil company connections .
Now I ’m rather looking forward to seeing BP ’s position on using a “ trick … to hide the decline ” .
If similar language crops in BP ’s correspondence about the Gulf of Mexico deepwater , I doubt whether US regulators would be quite as blase as climate scientists .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The White House on Monday backed a proposal that would put the United States on a path toward repeal of the ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military .
President Barack Obama walks to his lectern to make a statement on Wall Street reform in the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington in this May 20 , 2010 file photo .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
The proposal , which was the subject of talks involving the White House , Pentagon , Congress and gay rights groups , would allow Congress to repeal the Clinton - era policy called “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” but it would remain in place until the Pentagon finishes a study of the issue in December .
The talks were held as the House of Representatives is expected to vote later this week on a Defense Department spending bill that is likely to include an amendment to repeal the policy , with conditions .
The policy , instituted in 1993 , was a compromise between those who wanted gays to be able to serve openly in the military and those who wanted an absolute ban on homosexuals .
A gay rights group , Human Rights Campaign , hailed the agreement as a breakthrough that would allow the removal of a “ stain ” in the country ’s laws .
The Obama administration endorsed the proposed amendment on Monday in a letter to congressional leaders from Office of Management and Budget Director Peter Orszag .
Completion of the repeal would require certification from President Barack Obama , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , that the new law would not have a negative impact on readiness , unit cohesion , recruitment and troop retention .
While Mullen has supported a repeal , several prominent officers have questioned lifting the ban at a time when the U.S. military is stretched by wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Orszag wrote to three members of Congress involved in the talks that the administration “ is of the view that the proposed amendment meets the concerns raised by the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . ”
The three members were Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , a Democrat , Senator Joe Lieberman , an independent , and Representative Patrick Murphy , a Democrat .
Obama called for the repeal of “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” in his State of the Union speech in January and gay rights advocates who supported his 2008 presidential campaign have demanded that he follow through on his pledge .
“ Today ’s announcement paves the path to fulfill the president ’s call to end ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ this year and puts us one step closer to removing this stain from the laws of our nation , ” said Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese .
Beej 's Guide to C Programming
( Click here for other guides ! )
Hello , comp.lang .c freaks !
Please keep in mind this is an alpha-quality document .
If you have corrections , I 'd love to hear them , but understand that even I might not have read that part of the guide yet .
There are glaring errors !
Additionally , I might not know what I 'm talking about when it comes to something !
So e-mail me !
What 's Here for Readers :
PDF :
What 's Here for Translators and Writers :
Clone the whole thing from GitHub and follow the README .
Contact Beej :
I ’m going to take a cue from Ken and approach the horse …
Angela and I are in the middle of doing a ton of paperwork and planning for our impending move to Portland .
One of the things we ’re currently shuffling is figuring out what we ’re going to take with us and what we ’re going to get rid of .
Few things make you more present about how much stuff you have until you start thinking about moving it across the country .
We ’re using a service that allows us to pack our stuff into a container and they ’ll deliver it when we ’re ready , but we ’re being charged per every additional foot we ’re using in the container .
It ’s fascinating , really : when presented with the option of having to pay to keep it – because keeping it means we ’ll have to pay to transport it – we ’re reexamining how much value we ’re getting out of stuff that we ’d normally keep out of inertia .
In just one day , we ’ve decided to sell a bed , a couch and loveseat , patio furniture , exercise equipment , and a few other smaller items that were n’t doing anything but collecting dust .
Apparently , it ’s fine for it to collect dust , but we ’ll be damned if we ’ll pay for it to collect dust .
It ’s gotta go .
The fascinating bit is that we ’ve been paying for this stuff to collect dust all along , but we have n’t thought of it that way .
We ’ve moved it , cleaned it , stumbled over it , set it up , broken it down , thought about where to put it , stored it , and so on .
Only upon having to pay for it have we reassessed that we do n’t want it in the first place .
What ’s true of this physical stuff is true of a lot of other Stuff .
Because we ’ve become comfortable with certain beliefs and perspectives , we lug them around with us .
We have Money Stuck , so we hide from looking at the numbers , and we do n’t change it until the costs of lugging the Money Stuck around becomes too great to bear .
We have fears of rejection , so we build comfortable walls around ourselves until those wall uncomfortably strain our growth and then we decide to let those fears go .
I could go on , but these are just canoes that we need to leave behind .
So , taking a holistic view of your life right now , what would you keep if you had to pay to keep it ?
You do n’t have to be moving across the country to let it go .
You take a capable , well - trained soldier with an iron will , and put him in desperate circumstances with equally desperate captors in a POW camp .
The prisoner wants out at all costs .
The captors want to hold him at all costs .
5 Three Men and a Pommel Horse
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Capture :
One of the most absurdly complex and overall ludicrous prison escape attempts in history is thanks to a pair of British pilots named Oliver Philpot and Eric Williams , who wound up in a Nazi prison camp along with another British soldier named Richard Codner .
Philpot and Williams had been shot down during a bombing run , but it is n't exactly clear how Codner wound up there .
Though , from listening to the guy , it is quite possible he voluntarily entered the prison just to see if he could break out .
In his own words , " I enjoyed myself when we were escaping .
We were really living then .
I think it 's only when you 're being hunted that you really live ...
I liked being hunted ... "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Escape :
It was n't the guards , guard dogs , or barbwire fences at Stalag Luft III that were the biggest problem inmates faced : it was the dirt .
On top was dusty grey , but not far underneath was sandy yellow .
Any yellow dirt that turned up in the prison meant a tunnel was being dug .
Tunnels , like the three used in the Great Escape were being dug all the time , but most of these were discovered because of the amount of time and yellow dirt required to dig from one of the prison buildings .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
There had to be a way around it .
Together , the three men built a really big pommel horse ( the rail with a pair of handles , like gymnasts use ) , capable of holding up to three men uncomfortably inside .
Then they convinced the guards that they , and many other inmates , just loved the hell out of gymnastics .
To make it convincing , they practiced for hours each day , despite the fact their rations , while adequate , were n't exactly chalk full of protein .
The men took turns hiding inside the horse ; inmates carried it in and out to the yard , placing it in the same spot by the fence every day ( Closer to fence = less dirt ) .
From inside , a digger took the top layer of grey dust and placed it in a box .
Bowls were used for shovels .
So as not to leave a gaping hole in the yard , a board was placed over the hole and covered with the grey dust from the box .
Guards walked right over it , and did n't notice .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The yellow dirt , meanwhile , was brought inside the prison with the digger , where it was disposed of in gardens , rooftops , and the toilet , Shawshank - style .
The noise from digging , which would be picked up by microphones placed along the fence line , was attributed to the gymnasts leaping around the yard .
John Travolta owns a home on Islesboro off the coast of Maine
Two pet dogs owned by US actor John Travolta have reportedly been killed in an accident at an airport in Maine .
A service vehicle at Bangor International Airport struck the dogs , according to the Bangor Daily News .
The pets were reportedly being walked after getting off an aeroplane carrying members of Travolta 's family .
The newspaper said an e-mail to city councillors confirmed the accident .
It said the airport was now investigating the incident .
Family tragedy
Last year , Travolta 's 16 - year - old son Jett died from a seizure disorder while the family were on holiday in the Bahamas .
Two people are due to stand trial in September accused of blackmailing Travolta over details of his son's death .
The case originally went to trial last year but the judge declared a mistrial because of jury misconduct .
Travolta had already given evidence on how he tried to save Jett 's life .
Since his son's death , the actor has only made rare public appearances - although he flew his private jet to Haiti after January 's devastating earthquake to aid the relief effort .
His most recent film was thriller From Paris With Love , which hit UK cinemas in February .
Just how hard is it to climb Everest ?
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
The youngest British female to conquer Everest had barely set foot on a mountain before , claim the papers .
Is it really that easy to skip to the summit ?
Aged 22 , Bonita Norris is the youngest British woman to scale Mt Everest .
Her party reached the 8,848 m peak on 17 May - the middle of climbing season on the world 's highest mountain .
Much has been made of the glamorous graduate 's snap decision to scale the famous summit after attending a lecture at the Royal Geographical Society .
Less dwelled upon is the two years of gruelling training ( and fundraising - a trip up Everest can cost up to £ 48,000 ) Ms Norris undertook before the challenge .
THE ANSWER Prospective climbers need to be fit and have climbed other high peaks in preparation Must acclimatise to altitude and understand conditions on mountain 300 people have died on Everest since 1953 , says Nepal Mountaineering Association
Mountaineers set Everest records
In addition to an intense schedule of trail running , cycling and weight training , she scaled various peaks in preparation , including Snowdon in the UK and Nepal 's Manaslu , the world 's eighth highest mountain .
It 's quite a commitment , to say the least .
Is it possible to climb Everest by cutting a few training corners ?
No , says Simon Lowe , mountaineer and managing director of Jagged Globe , a company specialising in mountain treks .
A minimum of 18 months to two years of training is a " feasible " amount of time to spend in preparation for the climb , he says .
" No chance would I take a novice within a year and put them on Everest . "
The first step for an absolute beginner is to get the hang of walking with ice axes in hand and crampons on boots - sharp spikes which ease the perils of walking on ice .
Mountaineering instructor Rob Johnson says even that can take a while .
" They 're not heavy , but it 's a coordination thing . "
Feeling for snow Another essential skill to master is learning to acclimatise to altitude ( slowly , is the short answer ) , and how to recognise which weather conditions and types of snow are the most conducive to avalanches .
Porters on Khumbu Glacier
Then there 's the treacherous Khumbu ice flow to consider - huge blocks of moving ice joined by precarious bridges of snow and separated by deep crevasses .
Seracs - lumps of ice overhanging from taller glaciers - are another danger , especially if the weather is mild as these will thaw and break off .
In such extreme terrain , the assistance of the Sherpas , local people who make their living accompanying expeditions up and down the mountain , is invaluable .
Mr Lowe will only organise Everest expeditions for people who have already scaled an 8,000 m peak elsewhere .
One patient beginner currently under his tutelage has followed a tough regime of climbing and mountaineering courses , followed by alpine climbing , where conditions are similar , if on a smaller scale .
He has had trial climbs on UK peaks , on Mont Banc and in Ecuador , and is currently on a high camp on North America 's tallest mountain , Mt McKinley .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines " I put most people off , " Mr Lowe admits .
" I can only think of three or four people over the last 10 years who have started out on the quest from scratch . "
It is fear rather than physical stress that tends to put people off .
" You need to be mentally very tough , very confident , and that tends to be brought about by previous experience .
No one can make climbers immune to the worst ravages of the Himalayas . "
Despite the most thorough preparation , if the weather is bad or a member of your team gets into difficulty , you can kiss goodbye to that euphoric mountain - top moment .
Mr Lowe himself has been on four expeditions to Everest but never actually reached the summit .
I put most people off - I can only think of three or four people over the last 10 years who have started out on the quest from scratch
Simon Lowe , Jagged Globe Keen climber Stephen Venables reached the top of the " unavoidable and irresistible " peak - in 1988 - but feels no desire to return .
" Once was quite enough , " he says .
" There are too many other more interesting mountains to climb . "
He still climbs , and has a relaxed approach to formal training as his feel for mountains has been built up over many years .
" The only regime I followed [ before tackling Everest ] was to go on 10 Himalayan expeditions over 10 years .
I spent a lot of time climbing mountains . "
Mr Venables famously completed the ascent without the assistance of bottled oxygen , which many climbers say is essential at high altitude where the air is thin .
" A big oxygen cylinder belongs on a fighter pilot , not a mountaineer , " he says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The musings of a doughy , middle - aged guy .
Why should you care ?
Advertisement :
OCAU News Motherboard Blues Window
A little while ago I mentioned I 'd donated some motherboards to a mate for use in an artwork .
Dan has finished the artwork now and sent along some photos for us to check out .
As you can probably guess he's a stonemason by trade and he's used the different coloured motherboards to make a stained - glass effect in a sandstone tracery window .
The windows themselves have a " good vs evil blues " theme :
click images to enlarge !
Update : A few people have asked for more info about Dan , so his website ( showing his " day job " work ) is here .
Return to OCAU 's News Page Advertisement :
All original content copyright James Rolfe .
All rights reserved .
No reproduction allowed without written permission .
Advertisement :
finished reading Judges 8 , Judges 9 in Chronological Bible Reading Plan :
Then the men of Ephraim said to him , " What is this that you have done to us , not to call us when you went to fight against Midian ? "
And they accused him fiercely ....
Figure - ground diagramming is an interesting and useful tool for analyzing spatial relationships in urban environments .
It also provides a striking comparison of density and land use of older urban development compared to more contemporary suburban development .
In older , urban places buildings typically took up the majority of space on a city block so even when diagramming built structure as figure ( black ) and space without structure ( ground ) the graphic would essentially depict the street grid .
In more contemporary development however , auto - centricism has made for much more spread out buildings divorced from the street edge .
Instead of relating to the street and sidewalk ( if there even is one ) , these buildings related to their respective parking lots .
Figure - ground diagrams of these sorts of places are often difficult to discern where roads actually go , but are very telling at the amount of open space wasted on the temporary storage of cars .
The figure - ground diagram above is an example of one of these suburban places that lack order and urban spatiality .
They vast openness surrounding the buildings makes it hard to tell where roads go or even scale .
The variety of building orientation in this case makes it even more difficult to decipher .
In the image below , the roads are included , and we can begin to understand more about this space .
The diagram shown is of the Lindale Mall area in northeast Cedar Rapids , where First Avenue and Collins Road intersect .
First Avenue is the road running diagonally from the lower left - hand corner up to the top right .
I first decided to explore this area through figure - ground after noticing the actual corner of First Ave and Collins is very undefined .
In fact , hardly any of the buildings in the study area relate in orientation or proximity to the street at all .
In the image below I stitched together multiple bird ’s eye views from Bing Maps .
The predominance of pavement stands in stark contrast with the lush green , tree - laden land to the south .
The awkward angles at which big box stores were built , situated far from the street , combined with sloping terrain , makes for a very haphazard , almost disorienting , landscape .
Driving along First Avenue , the only thing definite is that you are constantly surrounded by parking lot .
Asphalt abuts the street the entire length , with only a few small outparcel structures even nominally close .
The area began developing in the 1960s , following the construction of Lindale Plaza , later enclosed as the indoor mall it is today .
Besides Lindale , most of the larger scale retail developments there today were only built in the last ten years or so , as older properties were redeveloped .
These recent redevelopment areas comprise a significant amount of the First Avenue corridor , and every single one disregards site context and has little relationship to the street .
How unfortunate since these will ultimately remain for at least the next few decades .
So why is this a problem ?
The chaotic development pattern makes finding particular businesses – especially while driving – more difficult , and is very inconvenient for pedestrians .
Even if the area had a complete sidewalk network , going from place to place would take much longer on foot than if buildings were closer to the road .
I also do n’t think massive parking lots make for a very attractive street environment .
Now I ’m not advocating no parking , but what if the placements of all these buildings were simply switched with their respective parking areas ?
If buildings were located by the street and parking placed in the rear , it would be more accessible and equitable to those arriving on foot , bike , or bus – while still serving car customers just as well .
With buildings all along the street , it would reduce the distance between places , making it easier for people to get to multiple stores and restaurants in the area on foot .
In the current setup , it ’s likely most people will get back in their cars just to drive over to the next store rather than walking .
Aesthetically , the street would be much more attractive with a well defined edge .
This would provide the area a stronger sense of place and urbanity , instead of the anonymous suburban scape that exists now .
Distance - wise , the mall and surrounding development is really quite close to a large residential area , just a few blocks down First Avenue , but right now there ’s not even a sidewalk from around 40th Street up until the mall , where then , there is only a partial sidewalk along the south side in front of Home Depot .
Even so , if a continuous sidewalk existed , psychologically the perceived distance from nearby homes would be quite long due to the spread out configuration of buildings .
Built - up density makes walking distances seem shorter , while vast open space – like parking lots – makes distances seem longer .
If newer buildings like Home Depot and Marketplace on First had been built up to the street , this area would already look and feel more dense and closer together .
With a more urban scale , nearby residents may find walking or catching the bus ( pending improved transit service ) to be more convenient than driving the five or six blocks to the mall .
Unfortunately the current setup encourages and almost necessitates driving .
I do n’t expect this area to ever drastically change , especially since many of these developments are relatively new , but I do hope that other new large and small scale commercial developments will be more respectful of the street and accommodate customers arriving by all different modes equally .
Urban design is not only about how the environment looks , but about how it is organized , oriented , scaled and proportioned .
Good urban design can have a profound impact on the accessibility , usability , and sustainability of new developments .
When last heard from , those behind a long - in - development , fan - made King 's Quest sequel were on the verge of an agreement with Activision allowing them to finally complete their project .
This afternoon , that news came .
The Silver Lining will finally be completed .
Advertisement
Phoenix Online , the collection of fan - developers who'd been working on The Silver Lining for upwards of a decade , will release the game on July 10 , for free , thanks to a non-commercial license from Activision .
In February , the publisher had shut down their development on the graphical adventure game IP , which transferred to Activision in the merger with Vivendi Universal .
Phoenix Online had an earlier non-commercial license from Vivendi to continue work , but Activision apparently wanted no part of overseeing or approving pro bono work on a game it had no intention of reviving .
Advertisement
An outpouring of support for Phoenix Online and , perhaps significantly , a lengthy feature by Stephen Totilo explaining the odyssey of this game apparently changed Activision 's mind .
In early May , the publisher said it had renewed discussions with Phoenix , " given the overwhelming community support for the Silver Lining project . "
This afternoon , the Silver Lining website returned with the announcement of a deal with Activision , and a release date of July 10 .
According to a statement on the site :
Our team is ecstatic about this , and as hard as we 've worked for 8 years , it 's the tireless belief and support of you , our fans , that has made this possible .
We want to give special thanks to the Save The Silver Lining team , who put together and ran an amazing and organized campaign , and rallied our fantastic fans to make a difference .
You made it possible once , and now we 've done what seemed impossible for a second time !
The support we received from all of you was amazing and honestly blew us away .
We always knew we had some of the best fans out there , but even so , wow !
We will always be grateful for your unending belief in us .
They 've released a trailer introducing us to The Silver Lining - their Vivendi agreement required them not to use King 's Quest so that may be the case here .
In this game : " players will assume the role of King Graham as he sets out on a quest to save his children , Rosella and Alexander , from a mysterious curse . "
The Silver Lining [ site ]
offers some stunning illustrations that depict just how dire the country 's financial situation is .
I 've modified the images a bit to indicate when the Democrats took over Congress ( and the nation 's wallet ) .
Click any of the images to see the full - sized graph at the Trib site .
If those charts do n't getcha , consider this : .
The interest alone on the debt is projected to be over $ 1 trillion -- and that 's if interest rates do n't go up significantly , which they will .
The only reason countries like Greece have n't yet imploded is the promise of a backstop by big brother , AKA the International Monetary Fund , AKA the U.S.
But when the U.S. hits these levels , there wo n't be anyone to backstop us .
Welcome to Caracas , my friends
Military officials and experts believe that if a North Korean torpedo was involved in the sinking of the South Korean Navy corvette Cheonan , it was probably launched from a 325 - ton Shark - class submarine .
The sub ranks between a full - blown submarine and a mini-sub in terms of size .
South Korean military intelligence are reportedly focusing on the fact that one or two Shark - class submarines from a submarine base in Cape Bipagot , South Hwanghae Province are unaccounted for during the time of the Cheonan 's sinking .
The Bipagot submarine base is around 80 km from Baeknyeong Island .
Shark - class submarines can travel at speeds of 13 km/h under water , so it would take them between six and seven hours to reach Baeknyeong Island .
Intelligence officers and experts believe the sub made the trip under water , since traveling on the surface of the water would have exposed it to South Korean and U.S. spy planes and surveillance satellites .
A drawback of the Shark - class diesel - powered submarines is that they need to surface regularly to recharge their batteries and ventilate , a process known as " snorkeling . "
During this process , the ventilation device can be detected by radar and other surveillance equipment .
" The snorkeling equipment is not big , so there is a slim chance that it was detected by South Korean radars while the sub was in North Korean waters , " said one source .
The military believes a North Korean sub could have approached by taking a detour through open seas left of Baeknyeong Island , instead of coming in straight between Hwanghae Province and Baeknyeong Island .
That is because the underwater currents are extremely fast in that area and it is closely monitored by South Korean forces .
There is also the possibility that a sub could have drifted into waters near Baeknyeong Island with its engines shut off .
" Between 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. on March 26 , the day the Cheonan sank , the currents flowed north to south and shifted direction from south to north after 9:40 p.m. , " said military expert Kim Byung - ki .
" There is the possibility that a North Korean sub was lying in wait and used the northerly current to return to North Korea after the attack . "
Once it infiltrated waters near Baeknyeong Island , it could have fired a torpedo around 1 km to 2 km away from the Cheonan in deeper waters .
And a mid-sized torpedo , weighing more than 200 kg rather than a small one weighing between 50 kg to 80 kg , is being cited as the probable weapon , judging from the huge damage the Cheonan suffered .
A lingering question is why the Cheonan 's radar system was unable to detect a torpedo attack , if that was i ndeed the cause of the sinking .
The Defense Ministry says the sonar aboard a South Korean warship like the Cheonan has a 70 - percent chance of detecting submarines or semi-submersibles around a 2 km radius .
But retired naval commanders say the chances are actually only 50 percent , so sonar officers could have been unaware of an approaching torpedo .
This is a list of entheogens – which , according to Wikipedia are : in the strictest sense , psychoactive substances used in a religious or shamanic context .
Plants and herbs have been used for many centuries in religious contexts due to their mind altering nature .
In recent times many have been taken up by the “ casual drug user ” as a cheap alternative to chemical based drugs .
If you have had any experiences with the following plants , be sure to tell us about it in the comments – we are always interested in hearing about our readers experiences in areas like this .
So , onward , the list :
10 ‘ Heavenly Blue ’ Morning Glory Ipomoea tricolor
Active Constituents : Ergoline alkaloids
This is a species of morning glory native to the New World tropics , and widely cultivated and naturalized elsewhere .
The seeds have been used for centuries by many Mexican Native American cultures as an hallucinogen ; they were known to the Aztecs as ‘ tlitliltzin ’ , the Nahuatl word for “ black ” .
Their traditional use by Mexican Native Americans was first discovered in 1941 , brought to light in a report documenting use going back to Aztec times .
It was reported in 1960 that the seeds of Ipomoea tricolor were used as sacraments by certain Zapotecs , sometimes in conjunction with the seeds of Rivea corymbosa , another species which has a similar chemical composition .
Hallucinations are the predominant effect after ingesting morning glory seeds .
Vivid visual and tactile hallucinations , as well as increased awareness of colors have been described .
9 Fly Agaric Mushrooms Amanita muscaria
Active Constituents : Ibotenic acid
The quintessential image of an hallucinogenic ‘ toadstool ’ , with it ’s red cap and white spots .
This fungus is native to birch , pine , spruce , fir and cedar woodlands throughout the temperate and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
These mushrooms were widely used as a hallucinogenic drug by many of the indigenous peoples of Siberia .
In western Siberia , the use of A. muscaria was restricted to shamans , who used it as an alternate method of achieving a trance state .
In the east , A. muscaria was used by both shamans and common people alike , recreationally as well as religiously .
Unlike the hallucinogenic mushrooms of the Psilocybe , Amanita muscaria has been rarely consumed recreationally in modern times .
Depending on habitat and the amount ingested per body weight , effects can range from nausea and twitching to drowsiness , auditory and visual distortions , mood changes , euphoria , relaxation , and loss of equilibrium .
Amnesia frequently results following recovery .
8 Jimson Weed , or Hell ’s Bells Datura stramonium
Active Constituents : Atropine , hyoscyamine and scopolamine
Native to either India or Central America , it was used as a mystical sacrament in both possible places of origin .
The Native Americans have used this plant in sacred ceremonies .
The sadhus of Hinduism also used it as a spiritual tool , smoked with cannabis in traditional pipes .
In the United States it is called Jimson Weed , Hell ’s Bells ( based on the flowers ’ shape ) or Jamestown Weed .
It got this name from the town of Jamestown , Virginia , where British soldiers were secretly ( or accidentally ) drugged with it , while attempting to suppress Bacon ’s Rebellion .
They spent several days generally appearing to have gone insane , and failed at their mission .
The effects have been described as a living dream : consciousness falls in and out , people who do n’t exist or are miles away are conversed with , etc , and the effects can last for days .
It may be described as a “ real ” trance when a user under the effect can be awake but completely disconnected from his immediate environment .
7 Wormwood Artemisia absinthium
Active Constituents : Thujone
Native to temperate regions of Europe , Asia and northern Africa , the religious association with this plant began with its strong association with the Ancient Greek moon goddess Artemis .
In Hellenistic culture , Artemis was a goddess of the hunt , and protector of the forest and children .
It is perhaps more famously known as the key ingredient in Absinthe , the favorite drink of 19th Century Bohemian artists .
The most commonly reported Absinthe experience is a ‘ clear - headed ’ feeling of inebriation — a form of ‘ lucid drunkenness ’ .
6 Kava Piper methysticum
Active Constituents : Kavalactones
An ancient crop of the western Pacific .
The word ‘ kava ’ is used to refer both to the plant and the beverage produced from it .
Kava is used for medicinal , religious , political , cultural and social purposes throughout the Pacific .
These cultures have a great respect for the plant and place a high importance on it .
The drink is used to this day at social gatherings to relax after work , though it has great religious significance , and is used to obtain inspiration .
The effects of the drink ( it is also occasionally chewed ) , in order of appearance , are slight tongue and lip numbing ; mildly talkative and sociable behavior , clear thinking , calming effects , relaxed muscles , and a very euphoric sense of well - being .
5 Salvia , or Diviner ’s Sage Salvia divinorum
Active Constituents : Diterpenoid known as “ Salvinorin A ”
Salvia divinorum is native to certain areas in the Sierra Mazateca of Oaxaca , Mexico , where it is still used by the Mazatec Indians , primarily to facilitate shamanic visions in the context of curing or divination .
Shamans crush the leaves to extract leaf juices ; they usually mix these juices with water to create an infusion or ‘ tea ’ which they drink to induce visions in ritual healing ceremonies .
Salvia can be chewed , smoked , or taken as a tincture to produce experiences ranging from uncontrollable laughter to much more intense and profoundly altered states .
The duration when smoked is much shorter than for some other more well - known psychedelics , and Salvia typically last for only a few minutes .
The most commonly reported after - effects include an increased feeling of insight and improved mood , and a sense of calmness and increased sense of connection with nature .
4 Magic Mushrooms Psilocybin mushrooms
Active Constituents : Psilocybin and psilocin
Psilocybin mushrooms have been part of human culture as far back as the earliest recorded history .
Ancient paintings of ‘ mushroomed ’ humanoids dating to 5,000 B.C. have been found in caves of Northern Algeria .
Central and Southern America cultures built temples to mushroom gods and carved “ mushroom stones ” , dated to as early as 1000 - 500 B.C. Psilocybian mushrooms were used in ritual and ceremony among the Aztecs , served with honey or chocolate at some of their holiest events .
The experience of ingestion is typically inwardly oriented , with strong visual and auditory components .
Visions and revelations may be experienced , and the effect can range from exhilarating to distressing .
3 Peyote Lophophora williamsii
Active Constituents : Phenethylamine alkaloids , principally Mescaline
From early records ( specimens from Texas have dated from 3780 to 3660 BC ) , peyote has been used by indigenous peoples , such as the Huichol of northern Mexico and by various Native American tribal groups , native to or relocated to the Southern Plains States of Oklahoma and Texas .
Peyote and its associated religion , however , are fairly recent in terms of usage and practice among tribes in the Southwestern United States ;
Their acquisition of the peyote religion and use of peyote can be firmly dated to the early 20th Century .
Typically consumed as a tea , the effects last about 10 to 12 hours .
When combined with appropriate setting , peyote is reported to trigger states of deep introspection and insight , described as being of a metaphysical or spiritual nature .
At times , these can be accompanied by rich visual or auditory effects .
2 Ayahuasca , or Yage
Active Constituents : Beta - carboline harmala alkaloids , MAOIs and DMT ( dimethyltryptamine )
Includes BOTH Ayahuasca Vine ( Banisteriopsis caapi ) & Chacruna Shrub ( Psychotria viridis ) .
The word “ Ayahuasca ” , translated to “ vine of the souls ” , refers to a medicinal and spiritual drink incorporating the above plants .
When brewed together , and consumed in a ceremonial setting , these plants are capable of producing profound mental , physical and spiritual effects .
Ayahuasca is mentioned in the writings of some of the earliest missionaries to South America .
It may be considered as a particular shamanic medicinal brew , or even as an entire medicinal tradition specific to the Amazonas .
The effects of the drink vary greatly based on the potency of the batch , and the setting of the ritual .
They generally include hallucinogenic visions , the exact nature of which seem unique to each user .
Vomiting can be an immediate side - effect , and is said to aid in “ purification ” .
1 Cannabis
Active Constituents : THC ( tetrahydrocannabinol )
The cannabis plant has an ancient history of ritual usage as a trance - inducing drug and is found in pharmacological cults around the world .
In India , it has been engaged by itinerant sadhus ( ascetics ) for centuries , and in modern times the Rastafari movement has embraced it .
Some historians and etymologists have claimed that cannabis was used as a religious sacrament by ancient Jews , early Christians , and Muslims of the Sufi order .
Elders of the modern religious movement known as the Ethiopian Zion Coptic Church consider cannabis to be the Eucharist , claiming it as an oral tradition from Ethiopia dating back to the time of Christ .
Cannabis plants produce a group of chemicals called cannabinoids which produce mental and physical effects when consumed .
As a drug it usually comes in the form of dried buds or flowers ( marijuana ) , resin ( hashish ) , or various extracts collectively known as hashish oil .
The psychoactive effects of cannabis , are subjective and can vary based on the individual .
Some effects may include a general change in consciousness ( altered perception ) , mild euphoria , feelings of well - being , relaxation or stress reduction , lethargy , joviality , enhanced recollection of episodic memory , increased sensuality , increased awareness of sensation , and occasionally paranoia , agitation or anxiety .
Contributor : B.C .
Overview
In this tutorial , learn to choose , install , and configure a boot manager for a Linux system .
Learn to :
Provide alternative boot locations and backup boot options
Install and configure a boot loader such as GRUB Legacy
Perform basic configuration changes for GRUB 2
Interact with the boot loader
Boot managers
A boot manager or boot loader is the intermediate piece of code that helps the hardware and firmware of your system load an operating system for you .
This tutorial discusses the PC boot process and the three main boot loaders that are used in Linux : GRUB , GRUB 2 , and LILO with MBR formatted disks .
The original GRUB , now called GRUB - Legacy , is no longer in active development and has largely been replaced by the newer GRUB 2 .
Even commercial distributions such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server switched to Grub 2 in 2014 .
Development of Lilo is scheduled to cease at the end of 2015 .
About this series
This series of tutorials helps you learn Linux system administration tasks .
You can also use the material in these tutorials to prepare for the Linux Professional Institute ’s LPIC - 1 : Linux Server Professional Certification exams .
See ” Learn Linux , 101 : A roadmap for LPIC - 1 ” for a description of and link to each tutorial in this series .
The roadmap is in progress .
This tutorial reflects the Version 5.0 objectives as updated on October 29 , 2018 .
As tutorials are completed , they will be added to the roadmap .
This tutorial helps you prepare for Objective 102.2 in Topic 102 of the Linux Server Professional ( LPIC - 1 ) exam 101 .
The objective has a weight of 2 . LILO is no longer required for LPIC - 1 .
It is included here so that you will know something about it .
This tutorial focuses on booting with a traditional BIOS and disks formatted with a Master Boot Record ( MBR ) .
It also covers some basic information on Extensible Unified Firmware Interface ( UEFI ) and its associated GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) and booting issues you might find with these , particularly if you need to boot both Windows ® 8 and Linux on a single system .
Prerequisites
To get the most from the tutorials in this series , you should have a basic knowledge of Linux and a working Linux system on which you can practice the commands covered .
You should also be familiar with hard drive layout as discussed in the tutorial “ Learn Linux 101 : Hard disk layout . ”
Sometimes different versions of a program will format output differently , so your results might not always look exactly like the listings and figures shown here .
Note :
The images in this tutorial are screen captures taken from early in the boot process .
If you are reading this tutorial using a screen reader , you might find it advantageous to have the corresponding configuration files available for reference ; download them from the Download section later in this tutorial .
Boot process overview
Before I get into specific boot loaders , let ’s review how a traditional PC starts or boots .
Code called BIOS ( for _B_asic _ I_nput _ O_utput _ S_ervice ) is stored in non-volatile memory such as a ROM , EEPROM , or flash memory .
When the PC is turned on or rebooted , this code is executed .
Usually it performs a power - on self test ( POST ) to check the machine .
Finally , it loads the first sector from the master boot record ( MBR ) on the boot drive .
As discussed in the tutorial “ Learn Linux 101 : Hard disk layout , ” the MBR also contains the partition table , so the amount of executable code in the MBR is less than 512 bytes , which is not very much code .
Every disk , even a floppy , contains executable code in its MBR , even if the code is only enough to put out a message such as “ Non-bootable disk in drive A : ” .
This code that is loaded by BIOS from this first sector is called the first stage boot loader or the stage 1 boot loader .
The standard hard drive MBR used by MS DOS , PC DOS , and Windows operating systems checks the partition table to find a primary partition on the boot drive that is marked as active , loads the first sector from that partition , and passes control to the beginning of the loaded code .
This new piece of code is also known as the partition boot record .
The partition boot record is actually another stage 1 boot loader , but this one has just enough intelligence to load a set of blocks from the partition .
The code in this new set of blocks is called the stage 2 boot loader .
As used by MS - DOS and PC - DOS , the stage 2 loader proceeds directly to load the rest of operating system .
This is how your operating system pulls itself up by its bootstraps until it is up and running .
This works fine for a system with a single operating system .
What happens if you want multiple operating systems , say OS / 2 , Windows XP , and three different Linux distributions ?
You can use some program ( such as the DOS FDISK program ) to change the active partition and reboot .
This is cumbersome .
Furthermore , a disk can have only four primary partitions , and the standard MBR can have only one active primary partition ; it cannot boot from a logical partition .
But our hypothetical example cited five operating systems , each of which needs a partition .
Oops !
The solution lies in using some special code that allows a user to choose which operating system to boot .
Examples include :
Loadlin
A DOS executable program that is invoked from a running DOS system to boot a Linux partition .
This was popular when setting up a multiboot system was a complex and risky process .
OS / 2 Boot Manager
A program that was installed in a small dedicated partition .
The partition was marked active , and the standard MBR boot process started the OS / 2 Boot Manager , which has menu from which you can choose which operating system to boot .
A smart boot loader
A program that can reside on an operating system partition and is invoked either by the partition boot record of an active partition or by the master boot record .
Some common Linux boot loaders are :
LILO , the LInux LOader
GRUB , the GRand Unified Boot loader ( now referred to as GRUB Legacy )
GRUB2 , a newer boot loader that is installed in many common distributions
Syslinux , a group of lightweight boot loaders for MS - DOS FAT filesystems ( SYSLINUX ) , network booting ( PXELINUX ) , bootable “ El Torito ” CD - ROMs ( ISOLINUX ) , and Linux ext2 / ext3 / ext4 or btrfs filesystems ( EXTLINUX )
Evidently , if you can pass control of the system to some program that has more than 512 bytes of code to accomplish its task , then it is n’t too hard to allow booting from logical partitions , or booting from partitions that are not on the boot drive .
All of these solutions allow these possibilities , either because they can load a boot record from an arbitrary partition , or because they have some understanding of what file or files to load to start the boot process .
Chain loading
When a boot manager gets control , one thing that it can load is another boot manager .
This is called chain loading , and it most frequently occurs when the boot manager that is located in the master boot record ( MBR ) loads the boot loader that is in a partition boot record .
This is almost always done when a Linux boot loader is asked to boot a Windows or DOS partition , but it can also be done when the Linux boot loader for one Linux system ( say Fedora ) is configured to load the boot loader for another Linux system ( say Ubuntu ) .
For example , you might use GRUB in one partition to launch the GRUB boot loader in another partition ’s boot record to start the Linux system in that partition .
This is not common , but it illustrates the possibilities .
Linux boot loaders
This tutorial focuses on GRUB , GRUB 2 , and LILO because these are the boot loaders included with most Linux distributions .
LILO has been around for awhile .
GRUB is newer .
The original GRUB has now become GRUB Legacy , and GRUB 2 is being developed under the auspices of the Free Software Foundation ( see the resources at the right side for details ) .
This tutorial discusses GRUB first , and then GRUB 2 , so that you have some idea of the major differences and how GRUB and GRUB 2 can coexist .
For the rest of this tutorial , assume GRUB means GRUB Legacy , unless the context specifically implies GRUB 2 .
A new version of LILO called ELILO ( which is designed for booting systems that use Intel ’s Extensible Firmware Interface , or EFI , rather than BIOS ) is also available .
See the resources at the right side for additional information about ELILO .
As noted earlier , GRUB Legacy is no longer in active development and LILO development is scheduled to end in late 2015 .
Most Linux systems in 2015 are shipping with GRUB 2 as the default , or sometimes only boot loader .
The installation process for your distribution might give you a choice of which boot loader to set up .
GRUB , GRUB 2 , and LILO all work with most modern disks , although some distributions , notably Fedora , no longer ship LILO or GRUB Legacy .
Remember that disk technology has advanced rapidly , so you should always make sure that your chosen boot loader , as well as your chosen Linux distribution ( or other operating system ) , as well as your system BIOS , will work with your shiny new disk .
Failure to do so can result in loss of data .
Likewise , if you ’re adding a new distribution to an existing system , you might need to make sure you have the latest LILO , GRUB , or GRUB 2 in your MBR .
You also need a fairly recent version of your boot loader if you plan to boot from an LVM or RAID disk .
With the stage 2 loaders used in LILO and GRUB , you can choose from several operating systems or versions to load .
However , LILO and GRUB differ significantly in that a change to the system requires you to use a command to recreate the LILO boot setup whenever you upgrade a kernel or make certain other changes to your system , while GRUB can accomplish this through a configuration text file that you can edit .
GRUB 2 also requires a rebuild from a configuration file that is normally stored in /etc .
GRUB
GRUB , or the GRand Unified Boot loader , was for a long time one of the most common Linux boot loaders .
You can install GRUB into the MBR of your bootable hard drive or into the partition boot record of a partition .
You can also install it on removable devices such as floppy disks , CDs , or USB keys .
It is a good idea to practice on a floppy disk or USB key if you are not already familiar with GRUB .
The examples in this tutorial show you how .
Note : Most GRUB examples in this tutorial use CentOS 6 .
During Linux installation , you often specify your choice of boot manager .
If you choose LILO , then you might not have GRUB installed .
If you do not have GRUB installed and it is available for your distribution , then you need to install the package for it .
This tutorial assumes that you already have the GRUB package installed .
See the series roadmap for the tutorials on package management if you need help with this .
GRUB ( Legacy ) has a configuration file that is usually stored in / boot / grub / grub.conf .
If your file system supports symbolic links , as most Linux file systems do , you probably have / boot / grub / menu.lst as a symbolic link to / boot / grub / grub.conf .
The grub command ( / sbin / grub , or , on some systems , /usr / sbin / grub ) is a small but reasonably powerful shell that supports several commands for installing GRUB , booting systems , locating and displaying configuration files , and similar tasks .
This shell shares much code with the second stage GRUB boot loader , so it is useful to learn about GRUB without having to boot to a second stage GRUB environment .
The GRUB stage 2 runs either in menu mode , so that you can choose an operating system from a menu , or in command mode , where you specify individual commands to load a system .
There are also several other commands , such as grub - install , that use the grub shell and help automate tasks such as installing GRUB .
Listing 1 shows a fairly complex GRUB configuration file .
As you look through it , remember one important thing : GRUB , at least GRUB Legacy , counts drives , partitions , and things that need to be counted , starting at 0 rather than 1 .
The second entry for CentOS has a kernel line that is very long .
Listing 1 shows it with a backslash ( ) indicating where it was broken for publication .
Listing 1 : / boot / grub/ menu.lst GRUB configuration example
# grub.conf generated by anaconda # #
You do not have to rerun grub after making changes to this file # NOTICE :
You do not have a / boot partition .
This means that # all kernel and initrd paths are relative to / , eg. # root ( hd0,5 ) # kernel / boot / vmlinuz - version ro root= / dev/hda6 # initrd / boot/initrd-version.img # boot= / dev/hda default=0 timeout=60 splashimage= (
hd0,0 )/boot/grub/splash.xpm.gz # password --md5 $ 1$y.uQRs1W$Sqs30hDB3GtE957PoiDWO.
title Fedora 22 64 - bit ( sda5 ) root ( hd0,4 ) kernel / boot / grub2/i386-pc/core.img title Fedora 18 64 - bit ( sda7 ) root ( hd0,6 ) kernel / boot / grub2/i386-pc/core.img title CentOS 6 64 - bit ( sda11 ) root ( hd0,10 ) configfile / boot / grub / menu.lst title CentOS ( 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ) root ( hd0,10 ) kernel / boot / vmlinuz - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ro \ root=UUID=2f60a3b4-ef6c-4d4c-9ef4-50d7f75124a2 rd_NO_LUKS rd_NO_LVM \ LANG=en_US.UTF -8 rd_NO_MD SYSFONT=latarcyrheb-sun16 crashkernel=128M \ KEYBOARDTYPE=pc KEYTABLE=us rd_NO_DM rhgb quiet initrd / boot / initramfs - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64.img title Fedora 20 64 - bit ( sda10 ) root ( hd0,9 ) configfile / boot / grub / menu.lst title Ubuntu 12.04 - LTS 64 - bit ( sda9 ) root ( hd0,8 ) kernel / boot / grub / core.img title Ubuntu 14.04 32 - bit ( sda12 ) root ( hd0,11 ) kernel / boot / grub / core.img title Slackware 13.37 64 - bit ( sda6 ) root ( hd0,5 ) chainloader +1 boot title Open SUSE 11.4 64 - bit ( sda8 ) root ( hd0,7 ) configfile / boot / grub / menu.lst title Windows Example rootnoverify ( hd0 ,0 ) chainloader +1 ##### Show more
Show more icon
The first set of options in Listing 1 control how GRUB operates .
For GRUB , these are called menu commands , and they must appear before other commands .
The remaining sections give per-image options for the operating systems that you want to allow GRUB to boot .
“ Title ” is considered a menu command .
Each instance of title is followed by one or more general or menu entry commands .
The menu commands that apply to all other sections in Listing 1 are :
#
Any line starting with a # is a comment and is ignored by GRUB .
This particular configuration file was originally generated by anaconda , the Red Hat installer .
You will probably find comments added to your GRUB configuration file if you install GRUB when you install Linux .
The comments often serve as an aid to the system upgrade program so that you can keep your GRUB configuration current with upgraded kernels .
Pay attention to any markers that are left for this purpose if you edit the configuration yourself .
default
Specifies which system to load if the user does not make a choice within a timeout .
In Listing 1 , default=0 means to load the first entry .
Remember that GRUB counts from 0 rather than 1 .
If not specified , then the default is to boot the first entry , entry number 0 .
timeout
Specifies a timeout in seconds before booting the default entry .
Note that LILO uses tenths of a second for timeouts , while GRUB uses whole seconds .
splashimage
Specifies the background , or splash , image to be displayed with the boot menu .
GRUB
Legacy refers to the first hard drive as ( hd0 ) and the first partition on that drive as ( hd0,0 ) , so the specification of splashimage = ( hd0,0 ) / boot/grub/splash.xpm.gz means to use the file / boot / grub / splash .xpm.gz located on partition 1 of the first hard drive .
Remember to count from 0 .
The image is an XPM file compressed with gzip .
Support for splashimage is a patch that might or might not be included in your distribution .
password
Specifies a password that you must enter before you can unlock the menu and either edit a configuration line or enter GRUB commands .
The password can be in clear text .
GRUB also permits passwords to be stored as an MD5 digest , as in the commented out example in Listing 1 .
This is somewhat more secure , and most administrators set a password .
Without a password , you have complete access to the GRUB command line .
Listing 1 shows a CentOS kernel , / boot / vmlinuz - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 , on / dev/sda11 ( hd0,10 ) , plus several systems that are configured to chain load .
Listing 1 also has examples of loading GRUB 2 via / boot / grub2/i386- pc/ core.img and an example of a typical Windows XP chain loading entry , although this system does not actually have Windows installed .
The commands used in these sections are :
title
Is a descriptive title that is shown as the menu item when Grub boots .
You use the arrow keys to move up and down through the title list and then press Enter to select a particular entry .
root
Specifies the partition that will be booted .
As with splashimage , remember that counting starts at 0 , so the first Red Hat system that is specified as root ( hd0,6 ) is actually on partition 7 of the first hard drive ( / dev/hda7 in this case ) , while the first Ubuntu system , which is specified as root ( hd 1,10 ) , is on the second hard drive ( / dev/hdb11 ) .
GRUB attempts to mount this partition to check it and provide values to the booted operating system in some cases .
kernel
Specifies the kernel image to be loaded and any required kernel parameters .
A kernel value like / boot / grub2/i386 - pc / core.img usually means loading a GRUB 2 boot loader from the named root partition .
initrd
Is the name of the initial RAM disk , which contains modules needed by the kernel before your file systems are mounted .
savedefault
Is not used in this example .
If the menu command default=saved is specified and the savedefault command is specified for an operating system , then booting that operating system causes it to become the default until another operating system with savedefault specified is booted .
In Listing 1 , the specification of default=0 overrides any saved default .
boot
Is an optional parameter that instructs GRUB to boot the selected operating system .
This is the default action when all commands for a selection have been processed .
lock
Is not used in Listing 1 .
This does not boot the specified entry until a password is entered .
If you use this , then you should also specify a password in the initial options ; otherwise , a user can edit out your lock option and boot the system or add “ single ” to one of the other entries .
It is possible to specify a different password for individual entries if you want .
rootnoverify
Is similar to root , except that GRUB does not attempt to mount the file system or verify its parameters .
This is usually used for file systems such as NTFS that are not supported by GRUB .
You might also use this if you want GRUB to load the master boot record on a hard drive ( for example , to access a different configuration file or to reload your previous boot loader ) .
chainloader
Specifies that another file will be loaded as a stage 1 file .
The value “ +1 ” is equivalent to 0+1 , which means to load one sector starting at sector 0 ; that is , load the first sector from the device specified by root or rootnoverify .
configfile
Specifies that the running copy of GRUB replaces its configuration file with one loaded from the target location .
For this to work , it is advisable that the version of GRUB that is loading the new configfile is as current as the version that built it .
You now have some idea of what you might find in a typical / boot / grub / grub.conf ( or / boot / grub / menu.lst ) file .
There are many other GRUB commands to provide extensive control over the boot process as well as help with installing GRUB and other tasks .
You can learn more about these in the GRUB manual , which should be available on your system through the command info grub .
Before you learn how to deal with such a large GRUB configuration file , let ’s drop back to a smaller and simpler example .
I use the file that CentOS 6 built for me when I installed it on / dev/sda11 .
This is shown in Listing 2 .
Again , we have used a backslash ( ) to show where we broke long kernel lines for publication .
Listing 2 : Basic GRUB configuration built by CentOS 6
# grub.conf generated by anaconda # #
You do not have to rerun grub after making changes to this file # NOTICE :
You do not have a / boot partition .
This means that # all kernel and initrd paths are relative to / , eg. # root ( hd0,10 ) # kernel / boot / vmlinuz - version ro root= / dev/sdd11 # initrd / boot / initrd -[ generic-]version.img #boot=/dev/sdd11 default=0 timeout=5 splashimage = (
hd0,10 ) /boot/grub/splash.xpm.gz hiddenmenu title CentOS ( 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ) root ( hd0,10 ) kernel / boot / vmlinuz - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ro \ root=UUID=2f60a3b4-ef6c-4d4c-9ef4-50d7f75124a2 rd_NO_LUKS rd_NO_LVM \ LANG=en_US.UTF -8 rd_NO_MD SYSFONT=latarcyrheb-sun16 crashkernel=128M \ KEYBOARDTYPE=pc KEYTABLE=us rd_NO_DM rhgb quiet initrd / boot / initramfs - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64.img title CentOS 6 ( 2.6.32-504.el6.x86_64 ) root ( hd0,10 ) kernel / boot / vmlinuz - 2.6.32-504.el6.x86_64 ro \ root=UUID=2f60a3b4-ef6c-4d4c-9ef4-50d7f75124a2 rd_NO_LUKS rd_NO_LVM \ LANG=en_US.UTF -8 rd_NO_MD SYSFONT=latarcyrheb-sun16 crashkernel=128M \ KEYBOARDTYPE=pc KEYTABLE=us rd_NO_DM rhgb quiet initrd / boot / initramfs - 2.6.32-504.el6.x86_64.img title
Other rootnoverify ( hd0,0 ) chainloader +1
Show more
Show more icon
Notice the command hiddenmenu that you did not see earlier .
This causes GRUB to not display a menu , but rather boot the default entry as soon as the timeout expires .
In our case this means the first entry ( default=0 ) will be booted in 5 seconds ( timeout=5 ) .
If you press Enter during this time , the menu will be displayed .
Once you have a GRUB configuration file , you need to install it , or preferably test it .
I ’ll show you how to do the install first and then show you how to test it using a floppy drive ( if you still have one ) or a CD .
I ’ll install GRUB in the partition boot record of the partition containing my CentOS distribution .
I use the grub - install command and specify the device where the 512 - byte stage1 boot loader should go .
In my example , that ’s / dev/sda11 or ( hd0,10 ) using GRUB notation .
See Listing 3 .
You need to have root authority to write the partition boot record .
If you have added or deleted devices you might have to remove your / boot / grub / device .map file and allow grub - install to rebuild is as shown in our example .
This wo n’t happen often , but if grub - install throws some odd error that you do n’t understand , you might find deleting the device .map file helpful .
Listing 3 . Install GRUB
Legacy in a partition boot record
[ root@attic4- cent ~ ] # rm /boot/grub/device.map rm : remove regular file `/boot / grub / device.map '?
y [ root@attic4-cent ~ ] # grub -install / dev/sda11
Probing devices to guess BIOS drives .
This might take a long time .
Installation finished .
No error reported .
This is the contents of the device map / boot / grub / device.map .
Check if this is correct or not .
If any of the lines is incorrect , fix it and re-run the script `grub - install ' .
( fd0 ) /dev/fd0 ( hd0 ) / dev/sda ( hd1 ) / dev/sdb ( hd2 ) / dev/sdc ( hd3 ) / dev/sdd Show more Show more icon
As you already learned the standard DOS MBR can’t boot a logical partition , so you ’ll need something else to get this system booted .
One option would be to install GRUB in the MBR by doing grub - install / dev/sda grub - install / dev/sda which would also install GRUB in the MBR of our disk ( / dev/sda ) .
I ’ll also show you how to do it with GRUB 2 in a moment , but before you commit to either approach step , you might want to test out your setup using a GRUB boot CD .
Building a bootable GRUB rescue CD
Before you reboot your shiny new system , it might be a good idea to build a bootable GRUB CD .
First , you prepare a CD image on your hard drive .
You need a temporary directory , say grubcd , with subdirectories boot and boot / grub .
You then need to copy the stage2_eltorito file from your GRUB distribution files to the grub subdirectory that you just created .
Then , use genisoimage to create a bootable .iso image file that you can burn to CD with your favorite burning tool .
Listing 4 shows how to create the CD image as grubcd.iso .
You do not need root authority to do this .
Our stage2_eltorito is in /usr / share / grub / x86_64 - redhat .
This location might be different on other systems , particularly a 32 - bit system .
Or , you might find it under / usr / lib / grub .
You might be able to locate it using the locate command , also illustrated in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 . Creating a GRUB bootable CD image
[ ian@attic4 - cent ~ ] $ mkdir mkdir - p grubcd / boot / grub [ ian@attic4-cent ~ ] $ ls /usr / share / grub / x86_64-redhat [ ian@attic4-cent ~ ] $ ls /usr / share / grub/x86_64-redhat/stage2_eltorito /usr/share/grub/x86_64-redhat/stage2_eltorito [ ian@attic4-cent ~ ] $ locate stage2_eltorito /usr / share / grub/x86_64-redhat/stage2_eltorito [ ian@attic4-cent ~ ] $ cp /usr/ share/grub/x86_64-redhat/stage2_eltorito grubcd/boot/grub [ ian@attic4-cent ~ ] $ genisoimage - R - b boot / grub / stage2_eltorito - no-emul - boot \ > - boot - load - size 4 - boot - info - table -o grubcd .iso grubcd I : - input - charset not specified , using utf - 8 ( detected in locale settings )
Size of boot image is 4 sectors ->
No emulation Total translation table size : 2048 Total rockridge attributes bytes : 760 Total directory bytes : 4576 Path table size ( bytes ) : 34 Max brk space used 22000 241 extents written ( 0 MB ) Show more Show more icon
You can boot this CD in an arbitrary PC ; it does not have to be one with a Linux system on it .
If you boot the CD , it will load the GRUB shell from the CD .
When you boot , you get a GRUB boot prompt .
Press the tab key or use the help command to see a list of commands available to you .
Try help commandname to get help on the command called commandname .
One last thing before you reboot with the CD :
You can practice some of the GRUB commands that are available in the GRUB shell from your Linux command line .
Listing 5 illustrates the grub command and some of the commands available , including the ability to display the menu and see that it is what you want .
Some commands , such as find , require root authority , so my example uses that .
Also note that when you attempt to load the first config entry by pressing Enter , GRUB crashes with a segmentation fault .
Remember that you can practice some of the GRUB shell commands from the Bash command line , but not all .
Up and down arrow keys might not work either .
Again , a long kernel line is split using .
Listing 5 . The GRUB command line
[ root@attic4 - cent ~ ] # grub Probing devices to guess BIOS drives .
This might take a long time .
GNU GRUB version 0.97 ( 640 K lower / 3072 K upper memory ) [ Minimal BASH - like line editing is supported .
For the first word , TAB lists possible command completions .
Anywhere else TAB lists the possible completions of a device / filename . ] grub > help rootnoverify help rootnoverify rootnoverify : rootnoverify [ DEVICE [ HDBIAS ] ]
Similar to `root ' , but do n't attempt to mount the partition .
This is useful for when an OS is outside of the area of the disk that GRUB can read , but setting the correct root device is still desired .
The items mentioned in `root ' which derived from attempting the mount will NOT work correctly .
grub > find / boot / grub / menu.lst find / boot / grub / menu.lst ( hd0,0 ) ( hd0,7 ) ( hd0,10 ) grub > configfile ( hd0,10 ) / boot/grub/menu.lst configfile ( hd0,10 ) / boot/grub/menu.lst
Press any key to enter the menu GNU GRUB version 0.97 ( 640 K lower / 3072 K upper memory )
-------------------------------------------------------------------
0 : CentOS ( 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ) 1 : CentOS 6 ( 2.6.32-504.el6.x86_64 )
2 : Other -------------------------------------------------------------------
Use the ^ and v keys to select which entry is highlighted .
Press enter to boot the selected OS , 'e ' to edit the commands before booting , ' a ' to modify the kernel arguments before booting , or ' c ' for a command - line .
The selected entry is 0 Highlighted entry is 0 : Booting ' CentOS ( 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ) ' root ( hd0,10 ) Filesystem type is ext2fs , partition type 0x83 kernel / boot / vmlinuz - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ro \ root=UUID=2f60a3b4-ef6c-4d4c-9ef4-50d7f75124a2 rd_NO_LUKS rd_NO_LVM \ LANG=en_US.UTF -8 rd_NO_MD SYSFONT=latarcyrheb-sun16 crashkernel=128M \ KEYBOARDTYPE=pc KEYTABLE=us rd_NO_DM rhgb quiet [ Linux - bzImage , setup=0x3400 , size=0x3f2790 ]
Segmentation fault ( core dumped )
Show more Show more icon
In this example , there are GRUB configuration files on three different partitions on the first hard drive , including the one built for CentOS on ( hd0,10 ) or / dev/sda11 .
Listing 5 loads the GRUB menu from ( hd0,10 ) using the configfile command .
You can explore these grub commands in the GRUB manual .
Try typing info grub in a Linux terminal window to open the manual .
If you still have a floppy disk , you can install GRUB on a floppy using a command such as grub - install / dev/ fd0 , where / dev / fd0 corresponds to your floppy drive .
You should unmount the floppy before installing GRUB on it .
Booting with GRUB legacy
Now you are ready to reboot your system using the GRUB CD that you just built .
If your BIOS is not set up to boot automatically from a CD or DVD if present , then you might need to press some system - specific key ( F8 on my BIOS ) to choose a boot device other than your hard drive .
The CD boots to a GRUB prompt as shown in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 . Booting your GRUB CD
In this example , I used the find command to find GRUB config files called menu.lst and found 3 , including my CentOS GRUB configuration file on device ( hd0,10 ) or / dev/sda11 .
I then used the root command to set ) hd0,10 ) as the root for further file operations .
I installed GRUB in the partition boot record of ( hd0,10 ) , So I use the chainloader command to tell grub to boot whatever boot loader is in the first sector of ( hd0,10 ) .
Finally I use the boot command to boot this new loader ( GRUB again in our case ) .
The result is shown in Figure 2
Figure 2 . The CentOS Grub menu
In this case press Enter to see the menu .
Otherwise the hiddenmenu option simply displays the line being booted and a countdown timer .
Editing in the GRUB shell
Now , I show you how to use the GRUB shell to edit the configuration .
For this purpose , you will boot in single user mode , but you can change any of the lines or even add or delete whole configuration lines if necessary .
For example , you can add a complete root line if you had forgotten it .
You press e to edit the configuration , then use the down arrow to highlight the kernel line .
The result is shown in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 . Editing the kernel line
Press e again and then type the word single at the end of the line , as shown in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 . Editing the kernel line
Finally , press Enter to return to the screen you saw in Figure 2 , then b to boot CentOS into single user mode .
When the system boots , you will have a root prompt .
You can use this mode to make emergency repairs to a system that wo n’t boot normally .
At this point , you can repeat the previous process to boot into normal graphical mode or whatever mode you had set up your system to boot to .
If you wanted GRUB to control all booting on the system , you would now do
grub - install / dev/sda to install GRUB in the MBR of / dev/sda .
You ’ll see other ways to manage your booting as you proceed through this tutorial .
GRUB 2
GRUB 2 is the successor to GRUB .
It was rewritten from scratch to make it significantly more modular and portable .
It targets different architectures and boot methods and has many new features , including the ability to handle UEFI firmware and GPT formatted drives .
See the resources at the right side for links to more information .
If you are familiar with GRUB and begin to use GRUB 2 , you will find it completely different and you will probably get many surprises .
Note : Most GRUB 2 examples in this tutorial use Fedora 22 or Ubuntu 15 .
The first thing you might notice about GRUB 2 is that it does not install as a partition boot loader .
If you tell a Linux installer to install GRUB in a partition , that partition is not bootable by chain loading .
GRUB 2 must be rebuilt when you update your system .
Most system update processes handle this for you , but if you have multiple operating systems on a system , you probably have to do some work yourself .
Now , I show you how to use GRUB 2 either alone or in conjunction with GRUB Legacy .
The GRUB 2 packages contain several programs , normally in /usr / bin or /usr / sbin .
The actual package name has changed over time and is not the same for all distributions .
The binaries also have names that usually start with grub - or grub2 - .
For example , on Ubuntu 14 , you will find grub - image provided by package grub - common , while on Fedora 22 , you will find grub2 - mkimage provided by package grub2 - tools .
See Learn Linux , 101 : Debian package management and Learn Linux , 101 : RPM and YUM package management for help on finding out what package contains a particular command .
Listing 6 shows the Grub binaries on an Ubuntu 14.04 system .
As usual , consult the man pages or try running the programs with the -- help option to get more information .
You might need to search the Internet for additional help .
Be prepared for inconsistency in the documentation when things change so fast .
Listing 6 . GRUB 2 executables in /usr / bin and /usr / sbin
ian@attic - u14 : ~$ which grub - image / usr / bin / grub - image ian@attic - u14 : ~$ dpkg - S /usr / bin / grub - image grub - common : /usr / bin / grub - image ian@attic - u14: ~ $ dpkg - L grub - common | grep " bin / " /usr/sbin/grub-mkdevicemap /usr/sbin/grub-mkconfig
/usr/sbin/grub-probe /usr/sbin/grub-macbless
/usr/bin/grub-glue-efi /usr/bin/grub-mkfont
/usr/bin/grub-script-check /usr/bin/grub-fstest /usr/bin/grub-mkstandalone /usr/bin/grub-image /usr/bin/grub-mklayout /usr/bin/grub-mkrescue /usr/bin/grub-mkrelpath
/usr/bin/grub-kbdcomp /usr/bin/grub-render-label
/usr/bin/grub-mount /usr/bin/grub-file /usr/bin/grub-menulst2cfg /usr/bin/grub-editenv /usr/bin/grub-syslinux2cfg
/usr/bin/grub-mkpasswd-pbkdf2 /usr/bin/grub-mknetdir
Show more
Show more icon
The heart of GRUB 2 is a multiboot kernel ( / boot / grub / core.img ) along with a configuration file ( / boot / grub / grub.cfg ) .
These will be generated for you if you run grub - install and set the target as your MBR ( for example : grub - install / dev/ sda grub - install / dev/sda ) .
Run grub - install –help grub - install - - help as shown in Listing 7 to get an idea of the programs that get called to do all the work .
Some things are similar to Grub Legacy , but there are a number of new items , such as -- modules , -- grub - setup , -- grub - image , and so on .
Listing 7 . GRUB 2 help for grub - install
ian@attic - u14:~$ grub- install -- help Usage : grub-install [ OPTION ... ]
[ OPTION ] [ INSTALL_DEVICE ]
Install GRUB on your drive .
-- compress [ =no , xz , gz, lzo ] compress GRUB files [ optional ] -d , --directory =DIR use images and modules under DIR [ default=/usr/lib/grub/<platform > ]
--fonts=FONTS install FONTS [ default=unicode ] --install-modules=MODULES
install only MODULES and their dependencies [ default=all ] -k , --pubkey =FILE embed FILE as public key for signature checking -- locale - directory =DIR use translations under DIR [ default=/usr/share/locale ] --locales=LOCALES
install only LOCALES [ default=all ] --modules=MODULES
pre-load specified modules MODULES -- themes=THEMES install THEMES [ default=starfield ] -v , --verbose print verbose messages .
-- allow - floppy make the drive also bootable as floppy ( default for fdX devices ) .
May break on some BIOSes .
-- boot - directory =DIR install GRUB images under the directory DIR / grub instead of the boot / grub directory -- bootloader - id=ID the ID of bootloader .
This option is only available on EFI and Macs .
-- core-compress=xz|none|auto choose the compression to use for core image -- disk - module=MODULE disk module to use ( biosdisk or native ) .
This option is only available on BIOS target .
-- efi-directory =DIR use DIR as the EFI System Partition root .
-- force install even if problems are detected -- force - file - id use identifier file even if UUID is available -- label - bgcolor=COLOR use COLOR for label background -- label - color=COLOR use COLOR for label -- label - font=FILE use FILE as font for label -- macppc - directory =DIR use DIR for PPC MAC install .
-- no- bootsector do not install bootsector -- no - nvram do n't update the `boot - device ' / `Boot * ' NVRAM variables .
This option is only available on EFI and IEEE1275 targets .
-- no-rs- codes
Do not apply any reed - solomon codes when embedding core.img .
This option is only available on x86 BIOS targets .
-- no -uefi - secure - boot do not install an image usable with UEFI Secure Boot , even if the system was currently started using it .
This option is only available on EFI .
-- product - version =STRING
use STRING as product version -- recheck delete device map if it already exists -- removable the installation device is removable .
This option is only available on EFI .
-s , -- skip - fs - probe do not probe for filesystems in DEVICE -- target=TARGET install GRUB for TARGET platform [ default=i386- pc ] -- uefi-secure - boot install an image usable with UEFI Secure Boot .
This option is only available on EFI and if the grub - efi - amd64 - signed package is installed .
-? , -- help give this help list -- usage give a short usage message -V , --version print program version Mandatory or optional arguments to long options are also mandatory or optional for any corresponding short options .
INSTALL_DEVICE must be system device filename .
grub - install copies GRUB images into boot / grub .
On some platforms , it may also install GRUB into the boot sector .
Report bugs to < bug-grub@gnu.org >.
Show more
Show more icon
If you run grub - install / dev/sda grub - install / dev/sda , the process builds a core image file for you , builds a configuration file , and installs GRUB 2 in your MBR .
If you ’re not ready to commit to GRUB 2 for your whole setup , you can build these parts yourself and then boot the GRUB 2 core image from GRUB Legacy or LILO .
Building the GRUB 2 configuration file
The GRUB 2 configuration file is normally / boot / grub / grub.cfg .
Unlike GRUB
Legacy , you should normally not edit this file yourself because it will be overwritten the next time your GRUB 2 installation is updated .
You should build it using grub - mkconfig .
On some systems , such as Ubuntu , the update - grub command is a front - end to grub - mkconfig that saves its output in / boot / grub / grub.cfg .
These commands look for general settings ( such as background or timeouts ) in /etc / default / grub and then run executables from / etc / grub .d/ to build various parts of the configuration file , such as the header , a section for the current Linux distribution , sections for other operating systems , and your own custom additions .
If you need to customize the GRUB 2 menu , you add your changes to a file in /etc / grub.d/ such as 40_custom , or add your own file .
Remember that it needs to be executable .
I show you an example of customization late when I show you how to chain load GRUB legacy from GRUB 2 .
Run grub - mkconfig ( or update - grub if available ) to generate a new / boot / grub / grub.cfg file as shown in Listing 8 .
Listing 8 . Building a GRUB 2 configuration file with grub - mkconfig
ian@attic - u14 : ~$ sudo grub - mkconfig -o / boot / grub / grub.cfg
Generating grub configuration file ...
Found linux image : / boot / vmlinuz - 3.16.0-43 - generic
Found initrd image : /boot/initrd.img-3.16.0-43 - generic
Found linux image : / boot / vmlinuz - 3.16.0-30 - generic
Found initrd image : /boot/initrd.img-3.16.0-30 - generic Found memtest86 + image : /boot/memtest86+.elf Found memtest86 + image : /boot/memtest86+.bin
Found Fedora release 20 ( Heisenbug ) on / dev/sda10 Found CentOS release 6.6 ( Final ) on / dev/sda11 Found Fedora release 22 ( Twenty Two ) on / dev/sda5 Found Slackware Linux ( Slackware 13.37.0 ) on / dev/sda6 Found Fedora release 18 ( Spherical Cow ) on / dev/sda7 Found openSUSE 11.4 ( x86_64 ) on /dev/sda8 Found Ubuntu 12.04 LTS ( 12.04 ) on / dev/sda9 done Show more Show more icon
Listing 9 shows the header part of the resulting configuration file , and Listing 10 shows the first few menu entries .
I have indicated long lines that I broke for publication using a trailing backslash ( ) .
Notice that the menuentry stanzas look more like shell scripts than the plain commands without logic of GRUB Legacy .
Another important change from GRUB Legacy is that partition numbering now starts at 1 , although disk numbering still starts at 0 .
So / dev/sda7 is ( hd0,7 ) in GRUB 2 where it would be ( hd0,6 ) in GRUB Legacy .
GRUB 2 can also use an optional partition name as well as a number .
So ( hd0,7 ) can also be referred to as ( hd0 , msdos7 ) to make clear that it is on an MBR formatted disk .
On a GPT formatted disk , you would use ( hd0, gpt7 ) .
Listing 9 . GRUB 2 configuration file heade
# # DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE # #
It is automatically generated by grub - mkconfig using templates # from / etc / grub.d and settings from /etc / default / grub # ### BEGIN /etc/grub.d/00
_header
# ## if [ -s $ prefix / grubenv ] ; then set have_grubenv=true load_env fi if [ " ${next_entry} " ] ; then set default = " ${next_entry} " set next_entry= save_env next_entry set boot_once=true else set default = " 0 " fi if [ x " ${feature_menuentry_id} " = xy ] ; then menuentry_id_option= " -- id " else menuentry_id_option= " " fi export menuentry_id_option if [ " ${prev_saved_entry} " ] ; then set saved_entry = " ${prev_saved_entry} " save_env saved_entry set prev_saved_entry= save_env prev_saved_entry set boot_once=true fi function savedefault { if [ - z " $ {boot_once} " ] ; then saved_entry = " ${chosen} " save_env saved_entry fi } function recordfail { set recordfail =1 if [ -n " $ {have_grubenv} " ] ; then if [ - z " $ {boot_once} " ] ; then save_env recordfail ; fi ; fi } function load_video { if [ x$ feature_all_video_module = xy ] ; then insmod all_video else insmod efi_gop insmod efi_uga insmod ieee1275 _fb insmod vbe insmod vga insmod video_bochs insmod video_cirrus fi } if [ x$feature_default_font_path = xy ] ; then font=unicode else insmod part_msdos insmod ext2 set root='hd0 , msdos12 ' if [ x$feature_platform_search_hint = xy ] ; then search -- no - floppy -- fs- uuid -- set=root --hint-bios=hd0 , msdos12 --hint-efi=hd0,msdos12 \ --hint-baremetal=ahci0,msdos12 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 else search -- no - floppy -- fs-uuid -- set=root 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 fi font=" /usr/share/grub/unicode.pf2 " fi if loadfont $ font ; then set gfxmode=auto load_video insmod gfxterm set locale_dir= $ prefix / locale set lang=en_US insmod gettext fi terminal_output gfxterm if [ " $ {recordfail} " = 1 ] ; then set timeout=30 else if [ x$ feature_timeout_style = xy ] ; then set timeout_style=menu set timeout=60 # Fallback normal timeout code in case the timeout_style feature is # unavailable .
else set timeout=60 fi fi ### END /etc/ grub.d/00 _header ### Show more
Show more icon
Listing 10 .
Some GRUB 2 configuration file menu entries
### BEGIN /etc/grub.d/10_linux # ## function gfxmode { set gfxpayload= " $ { 1} " if [ " $ {1} " = " keep " ] ; then set vt_handoff=vt.handoff=7 else set vt_handoff= fi } if [ " $ {recordfail} " != 1 ] ; then if [ -e $ {prefix}/gfxblacklist.txt ] ; then if hwmatch $ {prefix}/gfxblacklist.txt 3 ; then if [ $ {match} = 0 ] ; then set linux_gfx_mode=keep else set linux_gfx_mode=text fi else set linux_gfx_mode=text fi else set linux_gfx_mode=keep fi else set linux_gfx_mode=text fi export linux_gfx_mode menuentry ' Ubuntu ' -- class ubuntu -- class gnu-linux -- class gnu \ -- class os $ menuentry_id_option \ ' gnulinux- simple-943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 ' { recordfail load_video gfxmode $ linux_gfx_mode insmod gzio insmod part_msdos insmod ext2 set root='hd0 , msdos12 ' if [ x$feature_platform_search_hint = xy ] ; then search -- no - floppy -- fs- uuid -- set=root --hint-bios=hd0,msdos12 \ --hint-efi=hd0,msdos12 --hint-baremetal=ahci0,msdos12 ]
943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 else search -- no - floppy -- fs-uuid -- set=root 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 fi linux / boot / vmlinuz - 3.16.0-43-generic root=UUID=943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 \ ro quiet splash $ vt_handoff initrd / boot/ initrd.img-3.16.0-43 - generic } submenu ' Advanced options for Ubuntu ' $ menuentry_id_option \ ' gnulinux-advanced-943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 ' { menuentry ' Ubuntu , with Linux 3.16.0-43- generic ' -- class ubuntu \ -- class gnu-linux -- class gnu -- class os $ menuentry_id_option \ ' gnulinux-3.16.0-43-generic-advanced-943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 ' { recordfail load_video gfxmode $ linux_gfx_mode insmod gzio insmod part_msdos insmod ext2 set root='hd0 , msdos12 ' if [ x$feature_platform_search_hint = xy ] ; then search -- no - floppy -- fs- uuid -- set=root --hint-bios=hd0,msdos12 \ --hint-efi=hd0,msdos12 --hint-baremetal=ahci0,msdos12 \ 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 else search -- no - floppy -- fs-uuid -- set=root 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 fi echo ' Loading Linux 3.16.0-43- generic ...' linux / boot / vmlinuz - 3.16.0-43- generic \ root=UUID=943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 ro quiet splash $ vt_handoff echo ' Loading initial ramdisk ...' initrd / boot / initrd.img-3.16.0-43 - generic } menuentry ' Ubuntu , with Linux 3.16.0 - 43 - generic ( recovery mode ) ' -- class ubuntu \ -- class gnu-linux -- class gnu -- class os $ menuentry_id_option \ ' gnulinux-3.16.0-43-generic-recovery-943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 ' { recordfail load_video insmod gzio insmod part_msdos insmod ext2 set root='hd0 , msdos12 ' if [ x$feature_platform_search_hint = xy ] ; then search -- no - floppy -- fs- uuid -- set=root --hint-bios=hd0,msdos12 \ -- hinter=hd0,msdos12--bargain-basement=ahci0,msdos12 \ 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 else search -- no - floppy -- fluidised -- set=root 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 phi echo ' Loading Linux 3.16.0-43-generic ..'
Linux / boot / vmlinuz - 3.16.0-43- generic \ root=UUID=943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 or \ recovery Modesto echo ' Loading initial ram disk ..' initrd / boot / initrd.img-3.16.0-43 - generic } menu entry ' Ubuntu , with Linux 3.16.0-30 - generic '-- class Ubuntu \ -- class Linux -- class gnu--class OS $ menu entry_id_option \ ' gnulinux-3.16.0-30-generic-advanced-943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 ' { record fail load_video modem $ Linux_GIF_mode ins mod Zion ins mod part_ms dos ins mod ext2 set root='hd0 , msdos12 ' if [ x$ feature_platform_search_hint = x ] ; then search -- no - floppy -- fluidised -- set=root -- hint - bios=hd0 , msdos12 \ --hinter=hd0,msdos12--bargain-basement=ahci0,msdos12 \ 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 else search -- no - floppy -- fluidised -- set=root 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 phi echo ' Loading Linux 3.16.0-30 - generic ..'
Linux / boot / vmlinuz - 3.16.0-30 - generic \ root=UUID=943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 \ or quiet splash $ VT_hand off echo ' Loading initial ram disk ..' initrd / boot / initrd.img-3.16.0-30 - generic } menu entry ' Ubuntu , with Linux 3.16.0 - 30 - generic ( recovery mode ) '-- class Ubuntu \ -- class Linux -- class gnu--class OS $ menu entry_id_option \ ' gnulinux-3.16.0-30-generic-recovery-943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 ' { record fail load_video ins mod Zion ins mod part_ms dos ins mod ext2 set root='hd0 , msdos12 ' if [ x$ feature_platform_search_hint = x ] ; then search -- no - floppy -- fluidised -- set=root -- hint - bios=hd0 , msdos12 \ --hinter=hd0,msdos12--bargain-basement=ahci0,msdos12 \ 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 else search -- no - floppy -- fluidised -- set=root 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 phi echo ' Loading Linux 3.16.0-30 - generic ..'
Linux / boot / vmlinuz - 3.16.0-30 - generic \ root=UUID=943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 \ or recovery Modesto echo ' Loading initial ram disk ..' initrd / boot / initrd.img-3.16.0-30 - generic } } ### END /etc/grub.d/10
_Linux
### Show more
Show more icon
Building the GRUB 2 core image
The easiest way to build a new core image file is to run grub - install ( or grub2 - install according to your system ) , but do not update the MBR .
Some versions of the program install the boot sector using the - grub - setup option to indicate which program does the actual setup .
Set this to / bin / true to do nothing and thereby avoid the boot sector update .
Other versions do not have a - grub - setup option but have - non-sectarian option instead .
Check the man pages .
I show two different examples in Listing 11 .
I first remove the existing core.img to show that the file is indeed generated .
Listing 11 .
Building the GRUB 2 core image with grub - install or grub2 - install
[ root@atticf20 ~ ] # # Build a core.img file on Fedora 22 [ root@atticf20 ~ ] # grub2-install -- recheck -- grub-setup=/bin/true /dev/sda
Installing for i386 - pc platform .
Installation finished .
No error reported .
[ root@atticf20 ~ ] # ls -l /boot / grub2/i386-pc/core.img -rw-r--r--. 1 root root 25887 Jul 12 22:56 / boot/grub2/i386-pc/core.img ian@attic -u14:~$ # Build a core.img file on Ubuntu 14 ian@attic - u14 : ~ $ sudo grub - install -- non- sectarian / dev/sda [ sudo ] password for ian : Installing for i386 - pc platform .
Installation finished .
No error reported .
ian@attic - u14:~$ ls -l /boot / grub/i386-pc/core.img -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 25363 Jul 12 23:15 / boot / grub/i386-pc/core.img
Show more
Show more icon
Building a bootable GRUB 2 rescue CD
GRUB 2 comes with a grub - mkrescue or grub2 - mkrescue command to help you create a rescue CD image .
Recent versions of grub - mkrescue use the xorriso package rather than the mkisofs package or genisoimage package to create the ISO image , so you need to install if your first attempt fails with an error message indicating that Xorriso is not found or is at the wrong level .
Listing 12 shows how to create a GRUB 2 rescue image in file rescue.iso .
You do n’t have to be root to create the rescue ISO .
Listing 12 .
Creating a GRUB 2 rescue image
[ root@echidna ~ ] # /usr/bin/grub2-mkrescue -o rescue.iso Enabling BIOS support ... xorriso 1.2.4 : RockRidge filesystem manipulator , libburnia project .
Drive current : - outdev ' stdio:rescue.iso '
Media current : stdio file , overwriteable Media status : is blank Media summary : 0 sessions , 0 data blocks , 0 data , 7177 m free Added to ISO image : directory '/'='/tmp/tmp.Dw4KSbpoIx ' xorriso : UPDATE : 196 files added in 1 seconds xorriso : UPDATE : 196 files added in 1 seconds xorriso : NOTE : Copying to System Area : 29191 bytes from file '/tmp/tmp.LepCeiJPZM'
ISO image produced : 1094 sectors Written to medium : 1094 sectors at LBA 0 Writing to ' stdio:rescue.iso ' completed successfully .
Show more
Show more icon
Once you have created the ISO image , you can burn it to a CD ( or DVD ) using your favorite burning tool .
If you prefer , you can also copy it to a USB flash drive and boot from that assuming your BIOS supports booting from such devices .
Listing 13 shows how to use the dd command to copy the ISO image to the USB flash drive / dev/sde .
Warning :
Make sure that you copy the image to the correct device .
Copying it to the wrong device can destroy a lot of your data .
Listing 13 .
Writing a GRUB 2 rescue image to a USB flash drive
ian@attic - u14:~$ # Burn .iso image to USB stick / dev / sde ian@attic - u14 : ~ $ sudo dd if=rescue.iso of= / dev/sde 9864+0 records in 9864+0 records out 5050368 bytes ( 5.1 MB ) copied , 3.95946 s , 1.3 MB/s Show more Show more icon
You should now have a bootable CD or a bootable USB flash drive that will boot to a GRUB 2 prompt .
Booting with GRUB 2
You ’ll boot the USB flash drive to see how it works .
As with GRUB legacy , this rescue disk boots to a GRUB prompt where you enter commands .
I show you a few that you can use to start the Ubuntu 14 system whose configuration file I built earlier .
Figure 5 shows the screen after you boot and enter some commands .
Figure 5 . Booting the GRUB 2 rescue flash drive
The commands entered were :
ls
With no arguments , lists the devices that were found .
This can take some time to run .
Flash drives are not normally BIOS drives , but if you boot from one , it likely shows up as hd0 and displaces other drives , causing them not to be numbered as you expect .
Using a bootable CD or DVD avoids this problem .
set
Sets variable values .
In this case , you set the root variable .
Compare with the GRUB legacy root command .
You use hd1 instead of hd0 , because the previous command told you that hd0 is now the USB flash drive from which you booted .
ls
With a path , displays files or directories .
Use Bash - like tab completion to either complete the path component you are typing or to get a list of possible completions as you see here ( I pressed tab after entering / boot / grub / gru ) .
configfile
As with GRUB legacy , you can load a configuration file using the configfile command .
You load the one you built earlier .
Once you load the configuration file , your screen looks like Figure 6 .
Figure 6 . Ubuntu 14 configuration file for GRUB2
As with GRUB legacy , you can edit configuration entries or enter commands before booting a system .
You can explore the many GRUB 2 commands further in the GRUB manual .
Try typing info grub infogrub or info grub2 infogrub2 in a Linux terminal window to open the manual .
Booting GRUB 2 from Grub Legacy and vice - versa
I mentioned that you cannot chain load GRUB 2 from a partition boot record .
Once you build your core image and configuration file , add an entry to your GRUB Legacy grub.conf or menu.lst file to boot the GRUB 2 core image , which then displays the GRUB 2 menu that you built .
Listing 14 shows the entry that for the Ubuntu 14 installation on / dev/sda12 that I also used back in Listing 1 .
Because this configuration file is for GRUB Legacy , the root entry specifies ( hd0,11 ) for / dev/sda12 .
Listing 14 .
Grub Legacy configuration entry to boot GRUB 2 core image
title Ubuntu 14.04 32 - bit ( sda12 ) root ( hd0,11 ) kernel / boot / grub / core.img
Show more
Show more icon
Similarly , you can add an entry to your GRUB 2 configuration file to chain load the GRUB Legacy boot loader .
Update the template file , / etc / grub.d/40_custom , instead of editing the configuration file directly .
Listing 15 shows a typical entry for doing this .
This one is from my Fedora 22 installation .
It sets the root to ( hd0,1 ) , which on my system is a special boot partition that I ’ll discuss shortly .
Listing 15 .
Chain loading GRUB from GRUB 2 using /etc/ grub.d/40_custom
#!/bin/sh exec tail -n +3 $ 0 #
This file provides an easy way to add custom menu entries .
Simply type the # menu entries you want to add after this comment .
Be careful not to change # the ' exec tail ' line above .
menuentry " GRUB - Legacy / dev/sda1 " { insmod chain insmod ext2 set root = ( hd0,1 ) chainloader +1 } Show more Show more icon
After you run grub - mkconfig again , this entry is added to the tail of your configuration file and it shows up last .
You ’ll see these in practice in the in 102 - 2 - bootpart section later in this tutorial .
LILO
For many years , the LInux LOader ( LILO ) was one of the most common Linux boot loaders .
You can install LILO into the MBR of your bootable hard drive or into the partition boot record of a partition .
You can also install it on removable devices such as floppy disks , CDs , or USB keys .
As with GRUB and GRUB 2 , it is a good idea to practice on a floppy disk or USB key if you are not already familiar with LILO .
During Linux installation , you usually specify a boot manager .
If you choose GRUB , then you might not have LILO installed .
If you do not have it installed already , then you need to install the package for it .
You might also want to install the lilo - doc package for additional documentation and more examples .
From this point on , I assume that you already have the LILO package installed .
See the series roadmap for the tutorials on package management if you need help .
You configure LILO using a configuration file , which is usually /etc/lilo.conf .
You can use the liloconfig command ( normally found in /usr / sbin ) to generate a starting configuration file , and then edit it as needed .
The configuration file in Listing 16 was generated in this way .
The file is reasonably well annotated , and the man pages for lilo and lilo .
conf give you more help .
This is a typical LILO configuration file that can be used on a dual - boot system with Windows and one or more Linux systems .
As before , I have broken some long lines for publication .
The breaks are shown with a trailing backslash ( ) .
Listing 16 .
/etc/lilo.conf example
# LILO configuration file # generated by ' liloconfig ' # # Start LILO global section lba32 # Allow booting past 1024th cylinder with a recent BIOS boot = / dev/root # compact # faster , but wo n't work on all systems .
# Boot BMP Image .
# Bitmap in BMP format : 640x480x8 bitmap = /boot/ slack.bmp # Menu colors ( foreground , background , shadow , highlighted # foreground , highlighted background , highlighted shadow ) : bmp-colors =
255,0,255,0,255,0 # Location of the option table : location x , location y , number of # columns , lines per column ( max 15 ) , " spill " ( this is how many # entries must be in the first column before the next begins to # be used .
We do n't specify it here , as there 's just one column .
bmp-table = 60,6,1,16 # Timer location x , timer location y , foreground color , # background color , shadow color .
bmp-timer = 65,27,0,255 # Standard menu . #
Or , you can comment out the bitmap menu above and # use a boot message with the standard menu : #message = /boot/boot_message.txt #
Append any additional kernel parameters : append= " vt.default_utf8=0 " prompt timeout = 300 # VESA framebuffer console @ 640x480x64 k vga = 785 # Normal VGA console #vga = normal #
Ask for video mode at boot ( time out to normal in 30s ) #vga = ask # VESA framebuffer console @ 1024x768x64 k # vga=791 # VESA framebuffer console @ 1024x768x32 k # vga=790 # VESA framebuffer console @ 1024x768x256 # vga=773 # VESA framebuffer console @ 800x600x64 k # vga=788 # VESA framebuffer console @ 800x600x32 k # vga=787 # VESA framebuffer console @ 800x600x256 # vga=771 # VESA framebuffer console @ 640x480x64 k # vga=785 # VESA framebuffer console @ 640x480x32 k # vga=784 # VESA framebuffer console @ 640x480x256 # vga=769 # ramdisk = 0 # paranoia setting # End LILO global section # Linux bootable partition config begins image = / boot / vmlinuz root = / dev/sda6 label =
Slackware read - only # Partitions should be mounted read - only for checking # Linux bootable partition config ends # Linux bootable partition config begins image =
/ mnt/sda11/boot/vmlinuz-2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 root = " UUID=2f60a3b4-ef6c-4d4c-9ef4-50d7f75124a2 " append = " ro rd_NO_LUKS rd_NO_LVM LANG=en_US.UTF -8 rd_NO_MD \ SYSFONT=latarcyrheb-sun16 crashkernel=128M KEYBOARDTYPE=pc \ KEYTABLE=us rd_NO_DM rhgb quiet " initrd = /mnt/sda11/boot/initramfs-2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64.img label = CentOS-vm # Linux bootable partition config ends #
Windows bootable partition config begins other = / dev/sda11 label = CentOS - 6 # Windows bootable partition config ends #
Windows bootable partition config begins other = / dev/sda1 label = GRUB - Legacy # Windows bootable partition config ends
Show more Show more icon
The lilo command sets up LILO using the configuration file that you prepared .
Specify the location for the LILO boot sector with the -b option .
For example , / dev/sda for the MBR of your first hard drive or / dev/sda6 for the sixth partition .
LILO supports many of the boot time capabilities that you have seen with GRUB and GRUB 2 .
Figure 7 shows the boot screen from the configuration file in Listing 16 .
Figure 7 .
Booting with LILO
You now have an introduction to LILO and its configuration file .
You can override some configuration options from the lilo command line .
You can find more information in the lilo man page using the command man lilo or man lilo.conf .
You can find even more extensive information in the PostScript user guide that is installed with the lilo or lilo - doc package .
This should be installed in your documentation directory , but the exact location can vary by system .
Remember that with LILO you must run the lilo command whenever you update the configuration file ( /etc/lilo.conf ) .
You should also run the lilo command if you add , move , or remove partitions or make any other changes that might invalidate the generated boot loader .
Most distributions provide tools for updating the system .
These tools are usually aware of the boot loader in use and often update your configuration file automatically .
If you build your own custom kernel , or prefer to use a configuration file with a non-standard name or location , then you might need to update the configuration file yourself .
If you use GRUB , you can edit the / boot / grub / grub . conf file to make your changes , and the GRUB stage 2 loader reads the file when you reboot .
You do not normally need to reinstall GRUB just because you add a new kernel .
However , if you move a partition , or add drives , you might need to reinstall GRUB .
Remember the stage 1 loader is very small , so it has a list of block addresses for the stage 2 loader .
Move the partition and the addresses change , so that stage 1 can no longer locate stage 2 .
I ’ll cover some recovery strategies and also discuss GRUB ’s stage 1.5 loaders next .
If you use GRUB 2 , you rebuild the GRUB 2 configuration as described in Building the GRUB 2 configuration file .
If you use LILO , then you must run the lilo command whenever you update your configuration file or make changes such as adding a hard drive or deleting a partition .
run the command whenever you update your configuration file or make changes such as adding a hard drive or deleting a partition .
If you run more than one Linux system in different partitions , consider using a boot partition .
Recovery
Now , let ’s look at some things that can go wrong with your carefully prepared boot setup , particularly when you install and boot multiple operating systems .
The first thing to remember is to resist your initial temptation to panic .
Recovery is usually only a few steps away .
The strategies here can help you through many types of crises .
Anyone with physical access to a machine has a lot of power .
Likewise , anyone with access to a GRUB command line also has access to files on your system without the benefit of any ownership or other security provisions provided by a running system .
Keep these points in mind when you select your boot loader .
The choice between LILO , GRUB , or GRUB 2 is largely a matter of personal preference , although GRUB 2 is becoming dominant .
Choose the loader that best suits your particular needs and style of working .
Another install destroys your MBR
You install another operating system and inadvertently overwrite your MBR .
Some systems , such as DOS and Windows , always install their own MBR .
It is usually easy to recover from this situation .
If you develop a habit of creating a recovery floppy , USB flash drive , or CD every time you run lilo , reinstall GRUB , or update GRUB 2 , you are home free .
Boot into your Linux system from the floppy and rerun lilo , grub - install or grub2 - install as appropriate .
If you do n’t happen to have your own recovery media but you still have almost any Linux distribution live or install media available , you can either use the recovery mode of the distribution media or the live media to either repair your broken MBR or to build recovery media as you have done in this tutorial .
You moved a partition
If you moved a partition and forgot about your boot setup , you have a temporary problem .
Typically , LILO or GRUB refuse to load .
LILO will probably print an ‘ L ’ indicating that stage 1 was loaded and then stop .
GRUB will give you an error message .
What has happened here is that the stage 1 loader , which had a list of sectors to load to get to the stage 2 loader , can perhaps load the sectors from the addresses it has , but the sectors no longer have the stage 2 signature .
As for the case of the destroyed MBR , you need to reinstall your boot loader , so either use your recovery CD or a Linux distribution as I described .
You might have noticed that the configuration examples used some Universally Unique IDs ( UUIDs ) for partitions ( for example , the snippet shown in Listing 17 that you saw in Listing 1 .
Listing 17 .
Using a UUID
title CentOS ( 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ) root ( hd0,10 ) kernel / boot / vmlinuz - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64 ro \ root=UUID=2f60a3b4-ef6c-4d4c-9ef4-50d7f75124a2 rd_NO_LUKS rd_NO_LVM \ LANG=en_US.UTF -8 rd_NO_MD SYSFONT=latarcyrheb-sun16 crashkernel=128M \ KEYBOARDTYPE=pc KEYTABLE=us rd_NO_DM rhgb quiet initrd / boot / initramfs - 2.6.32-504.23.4.el6.x86_64.img
Show more
Show more icon
Prior to the advent of UUIDs , MBR partitions could also have a label assigned using the e2label command or a partitioning tool such as gparted .
These also provide a level of independence from partition moves .
I often use UUIDs like this to help avoid problems when I move partitions .
You still need to update the GRUB or LILO configuration file and rerun lilo , but you do n’t have to update / etc / fstab as well .
This is particularly handy if you create a partition image on one system and restore it at a different location on another system .
It ’s also handy if you boot from a drive , such as a USB drive , that might not always be attached at the same location .
You can use the blkid command to display the labels ( if any ) and UUIDs for your disks as shown in Listing 18 .
As you can see , some of my partitions use labels and some do n’t .
Listing 18 .
Displaying labels and UUIDs for partitions
ian@attic - u14:~$ sudo blkid / dev/sda1 : LABEL= " / grubfile " UUID = " 3c3de27e-779a-44d5-ad7a-61c5fd03d9e7 " TYPE = " ext3 " / dev/sda2 : UUID =" 158d605e-2591-4749-bf59-5e92e1b1c01d " TYPE = " swap " / dev/sda3 : UUID = " ff0b87d2-6929-45df-88e1-d6d3e5cf3d6 f " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sda5 : LABEL= " FEDORA22 " UUID =" 7aefe7a0-97d5-45ec-a92e-00a6363fb1e4 " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sda6 : UUID =" 78a8c7de-cb86-45fe-ac04-be67ef52cb12 " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sda7 : LABEL= " FEDORA 18 " UUID = " 1b441a69-63e3-4771-a06b-5efecd1df07e " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sda8 : LABEL= " SUSE13 - 2 " UUID=" 49d87897-791e-4e48-9efb-704eac447e43 " SEC_TYPE = " ext2 " TYPE = " ext3 " / dev/sda9 : UUID =" 10e82894-186f-4223-95c8-3468eb9b085d " SEC_TYPE = " ext2 " TYPE = " ext3 " / dev/sda10 : LABEL= " FEDORA20 - 64 " UUID =" 8e6e2ebd-20b9-46e8-865f-893dd88c3206 " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sda11 : UUID=" 2f60a3b4-ef6c-4d4c-9ef4-50d7f75124a2 " SEC_TYPE = " ext2 " TYPE = " ext3 " / dev/sda12 : LABEL=" UBUNTU -1404 " UUID=" 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sdb1 : LABEL=" GRUB-DATA " UUID=" a36a3539-8393-4940-a893-472e9e1c868e " SEC_TYPE = " ext2 " TYPE = " ext3 " / dev/sdb2 : LABEL= " DATA - IAN " UUID=" 4c962b67-c646-467f-96fb-cbbd6de40140 " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sdb3 : LABEL=" RESEARCH " UUID=" 0998d33c-3398-463d-b0e3-7c13ca0c675f " TYPE = " ext3 " / dev/sdb4 : UUID =" 86ad1df3-fea4-47e5-bfdd-fb09f6c2e64a " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sdc1 : LABEL=" PICTURES " UUID= " e3be4658-b79b-470d-82fe-bb434bcdcc2f " TYPE = " ext4 " / dev/sr0 : LABEL= " ISOIMAGE " TYPE = " iso9660 "
Show more
Show more icon
GRUB 2 nowadays generates configuration files that use the old device names as hints , but the root is actually set based on the UUID ( or label ) .
Consult the GRUB 2 manual for more details .
An example snippet for the Ubuntu 14 system that I built a configuration for earlier is shown in Listing 19 .
After initially setting the root to ‘ hd0 , msdos12 ’ , the logic following uses the search command with some hints to locate the actual location of the root device ( / dev/ sda12 if nothing has changed ) .
Listing 19 .
Locating the root device by UUID using GRUB2
set root='hd0 , msdos12 ' if [ x$feature_platform_search_hint = xy ] ; then search -- no - floppy -- fs- uuid -- set=root --hint-bios=hd0 , msdos12 --hint-efi=hd0,msdos12 \ --hint-baremetal=ahci0,msdos12 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 else search -- no - floppy -- fs-uuid -- set=root 943524cc-19a9-4237-ac9e-5c1a61a131e3 fi
Show more
Show more icon
You saw this in use when you booted from the recovery flash drive earlier .
Remember that the flash drive became ( hd0 ) and the first hard drive became ( hd1 ) .
In addition to the methods and tools mentioned here , there are several recovery and boot packages available on the Internet .
These typically include some level of bootable system along with a number of useful recovery tools .
Examples include packages like Knoppix and the System Rescue CD ( see the resources at the right side for links , or search the Internet for one of many excellent reviews of such packages .
Using a boot partition
Another approach to recovery , or perhaps avoiding it , is to use a separate partition for booting .
As you just saw , GRUB 2 has become much more resilient to system changes .
However for GRUB Legacy and LILO , a boot partition can be particularly useful if you have a test system with several distributions on it that you might rebuild frequently .
The boot partition need not be very large , perhaps 100 MB or so .
Put this partition somewhere where it is unlikely to be moved and where it is unlikely to have its partition number moved by the addition or removal of another partition .
In a mixed Windows and Linux environment , / dev/ sda2 ( or / dev / hd a2 depending on how your disks are labeled ) is often a good choice for your boot partition .
In fact , Listing 1 that you saw earlier shows the entries in the small boot partition ( / dev/sda1 ) that I use on my system .
Although I added an entry for the purpose of this tutorial to directly boot into CentOS , my usual strategy is to keep the entries simple and to use them to chain load another boot loader , or load the GRUB 2 core.img file .
The examples that you saw in the section Grub - to - grub 2 - and - back use this simple strategy .
If you do use entries that directly boot into a particular kernel you need to manually update them whenever you update the target system .
Avoid the extra work when you can .
Figure 8 shows my simple GRUB menu .
Figure 8 . A simple GRUB boot partition menu
For this partition , I use a custom splash image that I made from a photo I took in the Great Sand Dunes National Park in Colorado .
Consult the man pages or search online for more information on making your own splash images .
Figure 9 shows the entry that was added to the end of my Fedora 22 GRUB 2 menu using the /etc / grub.d/40_custom file .
Figure 9 .
Chain loader entry from GRUB from GRUB 2
Another reason for having a boot partition arises when your root partition uses a file system not supported by your boot loader .
For example , it is common to have a / boot partition formatted ext2 or ext3 when the root partition ( / ) uses LVM , which is not supported by GRUB Legacy .
If you have multiple distributions on your system , do not share the / boot partition between them .
Remember to set up LILO or GRUB to boot from the partition that will later be mounted as / boot .
Remember also that the update programs for a distribution usually update the GRUB or LILO configuration for that system .
In an environment with multiple systems , you might want to keep one with its own / boot partition as the main one and manually update that configuration file whenever an update of one of your systems requires it .
Another approach is to have each system install a boot loader into its own partition boot record and have your main system simply chain load the partition boot records for the individual systems , giving you a two - stage menu process like the one I use .
UEFI and GPT considerations
Although this tutorial focuses on MBR formatted drives , many of the concepts still apply to GPT formatted drives .
UEFI firmware is quite different than BIOS and much more capable .
That , of course , brings new challenges .
One of the new capabilities is the notion of secure boot , which only allows signed binaries to boot .
Many UEFI systems still support legacy mode booting , which allows older systems to boot on the hardware .
Windows 8 requires UEFI and secure boot along with GPT formatted disks , so if you want to install alongside Windows 8 or later , you need to know something about UEFI and secure boot .
Some live Linux distributions , such as Ubuntu and Fedora , and their derivatives support booting on a UEFI system with secure boot enabled .
The methods of establishing the chain of trust have been somewhat controversial in the Linux kernel development community .
I ’ll show you how to unpack the Ubuntu 15.04 distribution ISO image onto a USB flash drive so you can explore the setup .
For this exercise , I used a Ubuntu 14 system to format a small USB flash drive as GPT and then created a 2GB partition as shown in Listing 20 .
I formatted the partition as FAT32 because the UEFI firmware needs some files in a FAT32 partition .
Be careful to use the right device ; yours probably will not be / dev/sdf .
Listing 20 .
Preparing a GPT formatted USB flash drive
ian@attic - u14 : ~$ sudo parted / dev/sdf GNU Parted 2.3 Using / dev/sdf Welcome to GNU Parted !
Type ' help ' to view a list of commands .
( parted ) mklabel gpt Warning :
The existing disk label on / dev/ sdf will be destroyed and all data on this disk will be lost .
Do you want to continue ?
Yes / No ? yes ( parted ) mkpart primary fat32 1 MB 2048 MB ( parted ) toggle 1 boot ( parted ) print Model : USB DISK 2.0 ( scsi ) Disk / dev/sdf : 15.5 GB Sector size ( logical / physical ) : 512B/512B Partition Table : gpt Number Start End Size File system Name Flags 1 1049 kB 2048 MB 2047 MB fat32 primary boot ( parted ) quit Information :
You may need to update / etc / fstab .
ian@attic - u14 :~$ sudo mkfs.fat -F 32 /dev/sdf1 mkfs.fat 3.0.26 ( 2014-03-07 )
Show more
Show more icon
Once the flash drive is prepared , you need to mount it .
Then , you need to unpack the Ubuntu 15 ISO image to it .
Listing 21 shows one of many possible ways that you can do this .
Listing 21 .
Unpacking Ubuntu 15 to a live USB image
ian@attic - u14 : ~$ sudo mkdir /mnt/u15iso /mnt/flashdrive ian@attic -u14 :~$ sudo mount ~/ Downloads/ubuntu-15.04-desktop-amd64.iso /mnt/u15iso / - o ro,loop=/dev/loop1 ian@attic -u14 :~$ sudo mount / dev/sdf1 / mnt / flashdrive / ian@attic -u14 :~$ sudo rsync -a - H /mnt/u15iso/ /mnt/flashdrive rsync : symlink " /mnt/flashdrive/ubuntu " -> " . " failed : Operation not permitted ( 1 ) rsync : symlink " /mnt/flashdrive/dists / stable " -> " vivid " failed : Operation not permitted ( 1 ) rsync : symlink " /mnt/flashdrive/dists/unstable " -> " vivid " failed : Operation not permitted ( 1 ) rsync error : some files / attrs were not transferred ( see previous errors ) ( code 23 ) at \ main .
c( 1183 ) [ sender=3.1.0 ] ian@attic - u14 :~$ diff -rq /mnt/u15iso/ /mnt/flashdrive
Only in /mnt/u15iso/dists : stable Only in /mnt/u15iso/dists : unstable Only in / mnt/u15iso / : ubuntu i Show more
Show more icon
Before you unmount the flash drive , look at some files on it .
If you list the root directory , you see two directories , EFI and boot , among other files and directories .
The boot directory is your GRUB 2 boot directory , while the EFI directory is a directory that the UEFI firmware searches for signed binaries to boot .
This is the directory that must have a FAT file system ( or ISO 9660 file system on CD ) .
That ’s why I formatted the partition as FAT32 .
Listing 22 illustrates these files .
You can now unmount and eject the flash drive and try booting it on a system that has both secure boot enabled and legacy boot disabled .
Listing 22 .
Examining the root directory of our flash drive
ian@attic - u14:~$ ls /mnt/ flashdrive / autorun.inf casper EFI isolinux pics preseed wubi.exe boot dists install md5sum.txt pool README.diskdefines ian@attic -u14:~$ ls /mnt/flashdrive/EFI BOOT ian@attic - u14:~$ ls /mnt/flashdrive/EFI/BOOT/ BOOTx64.EFI grubx64.efi ian@attic - u14 :~$ umount / mnt / flashdrive umount : / mnt / flashdrive is not in the fstab ( and you are not root ) ian@attic - u14 : ~ $ sudo umount / mnt / flashdrive ian@attic - u14 : ~ $ sudo eject / dev/sdf i Show more Show more icon
To boot on a Windows 8 system with secure boot and only UEFI boot enabled , you might need to disable fast boot , as this causes reboot from a semi- hibernat3ed mode .
You also need to know how to boot from a device such as a USB flash drive .
One way to accomplish both tasks is to use the Windows Recovery Environment ( see the resources at the right side for more details ) .
One way to access this is to start the power off sequence on your running Windows 8 system and then hold the shift key while clicking Restart .
Figure 10 shows the screen I see on my Lenovo Yoga 2 laptop .
Figure 10 .
Reboot to a USB flash drive in Windows 8.1
After I select
Use a device on my system , the next prompt allows me to choose an EFI USB device .
From a prompt like that you can boot the flash drive you just built .
Once you have booted your Ubuntu system , you can mount the EFI partition of your Windows 8 system and inspect it .
In my case , it ’s / dev/sda2 .
Listing 23 shows the EFI directory on this partition .
Listing 23 .
The Windows 8.1 EFI directory on / dev/sda2
ubuntu@ubuntu : ~$ sudo mkdir / mnt/sda2 ubuntu@ubuntu :~$ sudo mount / dev/sda2 /mnt/sda2/ ubuntu@ubuntu :~$ ls /mnt/sda2 BOM .BAT BOOT EFI ubuntu@ubuntu : ~$ ls /mnt/sda2/EFI/ Boot Microsoft ubuntu@ubuntu : ~$ ls /mnt/sda2/EFI/Boot/ bootx64.efi
Show more
Show more icon
Again , you find a bootx64.efi executable where the UEFI firmware knows to look for it .
Summary
You have now learned about the main boot loaders for traditional Linux systems , including how to recover from mistakes and boot problems .
You have also had a brief introduction to UEFI booting and boot issues .
Editor 's note : Annabel Park is a founder of Coffee Party USA and a documentary filmmaker whose feature film , " 9500 Liberty , " is playing at film festivals and awaiting release .
She is working on her second feature film , " 2010 Okinawa , " about the controversy over U.S. military bases in Okinawa , Japan .
Washington ( CNN ) --
" Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us .
The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a president and senators and congressmen and government officials , but the voters of this country . " -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
When I began the Facebook fan page " Join the Coffee Party Movement , " I had no idea what would transpire .
It was about 1:30 a.m. January 26 , and I was very frustrated with the endless news coverage about the Tea Party and the growing narrative that it represented America .
I was driven by a question , a curiosity :
If I build it , will they come ?
Would anyone respond to my call for civility in our political discourse and cooperation in government ?
First they came virtually .
More than 155,000 joined the fan page in less than six weeks .
But were they real people ?
Inside a town hall meeting room in Haymarket , Virginia , last Saturday morning , and then at The Potter 's House in Washington that afternoon , I had an answer to my questions .
In Haymarket , two dozen people came , ten of them veterans .
In Washington , a hundred people came .
In all , we had reports of more than 350 events held for " National Coffee Party Day " in at least 44 states ; even Americans living abroad gathered in Italy , Panama and Indonesia .
People from all walks of life and all political dispositions sat together as fellow Americans to discuss their concerns about our politics : accountability , corporate influence , health care reform , education reform , the economy , immigration reform , filibusters , etc .
There was a generally shared anxiety for many that corporations were gaming the political process .
There was passion and excitement about what the Coffee Party could become politically and personally .
Here was a chance for people to have a voice in our government and hope in our future .
In just a few weeks , the Facebook page had become a town square where people could meet , talk , learn , engage , share , serve and be part of a community .
All day Saturday , messages and reports were sent directly to Coffee Party organizers and left on the Facebook fan page from across the country , " The event exceeded my expectations ... I was expecting 20 people and a hundred showed up ...
We can't wait to meet again ...
It was amazing .
I was surprised that we were able to sit and have a civil conversation with a Tea Party member ... I do n't feel alone now ... "
What is going on ?
It seems to me that the Coffee Party members are a silent and extremely frustrated majority only too happy to find one another .
Over the course of many years , Americans have grown accustomed to thinking of two - party politics as a kind of a zero - sum game .
If one team wins , the other team loses .
The game framework encourages many Americans to be spectators passively watching professional politicians go at each other .
Furthermore , it invites people to " game " the process to advance their personal or partisan agendas .
In Washington , recently the tactics have become so vicious that the game looks more like Ultimate Fighting .
This is not acceptable .
The game framework is not an intrinsic quality of democracy .
In fact , it is inconsistent with the basic tenets of democracy .
Democracy presupposes a community of people deliberating , through their elected representatives , to advance the common good -- a method of collective decision - making .
When we regard politics as a game , we all lose .
Because when it comes down to it , politics is about all of our futures .
In America , we have a democracy , but with vulnerabilities and loopholes .
One loophole is that the most active and organized constituents have disproportionate influence over our government .
For instance , corporations can afford to pay thousands of lobbyists to work full - time at doing this .
This gives them a disproportionate influence over our government and presents a serious challenge to democracy in America .
This is really at the root of our discontent : our government 's relationship to corporate America and this special interest seems altogether unconstitutional .
As the Constitution dictates , we want a government of the people , by the people , for the people .
Coffee Party USA is a democracy movement , and our goal is to have the government truly reflect the will of the people .
How do we restore the primacy of ordinary people in our government ?
We can find immediate institutional solutions -- for example , changing Senate rules and procedures that impede government , countering misinformation and promoting campaign finance reform and term limits .
There is a profound relationship problem between the government and the people that it serves .
Many Americans feel alienated from the corrupted political process , the dysfunction of the government and the seeming polarization of our society .
The health care debate and the spectacle of the August town halls laid open all that alienation and despair .
Since August , many of us chose to cocoon in our homes , growing more frustrated and outraged over our diseased political system .
This is a terrible state of affairs because the public 's disengagement from politics is the greatest threat to a democracy .
We are proposing to address this threat , to practice democracy at the local level and create a home in the public sphere .
What better place than a neighborhood coffee shop to create that home ?
There are three steps to this model of participatory democracy .
The first step is creating a public space for open and civil dialogue .
The second step is collective deliberation , considering facts and values to arrive at a decision .
The third step is working toward implementing the decision .
We will practice all three steps as a community , pledging to be civil to each other .
Our next national event is the " Coffee Summit " on the weekend of March 27 , coming to a coffee shop near you -- followed by " Coffee With Congress " during the April congressional recess .
We will be asking our representatives to sit down with us over coffee .
You are all invited to join us .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Annabel Park .
This article tells the story of how " British Petroleum " was re-branded BP , along with its PR tag line , " Beyond Petroleum . "
For more information about BP and the Deep Horizon disaster , please go to BP .
In late July 2000 , BP launched a massive $ 200 million public relations and advertising campaign , introducing the company with a new slogan - " Beyond Petroleum " - and a green and yellow sun as its logo .
The campaign was handled by Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , one of the major advertising companies that also owns a slew of PR companies . [ 1 ]
Around the world the company took out full - page colour advertisements in major magazines .
Ogilvy and BP later won the PRWeek 2001 " Campaign of the Year " award in the ' product brand development ' . [ 2 ]
One of the advertisements run in the International Herald Tribune in November 2000 stated " Beyond ... - means being a global leader in producing the cleanest burning fossil fuel .
Natural Gas ; means being the first company to introduce cleaner burning fuels to many of the world 's most polluted cities ; means being the largest producer of solar energy in the world ; means starting a journey that will take a world 's expectations of energy beyond what anyone can see today . " [ 3 ]
In a column for CorpWatch , researcher Kenny Bruno dissected the advertisement .
" BP 's re-branding as the " Beyond Petroleum " company is perhaps the ultimate co-optation of environmentalists ' language and message .
Even apart from the twisting of language , BP 's suggestion that producing more natural gas is somehow akin to global leadership is preposterous .
Make that Beyond Preposterous , " he wrote .
While noting that BP was indeed the largest producer of solar energy , Bruno pointed out that was achieved by spending $ 45 million in 1999 to buy Solarex which was dwarfed by the $ 26.5 billion it spent to buy ARCO to expand its oil portfolio .
As for the claim that BP was starting a journey that would reshape public energy expectations , Bruno was scathing : " Pretentious stuff for a company serving mainly oil and gas , with just a sliver of solar on the side .
Make that Beyond Pretentious . " [ 4 ]
The re-branding - undertaken in the wake of major controversies in Europe over Shell 's role in Nigeria and its ill - fated attempt to dump the disused Brent Spar oil platform in the ocean - was aimed at differentiating BP from its rivals .
Associate creative director with Ogilvy on the campaign , Michael Kaye , told the New York Times the campaign was aiming to communicate " BP can be a friend -- listening to consumers , speaking in a human voice . " [ 5 ]
One of BP's PR advisers was Peter Sandman . [ 6 ]
While its is unknown whether he specifically advised BP on their rebranding project , non - the - less described it at an Australian mining industry conference as an example of a company adopting the persona of being a " reformed sinner " .
Sandman told his audience that this " works quite well if you can sell it .
. . .
' Reformed sinner , ' by the way , is what John Brown of BP has successfully done for his organization .
It is arguably what Shell has done with respect to Brent Spar .
Those are two huge oil companies that have done a very good job of saying to themselves , ' Everyone thinks we are bad guys .
. . .
We can't just start out announcing we are good guys , so what we have to announce is we have finally realised we were bad guys and we are going to be better .' . . .
It makes it much easier for critics and the public to buy into the image of the industry as good guys after you have spent awhile in purgatory . " [ 7 ]
With raised expectations about corporate behavior -- and especially oil companies - BP 's move not only sought to distance itself from its more notorious European counterparts but the brasher American oil companies - such as Exxon -- which was fiercely opposing moves to curb greenhouse gas emissions .
Group vice president for marketing for BP , Anna Catalano , told the New York Times that BP is " the company that goes beyond what you expect from an oil company -- frank , open , honest and unapologetic . "
BP also sought to cultivate ' moderate ' environmental groups in a series of ' partnerships ' with groups like the National Wildlife Federation . [ 8 ]
( See the BP and the National Wildlife Federation case study ) .
However , the trap for companies such as BP is that big - spending promotional campaigns often raise expectations that the organisation is incapable of meeting .
Where corporate PR is often adept at explaining away infringements or accidents to human error or failed equipment , considered corporate policy which is at odds with public expectations is harder to explain away .
BP 's corporate re-branding was subject to skeptical review amongst activists and some maintream media .
In Fortune magazine , Cait Murphy , cuttingly wrote of BP 's billboards touting its involvement in renewable energy " here 's a novel advertising strategy -- pitch your least important product and ignore your most important one ...
If the world 's second - largest oil company is beyond petroleum , Fortune is beyond words , " she wrote . [ 9 ]
One of BP 's regional presidents , Bob Malone , told Murphy " the oil business has a negative reputation ...
We are trying to say that there are different kinds of oil companies . "
" As for being ' beyond petroleum ' ...
Malone concedes that BP is decades away .
Somehow that did n't make the billboard , " she wrote .
Pressure groups accuse BP of splashing out more on advertising its environmental friendliness than on environmental actions [ 10 ] :
BP launches new greenwashing initiative ( see The Times , 24 December , 2004 ) , while simultaneously calling for a big increase in CO2 levels ( 500 p pm - 550 p pm ) :
" Based on current scientific opinion , we believe that it ’s realistic to promote actions designed to stabilize carbon dioxide concentrations at around 500 - 550 ppm ... "
BP Online
In March 2007 , the Australian reported that " Internal documents have revealed that BP successfully lobbied against tighter environmental controls by regulators in Texas , saving $ US150 million in monitoring and equipment upgrades before the 2005 fatal refinery explosion . " [ 11 ]
Rebranding did not change many underlying BP activities
While BP 's rebranding program may have reassured some of its critics , others remained unpersuaded .
At its annual general meeting in April 2001 , BP was challenged about its interests in projects spanning from Tibet , the Sudan and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
A resolution urging BP to disinvest from its shareholding in Beijing - controlled PetroChina - which plans an oil pipeline through Tibet - was opposed by the company , gaining support from only 5 % of shares voted at the meeting .
Speaking in support of the resolution , Stephen Kretzmann , from the International Campaign for Tibet , suggested that BP 's slogan " Beyond Petroleum " should be changed to " Beijing 's Partners " or " Backing Persecution " .
According to a report in The Guardian , he accused BP of " utilising every arcane and legalistic tool to stifle debate on the matter " .
BP 's chairman , Peter Sutherland , dismissed the concerns .
" Disinvesting from PetroChina means , in reality , departing from China , which would be a mistake , and would be wrong , " he told shareholders . [ 12 ]
Another resolution proposing that the company do more about climate change was also opposed by the board and defeated , gaining support from 7.5 % of proxy voters .
Sutherland told the meeting " there have been calls for BP to phase out the sale of fossil fuels .
We cannot accept this , and there 's no point pretending we can . "
While as part of its rebranding program the company has touted its ' ethics ' policies , one shareholder activist attending the meeting challenged the directors to nominate a country which the company had decided to avoid because of human rights abuses .
" After a long pause its chief executive , Sir John Browne , said it would be ' uncivil and inappropriate ' to mention any no - go nations , " The Guardian reported .
BP 's business ethics were also challenged when in June 2001 the London newspaper , The Sunday Times , revealed that both BP and Shell acknowledged that they hired a private intelligence company with close ties to the British spy agency , MI6 , to collect information on campaigns by Greenpeace and the Body Shop .
The newspaper revealed that German - born Manfred Schlickenrieder was hired by Hakluyt , a private intelligence agency , to report on Greenpeace campaigns against oil developments in the north Atlantic .
Schlickenrieder posed as a film maker working on films sympathetic to activist groups .
According to The Sunday Times , the former deputy chairman of BP , Sir Peter Cazalet , helped to establish Hakluyt and former chairman of Shell , Sir Peter Holmes , is president of its foundation .
In May 1997 the head of Hakluyt , Mike Reynolds , asked Schlickenrieder whether Greenpeace was planning to shield its financial assets from court orders in the event of it being sued by an oil company .
Two months later , Greenpeace occupied the BP oil rig , the Stena Dee , in the Atlantic .
BP sued Greenpeace for £ 1.4 million in damages and succeeded in gaining an injunction freezing the group 's bank accounts while the occupation lasted .
After police evicted Greenpeace campaigners from the rig BP dropped its legal action and the freeze on the bank accounts was lifted . [ 13 ]
" BP countered the campaign in an unusually fast and smart way , " Greenpeace Germany spokesperson Stefan Krug told the German daily Die Tageszeitung .
As Eveline Lubbers noted in PR
Watch , " since BP knew what was coming in advance , it was never taken by surprise . " [ 14 ]
In other areas though , BP has made some concessions to public pressure .
In early 2002 the company Lord Browne , who was then company chairman , announced that it would no longer make donations to political parties anywhere in the world .
In a speech to the Royal Institute of International Affairs , Browne , said " we have to remember that however large our turnover might be , we still have no democratic legitimacy anywhere in the world …
We 've decided , as a global policy , that from now on we will make no political contributions from corporate funds anywhere in the world " . [ 15 ]
Yet , in 2008 , BP spent over half a million dollars on its US Political Action Committee .
( See BP . )
BP stated that it will continue to participate in industry lobbying campaigns and the funding of think - tanks .
" We will engage in the policy debate , stating our views and encouraging the development of ideas - but we wo n't fund any political activity or any political party , " he said .
In response to a question , Browne said that over the long term donations to political parties were not effective .
In August 2007 , Advertising Age reported that BP had received " a permit from the state of Indiana to dump more toxic discharges from its Whiting , Ind. , refinery into Lake Michigan . "
The permit , " which allows BP to dump 54 % more ammonia and 35 % more suspended solids " in the Great Lake , has " enraged " Chicago officials and " raised the specter of consumer boycotts . "
Chicago 's chief environmental officer remarked , " We 'd like to have [ BP ] live up to their advertising . " [ 16 ]
AdAge called BP 's move " the cardinal sin of touting an environmentally conscious image in marketing -- the central focus of BP 's advertising for the past several years -- and failing to live up to the message . "
A company spokesman said BP had " started advertising in regional newspapers ... to clear up misconceptions about the issue . " [ 17 ]
BP later pledged it would n't increase its dumping into Lake Michigan .
The pressure on the company was such that " Bob Malone , chairman of BP America , flew to Chicago to deliver the news personally to Mayor Richard Daley , one of several politicians who said the company 's initial plans were unacceptable to the public , " reported the Chicago Tribune . [ 18 ]
In late 2007 , BP also decided " to invest in the world 's dirtiest oil production in Canada 's tar sands , " reported The Guardian .
BP 's investment in " the Alberta tar sands , which are said to be five times more energy - intensive to extract compared to traditional oil , " prompted Greenpeace Canada to accuse the company of " the biggest environmental crime in history . " [ 1 ]
( For more on BP and tar sands , see BP and Tar Sands controversy .
BP 's former chief executive , John Browne " had said BP would not follow Shell into tar sands as he established an alternative energy division and pledged to take the group ' beyond petroleum . '
The new boss , Tony Hayward , has pointed the corporate supertanker in a new direction although his public relations minders insist BP remains committed to exploring the potential of renewables , " concluded The Guardian . [ 1 ]
Despite this pledge , BP Solar has recently cut over six hundred of jobs from its manufacturing division , in what it claims is a " cost - saving move . " [ 19 ]
Articles and resources
Related SourceWatch articles
References
External resources
Oil giant BP PLC told congressional investigators that a decision to continue work on an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico after a test warned that something was wrong may have been a " fundamental mistake , " according to a memo released by two lawmakers Tuesday .
The document describes a wide array of mistakes in the fateful final hours aboard the Deepwater Horizon — but the main revelation is that BP now says there was a clear warning sign of a " very large abnormality " in the well , ...
Formula
One , last seen in the US when Lewis Hamilton won in Indianapolis at its final race in 2007 , may be set for a return to that country after plans for a grand prix in Jersey City emerged today .
A proposal for races to be held in the 1,200 - acre Liberty State Park from 2012 has been put together by the director of tourism for Destination Jersey City , with the possibility of it being turned into a night event , according to Autosport magazine .
The plans for the Jersey City grand prix come a few weeks after fresh speculation that Indianapolis was poised to get F1 back , with Tony George , the former head of the city 's Motor Speedway track , present at the Chinese grand prix to discuss ideas .
" With the incredible backdrop of the New York City skyline , selecting Jersey City for the 2012 grand prix auto race circuit will not only boost ticket sales as the grand prix returns to the US , but will [ provide ] striking television footage , " reads an outline proposal for the event .
" To maximise the dramatic effect , Jersey City could possibly follow in Singapore 's footsteps by holding the finals at night . "
A provisional 3.6 - mile track layout has already been prepared and it is understood that organisers are seeking a five - year deal .
They are also eager that the race be known as the Jersey City grand prix .
But while the invitation may be well received by F1's organisers , who are keen for the sport to have a presence in the US , the local advocacy group Friends of Liberty State Park has already lodged a protest with Jersey City 's mayor , Jerramiah Healy .
" Once you have a track there , and especially with the state 's finances , there would be such pressure on the state to have regular car racing there , " said Sam Pesin , the president of the Friends ' board of trustees .
" You 'd end up having the name changed from Liberty State Park to Liberty Race Track . "
Meanwhile , Ferrari 's president , Luca di Montezemolo , has dismissed as " ridiculous " claims his team 's cars carry subliminal tobacco advertising .
John Britton , a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and director of its tobacco advisory group , suggested last week that a barcode on this year 's Ferraris resembled the bottom half of a packet of Marlboro cigarettes , and that it was " creeping branding " .
Tobacco advertising has been banned in Formula One since 2005 , yet the British and Spanish governments have been urged to ascertain whether Ferrari and Philip Morris are in breach of EU laws .
" Frankly , I find this argument completely pointless , " Di Montezemolo said .
" It is verging on the ridiculous to claim that the colour red or a graphic design which shows a barcode could induce people to smoke .
" At a time when , on the other side of the Atlantic they are fighting to provide a more equal health service , in the old continent of Europe , so - called experts are racking their brains to come up with theories that have no scientific basis .
" I think there are more important matters to think about than a barcode .
Therefore , it 's best not to waste any more time replying to this sort of nonsense , or to those who are instrumental in wanting to stoke up the story . "
in this variation the dots are arranged as multiples of the fundamental frequency 55hz
when multiple dots hit at the same time , they combine to form buzzier sounds
music generated using my own syd synthesis software
The number then passed to Bulgarian mafia boss , Konstantin Dimitrov , who was gunned down in 2003 by a lone assassin in the Netherlands during a trip to inspect his £ 500 million drug smuggling empire .
Image caption Galaxy - 15 is slowly drifting eastwards
Two spacecraft are about to begin an unusual orbital dance above the Pacific Ocean to try to evade the interference from a third , failed satellite .
Control was lost of Intelsat 's Galaxy - 15 platform in April .
It will not take commands from the ground and is in a drift towards neighbouring spacecraft .
The nearest , AMC - 11 , will now be eased out of its path , and some of its TV channels moved to a partner platform .
The pair 's operator , SES World Skies , says customers should be unaffected .
The intricacy of the space choreography that is about to take place is thought to be unprecedented in the commercial telecommunications sector .
" We have to do slight manoeuvres with our spacecraft pretty regularly , but a manoeuvre of this nature and complexity - no , I 'm not aware of anyone having done this before , " said Alan Young , chief technology officer with SES World Skies .
" We need to make sure Americans can continue to watch their television .
They love their TV and it 's important , " he told BBC News .
' Zombie ' nickname
Galaxy - 15 was launched in 2005 to re-distribute TV services to cable companies across North and Central America , and also to send navigation data to aeroplanes to improve the accuracy of their GPS receivers .
On 5 April , it experienced a major fault and its services were switched to a back - up spacecraft .
Engineers have not yet established the cause , but damage from a solar storm is one possibility being investigated .
Although Intelsat cannot talk to Galaxy - 15 , its electronics payload remains fully functional , and it is capable of re-transmitting on full power any signal it receives .
This means that if Galaxy - 15 were to get too close to other telecommunications spacecraft , it could start re-transmitting their signals and seriously interfering with their services .
This " dead - but - alive " condition has earned the Intelsat platform the unfortunate nick - name of " zombie - sat " in some quarters .
Normally positioned at 133 degrees West , and some 36,000 km above the Pacific , the satellite is now drifting east into the slot occupied by AMC - 11 , a satellite operated by competitor SES World Skies .
To ensure its TV customers experience no loss or degradation of service , SES plans on Tuesday to initiate a drift in AMC - 11 to match that of Galaxy - 15 .
It has also already commanded a second satellite , SES - 1 , to come in behind the damaged platform .
Services will then be juggled between the two SES satellites until Galaxy - 15 passes through the orbital slot and AMC - 11 can return to its normal position and duties .
" We 've moved customers on AMC - 11 on to a very large uplink antenna , " explained Mr Young .
" This means we can very finely discriminate between the two spacecraft so that we can direct all of the energy into AMC - 11 and as little energy as possible into Galaxy - 15 .
If you do n't put anything into Galaxy - 15 , you wo n't get anything out . "
Intelsat told BBC
News its engineers would continue to try to regain control of Galaxy - 15 , whilst co-operating fully with other operators to minimise disruption .
Collisions with other satellites are highly unlikely .
As it passes through other orbital slots , Galaxy - 15 should still be separated from nearby spacecraft by many kilometres .
Ultimately , it is expected that the Intelsat platform will lose the ability to point its solar panels at the Sun and experience total power failure .
This could take some months .
It should end its days in one of the gravity " sweetspots " , or libration points , where orbital debris has a tendency to aggregate .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
1951 : Jay Forrester files a patent application for the matrix core memory .
Back when computers still weighed hundreds of pounds and were primarily used by the military , computer memory relied on cathode rays to retrieve information .
But the Navy needed a faster computer that could run flight simulations in real time .
In stepped a team at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Led by professor Jay Forrester , the researchers developed a three - dimensional magnetic structure code - named Project Whirlwind .
The structure consisted of a plane made of wires and magnetic rings called cores .
Each ring contained one bit of data .
Every bit on the memory plane could be accessed with a single read - and - write cycle .
In short , magnetic core memory was the first random access memory that was practical , reliable and relatively high - speed .
The time it took to request and retrieve information from memory was a microsecond — hundreds of thousands of times slower than memory today , but nonetheless a magnificent achievement in the 1950s .
" When we were working on this , in a million years we could n't imagine what would happen with memory , " said Bernard Widrow , who worked on Project Whirlwind with Forrester , in a 2009 interview with Edison Tech Center .
Forrester applied for a patent on his invention May 11 , 1951 .
Project Whirlwind stayed active until 1959 , though the technology was never used for a flight simulator .
Source : Today in Technology History ; Edison Tech Center
Photo : Magnetic core memory removed from an Olympia 15 - digit Nixie calculator .
Synx508 / Flickr
See Also :
When Viewpoint magazine asked design firm BaseNow “ If you could redesign any brand , which would it be ? ” they arrived at an answer quickly and unanimously : NASA .
Base ’s view is that NASA ’s traditional “ meatball ” logo is n’t bad , exactly , it ’s just that “ what looks futuristic today looks passe tomorrow .
And of course tomorrow comes faster today than it did yesterday . ”
We can see their point , after all , who knows today that the red chevron in the logo represents the shape of planned hypersonic airplane wings in 1959 ?
But we ’re still not sure if we like their replacement .
Their design is just so… plain .
Though not without the possibility of embellishment :
Base intended the letters to be somewhat difficult to parse :
We also wanted to de-emphasize the name in the logo to create more of a symbol that would be universally understood .
So we eclipse [ sic ] the name with a giant sphere , which could be Earth or any other planet .
In this way , we do n’t get rid of the “ meatball ” ; it ’s still there , you just do n’t see it .
Hm .
This astronaut still looks as if there ’s a fold of his suit obscuring the logo .
We have to admit , though .
It looks like a really cool alien language when you flip it upside down .
( via Notcot.org . )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
This is a catalog of things UNIX - like / POSIX - compliant operating systems can do atomically , making them useful as building blocks for thread - safe and multi-process - safe programs without mutexes or read / write locks .
The list is by no means exhaustive and I expect it to be updated frequently for the foreseeable future .
The philosophy here is to let the kernel do as much work as possible .
At my most pessimistic , I trust the kernel developers more than a trust myself .
More practically , it ’s stupid to spend CPU time locking around an operation that ’s already atomic .
Added 2010 - 01-07 .
Operating on a pathname
The operations below are best left to local filesystems .
More than a few people have written in crying foul if any of these techniques are used on an NFS mount .
True .
When there are multiple kernels involved , the kernel can’t very well take care of all the locking for us .
Added 2010 - 01 -06 .
mv - T < oldsymlink > < newsymlink > atomically changes the target of < newsymlink > to the directory pointed to by < oldsymlink > and is indispensable when deploying new code .
Updated 2010 - 01 - 06 : both operands are symlinks .
( So this is n’t a system call , it ’s still useful . )
A reader pointed out that ln - Tfs < directory > < symlink > accomplishes the same thing without the second symlink .
Added 2010 - 01 -06 .
Deleted 2010 - 01-06 : strace ( 1 ) shows that ln - Tfs < directory > < symlink > actually calls symlink ( 2 ) , unlink ( 2 ) , and symlink ( 2 ) once more , disqualifying it from this page .
mv - T < oldsymlink > < newsymlink > ends up calling rename ( 2 ) which can atomically replace < newsymlink > .
Caveat 2013 -01 -07 : this does not apply to Mac OS X , whose mv( 1 ) does n’t call rename ( 2 ) . mv ( 1 ) .
atomically changes the target of to the directory pointed to by and is indispensable when deploying new code .
Updated 2010 - 01 - 06 : both operands are symlinks .
( So this is n’t a system call , it ’s still useful . )
Deleted 2010 - 01 - 06 : shows that actually calls , , and once more , disqualifying it from this page .
ends up calling which can atomically replace .
Caveat 2013 -01 -07 : this does not apply to Mac OS X , whose does n’t call . . link ( oldpath , newpath ) creates a new hard link called newpath pointing to the same inode as oldpath and increases the link count by one .
This will fail with the error code EEXIST if newpath already exists , making this a useful mechanism for locking a file amongst threads or processes that can all agree upon the name newpath .
I prefer this technique for whole - file locking because the lock is visible to ls ( 1 ) . link ( 2 ) .
creates a new hard link called pointing to the same inode as and increases the link count by one .
This will fail with the error code if already exists , making this a useful mechanism for locking a file amongst threads or processes that can all agree upon the name .
I prefer this technique for whole - file locking because the lock is visible to . . symlink ( oldpath , newpath ) operates very much like link ( 2 ) but creates a symbolic link at a new inode rather than a hard link to the same inode .
Symbolic links can point to directories , which hard links cannot , making them a perfect analogy to link ( 2 ) when locking entire directories .
This will fail with the error code EEXIST if newpath already exists , making this a perfect analogy to link ( 2 ) that works for directories , too .
Be careful of symbolic links whose target inode has been removed ( " dangling " symbolic links ) — open ( 2 ) will fail with the error code ENOENT .
It should be mentioned that inodes are a finite resource ( this particular machine has 1,245,184 inodes ) . symlink ( 2 ) .
Added 2010 -01-07
operates very much like but creates a symbolic link at a new inode rather than a hard link to the same inode .
Symbolic links can point to directories , which hard links cannot , making them a perfect analogy to when locking entire directories .
This will fail with the error code if already exists , making this a perfect analogy to that works for directories , too .
Be careful of symbolic links whose target inode has been removed ( " dangling " symbolic links ) — will fail with the error code .
It should be mentioned that inodes are a finite resource ( this particular machine has 1,245,184 inodes ) . .
Added 2010 - 01-07 rename ( oldpath , newpath ) can change a pathname atomically , provided oldpath and newpath are on the same filesystem .
This will fail with the error code ENOENT if oldpath does not exist , enabling interprocess locking much like link ( oldpath , newpath ) above .
I find this technique more natural when the files in question will be unlink ed later . rename ( 2 ) .
can change a pathname atomically , provided and are on the same filesystem .
This will fail with the error code if does not exist , enabling interprocess locking much like above .
I find this technique more natural when the files in question will be ed later .
. open ( pathname , O_CREAT | O_EXCL , 0644 ) creates and opens a new file .
( Do n’t forget to set the mode in the third argument ! )
O_EXCL instructs this to fail with the error code EEXIST if pathname exists .
This is a useful way to decide which process should handle a task : whoever successfully creates the file . open ( 2 ) .
creates and opens a new file .
( Do n’t forget to set the mode in the third argument ! ) instructs this to fail with the error code if exists .
This is a useful way to decide which process should handle a task : whoever successfully creates the file .
. mkdir( dirname , 0755 ) creates a new directory but fails with the error code EEXIST if dirname exists .
This provides for directories the same mechanism link ( 2 ) open ( 2 ) with O_EXCL provides for files .
mkdir( 2 ) .
Added 2010 -01-06 ; edited 2013-01-07 .
Operating on a file descriptor
fcntl ( fd , F_GETLK , &lock ) , fcntl ( fd , F_SETLK , &lock ) , and fcntl ( fd , F_SETLKW , &lock ) allow cooperating processes to lock regions of a file to serialize their access .
lock is of type struct flock and describes the type of lock and the region being locked .
F_SETLKW is particularly useful as it blocks the calling process until the lock is acquired .
There is a “ mandatory locking ” mode but Linux ’s implementation is unreliable as it ’s subject to a race condition .
fcntl ( 2 ) .
, , and allow cooperating processes to lock regions of a file to serialize their access .
is of type and describes the type of lock and the region being locked .
is particularly useful as it blocks the calling process until the lock is acquired .
There is a “ mandatory locking ” mode but Linux ’s implementation is unreliable as it ’s subject to a race condition .
. fcntl( fd , F_GETLEASE ) and fcntl ( fd , F_SETLEASE , lease ) ask the kernel to notify the calling process with SIGIO when another process open s or truncate s the file referred to by fd .
When that signals arrives , the lease needs to be removed by fcntl ( fd , F_SETLEASE , F_UNLCK ) .
fcntl ( fd , F_NOTIFY , arg ) is similar but does n’t block other processes , so it is n’t useful for synchronization .
fcntl ( 2 ) .
and ask the kernel to notify the calling process with when another process s or s the file referred to by .
When that signals arrives , the lease needs to be removed by .
is similar but does n’t block other processes , so it is n’t useful for synchronization .
. mmap(0 , length , PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE , MAP_SHARED , fd , 0 ) returns a pointer from which a file ’s contents can be read and written by normal memory operations .
By making frequent use of msync ( addr , length , MS_INVALIDATE ) , data written in this manner can be shared between processes that both map the same file .
mmap ( 2 ) , msync( 2 ) .
Operating on virtual memory
__sync_fetch_and_add , __sync_add_and_fetch , __sync_val_compare_and_swap , and friends provide a full barrier so “ no memory operand will be moved across the operation , either forward or backward . ”
These operations are the basis for most ( all ? ) lock - free algorithms .
GCC Atomic Builtins .
Something I should add to my repertoire ?
Race condition ?
Let me know at r@rcrowley.org or @rcrowley and I ’ll fix it .
Police say three people have been charged with drink - driving in the same car in Alice Springs overnight .
Just after 4 am police stopped the vehicle and say a 25 - year - old man was arrested for high - range drink - driving and a range of other driving offences .
Within 10 minutes , police stopped the vehicle again and charged a 31 - year - old woman after she was over the alcohol limit .
Again within a ten minute period , police found the car back on the road and a 30 - year - old man was charged with drink - driving and providing a false name .
They were among seven people charged with drink - driving in Alice Springs overnight .
Federal antitrust regulators may be able to build a case against Apple Inc. over its iTunes business because the company has a dominant share of the U.S. music download market , an antitrust lawyer said today .
The U.S. Department of Justice is reportedly in the early stages of an investigation into Apple 's business practices , in part because of a complaint that the company pressured music labels to pull support of Amazon.com Inc. 's " MP3 Daily Deal , " a promotion in which the online retailer received exclusive access to new tracks .
Apple has an estimated 70 % share of the U.S. retail digital music download market -- that 's a significantly larger share than those of Amazon or Wal - Mart , which each account for 12 % of all sales .
And the size of Apple 's share matters to the government , said Hillard Sterling , an antitrust attorney at Chicago - based law firm Freeborn & Peters LLP .
" This has much stronger promise than the mobile device case because Apple 's market share in digital music is much more attractive to government regulators , " said Sterling , referring to reports earlier this month that officials at the DOJ and the Federal Trade Commission are also looking into Apple 's ban of third - party development tools for creating iPhone software .
" The DOJ seems to be sniffing around for a stronger foundation for an antitrust case , " Sterling said .
" And 70 % is sufficient market share to raise the specter of a monopoly .
It 's a strong indicator to the government . "
However , there 's noting unlawful about having a monopoly , Sterling continued .
What may be illegal is how a monopolist uses or abuses that position of strength .
" The next , more difficult step for the government would be to show an abuse of that power , " said Sterling .
" [ The DOJ ] has to show that a monopolist 's conduct is truly anticompetitive .
The big question is whether consumers are facing fewer choices or higher prices because of Apple 's behavior . "
It 's no coincidence that reports of two DOJ probes of Apple have surfaced so closely together , Sterling said .
" The reality is that there is n't a lot of antitrust for the government to seize on right now , but the department wants to show that this administration is tougher and more activist in the antitrust arena than the previous , " he said .
And like everyone , the DOJ wants to find a battle it believes it has a good shot at winning .
" Few companies have the dominant share and control of their respective markets like Apple has of music , " Sterling argued .
" They want to shoot the biggest fish in the smallest barrel . "
But just because Apple is in the DOJ 's sights does n't mean it will go down .
If federal regulators do push their inquiry to a formal investigation , Apple could make concessions .
" There 's plenty of room for Apple to negotiate a resolution long before this reaches a courtroom , " said Sterling .
" These types of disputes usually end with companies agreeing to modify their business practices . "
If Apple stuck it out , it could face not just a flood of piggyback lawsuits , but a very long , very expensive legal war with the government .
" Apple is one of the few companies that could take on this battle , but it would be incredibly expensive and distracting , " Sterling said .
For example , Microsoft 's antitrust case began in 1991 with an inquiry by the FTC , but it did n't go to trial until 1998 and was only settled in 2004 when a U.S. appeals court approved a deal the company had struck with the federal and several state governments .
Microsoft remains under judicial oversight .
" Apple would clearly prefer not to saddle itself with that if a deal was palatable , " said Sterling .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Waco CG - 4A Glider U.S. Designation : CG - 4A
British Designation : Hadrian Waco CG - 4A at U.S. Air Force Museum .
( U.S. Air Force Photo ) Waco CG - 4A Glider landing .
( U.S. Air Force Photo ) Waco CG - 4A Glider Interior .
( U.S. Signal Corps Photo ) Cockpit of the Waco CG - 4A .
( U.S. Air Force Photo ) CG - 4A Glider Specifications Crew 2 ( pilot and co-pilot ) Cargo Capacity 13 men , or Jeep and 4 soldiers , or 6 litters Length 48 ft 8 in Wingspan 83 ft 8 in Height 15 ft 4 in Wing area 900 sq ft Empty weight 3,900 lb Loaded weight 7,500 lb Max Takeoff Weight 7,500 lb Maximum speed 150 mph at 7,500 lb Cruise speed 72.6 mph
BlazeHtml RFC
Published on May 27 , 2010 under the tag RFC for the BlazeHtml projectPublished on May 27 , 2010 under the tag haskell
Introduction
BlazeHtml started out on ZuriHac 2010 .
Now , Jasper Van der Jeugt is working on it as a student to Google Summer of Code for haskell.org .
His mentors are Simon Meier and Johan Tibell .
The goal is to create a high - performance HTML generation library .
In the past few weeks , we have been exploring the performance and design of different drafts of this library .
Now , the time has come to ask some questions to the Haskell community – more specifically the future users of BlazeHtml as well as current users of other HTML generation libraries .
About this file
This document is a literate Haskell file .
Here is a plain version of the document .
It serves two purposes : ( 1 ) it explains our current ideas and ( 2 ) it asks you , as the reader , for feedback .
If you want to run this file or experiment with the code , you need to check out the code from github :
git clone git://github.com/jaspervdj/BlazeHtml.git
Enter the newly created directory BlazeHtml using
cd BlazeHtml
and load this document using
ghci doc/RFC.lhs
Note that we placed a .ghci file in the BlazeHtml directory .
It sets the correct include directories for ghci .
Notational preliminaries
A “ string ” is a sequence of Unicode codepoints .
A value of type String is a concrete representation of a string ; i.e. a Haskell list of Unicode codepoints .
A value of type Text is another concrete representation of a string provided by the Data .
Text library .
“ Encoding ” a string means converting the sequence of Unicode codepoints to a sequence of bytes , using a format like UTF - 8 or UTF - 16 .
A “ HTML document ” is a tree whose nodes are HTML elements with string - valued attributes and whose leaves are strings .
“ Rendering ” a HTML document means converting it to a string that will result in the same HTML tree when parsed by a HTML parser .
Problem definition
The goal of the BlazeHtml project is to create a light - weight Haskell combinator language for HTML documents that can be rendered as efficiently as possible .
Supported string representations
Obviously , we need to fix the concrete string representations to be used for describing attributes and leaves of HTML documents .
We have chosen to support both String values as well as Text values , as we assume that these are the most common representations for strings occuring in user code .
Q1 : Are there other string representations that should be supported natively ; i.e. without converting them to Data .
Text or String first ?
Note that we enable the OverloadedStrings language extension to also support string literals of type Text .
{-# LANGUAGE OverloadedStrings #-}
Modules
We import the Prelude hiding some functions , to avoid clashes : head , id and div are all HTML elements .
Since we do not use the corresponding Prelude functions in our program , we will just hide them instead of qualifying either the Prelude or our modules .
import Prelude hiding ( head , id , div ) ( head , id , div )
There are different HTML standards .
For example ,
XHTML
HTML 4 Strict
HTML 4 Transitional
HTML 4 Frameset
HTML 5
Q2 : What HTML standards should the library at least support ?
Q3 : Which HTML version would you preferably use ?
Currently , we decided to use the HTML 4 Strict standard , as it seems to be the most used one .
Our goal is that a description of a Html document using BlazeHtml looks as similar as possible to real HTML – and , if possible , even easier on the eyes .
Hence , we want to provide for every HTML element and attribute a combinator with exactly the same name .
However , this is not possible due to two reasons : ( 1 ) There are HTML element and attribute names that conflict with Haskell keywords , or Haskell naming conventions .
( 2 ) There are HTML elements having the same name as HTML attributes .
To solve the first problem , we adopt the convention that the combinator for a HTML element ( or an attribute ) that conflicts with a Haskell keyword ( like class ) is suffixed with an underscore ( i.e class_ instead of class ) .
Attributes like http - equiv ( Haskell does n’t like the ‘ -’ character ) will be written as http_equiv .
To solve the second problem , we split the combinators for elements and attributes into separate modules .
This way the library user can decide on how to handle the conflicting names using hiding and / or qualified imports ; e.g. we could qualify the attributes such that the ‘ title ’ attribute combinator becomes ‘ A.title ’ .
Q4 : What do you think of this approach for chosing combinator names ?
Several HTML elements conflict with the Prelude ; e.g. head or map .
We are not sure how to resolve these clashes .
Currently , we leave it up to the library user to use appropriate hiding and qualifying .
This works fine , if the library user separates the busines logic from the presentation layer , and thus puts BlazeHtml templates in separate modules , where little logic is required .
Another way is to also regard functions in the Prelude ( or a bigger fixed set of libraries ) as “ Haskell keywords ” and use underscore suffixing for name - conflict resolution .
Q5 : Would you also regard the Prelude ( or a bigger set of libraries ) as fixed “ Haskell keywords ” and use underscore suffixing for conflict resolution ?
Currently , we decided that all our modules will share the Text .
Blaze prefix .
import Text.Blaze.Html4 .Strict hiding ( map ) ( map ) import Text.Blaze.Html4.Strict.Attributes hiding ( title ) ( title )
Q6 : Do you think Text .
Blaze .
X is a proper name for a module ?
Or should we drop Blaze and use Text .
Html instead ?
An advantage of using the Text .
Html prefix is that the user can directly see what the module is meant for .
A disadvantage is that the likelihood of module clashes on Hackages increases .
Two more imports to satisfy the compiler :
import Data .
Monoid ( mconcat ) ( mconcat ) import Control .
Monad ( forM_ ) ( forM_ )
As you will see later , we will render our Html documents to UTF - 8 encoded ByteStrings .
For displaying these , we also need putStrLn from Data .
ByteString .
Lazy .
import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Lazy as LB
Syntax
We will demonstrate our combinator langugage by example .
This is the ( simple ) HTML document we want to produce :
< html > < head > < title >
Introduction page .
</ title > Introduction page .
< link href= " screen.css " type= " text /css " rel= " stylesheet " /> </ head > < body > < div id= " header " > Syntax </div > Syntax < p >
This is an example of BlazeHtml syntax .
</p> < ul > < li > 1 </li > < li > 2 </li > < li > 3 </li > </ul > </ body > </html >
In BlazeHtml , we ( ab ) use do - notation to get a very light - weight syntax ; i.e. monadic sequencing is used to represent concatenation of Html documents .
= html $ do page1 html head $ do " Introduction page . " title !
rel " stylesheet " !
type_ " text/css " !
href " screen.css " linkreltype_href $ do body div ! id " header " $ " Syntax " p " This is an example of BlazeHtml syntax . " $ forM_ [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ( li . string .
show ) ulforM_ [ ] ( listring
This use has its cost , as we do n’t support passing values inside the monad .
Hence , return x >>= f != f x .
We tried supporting passing values , but it cost too much performance .
The correct way out would be to drop this instance and have the user use the functions working on Monoids directly , as in the following example describing the same page :
= html $ mconcat page2html [ head $ mconcat " Introduction page . " [ title !
rel " stylesheet " !
type_ " text/css " ! href " screen.css " , linkreltype_href ] $ mconcat , body [ div ! id " header " $ " Syntax " " This is an example of BlazeHtml syntax . " , p $ mconcat $ map ( li . string .
show ) [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] , ul( listring ) [ ] ]
The syntax choice is up to the end user .
We tend to prefer the first notation , as we think it is more light - weight .
The main function just outputs the two pages :
= do main $ renderHtml page1 LB.putStrLnrenderHtml page1 $ renderHtml page2 LB.putStrLnrenderHtml page2
Q7 : How do you think about this syntax , generally ?
Q8 : Do you think !
is a good operator for setting attributes ?
We made an initial choice for !
because the old HTML package uses this .
However , this operator looks more like array indexing .
It is not too late to change this , suggestions are very welcome .
Q9 : How should multiple attributes be handled ?
In the above example , we used the !
again for the next attribute :
! rel " stylesheet " !
type " text/css " !
href " screen.css " linkrelhref
Another option would be to define a variant that takes a list of attributes :
!> [ rel " stylesheet " , type " text/css " , href " screen.css " ] link[rel , href
Or , we could use a type class to give the !
different uses , and thus have :
! [ rel " stylesheet " , type " text/css " , href " screen.css " ] link[rel , href
The last option will , however , introduce a more complicated type for attributes , more complicated type errors , and a performance overhead in some cases .
Rendering & encoding
As said before , BlazeHtml supports strings represented either as String or Data .
Text values .
These two types support all Unicode codepoints , so the encoding format should support all Unicode codepoints , too .
If the encoding format does not support all Unicode codepoints , then rendering and encoding cannot be separated nicely because unencodable characters must already be escaped accordingly during rendering .
We think that more than 95 % of the end users wo n’t need support for lossy encodings .
Hence , we choose not to support them .
Note that all desktop browsers , and most mobile browsers support superior encodings .
Q10 : Do you need support for “ lossy ” encodings , e.g. Latin - 1 ?
If yes , could you describe your use case more precisely ?
Fixing the encoding statically greatly helps for achieving the best possible performance .
Hence , we fix the encoding of rendered HTML documents to UTF - 8 because this is the most used encoding for HTML documents .
Q11 : What other encodings do you need support for ?
Note that for a non-performance - critical code path you can always decode and re-encode the rendered and UTF - 8 encoded HTML document .
Speed
Possibly , you think that the best representation for a rendered HTML document is a Text value .
Then , one could use the functions from Data .
Text to encode this Text value to the desired final encoding .
However , this conflicts with the goal of being as efficient as possible .
For maximal efficiency , one wants to spend as little work as possible for each byte that is output .
Hence , if we convert our data directly to the final encoding , then we save one intermediate representation .
In our current prototype implementation , this is reflected by the fact that we build the UTF - 8 encoded sequence of bytes directly using a slightly modified version of the Builder monoid from Data .
Binary .
This has the nice side - effect that the Lazy .
ByteString generated by the Builder monoid consists of a list of big ( 32 kb ) chunks that can be sent over the network efficiently using the network - bytestring library .
Our preliminary benchmark suite shows that this is a very promising approach .
You can run these benchmarks by calling
make bench - html
In the BlazeHtml directory that you created in the beginning of this RFC .
Note that these benchmarks also contain the “ BigTable ” benchmark that is implemented in many different templating engines .
It measures the rendering time of a big < table > that has 1000 rows and 10 columns , and every row has the simple content 1 , 2 , 3 , … 10 .
Our prototype library is much faster than other templating engines such as Spitfire , ClearSilver , ERB and Erubis .
More information can be found in this blogpost .
Q12 : Do you know of other libraries or benchmarks that we should compare to ?
Epilogue
Most modern web applications embrace the MVC design pattern .
In this pattern , BlazeHtml is part of the “ View ” .
Two other components are needed – the “ Model ” ( data retrieval & persistence ) and the “ Controller ” ( the server ) .
Q13 : What other libraries would you use BlazeHtml with ?
Q14 : Do you see any problems with respect to integrating BlazeHtml in your favourite web - framework / server ?
Looking forward to your feedback
The easiest way to send feedback is to reply by email to the haskell - cafe thread .
Alternatively , drop a comment at reddit .
Jasper van der Jeugt and Simon Meier
Archbishop of Dublin Dr Diarmuid Martin has warned that there are still strong forces preventing the truth about clerical abuse from emerging .
Read the full address
In an address at the headquarters of conservative church group the Knights of St Columbanus , Dr Martin said he was personally disheartened and discouraged about the level of willingness within the church to begin a process of renewal .
Archbishop Martin also said questions about safeguarding children should be on the agenda of every meeting of every parish pastoral council .
He appealed publicly to all parishes in the Archdiocese to ensure all child protection measures were in place and that there is no let - up in the level of vigilance .
The archbishop 's comments have been supported by colleagues and those working with survivors of clerical child abuse .
Bishop of Killaloe Dr Willie Walsh says he largely agrees with Dr Martin 's comments .
He said the Catholic hierarchy was still in denial .
Support group ' One in Four ' said it is encouraging that the Archbishop recognises that child protection procedures are not being implemented in a uniform manner across the Church .
It said : ' Once again he has shown himself to be a man of courage who is not afraid to speak the truth . '
Executive Director Maeve Lewis added : ' The safety of children will only be assured when church authorities fully understand the enormity of past failures and implement protocols in a manner that prioritises children . '
Victor LaValle : ' I was kind of a catch .
And I knew this was true .
As long as you could n't see me '
I 'd have the charges billed to my telephone , while Margie dialled the same number , but never paid a fee .
Much like at nightclubs and bars , it 's a lot harder to get ladies into the room , so Margie , and the hundreds of women like her , would call the number and register , then punch through the recorded greetings from thousands of guys waiting to talk with them .
One of those men was me .
Each guy 's greeting was his name and a little something about himself .
Our messages were either lewd or pornographic , nothing else .
Using euphemisms about your penis counted as a true gentleman 's move .
I was no better than the rest .
Twenty - one , horny and incapable of getting a real - world date .
The women 's greetings tended to differ from the men's ; they spoke about amusement parks and dining out and walks on the beach .
Ridiculous shit .
We all knew why we were here and it was n't to line up any dates .
We were there to talk dirty into our telephones and masturbate in our separate darkened rooms .
At least that was true for me and Margie .
We liked each other 's voices – each other 's imaginations – enough to keep calling back .
We 'd make appointments for the next " meeting " , and then call the line .
Scroll through the many recorded messages , listening for the voice we recognised .
She was Margie and I was Michael .
We spent two years having phone sex and , eventually , speaking to each other off the line , but we never told each other our real names .
Why was I doing this ?
At 21 ?
I was in college and , in theory , surrounded by eligible women .
I should have been besieged by more appropriate partners .
My little crew of friends enjoyed no end of sex .
Even the losers were doing all right .
Not me , though .
I weighed 25 stone , and I did n't stand nine feet tall , so the weight did n't sit well on me .
As big as a house ?
No .
I was as big as an estate .
Lumpy and lazy ; I aspired to lethargy .
In the second year of university , I missed half my classes just because I could n't pull myself out of bed .
But here 's the thing : I was charming .
Well read and well spoken .
Observant and even kind .
In other words , I was kind of a catch .
And I knew this was true .
As long as you could n't see me .
If you saw me , you 'd think I was the sea cow that had swallowed your catch .
Margie lived alone .
Her daughter had grown up and moved away .
She had retired because she got sick , but she 'd saved her money , so she had enough in the bank and the mortgage had been paid off .
She never mentioned a husband , and I did n't ask .
During the day , Margie ran errands and spent time with her neighbours .
At night she entertained her gentleman callers .
One of them was me , Michael , a former school sports star who wanted to become a lawyer some day .
I told her I was tall , broad and mixed race .
She said she resembled Gina Lollobrigida .
Did I know who that was ?
I said , " Of course " and then looked the actress up .
Both our exaggerations were probably true enough .
I did have one black parent and one white parent , and I had played sports at school .
As for Margie , I felt sure she was at least a woman who had brown hair .
Anyway , when we found each other on the chatline , all suspicions fell away .
She was there and I was , too .
Our rooms so dark we could imagine each other – and ourselves – exactly as we wanted .
" Hello , Michael . "
" Hello , Margie . "
" I missed you , " she said .
" I'm there with you now , " I said .
" Right here in bed ? '
" No . I 'm outside .
Looking in through your window . "
She blew out a breath .
" My neighbours will see you . "
" Then I 'd better break in . "
" Are n't you afraid I 'll hear you ? "
" Now I 'm standing by your bed . "
Margie sighed .
" It gets so dark in here at night .
I ca n't see anything . "
" But you can feel me getting on the bed . "
Quiet .
" Yes , " she said .
Margie and I were " together " for about two years .
After the first year , she gave me her home number and I would call at our appointed times .
Neither of us expected the other to stay off the chatlines .
If I happened to hear her recorded message there , on one of our off days , calling out the name of a different man , I did n't mind .
I was usually listening for a different woman .
We 'd defeated the madness of monogamy !
It required only that we never actually see or touch each other .
Sometimes we talked about visiting each other .
But we never would .
Both of us knew it .
She was a 50 - year - old woman with some undefined illness that had forced her to retire 15 years early .
Maybe it took some toll on her physically .
Maybe she was in a wheelchair , I do n't know .
But I sure as hell never would let her see me , either .
If she did , how could we ever fantasise about me crouching over her chest again ?
In real life , I 'd suffocate the poor woman between my meaty thighs .
And yet , somehow , I convinced myself that Margie was helping to keep me tethered to the " normal " world of relationships .
I knew what we had was n't complete , but at least we were two human beings sharing some kind of real affection .
I still felt this was infinitely better than the alternative : have you ever known men or women who do n't get any kind of loving for years ?
They get weird .
The women become either monstrously drab or they costume themselves in ways that make them seem unreal ; they externalise their inner fantasies and come to believe that – on some level – they really are elves or princesses or , most disturbing of all , children again .
And the men ?
They 're even worse .
Men who are denied affection for too long devolve into some kind of rage - filled hominoid .
Their anger becomes palpable .
You can almost feel the wrath emanating from their pores .
Lonely women destroy themselves ; lonely men threaten the world .
With that fate in mind , I felt truly grateful for Margie .
While I enjoyed phone sex with other women , Margie and I would also have real conversations after the sex was over .
She 'd want to know what I 'd been reading and I 'd ask about the home - improvement work she 'd been doing .
I enjoyed her company , her voice .
And she sounded sincere when she told me she 'd missed me .
So it came as a shock when she said we'd have to stop talking .
Her daughter 's husband had lost his job and their home had been repossessed .
The two of them , and their three - year - old child , would be moving in with Margie .
There was no other way to go .
Margie had plenty of space in her home , and she loved the idea of having them close .
Her only regret was that she'd have to say goodbye to me .
Someone would always be home , and she could n't risk the embarrassment if one of them overheard us .
So in 1995 my 50 - year - old girlfriend , the one I 'd never met , broke up with me .
While she and I were " together " , I 'd thought of myself like an astronaut going on one of those spacewalks outside the space shuttle .
Below me I could see Earth , the glorious terrain .
The place where true couples dwelled .
And while I was n't there , I could still view it .
I knew what it looked like .
In time I 'd make my way back into the shuttle ; I 'd hit the thrusters on my spaceship and return to that good soil .
When Margie and I stopped talking , it was as if the craft had blown to bits .
I had plenty of oxygen in my suit , but I was no longer tethered to anything .
And the shock waves of the blast did n't send me hurtling down to Earth .
Instead , they blew me backwards .
Deeper into space .
It 's funny to have to relate all this first .
Because I really want to write about my life after I lost weight .
What sex was like once I 'd exercised and dieted myself down to under 14 stone .
How did I manage the miracle ?
I bought a refurbished StairMaster and used it four days a week .
I started a weight - loss system , and it worked .
I 'd found my way back to Earth after drifting through the lifeless void for two years .
Victory parades were thrown in my honour ( by which I mean my mother was incredibly proud of my change ) .
Here 's our man , finally height - and weight - proportionate .
Once again , a member of the human race .
But in the time I 'd been away – when I 'd been inhuman , I guess – I 'd journeyed well past innocent phone sex .
I 'd found another agency that introduced people who really did want to meet in person and make things happen .
I had sex – lots of it – with women who were , essentially , just like me .
By which I mean more than 25 stone and crippled by self - loathing .
We made our introductions on a phone line , essentially negotiating the details of our affections in advance : I want this and you want that ; I wo n't do any of those things , but I will try these .
As a result , I 'd show up at some woman 's apartment for the first time and we'd be naked in about 10 minutes .
Engaging in the kind of sexual fantasies that usually require six months of dating before anyone will even broach the subject .
And then they probably still wait another six months before they trust each other enough actually to try it .
We covered all that ground in a single night .
And I 'll tell you what I learned during those two years : fat people are perverts .
By which I mean to say , loneliness perverts you .
I 'm not talking about the sex .
Or not exclusively , anyway .
My first date as a trimmer man scared me more than my first fight .
Part of the reason was that I did n't even realise we were on a date .
We met each other at a party in a bar .
We shook hands and exchanged a few words .
Once or twice we sat in the same frame for those group photos people take as a party wears on .
When she sat next to me at a table and smiled before I 'd said anything , I had the notion that she might be flirting with me , but the phenomenon had been so rare these last few years that I did n't trust my lying eyes .
Then , a few hours into the party , she came up and asked if I liked her blouse .
I was seated and she stood over me .
She asked again if I liked her blouse and this time she flipped up the bottom of it and showed me her stomach .
Now , that was flirting .
Impossible to ignore .
Plus , I did n't want to .
This woman was beautiful by any measure .
When I saw her skin , I realised how long it had been since I 'd seen a belly without stretchmarks .
Five years ?
Ten ?
I 'm including my own in that count .
Before I left , I asked if she would go to dinner with me , and when she said yes , she actually went up on her tiptoes , like a kid .
I took her to a sushi restaurant and sat across from her , but after a few minutes it was clear her face showed none of the same enthusiasm as at the bar .
I asked her questions , but she hardly answered .
I made jokes , each one worse than the last .
Maybe she 'd been drunk at the party .
Then , during another moment of silence , I looked away from her and out of the window .
There were no couples between us and the restaurant 's large front windows .
I saw her reflection .
She was as lovely as the other night , maybe more so .
She wore a sheer sweater and a skirt that flattered her long legs .
And me ?
I was still wearing my coat .
Not a jacket .
My winter coat .
We 'd been inside for half an hour and I had n't taken it off .
No wonder she seemed distant , even dismayed ; it looked as if I could n't wait to get away .
And it was n't just the coat .
I had so many layers on .
A sweater and a shirt .
And a T - shirt under them .
It would n't have surprised me if I had thermal underwear layered down there as well .
In other words , I was dressed like a fat person .
We make the mistake of thinking those layers of clothing are serving to hide us .
A kind of protection .
Instead , they make us look even bigger .
Or , in this case , make me seem like an asshole .
I wanted to explain everything to her .
I 'm going through a big transition .
But I could n't bring myself to tell her .
No matter how I phrased it in my head , it always sounded like a bad pun , a sad joke .
Finally , I slid off my coat , but the gesture must have seemed like pity , because she pulled on hers .
We ate the rest of our meal quickly .
I took her home on the train but when we reached her station , she said I did n't have to walk her home .
All this changed after I dated the woman with the boyfriend .
We became friends first .
We worked in the same space , and at lunchtime we sometimes ate together and talked .
We were attracted to each other , but did nothing about it for months .
She continued to date the aforementioned guy and I was busy trying to live like a normal - sized man ; meaning I stayed off the phone lines , ate sensible meals , exercised regularly and told no one that I 'd ever been fat .
The last seemed particularly important .
If enough other people believed it , I hoped that I 'd come to believe it , too .
If they treated me like a guy who'd never knocked out a dozen Krispy Kreme original glazed doughnuts in one sitting , then I 'd forget I ever had .
I needed the outside world to convince me because I still could n't quite believe the transformation had been real .
I was flirting with this woman , but keeping a respectful distance .
Getting closer and then pulling away .
And she was doing the same .
This slow build felt exciting and frustrating .
Each time I saw her again , my feelings seemed even stronger .
And that was a shock , too .
Feelings .
Not to be too self - pitying ( or self - aggrandising ) , but I had n't really cared about a woman outside my family since Margie and I had hung up our phones in 1995 .
I remember the first time she put her arms around me , outside a bar .
I held my breath as she clasped her hands around my waist ; then she rested her head against my chest .
And finally the two of us are stumbling back to her building .
We climb the stairs to her flat .
Open the front door , listen for her flatmate , and when it seems we 're alone we fall across her living room couch .
I 'm on my back and she 's on top of me .
She undoes my jeans and slides them down and lifts her skirt .
She climbs back on top of me .
And as much as I 'm enjoying myself , as I anticipate the next step with three years ' worth of pent - up glee , I 'm also not really there .
As soon as my trousers slide down to my knees and my shirt rides up above my belly , I feel myself wince , as if preparing for an explosion .
I realise I 've been thinking of my clothes as if they were the casing around a live bomb .
Have you ever had out - of - body sex ?
It 's not the same as that tantric business .
As soon as my skin touched open air , my mind drifted away .
I watched myself and this woman having some wonderfully energetic sex .
I even felt proud of the guy down there , because he seemed so free .
He was laughing and gripping her hips , but I was floating up by the ceiling , keeping watch .
I felt sure that if this woman saw me at the wrong angle , or in the wrong light , her lust would suddenly fold up and be packed away .
Then she reached down and touched my stomach ; I 'd lost a lot of weight , but the skin there was a little loose , and there were faint stretchmarks along the bottom that looked like dried - out riverbeds .
She put her hand on my stomach and I sucked in my belly .
I did n't even have that belly any more , but that did n't make the belly any less real to me .
Her hand stayed there on my stomach and I waited to hear her say , " Stop . "
That , or a groan of disgust .
But instead she did the most perfect thing .
For which I remain grateful .
She lifted her hand and then brought it back down hard .
She smacked me .
But not out of revulsion ; not to punish me .
" Harder , " is the only thing she said .
• This is an edited extract from Granta : 110 Sex , out now at £ 12.99 .
Annual subscription to Granta ( for four issues ) is £ 29.95 .
To subscribe , go to granta.com / GUARD
If you are interested in reading some marijuana literature , be sure to give this a read .
Once again I apologize for the lack of updates , but I have been having one of those weeks .
Click continue reading for the eBook .
Be sure to click fullscreen .
Marijuana Is Safer
Share this post !
Greetings to the New Season : The CW – UPDATED
And so we come to the last of the big network upfronts … if , that is , you consider The CW to be a big network .
I ’m not saying I do n’t , you understand .
I just mean that there are still some people out there who have n’t yet accepted Fox as being a real network , so you can only imagine what they think of The CW .
But I digress .
Sort of .
It probably is worth noting that , unlike ABC , CBS , NBC , and , yes , even Fox , The CW held their upfront without providing photos , let alone videos , to accompany their new fall series … and since there are only two of them , you ’d think they could ’ve at least managed to throw together logos for them to serve as preliminary artwork .
Instead , I ’m stuck falling back on the tried and true network logo .
Yawn .
Okay , sorry , that really was a digression …and , as it turned out , a mostly unnecessary one , since the photos had appeared on The CW ’s press site by 10:30 AM EST .
Still , that was well after the press release about the fall schedule went out … a press release which , FYI , required two revisions due to various accidental omissions .
I ’m just saying .
Anyway , on with the show (s ) …
MONDAY
8 – 9 PM : 90210
9 – 10 PM : Gossip Girl
TUESDAY
8 – 9 PM : One Tree Hill
9 – 10 PM : Life Unexpected
WEDNESDAY
8 – 9 PM : America ’s Next Top Model
9 – 10 PM : Hellcats : a coming - of - age story about Marti Perkins , a young , pre-law student at Lancer University in Memphis , Tennessee .
Marti is cool , hip and alt , but her world flips upside down , literally and figuratively , when she loses her scholarship , and realizes the only way she can stay in school is by reigniting her dormant teen gymnastic skills to win a place on Lancer ’s legendary cheerleading team , The Hellcats .
Against her every instinct , Marti goes for it and makes the squad , and is thrust into a world of camaraderie , backstabbing and the intersection of sports , backroom academia and big money .
Marti’s new roommate , Savannah Monroe , a petite , peppy Texan , is among the diverse cast of athletes , undergrads , family and friends , all set on the sprawling campus of a powerhouse college football program in the deep South .
The series stars Aly Michalka as Marti Perkins , Ashley Tisdale as Savannah Monroe , Heather Hemmens as Alice Verdura , Robbie Jones as Lewis Flynn , Matt Barr as Dan Patch , with Sharon Leal as Vanessa Lodge and Gail O’Grady as Wanda Perkins .
“ Hellcats ” is executive produced by Kevin Murphy ( “ Desperate Housewives ” ) , Tom Welling ( “ Smallville ” ) , and Allan Arkush ( “ Heroes , ” “ Crossing Jordan ” ) .
The pilot was directed by Arkush .
THURSDAY
8 – 9 PM : The Vampire Diaries
9 -10 PM : Nikita :
When she was a deeply troubled teenager , Nikita was rescued from death row by a secret U.S. agency known only as Division , who faked her execution and told her she was being given a second chance to start a new life and serve her country .
What they did n’t tell her was that she was being trained as a spy and assassin .
Ultimately , Nikita was betrayed and her dreams shattered by the only people she thought she could trust .
Now , after three years in hiding , Nikita is seeking retribution and making it clear to her former bosses that she will stop at nothing to expose and destroy their covert operation .
For the time being , however , Division continues to recruit and train other young people , erasing all evidence of their former lives and turning them into cold and efficient killers .
One of these new recruits , Alex , is just beginning to understand what lies ahead for her and why the legendary Nikita made the desperate decision to run .
The series stars Maggie Q as Nikita , Lyndsy Fonseca as Alex , Shane West as Michael , Aaron Stanford as Birkhoff , Ashton Holmes as Thom , Tiffany Hines as Jaden , with Melinda Clarke as Amanda and Xander Berkeley as Percy .
“ Nikita ” is executive produced by Craig Silverstein ( “ Bones , ” “ K - Ville ” ) , Danny Cannon ( “ CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , ” “ Chuck ” ) , McG ( “ Supernatural , ” “ Chuck , ” “ The O.C. , ” “ Charlie ’s Angels ” ) , and Peter Johnson ( “ Supernatural , ” “ Chuck ” ) .
The pilot was directed by Cannon .
FRIDAY
8 – 9 PM : Smallville :
9 – 10 PM : Supernatural :
Canceled :
* Melrose Place
* Fly Girls
* High Society
New at midseason :
* Plain Jane : a new summer reality series that transforms one woman from the inside out to reveal a brand new woman .
Each of the eight episodes will feature a new “ Jane ” searching for the change of a lifetime .
With the help of British fashion expert Louise Roe ( “ Fashion Police : The 2009 Grammy Awards ” ) , each Plain Jane will receive a head - to - toe style transformation , including new wardrobe and confidence - building exercises .
Once the transformation is complete , the formerly Plain Jane will surprise her unsuspecting crush with the new look and reveal her true feelings to him .
A love connection is – or is n’t – made .
Hosted by Louise Roe , “ Plain Jane ” is executive produced by Allison Grodner ( “ Big Brother ” ) , Rich Meehan ( “ Big Brother ” ) and Amy Palmer ( “ You ’re Cut Off ” ) .
* Shedding for the Wedding ( tentative title ) :
They are two of the most stressful things in life – planning a wedding and losing weight .
Ten overweight engaged couples will live together and battle for the wedding of their dreams over a three - month period .
Every episode , the couples will face off in a big physical challenge , competing to win one element of their wedding – from the invitations , to the cake , to the rings .
Whatever they win will be theirs to keep .
Together , they will plan their weddings with the help of the nation ’s top wedding planners , they will take a vow to eat right and exercise , and world - class trainers and nutritionists will completely overhaul their bodies .
At the end of each episode , the couples will step on the scale and be weighed together – the couple who lost the least amount of combined weight that week will be eliminated .
In the end , one couple will win their fantasy wedding – a once - in - a - lifetime event – that America will attend .
“ Shedding for the Wedding ” – again , this is a working title – is executive produced by Dave Broome ( “ The Biggest Loser ” ) and Rick Hurvitz ( “ Pimp My Ride ” ) .
Digital Rights Management has been a political minefield for publishers and developers , reviled by consumers and difficult to balance between piracy and fiscal validity .
Many companys , like Ubisoft , have tried unique models to mixed success , but Sega ’s new system may provide the equality gamers have been clamoring for .
Thanks to Game Politics , a spreadsheet of details on the new prototype ( to be first implemented on the upcoming Alpha Protocol ) can be found after the jump .
Alpha Protocol uses Uniloc : SoftAnchor .
Uniloc : SoftAnchor requires an internet connection to activate , though you do n’t need to always be connected to play the game , and the web site offers a work - around if you do n’t have an internet connection on the PC you install it on .
The PC version of Alpha Protocol uses an internet based licensing system , where , after installation , the user is required to enter a product registration code ( license key ) in order to begin playing the game .
You do not have to have the disc in your drive to play the game .
The game does not use SteamWorks , and the Steam version of the game will use Uniloc DRM .
The game can be installed on up to 5 different computers at any one time using the license key the game comes with .
There is a limit to the number of computers you can use Alpha Protocol on at any one time , but Sega says that the company is not restricting the number of computers you can install the game on over the life of the product .
Sega will provide a version of the game without DRM using a future patch that it expects to make available 18 - 24 months after the game ’s release .
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg returned immediately to the city from a White House dinner .
Speaking at the scene , he said : " We are very lucky .
Thanks to alert New Yorkers and professional police officers , we avoided what could have been a very deadly event .
The bomb squad confirmed that the suspicious vehicle did contain an explosive device .
We have no idea who did this or why . "
Dreaming of sipping wine in a little Parisian cafe ?
Or picturing yourself in trendy Napa Valley , sampling new vintages straight from the barrel ?
While these well - known areas indeed spring to mind when thinking about the world ’s finest vintages , you may be surprised to know that excellent wine is being made and enjoyed just about everywhere .
As a wine judge and hobby winemaker , my favorite wine trips have always been to out - of - the - way places , away from tourists and kitsch .
This is where you will find the best wines and the most interesting experiences .
Here are dozens of not - to - miss wine experiences to plan into your next trip .
San Gimignano , Italy
San Gimignano is an ancient city in Tuscany whose medieval towers still fill the skyline today .
While several grape varieties are grown in the area , the town is famous for its Vernaccia di San Gimignano , a dry white wine made in the region since the 13th century , and made famous by a reference in Dante ’s Inferno .
This unique wine is best paired with local fare such as wild boar or mushroom risotto which can be enjoyed in many local restaurants .
One of the town ’s restaurants , Dorand , even serves authentic medieval food paired with local wines .
A luxurious and decadent experience , it will not be soon forgotten .
Beamsville , Ontario , Canada
The Niagara Region of Canada has developed into a thriving wine region over the past thirty years .
Its micro-climate is perfect for European - style grape growing and this area is known for award - winning Chardonnays , Rieslings , and Merlots .
The region ’s best product , however , is its Icewine .
This naturally sweet dessert wine is made from white grapes that have been allowed to remain on the vine into the winter and are picked and pressed during the first hard freeze .
Forgo the touristy Niagara - on - the - Lake and stay in Beamsville to the west .
Beamsville is surrounded by small craft wineries and vineyards producing a number of varietals .
From Beamsville , wine tours are an easy day trip .
Beamsville restaurants also carry many local wines , so you can sample to your heart ’s content while planning your trip through wine country .
Beaune , France
On your next trip to France , escape Paris and drive three hours south east to the city of Beaune .
Even without wine , Beaune is a beautiful , historical city , with centuries - old cathedrals , ancient ramparts , and world - class cafs and restaurants .
The best place to sample wines in Beaune is the Marche aux Vins .
The Marche , located in a 15th century Franciscan church , is a collective run by many of the region ’s wine merchants .
For a mere 10.00 € , you can spend a morning or afternoon sampling a very large selection of Burgundies .
You will be provided with a souvenir tasting cup and will make your way through the maze of wines .
All of the wines are available to purchase .
I most enjoy the heavier , older , and often more expensive vintages which are presented near the end of the tastings .
Do n’t fill up on the cheap stuff first !
Temecula , California , USA
When one thinks California wineries , the exclusive and hip Napa Valley is the first area that comes to mind .
While the Napa region produces some amazing wines , California harbors a wine secret farther to the south .
An hour from San Diego , Orange County , and Los Angeles , Temecula has been quietly gaining a name for itself in the wine industry .
The hills to the north and west and the ocean breezes make for a perfect grape - growing climate .
If you enjoy gaming as well as wine , the Pechanga Casino and Resort just outside of town provides both .
Or take a self - guided tour through Temecula ’s small boutique wineries and discover vintages that you will be unlikely to see on your supermarket ’s shelves .
Mainz , Germany
When you visit other cities , add a new wine to your repertoire .
As years go by , when you taste that varietal , it can take you back to your trip .
Mainz sits perched on the banks of the Rhine as it has for almost two thousand years .
The surrounding countryside is famous for its Rieslings , Sylvaners , and Muller - Thurgau .
The cultivated vineyards encompass over 65,000 acres and , like many wine - growing regions along the Rhine , their soil imparts a unique character to these delicate white wines .
In Mainz , you can sample wines at many of the local vineyards , or take a boat ride down the Rhine with wine glass firmly in hand — my favorite activity when I visit Germany .
Stick with the Rieslings and forgo the more everyday Mullers .
They want to be Rieslings when they grow up .
Valencia , Spain
The Mediterranean Sea keeps the vineyards around Valencia at just the right temperature .
The Valencia area is famous for paella and its locally - produced wines ; two treats that can easily be combined into one outing to one of the city ’s many Spanish restaurants .
The wineries in Valencia are some of the largest in Spain due to the city ’s large port and ability to ship large quantities of wine around the world .
The area produces deep red Riojas , unique roses , and complex aged sherries .
There are several wine tours , both guided and self - guided that you can sign up for to see the wineries and sample a wider variety than what is available in restaurants .
Bellingham , Washington , USA
Washington is one of the great wine regions of the United States .
Although just coming into its own in the past decade , Washington is now the second largest state producer of wine in the country .
While wine towns can be found in most areas of the state , Bellingham , near the Canadian border , is a fun experience and a short trip from the British Columbia wineries to the north .
Bellingham is known for its wine bars and local wine can be found in every one of them .
The pace of life in Bellingham tends to be a little more laid back than you may be used to so sit back , enjoy the wine , and listen to live music .
If visiting in the fall , include tours of local vineyards in your plans and watch the winemaking happen first hand .
Brisbane , Australia
Brisbane makes the list , not because of its own wine - growing identity , but because of its location .
In Brisbane , you can sample the fruit wines produced to the north , on the Sunshine Coast , including pineapple , kiwi , or mango wines .
You can also sample more traditional wines from farther south
Australia is known for its Shiraz , a red grape originally from Europe and there are many to choose from in Brisbane restaurants .
My favorite way to enjoy wine in Brisbane is to find an outdoor table at one of the restaurants surrounding South Bank park and sip some of Australia ’s finest while watching kids play on the man -made beach .
Cape Town , South Africa
Cape Town is the center of South African wine - making and both reds and whites have been made here for almost 300 years .
All of the great grapes of Europe can be found here including Chardonnay , Cabernet Sauvignon , Shiraz ( called Petit Syrah in France ) , and Sauvignon Blanc .
Many of Cape Town ’s upscale hotels offer packages that include tours of the 130 + vineyards ( or ‘ wine farms ’ as they are called in South Africa ) , wineries , food pairings and accommodation .
This is the best way to see Cape Town ’s surrounding wine country and an opportunity not to be missed
Pelee Island , Ontario , Canada
Pelee Island is the southernmost tip of Canada and is , in fact , farther south than parts of California .
This tiny island is inhabited by only about 500 full - time residents but boasts some of the best vineyards on the continent .
Pelee Island
Winery grows all of its grapes on the island ( over 500 acres ) .
A weekend on Pelee Island is a great opportunity to get away for a romantic weekend , which I do as often as possible .
There are several bed and breakfast inns on the island and the winery offers various wine tours , tastings and educational sessions .
And when you tire of drinking wine ( an unlikely occurrence ) , you can enjoy the nature preserve or take a bike ride around the entire island .
— The above was written by Angie Mohr , Seed contributor .
Walla Walla , Washington , USA
This small town is a four - and - a - half hour drive from Seattle , and it ’s a completely different world .
Besides having a semi-arid climate and little - to - no traffic , Walla Walla is one of the world ’s hottest wine regions .
Scattered throughout the countryside are vineyards and tasting rooms ( highly recommended is Pepper Bridge Winery , one of many great producers in Walla Walla ) .
In the small but charming downtown there are enough tasting rooms to keep a wine tourist busy for days .
Add in a few very high quality restaurants ( Saffron and Brasserie Four , for example ) , and Walla Walla is one of the world ’s most inviting and laid - back wine towns .
Saint - Emilion , France
The wine - tourism capital of Bordeaux is an obvious pick for this list .
The vineyards of Saint - Emilion surrounding the ancient town center ( a World Heritage Site ) produce some of the world ’s most sought - after wines .
Chateau Cheval Blanc and Chateau Ausone are the only two Chateaux to receive Saint - Emilion ’s highest ranking , and great vintages of the wines frequently fetch over $ 1,000 per bottle .
There are plenty of more economical choices though , and with nearly all of the 13,600 acres dedicated to wine production , there ’s plenty to go around .
Portland , Oregon , USA
The largest city in Oregon sits on the banks of the Willamette River and is a mere half - hour drive from many wineries in the Willamette Valley , one of the world ’s premium Pinot Noir growing areas .
If touring the vineyards is n’t on the agenda , there are numerous great wine bars and restaurants .
Check out Alu Wine Bar , which claims a stellar wine list of both Oregon Pinot Noirs and intriguing imported selections .
Cochem , Germany
Cochem is one of dozens of small towns along Germany ’s Mosel River , and it is particularly charming .
The Mosel is famous for producing some of the world ’s best — as well as age - worthy — Rieslings .
The wide range of wine styles guarantees a hit with every palate .
The town is surrounded by steep hillside vineyards , and a thousand - year - old castle on a hill overlooking the town square adds to the atmosphere .
San Francisco , California , USA
One of the most diverse cities in the United States also has plenty of choices when it comes to wine .
Dozens of wine bars are scattered throughout the city center — try Yield Wine Bar for an earth - friendly wine list or the aptly named WINE for a constantly rotating glass selection .
Bonus : Outside the bustling downtown , Napa Valley and Sonoma are easy day trips to sample some of the best U.S. - made wines .
Los Olivos , California , USA
Rather than fighting the crowds in Napa Valley try this quaint Victorian town just north of Santa Barbara .
The area is now famous as the setting of Sideways .
Do n’t let the Hollywood connection scare you away though : the region is stunningly beautiful and is one of the best Pinot Noir producing areas in the United States ( alternatively , swing by Andrew Murray for some killer Syrahs ) .
The historic downtown is home to over a dozen wine tasting rooms in a small area .
Chateauneuf - du - Pape , France
The town name is translated as “ new castle of the Pope , ” from the days when the Pope ruled from nearby Avignon .
The Pope no longer lives there , instead you ’ll find some of the best wines in the world in this on the rise region .
The stellar 2007 vintage is getting a lot of attention around the world , so a visit is recommended before the crowds become unbearable , which seems almost inevitable for good reason .
Montalcino , Italy
It ’s hard to imagine any better place to be in the summer than in Tuscany .
This old hilltop town has been booming since the 1970s when its now world - famous wine , Brunello di Montalcino , began to receive praise .
It ’s now surrounded by the world ’s premier Sangiovese vineyards , and provides a stunning view of the Tuscan countryside .
Tampa , Florida , USA
While this city is not even close to a major wine region , it does have events and restaurants to make it one of the East Coast ’s best wine destinations .
Possibly the biggest draw is Bern ’s Steak House , which has an absurdly huge wine list .
There ca n’t be many other restaurants in the world offering a 1970 Pauillac for $ 18 per glass .
If that does n’t suit your style there are 150 other wines by the glass to choose from .
Pro tip : The Florida Wine Festival is held every April in nearby Sarasota .
New York , New York , USA
If money is no object , but drinking wine is , New York is hard to beat .
There ’s a particularly high concentration of wine bars in the East Village and Midtown .
If you ’re in Midtown , check out Clo WineBar above Columbus Circle for a high - tech , interactive wine experience .
The wine list is displayed on a touch screen bar top , and the wines are dispensed automatically throughout the room .
— The above was written by Steven Washuta , Seed contributor .
Yountville , California , USA
Tucked into the vastness that is Northern California ’s famous wine country , is this 5 - mile - long , cozy village .
Wine country has many excellent dining opportunities to enjoy with their world class wines — but Yountville beats them all with top restaurants ( several are Michelin ) .
It ’s hard to say which is better — the wine or the food — but wine pairing is what this area is all about .
Stay at the Villagio Inn , and explore the town ’s antique shops and art galleries .
And at night , get ready for Wine Pairing 101 , taught by some of the world ’s best sommeliers .
Oetigheim , Germany
This quaint town is home to Germany ’s largest open - air theater , the Volksschauspiele .
Nestled along the French border , this area also has it ’s own understated wine country : many of these vineyards grow the grapes that make German whites so famous and versatile .
The tiniest restaurants here pride themselves on their schnitzel or other old world dishes .
Pair a favorite with one of the regional , world class Rieslings — some are produced in such small quantity , you may not find this nectar anywhere else in the world .
Steamboat Springs , Colorado , USA
When you visit other cities , add a new wine to your repertoire .
As years go by , when you taste that varietal , it can take you right back to your special trip .
While known for world class skiing , Steamboat is a summer haven — to enjoy fresh mountain air , wine and music .
A tiny specialty grocer , Market on the Mountain , can assist you in packing the perfect picnic basket with your favorite cheeses , crusty bread and a Pinot Grigio , so you may enjoy the majestic beauty of Mt. Werner and the Yampa Valley .
Pro tip : try to visit during “ Strings on the Mountain ” — Steamboat ’s summer music festival ( though Strings also runs a winter concert series , as well ) .
London , England
London has it all — excellent wines from all over the world to pair with multiple cuisines , entertainment , and easy ways to get around without driving .
Start out in one of Mayfair ’s excellent restaurants ( we like the Greenhouse ) .
Ask the sommelier for a brand new release — or a warming Cabernet before taking the tube to the West End .
SoHo ’s wine tasting and dancing venues top off the night , and grab a taxi back to your place .
Wine , food , entertainment and transport are all integral to global scale , “ good times ” in the London scene .
Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , USA
Host to the nation ’s largest music festival ( Musikfest ) , Bethlehem has an historic “ Party Hearty ” reputation .
This may have originated with the 1741 settlers : Moravians ( who were wine - makers ) moving in alongside Germans ( who , even today , remain devoted wine - drinkers ) .
Gaining recognition is the region ’s wine industry ; Rieslings and Chambourcin are local favorites .
Stay in the historic district in one of the B&B ’s ( we like Morningstar Inn ) and discover the town .
Tour the wineries : Amore ’ , Franklin Hill and Blue Mountain .
This area ’s unique mix of history , music , and party provides lots of good times for Vino Explorers in search of new regional finds .
Pro tip for novice oenophiles :
Where ever you live — your town ( and home ) can become The Best Place for Wine Drinking .
Take time to train your palate by starting with a single varietal , maybe a Merlot , and stick with it for a while .
Then add another — perhaps a Pinot — and try that for a couple weeks .
Soon , you ’ll be able to tell the difference in a blind taste test .
When you ’re ready , try adding a Cabernet to the mix , but do n’t push this one .
And , when you visit other cities , add a new wine to your wine repertoire .
As years go by , when you taste that varietal , it can take you right back to your special trip .
– The above was written by Kris Myers , Seed contributor .
I love Creature From Black Lake but I 've never seen a good print of it .
Unfortunately it's one that I can't see getting a proper release because it 's so minor but it really is a wonderful little film .
Alright so I 've just watched another couple from this Bigfoot Terror set .
THE CAPTURE OF BIGFOOT is tremendous fun and never has a dull moment .
But SEARCH FOR THE BEAST is one of the worst films I 've ever sat through .
It has lots of big baps , some hillbilly banjo playing , a Bigfoot rape scene and a David Friedman cameo but do n't let that fool you .
It 's an appalling SOV atrocity that has a crap plot , crap editing , crap special effects and was painful to sit through , Andreas Schnaas would have been proud of it .
Thankfully it was only 69 minutes long though .
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0129358/
Check its IMDb page , it has a score of 1.4/10 and that is generous !
It looked way out of place in this Bigfoot set .
So Bigfoot Terror in my opinion contains 2 classics , 1 very entertaining potboiler and 1 of the worst films ever made .
£ 6 well spent I reckon .
It 's worth it alone for the Yeti chasing scene in Shriek Of The Mutilated when he shouts to Bigfoot " get back here you fool ! " .
How could I forget WEREWOLF AND THE YETI ?
Especially after I 've requested a DVD release so many times .
It 's a bad film I agree but it's also strangely engaging and the final battle is such a disappointment but also fascinating at the same time .
Viva Paul Naschy !
I love Creature From Black Lake but I 've never seen a good print of it .
Unfortunately it's one that I can't see getting a proper release because it 's so minor but it really is a wonderful little film .
Alright so I 've just watched another couple from this Bigfoot Terror set .
THE CAPTURE OF BIGFOOT is tremendous fun and never has a dull moment .
But SEARCH FOR THE BEAST is one of the worst films I 've ever sat through .
It has lots of big baps , some hillbilly banjo playing , a Bigfoot rape scene and a David Friedman cameo but do n't let that fool you .
It 's an appalling SOV atrocity that has a crap plot , crap editing , crap special effects and was painful to sit through , Andreas Schnaas would have been proud of it .
Thankfully it was only 69 minutes long though .
Check its IMDb page , it has a score of 1.4/10 and that is generous !
It looked way out of place in this Bigfoot set .
So Bigfoot Terror in my opinion contains 2 classics , 1 very entertaining potboiler and 1 of the worst films ever made .
£ 6 well spent I reckon .
It 's worth it alone for the Yeti chasing scene in Shriek Of The Mutilated when he shouts to Bigfoot " get back here you fool ! "
Embrace this moment .
Remember , we are eternal , all this pain is an illusion .
__________________Embrace this moment .
Remember , we are eternal , all this pain is an illusion .
Last edited by cloud ; 16th November 2008 at 09:29 PM .
Marta Kaczynska , daughter of the late Polish president Lech Kaczynski , and Jaroslaw Kaczynski , his twin brother , walk during the funeral at the President 's Palace in Warsaw on April 17 .
( ( Ints Kalnins / Reuters ) )
Polish opposition party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski says he will run in early presidential elections called after his twin brother was killed in a plane crash .
The elections were called for June 20 , after President Lech Kaczynski , his wife Maria and 94 others were killed April 10 in Smolensk , in western Russia .
They were travelling to Russia to attend a memorial for thousands of Polish army officers executed in the Katyn forest in 1940 by the Soviet NKVD secret police .
" The good of Poland is a common duty that requires an ability to overcome personal suffering , to undertake the task despite a personal tragedy , " Jaroslaw Kaczynski said .
The president 's term was to expire in December .
His brother said Monday he will run to continue the late president 's mission .
The twin politicians first won fame as child actors in the 1962 hit film The Two Who Stole The Moon .
They became politically active when they joined the anti-communist opposition in the 1970s .
They later served as advisers to the Solidarity movement in the 1980s and served briefly as advisers to Solidarity leader Lech Walesa during his 1990 - 95 presidency .
The twins founded the Law and Justice Party in 2001 .
In 2006 , Lech Kaczynski appointed his twin brother as prime minister , a post he filled until he was defeated in a 2007 general election .
Parliamentary Speaker Bronislaw Komorowski , who automatically became president upon the death of Kaczynski , is currently the front - runner in the election race .
He is a member of the governing Civic Platform party .
Also in the running is Grzegorz Napieralski of the Democratic Left Alliance .
Napieralski is running in place of Jerzy Szmajdzinski , who died in the same plane crash that claimed Kaczynski .
If no one candidate can garner more then 50 per cent of the vote , a run-off will be held July 4 .
The condo in the Palacio del Mar development just south of Mexico ’s Rosarito Beach spares no luxuries .
Travertine tile .
Stainless steel appliances .
A customized wine rack .
Then there ’s the view .
On one side is the glittering Pacific .
On another , just 30 feet away , is the half - completed shell of an adjacent condominium project .
The building looks like an abandoned parking garage , with floors of concrete piled atop one another and steel spikes poking out from the floor .
This luxury condo belongs to Dan McNeil , a Phoenix real estate investor who put it up for sale a year ago after the value of his properties above the border tanked .
He has n’t found a buyer yet ; this area is littered with vacation units for sale .
“ It paints a picture of a depressed economy , depressed conditions .
It does n’t make it look like a happy place to go live or vacation , ” McNeil said of his condo ’s lifeless neighbor .
These days , many views in northern Baja California feature both sea and skeleton .
Up and down the Pacific Coast from the Tijuana border to Ensenada , the concrete - and - steel frames of half - completed luxury towers stretch up into the sky .
Some of these oceanfront properties are surrounded by piles of garbage , fences and rusting beams .
Billboards that once advertised swanky real estate developments are now neglected , tatters of ads hanging off them as if they ’ve been shredded by a storm .
This area , about 30 miles south of San Diego , is one more casualty of the U.S. housing boom and bust .
As U.S. real estate values inflated during the bubble , American homeowners pulled equity from their properties and put down hefty deposits on vacation homes in planned developments in Baja , driving up prices here .
Many of those purchasers were speculators hoping to resell their units before construction was finished .
When the U.S. bubble burst , buyers vanished .
So did financing .
Some owners walked away , and cash - strapped developers halted projects midway .
Thousands of Baja properties are now for sale or for rent , or are only half completed .
Real estate experts estimate that prices have fallen 25 % to 30 % since the peak .
“ It was a gold mine to build a big tower on the beach , but once the market tanked , all of a sudden everyone wanted out , ” said Jean - Paul de Kervor , chief executive of Maquila Properties Inc. , a consulting firm in Baja California .
News of narco killings involving Mexican drug gangs in Baja is also keeping buyers and renters away .
“ It ’s a double whammy : Mexico is tied to the U.S. economy , then you have the added fear factor of what people read about the drug war , ” said Brian Flock of Flock Dream Homes , which sells real estate in San Diego and Baja .
Many American buyers in Baja put 30 % to 40 % down , which is typical in Mexico , with the balance due upon the completion of construction .
Now that the condos are finished , many purchasers do n’t have the cash or credit to close their deals , said Kathy Katz , co-owner of Baja Real Estate Group , which represents two of the largest developments on the coast .
“ At the time , the demand was there -- we sold out .
But now about half the people have pulled out , ” Katz said as she walked past squares of Italian porcelain , a tarp and a wheelbarrow in a luxury condo in the Palacio del Mar development .
Most developers have altered ambitious building plans since the real estate slowdown .
Although construction is complete on a fifth tower at the Calafia development , developer Groupo Gor is leaving the interiors of the condos unfinished until someone buys them .
The floors and walls are gray concrete covered in splotches of white paint .
Pipes and wires stick out of the floors .
Down the road in the Club Marena project , developer Marena Pacifico is waiting until the economy picks up to build a third luxury tower .
Next to a recently completed tower there ’s a deep pit gouged in the soil .
Behind it , what locals say is the world ’s second - largest statue of Jesus is perched on the hill .
In Las Gaviotas , an older community that features brick homes and tiled streets , about 15 % of the 298 homes are for sale , Katz said .
During the last decade those properties turned over only occasionally , she said .
At the 72 - unit Palacio del Mar , nearly 25 % of buyers have defaulted on their contracts .
McNeil , the Phoenix investor , purchased his three - bedroom condo for $ 477,000 after seeing ads for it three years ago on a Baja trip .
Then came the economic downturn .
McNeil , who owns five rental properties in the U.S. , saw his net worth cut in half .
He ’s now trying to sell the Mexican condo for $ 439,000 .
After 20 years of visiting Baja with his family , McNeil says he ’s finished with the seaside community .
“ I am pretty certain that I wo n’t be investing any more money in that area for a long time , ” he said .
Judging by the half - completed buildings that dot the coast , many other would - be Baja residents are in the same position .
There ’s the gigantic Residences at Playa Blanca , which advertises “ 24 - hour gourmet dining ” and a “ world class spa ” on banners next to the highway , but which remains frozen in construction , scaffolds and pipes lined up on the grounds .
The fortress - like condos at Las Olas Mar y Sol , which sit next to a steel skeleton structure , are surrounded by piles of trash .
Perhaps the best - known such flop is at Trump Ocean Resort Baja , a luxury hotel - condo project developed by Irongate Wilshire and PB Impulsores .
Flamboyant real estate tycoon Donald Trump licensed his name to the resort , whose units sold for as much as $ 3 million in splashy pre-construction sales events .
But the project was never built .
All that ’s visible now is a fenced - in hole , faded pink Trump Baja banners waving in the breeze .
Buyers , who are out $ 32.2 million in deposits , sued Trump and the developers last year .
The real estate bust and tourism slowdown have crippled businesses in Rosarito Beach .
On the main street , Boulevard Benito Juarez , sushi joints and coffee shops that cater to Americans sit empty .
Lupe Perez , owner of El Nido restaurant , says his business has dropped 80 % in the last year or so .
Still , he has resisted firing staff members .
“ This waiter has been here 28 years .
He ’s third generation .
I ca n’t tell him to just go home , ” Perez said , gesturing toward a man clearing off an empty table .
Some observers say the downturn in Baja is just a temporary blip and buyers will come back soon .
Rosarito Beach is on the coast , after all , and only about half an hour from San Diego .
Prices on three - bedroom condos on the shore start at around $ 280,000 , a fraction of what they ’d cost in the U.S .
But the promise of cheap real estate just across the border is n’t quite as appealing when there ’s plenty of it to be had in the U.S. too .
“ What ’s hurting us is that now you can buy a nice Vegas condo for $ 150,000 , ” Baja real estate agent Katz said .
“ We used to be that . ”
alana.semuels@
latimes.com
How does the Launch Box work ?
It ’s easy !
Magic - Flight has provided a nice User Guide , see the tab on the left .
But simply put , grind your clean blend material to a fine consistency using a regular grinder .
Slide the lid to one side and sprinkle your material into the trench .
Close the lid , firmly press a freshly charged battery into the Box , and start enjoying your vapor .
After each draw , withdraw the battery , and shake the Box to stir the material inside — this ensures that the Box is always fresh and ready when you need it .
Repeat as needed .
The stored electrical energy in the battery is carried to a heating element in the trench of the Box which gently warms your blends .
The Box provides just enough heat to release the active ingredients as a vapor without causing over - heating to occur .
how - the - mflb - works
What is the recommended technique for using the Launch Box ?
Start by looking into the draw hole or draw tube just after you put in the battery .
When you press the battery into the Box , you should see a light .
Wait until you can also see vapor appear , usually within a few seconds .
At this point begin your draw , using the temperature / taste of the vapor itself as a guide how fast to draw .
Faster drawing means cooler temperatures and slower drawing means hotter temperatures ; however , please be aware that under normal operating conditions , it is unlikely that you will be able to draw so slowly as to cause the taste to resemble that of traditional methods .
( this is by design )
Note that if you begin your draw too soon , you can easily cool down the screen too quickly and you will get little or no vapor .
If you wait too long , however , you will overheat and probably wind up with an unevenly cooked trench .
Whatever rate of draw you choose , continue until you can hold no more and then while holding your breath , shake the Box so as to tumble the loaded materials .
You only need to shake or tap the Box enough to ensure that the trench comes free and there is an even mixing of the loaded materials in the bottom of the groove ( or “ trench ” ) .
Breathe out while settling the materials in the trench again .
( A gentle side to side motion is usually enough for this , but the Box construction is robust so you can shake it as hard as you like . )
Look into down the draw hole to check for vapor again , and begin your next slow draw .
Repeat this cycle until the taste has changed significantly and / or the color of the blend has changed significantly .
When you are finished , remove the battery .
Again , if the blend has noticeably changed color , then it is certain that vapor has been produced .
Otherwise , please check that the battery is charged and that the Box is heating sufficiently .
You should have no trouble completely cooking a single trench with a single battery .
Micro-hitting is taking a series of quick short puffs with pauses between them but without exhaling , all on a single battery connection .
This method is capable of producing a thicker cloud , which is sought after by many users .
Keep in mind that thicker clouds are hotter and harsher , and could cause coughing .
Do I need to grind my dry herb before loading the Magic Flight Launch Box ?
YES !
It is important to have the material finely ground for best results .
Not grinding finely enough is a classic LB rookie mistake .
Your ground material should at least pass without pressure / force through the mesh of a common window screen .
If it is this fine or finer , then that is a good start .
Magic - Flight ’s standard “ calibration test load ” has an average “ grain size ” of 30 thousandths of an inch — it ’s fairly fine , but not powder .
That would be a 200 Mesh filter , or approximately 75 microns particulate .
Perhaps similar to an average grain of table salt and a little more .
Clean picked material is processed using a conventional grinder and then reprocessed using an electric grinder before grading — this provides a consistent standard to test with .
Most users would not need to go through this much effort .
Start with dry clean blend ( no stems or seeds ) and use a good grinder .
There are as many opinions about grinders as there are about vaporizers .
In general , however , it ’s agreed that a two - piece yields finer grind than a four - piece .
This is because the blend stays in the grinding area in a two - piece but falls through to a collecting chamber in a four - piece .
The suggested method to get finer grind from a four - piece is to invert it for a few turns .
This can be messy if you ’re using the powder catcher .
Electric ones work especially well , particularly on dry material ; however , it is easy to overgrind and some electrics can be difficult to keep clean — or more importantly to some , it can be hard to get back everything that went into one .
If your blend is n’t ground finely enough , it wo n’t heat evenly and your vapor yield is reduced .
Many users remove the blend after a couple of draws , when the material is thoroughly dry , and crumble it with their fingers before re-loading .
This exposes more area to vaporization and helps ensure even heating .
If in doubt , or concerned especially with efficiency , using smaller amounts can be helpful in some situations .
How much material goes in the trench in one load ?
Each filling will take between 50 to 100 milligrams of material ( depending on the blend , appx .
1/4 of a teaspoon ) .
We recommend that you add ground , loosely loaded material until it is level with the groove ( but do not fill the chamber ) , even if this may be more than you would normally need .
Because the Box is able to heat up nearly instantly ( no waiting ) , it is convenient to use .
Because the Box is also able to cool off again nearly instantly , it does not waste any material either .
The Box only requires battery power when you are actually drawing on it .
Instant on and instant off heating means you can control exactly when doses are delivered with the Box .
Vapor is dispensed only when you want it — which means no wasted vapors ( more efficient ) .
By removing the battery when you are done taking a draw , the rest of the un-vaped material can simply wait to be cooked later ( even hours later ) .
When not in use , the Box simply stores your loaded material unchanged .
This is very different than most other vape units which must cook the entire amount to completion once they have been started .
By filling to level , you will be getting more overall vapor per charged battery .
Each charged battery will provide the same heating in the Box whether it is fully loaded or empty .
Therefore , any part of the unit which is hot but not loaded wastes heat and battery charge .
You may as well load it fully and get the full benefit of the battery energy .
Also , under filling the Box can result in lower vapor density ( the ratio of vapor to air ) .
How long does it take for the Launch Box to pre-heat ?
Roughly four seconds .
Do I need to set the MFLB 's temperature every time I turn it on ?
The temperature of the Launch - Box is fixed .
There is no adjustment necessary .
What determines the vapor quality in the Launch Box ?
The grind level and consistency is very important to the Launch - Box .
A finer grind will be utilized far more efficiently .
Is the Launch Box compatible with liquids and concentrates ?
The Launch - Box was created for aromatic blends , but Magic - Flight has created some concentrate trays that sit inside the Launch - Box and allow for the use of liquids and concentrates .
If I put less than a full trench will it sill work well ?
Yes — it should work fine ; however , Magic - Flight recommends that people load it with unloaded material ( finely ground but not powder ) until it is level with the shoulder ( i.e. do not fill the entire chamber ) even though this might be more than you would normally need .
The instant - on and instant - off heating means that you can control the dosage via the heat and draw time .
Remove the battery when you are done taking a draw and the rest of the un-vaped material can simply wait to be cooked later ( even hours later ) .
Vapor is only produced when you want it — no heat latency means no wasted vapors .
This is very different than most other vape units which must cook the entire trough to completion once they have been started .
What is the Launch Box made from ?
The Launch - Box uses stainless steel for its trough , quality hardwoods for the box , and borosilicate glass for the stem .
What is the Magic Flight heating element made from ?
Stainless Steel
Will Launch
Box over heat my blends ?
With proper use , the Launch - Box should never overheat anything .
Proper use means shaking the trough between draws , not overloading , and taking repetitive small sips .
How thick / airy are the draws from the Magic Flight Launch Box ?
Done properly , you get a constant vapor supply .
The draw rate needs to be slow for this — think of sipping from a teacup .
If you pull too fast , it will get more airy .
The taste is an immediate feedback and a good guide .
What 's the smallest amount of material that will work in the MFLB ?
The Box will vape any amount less than a full trench without any problem .
You could put 1/100 of a trench in if that is what you wanted — and you would get at least 3/100ths vapor from it ( and probably a lot more , compared to traditional methods ) .
If you wanted to vaporize only / exactly one tiny speck — a single grain — of material , the Box is one of a very few vapes on the market ( short of lab gear ) that has any hope of doing this .
The only disadvantage is that nearly the same amount of battery power is consumed regardless of the trough size .
What is " Native Mode " and why would I use it ?
Native mode means drawing from the Box without using an attachment such as a whip or tube .
This is the intended usage mode for which the Box was originally designed / optimized .
Anything that is provided as an attachment is due to user choice , not because it is necessary .
In fact , using the Box in its native mode has the specific advantages of 1 ) increased efficiency ( since there is no condensation effect , there is no wasted / lost vapor ) , and 2 ) greater accuracy / sensitivity ( since the temp / taste feedback is not muted by distance ) .
Magic - Flight strongly suggests that people at least try to use the Box native as this will provide a much more satisfying experience overall .
A minor design point with the Box is that it can be used in native mode while lying down flat on your back .
The draw hole is positioned near the bottom edge of the Box allowing for one to hold the Box overhand ( if you are right handed ) and still be able to draw from the Box while keeping it level to the floor .
Your lower lip would be on the bottom face of the Box and the upper lip is just above the draw hole .
This makes using the Box accessible to people who are in a bed and cannot raise their head up .
Hows does the Magic Flight Launch Box control heat ?
The user manages the temperature with breath control .
This tends to be a far more practical , responsive , and reliable “ feedback circuit ” than anything that could be built digitally — especially when different users have different needs .
It tends to get around the parallel problems of “ is it set right ? ” and “ one setting for everyone ” somewhat automatically .
Our recommendation is to ensure that the lips are placed a little above and below the draw hole and to receive the vapor in whole form into the open cavity of the mouth .
If the temp / taste seems high , draw a little faster ( has a cooling effect ) , or alternately , stop the heating and start over .
It is best to leave a little bit of lung capacity to draw the remaining vapor fully into the lungs before releasing .
A long steady draw is optimal .
The steady state method is more vapor efficient and more accurately reflects the design method - of - usage intentions of the Box .
The battery is left in for the duration of the draw , or if taking multiple draws , for as long as the trough lasts .
You must remember to retract , remove , or invert the battery when you are finished taking draws off the Box .
Like with the wind , faster tends to mean cooler .
To get higher temperatures in the load , you need to draw very slowly .
If drawing directly from the Box ( ie , using the Box in the “ native mode ” ) , you will also be able to sense the temperature of the vapor stream as well as the taste ( this is the recommended practice ) .
For best taste , it is important to tap or shake ( stir ) the Box frequently .
What temp is the Launch Box screen ?
The Box is usually calibrated to be at 380 Fahrenheit four seconds after the moment the Box is started , assuming a fairly slow constant draw rate and average environmental conditions
How do you control the temperature of the MFLB ?
The temperature in the device is controlled by the draw rate ( ie , breath control ) .
Like with the wind , faster tends to mean cooler .
To get higher temperatures in the load , you need to draw very slowly .
By drawing directly from the Box ( ie , using the Box in the ‘ native ’ mode ) , you will also be able to sense the temperature of the vapor stream as well as the taste ( this is the recommended practice ) .
Also , the battery is left in only for the duration of the draw , ( or if taking multiple draws in quick succession , for as long as the blend lasts ) .
The Box user MUST remember to retract or remove the battery when you are finished taking a draw , otherwise the blend will get too hot .
How do I ensure even vaporization when using the Launch Box ?
The most common complaint from a new user is that it does not cook evenly .
The degree of evenness is primarily a result of these factors :
The fineness of the grind .
The degree of blend mixing , via stirring , tumbling , or shaking .
The volume of the load .
the average length of time in any given heating cycle ( or draw ) .
the average length of time in any given heating cycle ( or draw ) .
The importance of grinding finely cannot be overstressed .
To achieve optimal evenness : grind fine , load less , heat longer ( but do n’t wait for the battery ! ) , and mix / shake often and thoroughly .
Under these conditions the Box can deliver very even and complete extractions .
Almost every user who reports uneven heating learns to correct the problem with proper grinding and technique .
Are batteries included with the Launch Box ?
The Magic - Flight Launch Box is shipped with two peeled AA rechargeable NiMh battery ( 2000 mAh or higher ) and a compact battery charger .
Additional stock batteries compatible with the Launch Box may be purchased from the Online Store .
We recommend that frequent users purchase extra stock batteries .
Warning : alkaline or any other battery chemistry will not work with the Box .
You MUST use NiMH type rechargeable batteries .
Rechargeable batteries must be fully charged before use ( about 4 hours of charge time with our bundled charger ) , and may be left in the provided charger between sessions .
A single fully charged battery can be expected to provide enough power for 5 minutes of drawable vapor .
Can I use other batteries with my Magic Flight Launch Box ?
The Launch - Box will work with other batteries besides the ones included with the original Launch - Box Complete Kit , however they must still be NIMH rechargeable batteries , and have their labels peeled off .
Do I need the Launch - Box battery caps ?
The Launch - Box battery caps are an important item to keep with your batteries .
These caps should be placed on the nippled end of your batteries when they are not on the charger or in use .
This will prevent the batteries from coming in contact with coins , keys , or other items that may cause the battery to heat .
How many loads will a fully charged Launch Box battery last for ?
The simplest and easiest way is to figure that one battery will support ( roughly ) one trough .
One trough will provide between 4 to 8 draws , depending on your usage / taste preferences .
Some people will be able to get more than this ( 2 or 3 loads ) or more draws per trough ( up to 12 ) , but we recommend keeping more charged batteries on hand than you think you may need .
For example , let ’s say you are calculating how many batteries you will need on a camping trip .
A conservative estimate would be to figure that one Box filling will be sufficient for one person and will require one charged battery .
Therefore , if you had two people who wanted to use the same Box twice a day for two days , that would be 8 Box loads and therefore 8 charged batteries .
How many times will the Launch Box 's batteries recharge ?
The provided batteries , if treated well ( not overheated ) can be expected to support 500 recharge cycles .
Therefore , even a heavy user who works the Box several times a day can expect the rechargeable batteries to last quite a long time ( think months , if not years ) .
Although we do not make the batteries , we have found them to be very reliable over the long term .
How well does the Launch Box perform in the cold ?
The biggest potential problem in cold ( below freezing ) temperatures is loss of battery power .
All batteries perform less effectively when they get cold .
If the batteries are kept reasonably warm , e.g. in an inside pocket next to your body , the Box will work just fine .
Is there an auto - shutoff on the Launch Box ?
Inside the battery slot should be a foam ‘ pushback ring ‘ that slightly ejects your battery when you stop squeezing .
How should I clean my Launch Box and parts ?
Always unplug the vaporizer from the electrical outlet if using the AC adapter and allow to cool COMPLETELY before cleaning , 30 minutes should be sufficient .
Do not attempt any internal or external repairs to your unit as doing so may cause fatal injury – or worse – void your warranty !
( Please contact us if you feel something is wrong with your vaporizer . )
The Box should n’t require much maintenance or cleaning if you brush it out after each load .
This technique has been proven to work well : 1 With the cover open , turn the Box over and dump whatever residue is left after your last vaping session ( the ‘ ABV ’ ) .
2
Make sure the screen is cool , then brush gently .
3
Blow against the screen to remove any remaining dust .
Remember to do this after every load .
It is okay to use isopropyl alcohol to clean the draw tube accessory , as long as you do not leave it in the alcohol for too long ( minutes are fine ; hours are not good ) .
One good method is to use a regular pipe cleaner soaked in ISO to clean the acrylic draw tube , and then allow it to dry .
It ’s also okay to wipe down the outside of the Box with a soft cloth and a gentle cleaner ( perhaps a drop of dishwashing liquid ) but remember how you use it .
If you do use a soap make sure you do n’t get it inside the heating chamber , and of course do n’t leave residue on the areas that you put in your mouth .
Always make sure your vaporizer is COMPLETELY dry before plugging it back in .
How often should I clean my Launch Box ?
Inspect your Launch - Box often , specifically the screen and glass stem .
Use the included brush on the screen , or heat an empty chamber on high for deeper cleaning if necessary .
Is it okay to use isopropyl alcohol on my Launch Box ?
Yes , but only on the glass stem .
See the ‘ Cleaning ’ tab for full cleaning instructions .
What is replaceable on my Launch Box ?
The Launch - Box is a very indestructible vaporizer .
Very few things could break on it , but if they do , Magic - Flight has a lifetime warranty .
How durable is the Launch Box vaporizer ?
Is the screen replaceable ?
Overall , the Box is very durable ( can be dropped without harm , etc ) .
Occasionally people break the lid off when the Box is open ( do n’t hold the box by the lid ) , or by dropping it on an especially hard surface .
The Box is designed to withstand side to side shaking as part of the normal technique of usage .
The only part which is delicate is the internal screen which is very thin — use only the provided brush as a tool in direct contact with the screen .
The screen itself is not replaceable .
If the screen becomes damaged ( whatever the reason ) we send a replacement Box unit for free ( it ’s part of the warranty ) .
Does the MFLB screen get dirty ?
No , generally not .
By acting as an emission surface , it rarely collects any sort of residue , even after long term usage .
It is normal , however , for the color of the screen to darken with time .
This does not affect the functionality of the Box .
Is it okay to run the Launch Box with an empty trench to cook off any residual particles that the brush misses to keep it clean ?
Yes that is fine .
Just be sure that the battery does not get too hot — do not leave it in too long ( ie , not more than 60 seconds ) .
Is it okay to blow back into the Launch Box vaporizer to clear all the spent material ?
Yes .
The screen is not that fragile — you can use the brush too .
Opening the Box lid and blowing directly into it sharply is usually enough to clear everything .
Magic - Flight emphasizes the screen in the instructions as there are some purchasers who are less than mechanically adept and need to be told — else they will likely damage the screen .
The Plexiglas cover is starting to get grungy on the inside just over the trench , how can I clean it ?
Open the Box and turn it over .
Place the cover on a sturdy flat surface .
Apply a light coating of toothpaste , just enough to cover the dirty area .
Use an old toothbrush or even a paper towel to rub gently in a circular motion until the cover is clean .
Be careful not to apply pressure in a way that could snap the cover .
Rinse with a little water .
( Most people are n’t aware that toothpaste contains a fine abrasive that is excellent for cleaning Plexiglas .
It will even remove fine scratches . )
My Launch
Box screen started to come loose , can I fix it ?
Go ahead and try to tuck it back .
( A flat wooden toothpick is a good tool for this ) .
If you have any troubles and / or are unable to close the gap ( ie , if material ends up below the screen ) , just send Magic - Flight a private note with your address and Box number and they will send you a functional warranty replacement unit .
Will the Magic Flight screen get clogged ?
The screen tends to not clog because it does not act as a condensation surface — in fact , it is a significant aspect of the Box design to avoid the possibility of condensation to the largest extent possible .
Due to the inherent distribution of heat , the screen is unlikely to clog as in other devices because it is never colder than the loaded material , even after months of usage .
Naturally , this makes maintaining the Box easier .
What is the Magic Flight Launch Box made out of ?
Is it safe ?
The following materials are used in the construction of the Box : Select maple hardwoods Stainless steel screen ( the same material used in high - end cookware )
There is no solder ( lead ) used in screen bonding .
Acrylic ( Plexi - glass ) cover Steel pins and a stainless steel spring clip ( for the cover )
The added / optional draw pipe accessory ( not necessary to use the Box ) are now made of glass ( they were previously made of Acrylic ) .
There are no hazardous materials used anywhere in the Box , so yes , the Box is safe .
None of these components or materials ever get hot enough to be of any concern .
How long is the warranty on the Launch Box ?
Lifetime !
Is the MFLB warranty extendable ?
Lifetime warranties wo n’t require extension .
I purchased my Launch Box at vapor , and I think I have a warranty issue .
Who do I contact , vapor or Magic Flight ?
Magic - Flight handles all warranty requests for the Launch - Box .
See the ‘ Warranty ’ tab on the left for more information .
How do I register the Warranty for the Launch Box ?
Your warranty begins on your purchase date .
When you contact Magic - Flight , all you need is the serial number on your Launch - Box .
I just received my Launch Box and was wondering why it did not come with the little velvet carrying bag that has been advertised for years with this unit ?
Magic - Flights are no longer shipping the kits with velvet pouches .
Please note that the velvet bag ’s purpose was to protect and create padding inside the kit in transit .
Through research it was found that the bags were not well received in use .
To create greater protection in the kits during transit they have introduced the upgraded felt - lined tins , all tins are now being shipped with felt lining .
Why did n't my Magic Flight Launch
Box come with any elastic bands ?
The Magic - Flight has been updated with a new lid that clicks in place without needing the bands to stay closed .
Can you replace the screen on the Launch Box ?
The screen is soldered into the unit and can be easily cleaned with the included brush .
If the screen tears or becomes loose , this will be covered under the manufacturer ’s lifetime warranty .
Is the Launch Box warranty transferable ?
Yes .
The warranty applies to whomever is the current owner / user of the Box .
Each Launch
Box has a unique serial number .
The warranty is transferable as long as that particular serial number has not been previously warrantied .
Each warranty replacement box that is issued contains a new unique serial number .
As a company we track the history of each serial number that is issued and will know if someone is attempting to warranty the same serial number twice .
Once a warranty claim has been approved it is our policy to send out the replacement box along with directions on sending the old box back .
We do this as a convenience to our Launch Box owners so that they will be without their box the least amount of time possible .
It is a courtesy to them , it is also a matter of good faith and trust that they will return the used box back to us .
If a Launch Box owner submitted a warranty claim with us , but instead of sending their old Box back , they elected to sell it to you instead , they are in violation of their lifetime functional warranty .
If you purchase a used box , and it has already been warrantied before , this renders the warranty invalid for both boxes .
We do not recommend purchasing used units , buy used units at your own risk .
If you must buy used , only buy used units from people you trust or personally know .
If you are purchasing a used unit but are n’t sure about it ’s warranty status , you may email us with the serial number and we will verify it ’s validity for you .
Will Magic
Flight honor the warranty even if I break the Box through my own mistake ?
Yes they will .
They will even warranty units that have been modified for reasons of artistry or improved functionality .
They do make an exception for units which in their opinion were deliberately damaged ( ie , for the purpose of making a warranty claim ) will be charged at full retail price .
So with this warranty , if my Launch Box vaporizer breaks a year from now , the warranty will still cover it ?
What if it breaks 20 years from now ?
From Magic - Flight : Yes , we really do mean it — if you contact us in 20 years with a broken Box , we will issue a replacement .
The standard assumptions apply — that we still exist , etc .
Contacting us by email is probably the most reliable means of communication .
We do try to answer everything within one business day , but allow us at least 2 in case it gets really busy .
Instead of warranty replacement , can Magic Flight repair my customized / exotic wood box ?
Not all problems are repairable , however Magic - Flight will work to issue as near an equivalent a replacement as is available in such cases .
To repair a unit that has had artistic embellishments or for special woods , you will have to send an email with a description of the problem ( pictures recommended ) , the box serial number , and the postal return address , indicating clearly that this is to be a unit repair , rather than a warranty replacement .
If Magic - Flight accepts that repair , rather than replacement , is the best option , they will provide instructions for packaging and returning the unit to the factory .
Typically , for all returned units the screen must be completely removed , the wood cleaned as best as possible , and then the Box must be securely and completely wrapped in foil and sealed in a zip lock bag .
It is important that the email correspondence with the return address be included in the return package so that Magic - Flight ’s staff can track it more easily .
Depending on the nature of the repair , it could take up to 4 weeks to process it and send it back .
At this point in the cycle , the generic ballot is n't the best predictor of November 's final results , but nonetheless this is a nice trend to see :
CNN , 4/9- 11 .
MoE 3.5 % ( 3/28 results )
Generic ballot preference
among registered voters :
Democratic Party : 50 % ( 45 % )
Republican Party : 46 % ( 49 % )
That 's an 8 - point swing in the Democratic Party 's direction in the wake of the passage of health care reform .
It 's also the first CNN generic ballot showing the Democrats leading since mid-November .
A couple of other interesting findings from the poll :
First :
In the ( unfortunately ) unlikely event Sarah Palin were to run for president , she'd be in real trouble .
69 % of registered voters think she 's unqualified to be President and she trails President Obama by a 55 % - 42 % margin .
Second : Among Republicans , Mike " The Gay Basher " Huckabee is the leader of the field .
Huckabee took 24 % , leading Mitt Romney ( 20 % ) , Palin ( 15 % ) , Newt Gingrich ( 24 % ) , and Ron Paul ( 8 % ) .
There 's a big gulf between the GOP 's elite and their rank - and - file : Although Mitt Romney won last weekend 's straw poll at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference , Huckabee managed just 4 % of the straw poll vote of GOP insiders .
It 'll be interesting to see how that plays out in the event Huckabee runs .
Update , 1:18 PM : Contra CNN 's poll , Gallup shows the GOP with a 4 - point edge in the generic ballot , a net gain of 4 points from last week 's tie .
The moon Prometheus creates an intricate pattern of perturbation in Saturn 's F ring while the moon Daphnis disturbs the A ring in this image taken after the planet 's August 2009 equinox .
Prometheus ( 86 km , or 53 mi across ) can be seen between the thin F ring and the A ring in the middle left of the image .
The gravity of potato - shaped Prometheus periodically creates streamer - channels in the F ring .
Near the bottom of the image , Daphnis ( 8 km , or 5 mi across ) can be seen creating edge waves in the Keeler Gap of the A ring .
The moon has an inclined orbit and its gravitational pull perturbs the orbits of the particles of the A ring , forming the Keeler Gap 's edge , and sculpts the edge into waves having both horizontal ( radial ) and out - of - plane components .
Image acquired on Aug. 22 , 2009 with a scale of 12 km ( 7 mi ) per pixel .
( NASA / JPL / SSI ) #
( CNN ) -- Actor Gary Coleman is in critical condition in a Provo , Utah , hospital , a hospital spokeswoman said Thursday .
Janet Frank , the spokeswoman for Utah Valley Regional Medical Center , confirmed that Coleman , 42 , was being treated there after being admitted on Wednesday .
Frank would not release any other information .
Calls to Coleman 's publicist were not immediately returned .
Coleman is best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold Drummond on TV's " Diff'rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s .
The former child actor was hospitalized briefly three months ago after suffering a seizure while being interviewed on a TV show in Los Angeles , California .
CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has always said electoral reform would be a key point of negotiation in a hung parliament .
Now both Labour and the Conservatives have pledged some movement towards changing the voting system .
Here is a guide to the issue :
What is the current system ?
For Westminster elections , it 's first - past - the - post - the candidate who gets the most votes in their constituency is elected as the MP .
If one party gets an overall majority - more MPs than all the other parties put together - they form the government .
If no party gets an overall majority it is called a hung parliament and two or more parties would be expected to work together to form a government .
You can read more in our general election FAQs .
How different systems work First - past - the - post Single transferable vote Alternative vote Alternative vote plus Simple proportional representation First - past - the - post What happened in 2010
In the current system , people get a single vote for who they want to represent their constituency and whichever candidate gets the most votes wins .
UK use : Election to Westminster and local government in England and Wales .
Single transferable vote Applied to 2010 result Several constituencies are combined and voters rank the candidates .
Members are elected once they pass a certain number of votes , known as a quota .
UK use : Used in Northern Ireland for elections to Assembly , European Parliament and local government .
Also used for local elections in Scotland .
Alternative vote Applied to 2010 result Voters rank the candidates .
If no candidate has 50 % of first preferences then second preferences are counted and so on until someone has a majority .
UK use : By-elections to Northern Ireland Assembly .
Alternative vote plus Applied to 2010 result
The same as AV to elect most of the Commons but with a second element - the " plus " part - which would be used to elect 100 MPs in a more directly proportional system .
AV + has yet to be put into practice anywhere in the world .
Proportional representation Applied to 2010 result
The crudest version of proportional representation would give all parties seats in parliament based directly on their share of the vote .
In practice , countries which employ PR have thresholds in place to screen out the smallest parties .
Simple PR is not in use in the UK .
Source : Electoral Reform Society
Why do the Lib Dems want the voting system changed ?
They see it as unfair , saying first - past - the - post discriminates against smaller parties .
Despite getting 23 % of the vote in the election , the Lib Dems only won 9 % of seats .
Reformers say too many votes are effectively wasted in safe seats where either Labour or Conservatives have large , in - built majorities , and this depresses turnout .
Results , they say , increasingly hinge on the preferences of a small number of voters in a handful of swing constituencies which is undemocratic .
What do they propose ?
The Lib Dems support the Single Transferable Vote ( STV ) system .
They say this will give people " the choice between candidates as well as parties " .
How does STV work ?
Instead of marking an X against just one candidate , the voter puts a 1 for their first choice , a 2 for their second , and so on .
If a voter 's number one choice reaches or exceeds a certain number of votes ( known as the quota ) , they are elected .
If the winning candidate received more votes than the quota , then the excess votes are transferred proportionately to other candidates based on the choices of those who voted for the winner .
If no candidate in the second round meets the quota , then the candidate with the least votes is eliminated .
The second preference votes of those who voted for that candidate are transferred to the next round .
These transfers and eliminations continue until the number of candidates meeting the vote threshold is the same as the number of seats to be filled .
What else is different in the STV system ?
It would mean the end to the current single - member constituencies for Westminster elections ( you can find yours by clicking here ) .
STV is designed for large , regional multi-member constituencies .
According to one study , rural constituencies would become much larger , while some cities could see constituencies with electorates of 350,000 people .
Parties would be able to field more than one candidate in each constituency - meaning a voter could vote for both the candidate and the party they prefer .
So Labour do n't want STV ?
They may not want STV , but they are quite keen on a different system known as the Alternative Vote ( AV ) .
It was in Labour 's 2010 manifesto , and the BBC understands from Lib Dem sources that as part of coalition negotiations , Labour is offering to bring in AV , followed by a referendum on proportional representation .
How is AV different ?
AV sees voters rank candidates in order of preference and anyone getting more than 50 % in the first round is elected .
If that does n't happen , the candidate with the fewest votes is eliminated and their second choices allocated to the remaining candidates .
This process continues until a winner emerges .
Why would that be seen as fairer ?
Under the current system , many MPs are elected on a minority of the overall vote in their constituency .
Under the AV system , MPs could not be elected without the backing of at least 50 % of voters in a constituency .
This would increase the legitimacy of MPs - seen as an important factor in the wake of the MP expenses scandal - and increase choice .
Would AV have changed history ?
Is this proportional representation ?
No .
Parties could still form a government with less than 50 % of first choice votes .
Campaigners such as the Electoral Reform Society want a proportional system where the number of seats a party wins is more closely aligned with the number of votes they get .
Why are Labour now into electoral reform ?
The party will say it has been committed to reform since the 1997 manifesto which pledged them to " recommend a proportional alternative to the first - past - the - post system " .
However , while alternatives to first - past - the - post have been introduced for elections to the devolved administrations , the European Parliament and London Assembly , changing the system for Westminster elections has yet to happen .
It was n't until after the MPs ' expenses scandal that Gordon Brown put forward the case for change .
The government tried to introduce legislation that would require a referendum to be held by October 2011 in the Constitutional Reform and Governance Bill .
However , this was dropped from the bill during the pre-election rush to get stuff through Parliament because of Conservative opposition .
Is Labour 's backing for AV enough to get the Lib Dems ' support ?
In some ways yes , in some ways no .
The Lib Dems argue that AV is not proportional , and can actually produce less proportional results than the traditional first - past - the - post system .
In an added twist , Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said in an interview in March that they would support an enhanced version of the Alternative Vote - known as AV +.
What 's AV +?
AV + is the Alternative Vote as outlined above , but as well as voters ranking constituency candidates in order of preference , they would get a second vote at a regional level either for a party or for their favourite candidate from a list proposed by the parties .
This would mean having a group of constituency MPs and a group of " party list " MPs .
Some commentators think having two different kinds of MP is a disadvantage of this system .
It is also not used anywhere in the UK at the moment .
Its supporters say AV + is more reflective of the proportions of votes cast , and retains the MP - constituency links of first - past - the - post .
What is the Conservatives ' position ?
The Conservatives have been hitherto opposed to proportional representation and before the election , David Cameron said : " It does n't put power in the hands of the people , it puts power in the hands of politicians . "
He added that first - past - the - post " is a decisive way of changing our government . "
Post election , however , the party leadership made a dramatic about turn during coalition negotiations and offered a referendum on the Alternative Vote system .
How does the electoral system work in Scotland and Wales ?
Voting for the Scottish Parliament and Welsh Assembly is done through what is known as an additional member system .
Some representatives are elected via the traditional first past the post method but voters get to cast a second vote for " top - up " seats , allocated in proportion to the number of votes .
These representatives are selected on a regional basis from lists of candidates drawn up by each party - with five regions in Wales and eight in Scotland .
What about Northern Ireland ?
In Northern Ireland local and Assembly elections ( and Scottish local elections ) , voting is done on a single transferable vote basis which sees more than one candidate elected from a single constituency .
Voters number candidates in order of preference and all those passing a defined threshold - calculated by dividing the number of valid votes by the number of seats plus one - are elected .
Their surplus votes are distributed to other candidates on the basis of other preferences with low - scoring candidates being progressively eliminated .
What about mayoral elections ?
The Mayor of London and other UK mayors are elected through a system known as the supplementary vote .
Voters choose their first and second preferences and a candidate can only be elected in the first round if they get 50 % of the vote .
If no - one achieves this , all but the top two candidates are eliminated and their second preferences redistributed to the candidates still in the race .
The candidate with the most votes is then elected .
This is only suitable for electing a single office holder or MP .
How do they do things in the European Elections ?
Voters in the recent European elections used a party list system .
The UK was divided into large constituencies and different parties put together lists of candidates for election , with their preferred choices at the top .
Seats were allocated , on a top - down basis , in proportion to parties ' share of the vote .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON  Internal documents from BP show that there were serious problems and safety concerns with the Deepwater Horizon rig far earlier than those the company described to Congress last week .
The problems involved the well casing and the blowout preventer , which are considered critical pieces in the chain of events that led to the disaster on the rig .
The documents show that in March , after several weeks of problems on the rig , BP was struggling with a loss of “ well control . ”
And as far back as 11 months ago , it was concerned about the well casing and the blowout preventer .
On June 22 , for example , BP engineers expressed concerns that the metal casing the company wanted to use might collapse under high pressure .
How a mother is supposed to decide what vaccines are safe , when the governments change their minds so frequently , is anyone ’s guess .
One minute the government makes it categorically clear that the measles vaccine should never , under any circumstances , be given to a child under the age of nine months , the next minute they are saying the complete opposite and actually advising it .
Take this circular that was issued to the government in 1968 , entitled Notes on the use and storage of Measles vaccine ( live attenuated ) for routine vaccines for example .
Click here to see the government document on the measles vaccine .
It clearly states under Section 7 – Routine Vaccination that live measles vaccine should not be given to children below the age of nine months since it usually fails to immunise such children , owing to the presence of maternally transmitted antibodies .
This was the advice from the good old JCVI who at the same time said that the vaccine should instead be given to children in their second year of life after the completion of the immunisation against diphtheria , tetanus whooping cough and polio .
However despite this advice , reports are now saying the complete and utter opposite .
I do appreciate times move on and medical advances do as well but something as fundamental as ‘ the presence of maternally transmitted antibodies ’ , does leave me to question this new research .
OK moving swiftly on .
In the 1968 report in Section 6 – Reactions it says :-
“ Mild febrile reactions and transient rashes may be expected to follow the administration of the vaccine in a substantial proportion of cases .
The rise of body temperature which may occur from 5 to 10 days after vaccination – usually about the 8th day – is due to the multiplication of the attenuated virus .
This febrile reaction , when it occurs , seldom lasts more than 24 to 48 hours .
The Committee on Safety of Drugs has agreed that severe and unusual reactions to measles vaccine should be reported on the yellow card used for reporting adverse reactions to drugs .
The Committee does not however , wish to receive reports of mild febrile reactions and rashes associated with the use of this vaccine . ”
I bet it does n’t as this may clog up the system .
So what this actually says is , a mother lets her perfectly healthy baby have a vaccine that will give the baby a mild dose of measles , while risking her child ’s health with other adverse reactions to save her child from ultimately catching measles .
Totally bizarre thinking if you ask me .
What this also proves is that the UK government as far back 1968 knew that the measles vaccine gave children adverse reactions , in fact , after reading the papers it is very clear that they seem quite happy to be offering babies a vaccine that they admit in a substantial proportion of cases gives them high fevers and rashes .
Well I guess you could say it is all in a days work to them and on this score nothing has actually changed .
Currently the measles vaccine is not being given as a single vaccine and is being given instead as part of the MMR .
This now means that your baby can expect to enjoy aÂ few more side effects than he / she would have had from the single measles vaccine .
“ How safe is the MMR vaccine ?
“ The drug company that makes the MMR vaccine publishes an extensive list of warnings , contraindications , and adverse reactions associated with this triple shot .
These may be found in the vaccine package insert available from any doctor giving MMR , and in the Physician ’s Desk Reference ( PDR ) at the library .
( 8,9 ) The following afflictions affecting nearly every body system — blood , lymphatic , digestive , cardiovascular , immune , nervous , respiratory , and sensory — have been reported following receipt of the MMR shot : encephalitis , encephalopathy , neurological disorders , seizure disorders , convulsions , learning disabilities , subacute sclerosing panencephalitis ( SSPE ) , demyelination of the nerve sheaths , Guillain - Barre ’ syndrome ( paralysis ) , muscle incoordination , deafness , panniculitis , vasculitis , optic neuritis ( including partial or total blindness ) , retinitis , otitis media , bronchial spasms , fever , headache , joint pain , arthritis ( acute and chronic ) , transverse myelitis , thrombocytopenia ( blood clotting disorders and spontaneous bleeding ) , anaphylaxis ( severe allergic reactions ) , lymphadenopathy , leukocytosis , pneumonitis , Stevens - Johnson syndrome , erythema multiforme , urticaria , pancreatitis , parotitis , inflammatory bowel disease , Crohn ’s disease , ulcerative colitis , meningitis , diabetes , autism , immune system disorders , and death ( Figure 49 ) . ( 10,11 ) ”
The most interesting fact given in the 1968 circular and something that needs a great deal of thinking about today is in Section 8 – Relation to other immunising procedures where it offers the following advice :-
“ An interval of three to four weeks should normally be allowed to elapse between the administration of measles vaccine and any other vaccine , whichever is given first . ”
My question is , if this is so , then why the hell did they dream up putting the measles vaccine into a multi vaccine just a few years later ?
It is obvious to me that their very clear advice seems to have gone completely out the window , as nowadays , not only is the measles vaccine part of a multi vaccine but now they are saying it is safe to give children many vaccines in one day .
In fact Paul Offit is actively giving the advice to parents that multiple vaccines are quite safe saying that even as many as 100,000 are perfectly safe .
I wonder how he would feel offering to be the pin cushion he wants our children to be .
Dr Offit
“ Paul Offit , M.D. , chief of infectious diseases at the Children ’s Hospital of Philadelphia and the Henle Professor of Immunologic and Infectious Diseases at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine , is the Chief US spokesman / liar for vaccination .
The Voice of Sauron .
On the board of Every Child By Two .
Believes children can safely take 100,000 vaccines ! ”
Mind you in saying this according to some he does share the patent on the Rotavirus vaccine Rotateq , that looks to have made him millions .
Honestly what some people will do to get rich is beyond me .
Firing the Cosmic Trigger " ... information is the source of all wealth " with Robert Anton Wilson RobertAnton Wilson earned his doctorate in psychology from Hawthorn University .
From 1966 - 1971 he was Associate Editor of Playboy , and since then he has written over 26 popular books .
He is perhaps best known for Illuminatus !
a classic science fiction trilogy which he co-authored with Robert Shea .
His Schroedinger 's
Cat trilogy was called " the most scientific of all science - fiction novels " by New Scientist , and has been reprinted in many languages .
In the area of social philosophy Bob wrote such books as Cosmic Trigger , Prometheus Rising , and The New Inquisition He also wrote the introduction to my first book Brainchild .
Bob has appeared as a stand - up comic at many clubs around the world , and regularly teaches seminars at New Age centers such as the Esalen Institute .
Bob 's poetry has been widely published and in 1 986 he was a guest of the Norwegian government at the Oslo International Poetry Festival .
Bob has also starred in collaboration with the Golden Horde on a Punk Rock record entitled The Chocolate Biscuit Conspiracy , and a comedy record called Secrets of Power .
Bob 's play Wilhelm Reich in Hell was performed at the Edmund Burke Theatre in Dublin in 1986 , and many other theatres .
H epresently lives in Santa Cruz , where he continues to write , and co-edit the futurist journal Trajectories with his wife Arlen .
We interviewed Bob on the evening of June 18th , 1989 , at his previous home in West Los Angeles .
A sharp - witted imp with a Brooklyn accent and a twinkle in his eye , Bob never fails to have a joke up his sleeve .
He is a jolly prankster with an alchemical talent for blending cultural mythos .
Bob spoke with us about the Illuminati conspiracy , brain machines , synchronicity , mysticism and science , nanotechnology , ecology , extraterrestrials , and the mysterious mythic connection between Satan and Santa Claus .
DJB RMN : What was it that first sparked your interest in consciousness enhancement ?
ROBERT : Korzybski's Science and Sanity .
I was in engineering school and I picked up the book in the Brooklyn Public Library .
He talked about different levels of organization in the brain - animal circuits , human circuits and so on .
And he talked a lot about getting back to the non-verbal level and being able to perceive without talking to yourself while you 're perceiving .
It was 1957 .
I was very interested in jazz at that time , and I told a black friend about some of Korzybski's exercises to get to the non-verbal level , and he said , " Oh , I do that every time I smoke pot . "
I got interested .
I said , " Could I buy one of these marijuana cigarettes from you ? "
He said , " Oh hell , I ' 11 give it to you free . "
And so I smoked it .
I found myself looking at a quarter I found in my pocket and realizing I had n't looked at a quarter in twenty years or so , the way a child looks at a quarter .
So I decided marijuana was doing pretty much the same thing Korzybski was trying to do with his training devices .
Then shortly after that I heard a lecture by Alan Watts , and I realized that Zen , marijuana and Korzybski were all relating the same transformations of consciousness .
That was the beginning .
DJB : Many of your books deal with a secret society called the Illuminati .
How did your fascination with this organization begin ?
ROBERT : It was Greg Hill and Kerry Thornley who founded the Discordian Society , which is based on the worship of Eris , the Goddess of Chaos , discord , confusion , bureaucracy and international relations .
They have no dogmas , but one catma .
The catma is that everything in the universe relates to the number 5 , one way or another , given enough ingenuity on the part of the interpreter .
I found the Discordian Society to be the most satisfactory religion I had ever encountered up until that point , so I became a Discordian Pope .
This is done by excommunicating all the Discordian Popes you can find and setting up your own Discordian Church .
This is based on Greg 's teaching that we Discordians must stick apart .
Anyway , in 1968 Jim Garrison , the D.A. of New Orleans -- the jolly green Frankenstein monster , as Kerry later called him -- accused Kerry at a press conference of being one of the conspirators in the Kennedy assassination .
Garrison never indicted him -- he did n't have enough evidence for an indictment - so Kerry never stood trial , but he brooded over it for years .
Then he entered an altered state of consciousness .
I 'm trying to be objective about this .
Kerry , who served in the same platoon as Oswald , became convinced that he was involved in the assassination and that when he was in the Marine Corps , Naval Intelligence had brainwashed him .
Kerry decided Naval Intelligence had also brainwashed Oswald and several others , and had been manipulating them for years , like the Manchurian Candidate .
He could n't remember what had happened , but he had a lot of suspicions .
Then he became convinced that I was a CIA baby - sitter and we sort of lost touch with each other .
It 's hard to communicate with somebody when he thinks you 're a diabolical mind - control agent and you 're convinced that he 's a little bit paranoid .
Somewhere along the line , Kerry decided to confuse Garrison by sending out all sorts of announcements that he was an agent of the Bavarian Illuminati .
That got me interested in the Illuminati , and the more I read about it , the more interested I got .
So eventually we incorporated the Illuminati into the Discordian Society .
Since the Discordian Society is devoted to promoting chaos , we decided that the Illuminati is devoted to imposing totalitarianism .
After all , a Discordian Society , to be truly discordant , should have it's own totalitarian branch that 's working against the rest of the Society .
Pope John XXIV threw out six hundred saints on the grounds that they never existed .
They threw out Santa Claus and a whole bunch of these Irish saints .
The Discordian Society accepted them on the grounds that we do n't care whether these saints are real or not .
If we like them , we 'll accept them .
And since these saints were without a home , being thrown out of the Catholic church , we accepted them .
In the same way we accepted the Illuminati , too , since nobody else wants them .
Then , I appointed myself the head of the Illuminati , which led to a lot of interesting correspondences with other heads of the Illuminati in various parts of the world .
One of them threatened to sue me .
I told him to resubmit his letter in FORTRAN , because my computer would n't accept it in English and I never heard from him again .
I think that confused him .
RMN : Who do you think the Illuminati really were -- or are ?
ROBERT : The Illuminati has been the label used by many groups throughout history .
The Illuminati that is believed in by right - wing paranoids is a hypothesis that leading intellectuals of the eighteenth century were all members of the Bavarian Illuminati which was working to overthrow Christianity .
I do n't think that 's quite accurate ; I think there 's a lot of exaggeration in that view .
I do n't think that Jefferson was a member of the Illuminati ; he just had similar goals .
Beethoven was probably a member , but Mozart probably was n't .
Voltaire probably was n't , although he was a Freemason .
Anyway , to the extent that the Illuminati conspired to overthrow Christianity and to establish democracy , I 'm in favor of it .
DJB : What were the Illuminati out to achieve ?
ROBERT : The historical Illuminati of the eighteenth century , as distinguished from all other Illuminati of previous centuries , had as it's main goals , overthrowing the Vatican , overthrowing monarchies , establishing democratic republics and giving a scientific education to every boy and girl .
Most of these goals have more or less begun to be achieved .
Compared to what things were like in the eighteenth century they 've largely succeeded , and I think that 's all to the good .
RMN : Many formerly held secrets known only to a select group of initiates , perhaps like the Bavarian Illuminati , are now available at the local metaphysical bookstore .
What do you think are the sociological implications of such information exchange ?
ROBERT : Oh , I think it 's wonderful .
I believe very much that secrecy is the main cause of most social evils .
I think information is the most precious commodity in the world .
As a matter of fact , I think that information is the source of all wealth .
The classical economic theory is that wealth is created by land , labor and capital .
But if you have a piece of land , and you 've got capital , and you hire labor , and you drill for oil , and there 's no oil there -- you wo n't get rich .
What makes somebody rich is drilling for oil where there is oil , and that 's based on having correct information .
I 'm just paraphrasing Buckminster Fuller here .
All wealth is information .
So therefore , all attempts to impede the transfer , the rapid transmission of information , are making us all poorer .
DJB : Why do you think it is then , that it took so long for occult knowledge to come out of secrecy and into the open ?
ROBERT : Well , that 's largely because of the Catholic church .
Anybody who spoke too frankly for many centuries was burned at the stake .
So the alchemists , hermeticists , Illuminati and other groups learned to speak in codes .
DJB : So you think it was the fear of persecution , rather than a feeling that most people were n't " ready " for the information quite yet ?
ROBERT : Well , I think that 's a rationalization , You can't find out who 's ready , except by distributing the information .
Then you find out who 's ready .
RMN : The wars in the Middle East and the rising fundamentalism in the West have been seen by some as the death screams of organized religion .
Both Islam and Christianity , however , have survived many " Holy Wars . "
What do you think the fate of organized religion will be ?
ROBERT : I would like to think that organized religion is on it's way out , but I 've been doing a lot of research on the eighteenth century for my historical novels .
Voltaire thought that the Catholic church would be gone in twenty years , and it 's hung around for two hundred years since then .
When the Pope disbanded the Jesuits , Voltaire said that 's the end , the Catholic church is falling apart .
Well , a few years later they reorganized the Jesuits .
The Knights of Malta are running the CIA apparently , and the Catholic church just refuses to die .
Fundamentalism has staged a comeback .
It 's fantastic .
I 'm a big fan of H.L. Menken .
He was a very funny social critic of the 1920's .
His books went out of print for a while , because the things he was making fun of did n't exist anymore .
Now his books are coming back into print because all those things exist again .
He was making fun of the same type of thing that Jerry Falwell , Jim Bakker , and that whole crowd stand for .
It 's astonishing the way that this seemingly dead historical institution came back , like the Frankenstein monster .
Every time you think it 's dead , it rises up again to afflict us .
The Ayatollah .
The Grey Wolves .
The Grey Wolves are the biggest heroin dealers in the Mid-East because they believe Allah wants them to kill Jews and they can't get enough money to buy guns without selling heroin .
That makes about as much sense as most of the Christian theology I 've heard .
I 'm a mystical agnostic , or an agnostic mystic .
That phrase was coined by Olaf Stapledon , my favorite science fiction writer .
When I first read it , it did n't mean anything to me , but over the years I 've gradually realized that " agnostic mystic " describes me better than any words I have found any where else .
DJB : How about " transcendental agnostic " ?
ROBERT : Yeah .
The word agnostic has gained the association of somebody who 's just denying , but what I mean is something more like the ancient Greek concept of the zetetic .
I find the universe so staggering that I just do n't have any faith in my ability to grasp it .
I do n't think the human stomach can eat everything , and I 'm not quite sure my mind can understand everything , so I do n't pretend that it can .
RMN : In Riane Eisler 's The Chalice and the Blade , she proposes that there has been a cultural transformation from a cooperation between the sexes to the dominion of male over female .
She says that we 're now at a stage when men should be learning from women .
What do you think about this ?
ROBERT : Curiously , 1 was an early advocate of the theory of the primordial matriarchy .
I got turned onto that by Robert Graves when I was in high school .
I read The White Goddess , and then I happened to read a little - known book by a Scottish psychiatrist named Ian Suttie called The Origin of Love and Hate , in which he used the model of history evolving from matriarchy to patriarchy and back to matriarchy .
Some of these ideas have been around my head for about forty years .
Currently I tend to agree with Eisler .
There 's no evidence of a matriarchy at all .
There 's evidence of a partnership society .
It 's been coming back for the last two hundred years .
Arlen calls it " stone - age feedback . "
As European civilization conquered and exploited the Third World , ideas from these places came drifting back to Europe .
Diderot , Voltaire , Rousseau , the whole enlightenment was influenced by the ideas of these " primitives " having a more natural and happier way of life than we do .
Democracy , socialism , anarchism , and all the radical ideas of the last two hundred years were inspired by studying stone - age cultures from the first proto - anthropologica1 reports .
I 've been an advocate for a partnership society for years , before Eisler used that term .
The term I used was " voluntary association " which comes out of the American Anarchist tradition .
This was a school of philosophical anarchists in New England in the nineteenth century who are very little known .
I got fascinated by them in the sixties and read most of their books .
The idea of voluntary association migrated to Europe and became syndicalism , only the syndicalists added to it the idea of overthrowing the existing system by violence , so the whole idea developed a bad reputation .
I think the basic idea of voluntary association , or partnership , is the one towards which we should aspire .
It 's the most human , just , fair , decent and intelligent form of society .
RMN : Do you have hope that we can achieve it ?
ROBERT : Yes , I do , in spite of the evidence we see on all sides of stupidity , ignorance , bigotry and the seemingly inexhaustible lust of the masses to be trampled on by Fuhrer figures and father figures .
I see the last two hundred years as a staggering , groping , fumbling toward a partnership society .
RMN : Riane Eisler does n't address the masculinity of the Devil - the fact that in this society , the dark side as well as the light side of spiritual power is depicted as male .
Do you have any ideas about that ?
ROBERT : They do have some shadowy feminine counterparts .
There 's the Lilith , the female Devil , and buried in Judaism there 's the Shekinah , the female aspect of God .
I 'm more interested in the way that the Devil infiltrated Christianity disguised as Santa Claus .
Very few people realize the archetypes are the same .
It 's the old pagan fertility god .
Satan is the caricature that the Christian church created , but the fertility god came back as Santa , and he wears the same red suit as the Devil .
The name Satan and Santa are made up of the same letters ; you just move one and you 've changed Santa into Satan .
RMN : That 's interesting .
The Devil and sexuality are correlated in many people 's minds .
Religious and political authorities have consistently attempted to control human sexuality and nip individual freedom in the bud .
How do you see the role of sexuality evolving into the future ?
ROBERT : I was just reading Jean Shinoda Bolen 's book Gods in Everyman yesterday , and I found some of myself in Hades , though that 's the younger me back in my adolescence and early twenties .
I also see parts of myself in Hermes , but I see a great deal of Dionysus .
My mystical feelings and my sexual feelings are so close together that I find it hard to understand how Western society ever separated them .
But that just goes to show that I 'm a Dionysian type .
Our society is run by Zeus types and Apollo types to whom the separation is perfectly natural .
RMN : Do you think society is evolving towards a more Dionysian character ?
ROBERT : Yeah .
We have been since the sixties .
Woodstock was a Dionysian festival -- it was the rebirth of Dionysus - - and right away the lid came down .
My God Dionysus is loose !
King Pentheus immediately called out the cops .
The Dionysian religion had entered his kingdom and he tried to crush it , but he was torn apart by his own mother .
That 's a warning of what happens when you try to suppress Dionysus ; it 's one of the classic Greek myths .
Look what happened to Nixon - - he got torn apart .
The only president to be forced to resign .
Reagan escaped unscathed but I still have an intuition that he 's going to be repudiated .
I think the people are going to be as disgusted with Reagan as they were with Nixon - - eventually .
I even had high hopes that George Bush was going to be impeached .
Of course , he picked Quayle as impeachment insurance , but I just have a strong suspicion , based on Confucius , that the general decline of morals and manners in this country , the general increase in the sleaze factor in American life and the general corruption and crookedness , are all due to the fact that people like Nixon and Agnew get away scot - free .
They had television pictures of DeLorean peddling cocaine .
When I heard about this I said , " A man with that much money is n't going to be convicted , even if they have him on television . "
And he was n't .
Once everybody becomes aware that the rich can commit any crime in the book and get away with it , then the general attitude is , " Well , why do n't we do the same ? "
The whole sociobiology of Confucius is when the ruling class are decent , honorable , gentlemen scholars , the people will be well disposed ; when the government is a bunch of thieving rascals , the people will become thieving rascals .
We 've seen so much of that , and the only hope I can see is that some of the malefactors in high places get punished so that a sense of justice and order is reestablished in this country .
I 'm not a vengeful person and I have a great deal of compassion , even for Nixon and Reagan , but I think some of those people have to go to jail to restore the idea that there is justice in the universe .
RMN : The whirlwind ecstasies of the sixties have , for many , settled down into a gentle breeze .
What do you feel were the fleeting and lasting effects of this cultural phenomena , and how have your attitudes developed since that time ?
ROBERT : Well , we were just talking about that this morning .
What survives of the sixties ?
What survives in different forms ?
I think Bucky Fuller hit the nail on the head .
He said that around 1972 , the brighter people realized that there are more effective ways of challenging the system than going out in the streets and running their heads against policemen's clubs .
So they got more subtle .
People are working on different levels and in different ways , and it 's become less confrontational , but I do believe there are still a lot of people working for the ideals of the sixties .
DJB : You mean like in the movie industry ?
ROBERT : Yeah , and in television , in computers , in banking , all over the place .
DJB : Really , in banking ?
ROBERT : Yeah .
I 've met a couple of bankers who are really very hip people .
DJB : Timothy Leary and Aleister Crowley both played similar roles in history and both had a significant influence on your evolving belief systems .
Tell us about the effect these two people have had on your understanding of consciousness .
ROBERT : Well Crowley was such a complicated individual that everybody who reads Crowley has a different Crowley in his head .
There 's a million Aleister Crowleys depending on what part of him people are able to understand and integrate .
Crowley , as the leader of the Illuminati and the Argentum Astrum the Ordo Templi Orientis ( OTO ) , was continuing the project of overthrowing Christianity and added his own twist of reviving Paganism ( which goes back to Giordano Bruno who wanted to do the same thing ) .
Crowley is an interesting figure and has had a bigger historical impact than most people realize .
The NeoPagan movement is bigger than anybody knows , except the Fundamentalists , who think it 's a Satanic movement -- which from their point of view , I guess it is .
The Crowley who interests me is the scientific Crowley .
He traveled all over the world , got initiated into every secret society he could , studied every occult system , studied Sufism in North Africa , Taoism in China , Buddhism in Ceylon and he tried to understand them all in terms of organic chemistry and physiology .
He laid the groundwork for the scientific study of mysticism and altered consciousness .
That 's the Crowley I 'm fascinated by -- Crowley the scientist , who co-existed with Crowley the mystic , Crowley the poet , Crowley the adventurer and Crowley the Great Beast .
RMN : The Golden Dawn from which Crowley got much of his inspiration was a mystical school which is still lively today .
Have you found this system able to remain flexible enough to adapt to the cultural and psychological revisions that have occurred since the Order was first established ?
ROBERT : There are several Golden Dawns around , like there are several OTO 's and several Illuminatis and so on .
All of these things are fractionated , and of course , everybody with a power drive involved in these things claims to be the leader of the real and authentic Secret Chiefs .
The Golden Dawn which I find most interesting is the one of which Christopher Hyatt is the Outer Head .
He 's a fully qualified clinical psychologist with a good background in Jungian and Reichian therapy and a great deal of theoretical knowledge of general psychology .
He was trained in the Golden Dawn system by Israel Regardie who was also a psychologist as well as a mystic .
I think Hyatt knows what he 's doing ; I think he 's got his head on right .
He does n't have delusions of grandeur .
He 's not a prima donna and he's free of most of the deviant and aberrant behavior that 's chronic in the occult world .
What are the goals of the Golden Dawn ?
Unleashing the full positive potential of human beings .
RMN : What are the methods involved ?
ROBERT : The original Golden Dawn in the 1880 's used Kabbalistic magic .
Crowley revised it to include Kabbalistic magic and yoga and a bit of Sufism .
Regardie revised it to include a great deal of Reichian bodywork , and an insistence that anybody who enters the Order should go through psychotherapy first .
He became aware that people who get into Kabbalistic - type work , especially in the Golden Dawn tradition , who have n't had psychotherapy , are likely to flip out or scare themselves silly .
Regardie also insisted that they should know General Semantics , which is interesting since it was General Semantics which got me interested in the study of alternative consciousness .
RMN : Why did Regardie want this to be included ?
ROBERT : General Semantics is a system that is very useful in clarifying your thinking .
If you understand the rules of General Semantics , you 're more or less immune to most of the errors that are chronic at this stage of civilization .
One of the rules of General Semantics is avoid the is of identity , which is a rule I just broke when I said " General Semantics is ... "
It 's very hard to avoid the is of identity in speech .
We all use it all the time .
I 'm getting pretty good at avoiding it in my writing .
Whenever you 're trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with my thinking ?
Why can't I get to the bottom of this ?
Why am I confused about this problem ?
Write it down and take out every " is " and reformulate it in some other way .
You 'll find that your thinking has been tremendously clarified .
It 's like the celebrated problem in quantum physics in the 1920's .
The electron is a wave .
The electron is a particle .
Those two things contradict each other totally , which led to a lot of physicists saying that the universe does n't make sense , the universe is irrational and so on .
If you reformulate it without the " is " of identity , there 's no paradox at all .
The electron appears as a wave when we measure it in certain ways .
The electron appears as a particle when we measure it in other ways .
There 's no contradiction .
There are a lot of other ideas in general semantics that are equally useful in clarifying thought .
DJB : That 's one of the claims of the recent technology of brain machines .
What experiences have you had with them , which ones do you find the most promising and what kind of potential do you think they hold for the future ?
ROBERT : The most outstanding experience I 've had with a brain machine was with the first one , the Pulstar .
I had an out - of - body experience which registered as flat brain waves on the EEG , and that fascinated me .
That was the first objective sign I had ever seen that something was going on in out - of - body experiences besides heightened imagination .
I do n't see much difference between a lot of the brain machines around .
Some are demonstrably inferior , and out of charity I wo n't mention their names .
Some claim to be very superior to all the others , but as far as I can see , most of them function pretty much the same .
At present , I 'm more interested in the light and sound machines than I am in the electro - magnetic machines , because there is some legitimate cause for concern that sending electro - magnetism into your brain too often may not be good for you .
The whole field is growing very fast .
There 's a bunch of tapes put out by Acoustic Brain Research in North Carolina .
They use only sound , but they combine it with subliminals and Ericksonian hypnosis in a way that I find very effective .
They 're using sound at the same frequencies that you find in the electro - magnetic machines , or the light and sound machines .
The Graham Potentializer does seem a little more powerful than any of the other machines , but I would n't guarantee it because I have n't had enough experience with it yet .
What T want to see is more controlled , double - blind studies of these machines , because everybody has their own anecdotal impressions , but we do n't really know yet which are the best .
Which wave forms are the best ?
We do n't know that yet .
Why do some people respond better to one than to others ?
We do n't know why .
There 's a lot mure to be learned and I 'm very eager to see more research .
RMN : Do you think that the use of brain machines requires an accompanying discipline ?
ROBERT : I suspect so .
One manufacturer told me that the return rate is about fifteen percent .
I think these machines are much easier than the biofeedback machines , but they still require some discipline .
I think they require some previous experience with Yoga , or Zen , or some consciousness - altering work .
You need some kind of previous experience or you just wo n't know how to use the machine .
I do n't think the machine really works as an entrainer unless you practice between sessions , trying to revive the state without the machine .
A lot of people can't do that , they just assume that the machine will do all the work for them , which is kind of like thinking that you just get in the car and it'll take you where you want to go .
DJB : The potential of nanotechnology seems far more vast .
How do you think it 's development will affect human consciousness in the future ?
ROBERT : I have n't thought much about that .
That 's an interesting question .
It 's going to change everything .
Nanotechnology is a much bigger jump than anything else on the horizon .
It 's bigger than space colonization , bigger than longevity .
It 's a million times bigger than the industrial revolution .
It 's going to change things so much that I can't begin to conceive how much ; but everything 's going to get dirt cheap .
The ozone layer will get repaired rapidly .
We could create redwoods as fast and as many as we want , and then there 's star - flight .
I do n't know ; it 's just a whole new ballgame , and it leads directly into immortalism .
DJB : How about new ways to alter the brain ?
ROBERT : Oh , of course .
Eric Drexler , in his book on the subject , talks about constructing micro-replicators that , if you let them loose in the body , they run all over the place , inspecting every cell .
If it 's not functioning properly they go back , get information from the main computer and repair it .
You can obviously do the same thing with brain circuits .
It 'll probably replace psychiatry .
Nanotechnology is so staggering , we can't think about it without hyperbole , and it 's coming along rapidly .
The Japanese are spending fantastic amounts on that kind of research .
RMN : What do you think about the idea than many inventions are actually rediscoveries of technologies that have already existed in the past ?
ROBERT : That 's always seemed very implausible to me .
There are some cases -- the steam engine was discovered in Greece and forgotten until Watt rediscovered it -- but I doubt that there are many .
Most things were n't discovered until they could be discovered , until there was the time - binding heritage , or until the information accumulation had reached the necessary level .
This is why you have so many cases of parallel discovery in science , where in five years three people patent the same thing in different countries .
As Charles Fort said , " It 's steam engines when it comes steam engine time . "
RMN : What if there were times when the information had accumulated but not the political or social climate necessary to appreciate it ?
Libraries have been burned and knowledge chased underground by authoritarian forces .
ROBERT : Well , " Whereof one cannot speak , thereof one should remain silent . "
RMN : A lot of people feel that technology is at odds with their ecological thinking .
What do you think is the evolving role of the science of Ecology .
ROBERT : The first book I ever read on ecology was way back in the forties .
It was called The Road to Survival .
I 've always been fascinated by ecology because I 'm fascinated by whole systems .
That 's why Bucky Fuller fascinates me .
He always starts with the biggest whole system and works his way down .
I 've written a lot of satirical things about pop ecology because I think a lot of people have got on the ecology bandwagon who do n't know their ass from their elbow about science , and it 's turned into a kind of late Christian heresy like Marxism .
It 's become a new blame game , where people go around laying guilt trips on other people .
Guilt is very fashionable in Western civilization .
Albert Ellis said the most popular game in Western civilization is finding and denouncing no - good shits .
I found that so impressive I 've incorporated it into a couple of my own books .
Every generation picks out a group of no - good shits .
In the Victorian age it was adolescent boys who masturbated , and now it 's cigarette smokers .
There 's always got to be some no - good shits for people to denounce and persecute , and to the extent that ecology has degenerated into that , it arouses my satirical instinct .
But of course the science of Ecology itself is tremendously important , and the more people who know about it , the better .
RMN : The methods of science and art are beginning to achieve some wonderful things together .
What do you think created such a chasm between the two disciplines in the first place , and why do you think they are now merging ?
ROBERT : Science and art .
Now what created such a chasm between them ?
Why the hell did that happen ?
I think I 'm going to go back and blame the Inquisition .
Science had to fight an uphill battle against the Inquisition and this created a historical hangover in which scientists had acute hostility to every form of mysticism , not just to the Catholic church which had been persecuting them .
I think that rubs off onto art , because there 's something mystical about art no matter how much you try to rationalize it .
If you get a bunch of artists together talking about where they got their creativity from , they sound like a bunch of mystics .
Then there was the rise of capitalism .
I 'm inclined to agree with Karl Marx about that , that every previous form of society has had different values , a hierarchy of values .
Capitalism does tend to reduce everything to just one value -- what can you sell it for ?
And as Oscar Wilde said , " All art is quite useless . "
The value of art depends on who 's manipulating the marketplace at the time .
It 's spooky .
Art is the Schrodinger 's cat of economics .
All of a sudden , an Andy Warhol is worth a million , and nobody knows how that happened .
Then it 's somebody else the next year .
Picasso never paid for anything in the last twenty years of his life .
He just wrote checks which never came back to his bank .
People saved them because they knew that the signature was worth more than the sum of the check .
They knew it would be worth even more in twenty years , and so on .
Somebody asked a Zen master , " What 's the most valuable thing in the world ? " and he said , " The head of a dead cat . "
The querent asked " Why ? " and the Zen master said , " Tell me it 's exact value . "
That 's a good exercise if you 're into creative writing .
Write a short story where the hero 's life is saved by the fact that he could find the value of the head of a dead cat .
It could happen .
Everything has a fluctuating value .
In capitalism , everything gets reduced to it 's immediate cash value .
Citizen Kane , to take one egregious example , is generally considered one of the best films ever made .
It lost money in it 's first year , so Orson Welles had extreme difficulty for the rest of his life getting enough money to make other movies .
Yet Citizen Kane made more money than any other movie made in 1941 , if you count up to the present , because it gets revived more than any other movie .
But the bankers who own the studios are n't interested in profit in twenty years , they want profit next June .
They want Indiana Jones not Citizen Kane .
RMN : So , if the areas of science and art are merging it indicates a move away from the capitalist perspective .
ROBERT : Yes .
I think information theory has probably done a great deal to bring science and art back together again .
Norbert Weiner invented the basic equation for information at the same time Claude Shannon did .
That 's another example of things happening when they 're ready to happen .
Weiner explained information by saying that a great poem carries more information than a political speech .
Information is the unpredictable .
As we come to realize the value of the unpredictable , the value of art has become clearer .
You go through a museum and you look at a Leonardo , a Botticelli , a Rembrandt , a Van Gogh , a Cezanne , a Picasso , a Klee , a Jackson Pollock , and it 's obvious the value of each of them is that they were n't copying one another .
If Van Gogh were copying Rembrandt nobody would give a damn for Van Gogh .
He had the chutzpah to paint his own vision .
Somebody having their own vision instead of just repeating an earlier one in a different style -- that 's information .
Information is the new and unpredictable , and information theory led to the computers which fascinate artists .
Computers have opened up whole new areas of art .
DJB : Information is the unpredictability of a signal , but it 's not quite chaos or randomness .
It carries a message .
ROBERT : Yeah .
When unpredictability gets too high , information turns into noise .
That part of Shannon 's theory involves very complicated mathematics and I 'm not sure I fully understand it ; I just more or less intuitively follow it .
There has to be an information redundancy ratio where the highest grade of information is diluted with repetition .
DJB : Because it 's so unpredictable one can't relate it to anything .
ROBERT : Yeah .
Originality frequently looks like chaos until we learn how to deal with it , until we find the redundancy in it .
DJB : Have you had any experiences with lucid or conscious dreaming ?
ROBERT : I 've had a lot of lucid dreams , but I can't think of anything that 's particularly worth discussing .
I 'd like to learn more about it .
It happens spontaneously sometimes .
I have a very rich hypnagogic and hypnopompic life , like Philip K. Dick .
William Burroughs told me that his characters all manifest as voices in hypnopompic reverie before they have bodies , or names , or anything else .
Robert Shea , an old friend of mine who 's a scientific materialist of the most rigid sort , really blew my mind by admitting he hears his characters talking .
I suspect all writers do .
I think the difference between a writer and a channeler is that the channeler has found a way to make more money out of it than most writers ever do .
DJB : Synchronicity is a major theme that runs through most , if not all , of your books .
What model do you use at present for interpreting this mysterious phenomenon ?
ROBERT : I never have one model .
I always have at least seven models for anything .
DJB : Which one is your favorite ?
ROBERT : Bell 's
Theorem combined with an idea I got from Barbara Honegger , a parapsychologist who worked for Reagan .
She wrote a book denouncing Reagan , Ollie North and the whole crowd , giving inside dirt about what she discovered while she was at the White House .
Long before Barbara became a controversial political figure , she gave me the idea that the right brain is constantly trying to communicate with the left .
If you do n't listen to what it 's trying to say , it gives you more and more vivid dreams and if you still wo n't listen , it leads to Freudian slips .
If you still do n't pay attention , the right brain will get you to the place in space - time where synchronicity will occur .
Then the left brain has to pay attention .
" Whaaaat ! ? "
DJB : What do you think happens to consciousness after physical death ?
ROBERT : Somebody asked a Zen master , " What happens after death ? "
He replied , " I do n't know . "
And the querent said , " But you 're a Zen master ! "
He said , " Yes , but I 'm not a dead Zen master . "
Somebody asked Master Eckart , the great German mystic , " Where do you think you 'il go after death ? "
He said , " I do n't plan to go anywhere . "
Those are the best answers I 've heard so far .
My hunch is that consciousness is a non-local function of the universe as a whole , and our brains are only local transceivers .
As a matter of fact , it 's a very strong hunch , but I 'm not going to dogmatize about it .
DJB : Could you share with us any experiences you might have had communicating with what you thought to be extraterrestrial or non-human entities ?
ROBERT : I 've had a lot of experiences with what could be interpreted as extraterrestrial communications .
They could also be interpreted as ESP , or as accessing parts of my brain that are normally not available , or as contacting a non-local consciousness that permeates everything .
There are a lot of different models for this type of experience .
I got fascinated by the extraterrestrial model at one stage in the early seventies , and still , every now and then , it makes more sense to me than any of the others .
Other times the non-local model makes more sense , which is a development of Bell 's Theorem .
This was stated most clearly by Edwin Harris Walker in a paper called The Complete Quantum Anthropologist .
He developed a mathematical theory of a non-local mind , to which we can gain access at times .
It 's a complete quantum mechanical , mathematical model to explain everything that happens in mystical and occult experience .
That makes a great deal of sense to me , especially when I found that Joyce was using the same model in Finnigan 's Wake .
I think it also underlies the I Ching .
I explain this at length in my book Coincidance .
DJB : How do you see consciousness evolving into the twenty - first century ?
ROBERT : It staggers my imagination .
I get about as far as 2012 in my future projections , then I can't imagine beyond that .
So much is going to change by then .
DJB : What do you see coming along up to 2012 ?
ROBERT : In Leary 's terms , I think about one - third of the West now understands the neuro - somatic circuit , and some techniques for activating it .
I think that 's going to reach fifty to fifty - one percent pretty soon -- and that will be a major cultural change .
I think more and more understanding of the neuro - genetic and meta- programming circuits are coming along .
It 's very obvious that quantum physics , parapsychology and all the work they 're doing attaching brain scanners to Yogis and Zen masters means we 're going to learn a great deal about the non-local quantum circuit .
I think the history of mysticism has been sort of like a bunch of firecrackers with two or three going off every century .
With the LSD revolution it became two or three every month and now it 's moving up to two or three every week .
I see a real acceleration in consciousness , just like in technology .
DJB : Soon it 'll be fireworks every day .
One final question , Bob .
Tell us about any current projects on which you 're presently working .
ROBERT : I 've just finished a book called Quantum Psychology subtitled : How Brain Software Programs Your Self and Your World .
I 'm working on a movie , tentatively titled The Curtain , which may or may not ever get produced .
I 've been paid enough so that I 'm not wasting my time , which is a good thing to know in Hollywood .
There are all sorts of people around Hollywood who 'll get you involved in projects without ever paying you a penny , if you 're dumb enough to do that .
If the movie does get produced it 'll have a tremendous impact .
I 'm also working on two possible television shows and I 'm continuing my historical novels .
I 'm doing more lectures in more places than ever before , with workshops here and there , which involves a lot of traveling .
Altogether , I 'm very excited about what the next ten years will bring into my life .
Bibliography
Syed Sadequain Ahmed Naqvi was a world - renowned Pakistani
Art legend .
He was best known for his independent real creative art and novice trends in Islamic Calligraphy .
His original superb themes and huge murals dwarf many and some are still regarded as matchless in the world .
His international recognition was due to the introduction of new initiatives and trends in art and particularly poetic calligraphy which was almost nonexistent then .
Syed Sadequain Ahmed Naqvi The Ultimate Artist
was born in 1930 in Amroha and he died on 10th February in 1987 at the age of 57 years in Karachi , Pakistan .
He was a self - made , self - taught painter , completely untraditional and above all , shows no signs of being inspired by any other master of art who lived before him or at his time .
Sadequain received well - deserved decorations .
1960 – Government of Pakistan — “ Tamgha - e - Imtiaz ”
— “ Tamgha - e - Imtiaz ” 1961 – Government of France — “ Biennale de Paris ”
— “ Biennale de Paris ” 1962 – President of Pakistan — “ President ’s Medal of Honor ”
— “ President ’s Medal of Honor ” 1975 – Government of Australia — “ Cultural Award ”
— “ Cultural Award ” 1980 – Government of Pakistan — “ Sitara - e - Imtiaz ”
Sadequain was a master genius of his own self - inspired school of thought and different from other great artists like Michael Angelo and Leonardo de Vinci .
This fact was proved later by the performance presented by him in his early life .
Like many other masters he too was completely obscure , until he was noticed , hand –picked and appreciated by the notable lover of art Mr. Hussain Shaheed Suhrawardy .
It is natural that a true genius sees the limelight once and then the “ limelight ” itself focuses on him and seldom misses him till the last day .
He had stepped into the open world to breathe and expose his talents independently – and this he did with utmost honesty without being distracted by worldly glamour .
Sadequain projected his abilities and hidden talents by his masterly performance in his mid twenties .
This comparative quicker recognition laid the foundation and encouraged him to present his true inner feelings in his artworks .
Soon he created his own independent place in the world that remained still unmatched , in certain aspects , during his lifetime and even after .
He was only 30 years when he received his first award in 1960 and 32 years when the French Government decorated him .
Sadequain was one of the most hard - working artists that the world has seen .
His non -stop untiring career was very unusual for all his critics too .
Wealth had least attraction for him and avoided to paint for the rich .
He preferred to gift away thousands of his art productions instead of selling .
Numerous works were stolen and he least bothered about them .
He believed in realism and lycricism .
He was miles away from imaginary fairytale , flower and fona themes and stuck to basic worldly realities till his last day .
The Novice style of his presentation of Quranic and Poetic verses created an everlasting impact on Pakistani Art .
The non-existant calligraphy has changed into a culture and this new introduction is still flourishing beyond bounds and spreading inspiration worldwide , even after a quarter century beyond his death .
Now his style and his paintings are also being copied extensively in Pakistan .
Infact this piracy is promoting his school of thought , unnoticed .
Sadequain once saw a tough cactus tree growing and flourishing in a desert .
He was spiritually impressed by the difficult lifestyle in extreme tough surroundings of this self - growing plant .
This impression is often reflected in Sadequain ’s tough and rugged human figures that seem unnatural , but actually he intended to expose the rigid uneven patterns of the life spent by the deprived .
His works and productions are discernable and can easily be singled out .
His unique independent style , objective concepts and presentation modes cannot be stolen by just putting on new names – but can only be copied along with his signatures .
Murals
The most difficult and impressive works of Sadequain were the long spans of walls and ceilings painted under different themes of social nature .
Surprisingly most of these were donated free of cost , although these could have fetched millions .
Some of these are ranked longest and largest in the world .
His murals mostly carried closely knitted images and fine details filling every inch available , which in itself is a unique quality aspect .
He painted to his satisfaction and did extreme justice to the subject in production – but in his own inspirational style .
The following are a few of his memorable works and exhibitions ;
1954 – Solo Exhibition in Quetta , Pakistan
– Solo Exhibition in Quetta , Pakistan 1955 – Mural at Jinnah Hospital , Solo Exhibition at Frere Hall and at residence of Mr. Suhrawady .
– Mural at Jinnah Hospital , Solo Exhibition at Frere Hall and at residence of Mr. Suhrawady .
1961 – Mural at State Bank of Pakistan , ( 62 x 10 ft ) titled as “ Treasures of Time ” .
This mural illustrates human scientific development from Socrates to Einstein and Muhammed Iqbal .
He was invited to France to illustrate French Nobel Prize Winning writer Albert Camus .
– Mural at State Bank of Pakistan , ( 62 x 10 ft ) titled as “ Treasures of Time ” .
This mural illustrates human scientific development from Socrates to Einstein and Muhammed Iqbal .
He was invited to France to illustrate French Nobel Prize Winning writer Albert Camus .
1963 – Several Exhibitions in USA
– Several Exhibitions in USA 1963 – Illustrated “ Le Etranger ” in France
– Illustrated “ Le Etranger ” in France 1967 – Mural at Mangla Dam Power House ( 200 x 30 ft ) titled as “ Saga of Labor ” This mural lime lights the importance of the working class and its contributions in a society .
Completed in 3.5 months only .
– Mural at Mangla Dam Power House ( 200 x 30 ft ) titled as “ Saga of Labor ” This mural lime lights the importance of the working class and its contributions in a society .
Completed in 3.5 months only .
1968 – Mural at Punjab University Library , titled as “ Quest of Knowledge ”
– Mural at Punjab University Library , titled as “ Quest of Knowledge ” 1969 – Calligraphic redention of “ Sura - e - Rehman ”
– Calligraphic redention of “ Sura - e - Rehman ” 1973 – Murals at Lahore Museum entrance Hall and others ( 100 x 35 ft ) titled as “ Evolution of Mankind ”
– Murals at Lahore Museum entrance Hall and others ( 100 x 35 ft ) titled as “ Evolution of Mankind ” 1974 – Exhibitions in Middle East and Eastern Europe .
– Exhibitions in Middle East and Eastern Europe .
1976 – TV .
Series “ Mojiza - e - fun ” on Sadequain Art .
– TV . Series “ Mojiza - e - fun ” on Sadequain Art. 1977 – Illustrated Mirza Ghalib ( Indian Poet )
– Illustrated Mirza Ghalib ( Indian Poet ) 1979 – Mural in Abu Dhabi power house ( 70 x 12ft )
– Mural in Abu Dhabi power house ( 70 x 12ft ) 1981 – Murals painted at Aligarh ( 70 x 12ft ) , Banaras ( 70 x 12ft ) , Hyderabad and Geological Institute of Delhi , India ( 70 x 25ft )
– Murals painted at Aligarh ( 70 x 12ft ) , Banaras ( 70 x 12ft ) , Hyderabad and Geological Institute of Delhi , India ( 70 x 25 ft ) 1985 – Illustrated Faiz Ahmed Faiz ( Pakistani Poet )
– Illustrated Faiz Ahmed Faiz ( Pakistani Poet ) 1986 – Mural at Frere Hall titled as “ Arz - o - Samawat ” ( heaven and earth )
The above fantastic monumental murals in vast spans of art were specific and special feature that has no parallel yet in Pakistan .
He completed about 35 hefty murals in his lifetime .
However some of them have gone missing with no trace .
These historical works are now time fading and show signs and scars .
The institutions responsible are not doing much to save these treasures , which want to see another “ Sadequain ” to restore them back to their original position .
Sadequain very successfully illustrated world renowned poets .
He was invited to France to illustrate Nobel Prize winner Albert Camus .
He being inspired , also adequately painted other poets like Mirza Ghalib , Faiz and Muhammed Iqbal ( “ Aftaab - e - Taaja ” 9 ’ x 6 ’ ) .
He also himself expressed his feelings verbally in somber notes and published “ Quartets ” and “ Rubaiyats ” that are considered of high class and appreciated .
His verbal reflections also described the basic realities of this tough life as did his artwork .
Sadequain was a true genius .
This quality is visible in all his art productions and calligraphic masterpieces .
He did not follow any traditions and rather initiated his specific school of thought .
His own style legacy will continue to inspire future artists and calligraphers of modern times .
His this vivid transformation of words , verses and feeling of the others to the canvas in detail , will remain his domain unmatched for decades to come .
The ultimate mastermind developed unique ideas to project his observations .
He painted Crow series that depicted the worthy and timid wealth worshipers losing self - respect to achieve their selfish ends .
The Cobwebs series of paintings showed prevailing social mindset where cobweb render society speechless and inactive by malpractices of the powerful .
Similarly Christ Series projected crime being committed under the nose of the law enforcers .
Such realistic and bold projections could only have been made by a true at heart Sadequain .
Sadequain loved to paint his heart out .
His masterpiece redention of “ Sura - e - Rehman ” , a Quranic chapter , was auctioned in London for $ 108’000 .
This new art version inspired many painters worldwide .
He could have amassed millions from his uncountable paintings and even scribbings .
But he stuck to his nature and preferred a continued striving life .
Otherwise , the world would have lost a true genius and missed uncountable masterpieces of art .
Nature is never unjust and rewards people according to their mindset .
There is no doubt about the fact that world progresses by the selfless hard work of a few geniuses who sacrifice their leisure and pleasures to benefit the selfish mankind , who seldom find time to pay homage to these actual Ultimate Heroes .
The Electronic media ran a TV documentary series “ Mojiza - e - Fun ” .
This highlighted extensively the different aspects of the mastermind Sadequain and his masterpieces that were exhibited worldwide .
A book “ The holy sinner ” in ( 2003 ) comprised of 700 pages and displayed over 400 paintings and his works of art .
This huge unprecedented tribute to one artist is unique in South Asia .
The Pakistan Post office issued a 10 stamp sheet let commemorating Sadequain and 9 other artists .
The Pakistan Newspapers often carry special features on him .
The French Le Monde appreciates his talents comparing him to famous Picasso .
The New York times describes his difficult artistic trends as “ Upside Down Artist ” , Sadequain and calls him Pakistan ’s Pride .
UAE News appreciates his tremendous success and comments that crowds are attracted to all his exhibitions .
The ultimate Pakistani Art Legend ‘ Sadequain ’ breathed his last on 10th February , 1987 , leaving his last mural “ Arzo - Samawat ” ( Heaven and Earth ) at Frere Hall Karachi , incomplete .
In his latest letter , John Hussman addresses the Greek bailout and tries to anticipate how things will play down the road .
This is good .
Everyone is talking about how the can 's been kicked down the road , so we should try to guess what things will look like when we get further down the road to where the can stops .
Hussman uses game theory to propose a very plausible explanation of what 's going to happen .
Basically , as things get near the danger zone again , you 'll liquidate your holdings until the point of max pain :
Put yourself in the position of a holder of Greek government debt a few years out , just prior to a probable default .
Anticipating a default , you would liquidate the bonds to a level that reflects the likelihood of incomplete recovery .
Working backward , and given the anticipated recovery projected by a variety of ratings services and economists , one would require an estimated annual coupon approaching 20 % in order to accept the default risk .
For European governments and the IMF to accept a yield of only 5 % is to implicitly provide the remainder as a non-recourse subsidy .
Even then , investors are unlikely to be willing to roll over existing debt when it matures - the May 19th roll - over is the first date Europe hopes to get past using bailout funds .
In the event Greece fails to bring its budget significantly into balance , ongoing membership as one of the euro - zone countries implies ongoing subsidies from other countries , many of which are also running substantial deficits .
This would eventually be intolerable .
If investors are at all forward looking , the window of relief about Greece ( and the euro more generally ) is likely to be much shorter than 18 months .
Read the whole letter >
Image caption
The band , with Gray ( far right ) won a Grammy Award in 2006
Paul Gray , the bassist with US metal band Slipknot , has been found dead in a hotel in Des Moines , Iowa .
The body of the 38 - year - old musician was found by an employee at the hotel in a suburb of the city .
Police said foul play was not suspected , but an autopsy will be carried out .
The band , famous for their ghoulish masks , won a Grammy Award in 2006 for the song Before I Forget .
Most of the band members come from the Des Moines area .
The musician had been staying at the TownePlace Suites hotel in the Urbandale area for " a couple of days " , Sgt Dave Disney said .
Neil Portnow , president of the Recording Academy , which runs the Grammys , said : " Paul Gray had a passion for music and a flair for the theatrical .
I was taken by Paul 's bass playing .
Shortly afterwards I bought my first bass and have been playing ever since .
Tom Case , Southend , UK Your memories of Paul Gray
" The band 's mix of grinding rap- metal along with their energetic live shows helped establish them as one of the most popular bands in the genre .
" The heavy metal world has lost an immense talent , and Slipknot 's loyal following will ensure he and his music are remembered for years to come . "
The band 's fourth album All Hope Is Gone , released in 2008 , gave them their first US number one .
It also topped the charts in Australia , Canada , New Zealand , Austria , Finland , Sweden and Switzerland .
They scored a number one in the UK in 2001 with Iowa , their second album , while All Hope Is Gone reached number two .
They received a total of seven Kerrang !
Awards from the UK metal magazine , including best band in the world in 2000 and 2001 , and best international band and best live band in 2009 .
It 's a devastating loss .
Paul was a wonderful human being Andy Hall , Lazer 103.3 radio , Des Moines
Jacoby Shaddix , lead singer of metal band Papa Roach , paid tribute , saying : " Paul Gray was an awesome person on and off stage .
He will be missed by many including myself .
" His spirit will live on through the killer music he wrote . "
The band formed in 1995 in Des Moines and remained based in the city .
Local radio station director Andy Hall , who said he knew Gray for a decade , added : " This is a big blow , not only to the community of Des Moines but fans of metal at large , worldwide .
" It 's a devastating loss .
Paul was a wonderful human being . "
The nine members of Slipknot wore Halloween masks in public and referred to other bandmates by numbers - Gray was number two .
Their extreme stage antics extended to violence against each other and throwing bodily waste , according to Rolling Stone magazine .
M.I.A. talks about the industry right now , Lady Gaga , Kesha and the new musical underground
“ Sorrrrry , ” M.I.A. ’s been busy - very busy .
So busy our interview happens 44 hours later than was originally scheduled .
Maya Arulpragasam has valid reasons for living up to her stage name , though , she ’s only just back in London after being marooned in the US for 18 months ; “ banned ” , she says , from leaving .
Maya is seen by the government of her native Sri Lanka as a dissident , publicly accusing them of “ genocide ” for their part in a 26 - year civil war that ended last May .
She claims they ’ve been “ pulling the strings ” recently to make life difficult : disappearing visa applications and hacking into her Twitter and email accounts , “ wishing all kinds of crazy illness on my baby and stuff like that ” .
“ People used to come and park outside my house in LA , ” she says .
“ I felt so powerless ” .
Add in a mother alone and made sick by similar visa bullshit this side of the Atlantic , and it ’d be churlish of NME to rue a few hours spent twiddling thumbs .
It has n’t been all espionage and irritation , though - there was the arrival of that aforementioned baby , son Ikhyd is a year old now - and a new album too .
Due out this summer , the follow - up to 2007 ’s Kala sees M.I.A. hook - up with dub - step hoodlum Rusko and rekindle her creative relationship with Wes Pentz , aka ex-boyfriend Diplo , for the first time since ‘ Paper Planes ’ ( “ it ’s OK now , but was awkward at first , ” admits Maya , now engaged to Ikhyd ’s father Benjamin Bronfman ) .
Last year also delivered an Oscar nomination for her music ’s appearance in Slumdog Millionaire , while she ’s recently signed Sleigh Bells and Blaqstarr to her own label , NEET .
She also scooped a lot on Time magazine ’s list of the ‘ World ’s 100 Most Influential People ’ , and this true star looks like she will continue to set the agenda into the next decade .
We ca n’t wait to see what M.I.A. has in store for us …I ’m not sure , but music now should be like a sonic massage .
You want to really feel it , internally .
The police use sound cannons at public protests that explode people ’s inside with a single note - human beings have to come up with the opposite of that .
The new Sleigh Bells album epitomises how kids are feeling in America - so much energy , but nothing to do with it .
Everyone wants you to be an apathetic consumer over there , so it ’s cool to have some weird discomfort going on .
I like that Alexis [ Krauss , vocalist ] used to be a nice girl in a pop band that never made it .
She followed every step an American child usually follows - singing in the mirror , wanting to be Britney Spears , etc. - so for her to arrive at this noisy place is interesting .
I ’ve signed Blaqstarr , too .
He ’s from Baltimore , and whenever he goes out a million screaming girls follow him .
People are gonna hear his voice and suddenly be reminded of what ’s human about us all .
There are n’t tribes any more - how can there be when we all live in computers , on social networks ?
People listen to and access music differently now , so the tribal thing has to be reformatted .
I ’m always encouraging people to be more vocal .
Google ’s more powerful than any government now - people think it ’s God .
They ’re storing all our data and one day they ’re gonna turn against us .
That ’s what my new album ’s about - I ’m living fucking proof that politics does n’t work .
Every time I breathe it ’s documented on my computer and yet I ’m still on some stupid list somewhere that says I ’m a terrorist .
Are they even interested in making money from music anymore ?
Lady Gaga plugs 15 things in her new video .
Dude , she even plugs a burger !
That ’s probably how they ’re making money right now - buying up the burger joint , putting the burger in a music video and making loads of burger money .
Oh God , I ’m so bored by it already , people need to get over it .
X Factor shit ’s irrelevant .
I ’m more concerned by how someone like Kesha can so blatantly copy Uffie .
Everyone ’s fine with it .
Not a fucking lawsuit in sight .
I would totally flop .
Are you serious ?!
I ’m not a ‘ showbiz ’ person .
I got signed and made an album without playing a show .
I scouted four different people to sing ‘ Galang ’ before I put it out as my own demo .
I do n’t know .
Again , there ’d Lady Gaga - people say we ’re similar , that we both mix all these things in the pot and spit them out differently , but she spits it out exactly the same !
None of her music ’s reflective of how weird she wants to be or thinks she is .
She models herself on Grace Jones and Madonna , but the music sounds like 20 - year - old Ibiza music , you know ?
She ’s not progressive , but she ’s a good mimic .
She sounds more like me than I fucking do !
That ’s a talent and she ’s got a great team behind her , but she ’s the industry last ’s stab at making itself important - saying , ‘ You need our money behind you , the endorsements , the stadiums ’
Respect to her , she ’s keeping a hundred thousand people in work , but my belief is : Do It Yourself .
Making records is my art , but if you ’re an artist , questioning a lot of things it ’s important to have that live space what you do is n’t gonna be twisted and manipulated .
Very .
But it ’s not like “ Haus of Gaga ” ( laughs ) .
Me blindfolded with naked men feeding me apples and shit .
In people ’s hard drives and their brains , it just has n’t been outputted yet .
It ’s really important to be physical , especially now so many of us have become typists and voyeurs .
We need a digital moshpit like we ’ve never seen , harder than how people were doing it in the punk era .
We need that energy , but digitally .
It ’s coming .
Of course they are n’t !
We have , what , a million songwriters ?
And probably three risk - takers .
I like this guy DJ Borgore .
He ’s coming out of the Tel Aviv which has gotta be weird , and in terms of dubstep he makes the hardest shit .
Money is always the enemy of music .
Back in 2003 I was in a bedsit , hand - spraying very 12 - inch and just wanting to make art .
Everybody gets turned into a product push so fast - these weird fucking ‘ hipster ’ parties promoting Red Bull or whatever .
There ’s a difference between saying ‘ no ’ to everything and ‘ yes ’ to everything .
I ’m not fucking Coldplay because I said ‘ no ’ to certain things .
When I did my ‘ selling - out ’ show for MTV they made me a hundred grand and I built a school with it in Africa .
They asked me .
Luckily Jimmy [ Iovine , chairmen of M.I.A. ’s US label Interscope ] had beef with the Twilight people , so he stepped in and told them to fuck off .
I ’m going to be an artist .
Whatever I think an artist is in 10 years .
I ’ll be doing that .
Source : I typed it out of NME
[ CentOS - announce ] Release for CentOS - 5.5 i386 and x86_64
We are pleased to announce the immediate availability of CentOS - 5.5 for i386 and x86_64 Architectures .
CentOS - 5.5 is based on the upstream release EL 5.5 and includes packages from all variants including Server and Client .
All upstream repositories have been combined into one , to make it easier for end users to work with .
This is just an announcement email , not the release notes .
The Release Notes for CentOS - 5.5 can be found on - line at : http://wiki.centos.org/Manuals/ReleaseNotes/CentOS5.5 and everyone is encouraged to look through them once .
Also worth browsing through are the CentOS FAQs at http://wiki.centos.org/FAQ
+++++++++++++++++++++++
Upgrading from CentOS - 5.4 ( or CentOS - 5.0 / 5.1 / 5.2 / 5.3 ) :
If you are already running CentOS - 5.4 or an older CentOS - 5 distro , all you need to do is update your machine via yum by running : ' yum update ' Running ' yum list updates ' before doing the update is recommended , so you can get a list of packages that are going to be updated .
To check you are indeed on CentOS - 5.5 , run : ' rpm - q centos - release ' and that should return : ' centos - release-5-5.el5.centos ' +++++++++++++++++++++++
Live-CD : LiveCDs for CentOS - 5.5 on i386 and x86_64 are being released at the same time as the main distro .
The LiveCDs are meant to be used to run a CentOS 5.5 environment or to start a network based install .
The LiveCDs are setup in a way so as to allow running from either optical media like cds and dvds or from USB keys and other portable media .
+++++++++++++++++++++++
Change in iso counts :
The i386 distro is now spread onto 7 CD iso files , while the x86_64 distro is now 8 CD isos .
The x86_64 DVD set is now spread over 2 DVD isos , while the i386 DVD remains as 1 iso file .
We 've had to split the x86_64 dvd media over multiple disks due to the increase in the binary packages size .
We have , however , tried to build them in a way that dvd # 1 should be all that is needed by most people .
x86_64 DVD #2 is limited to some OpenOffice.org language packages .
x86_64 DVD#1 includes the rest of the distro and also includes the most popular OpenOffice.org language packs .
More details on the exact split are available in the Release Notes .
+++++++++++++++++++++++
Downloading CentOS - 5.5 for new installs :
When possible , consider using torrents to run the downloads .
Not only does it help the community and keeps mirrors from running up high bandwidth bills , in most cases you will find its also the fastest means to download the distro .
There are currently over three hundred people seeding CentOS - 5 and it 's possible to get upto 100 mbps downloads via these torrents .
-- Via BitTorrent : CD : http://mirror.centos.org/centos/5.5/isos/i386/CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-1to7.torrent
http://mirror.centos.org/centos/5.5/isos/x86_64/CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-1to8.torrent
DVD : http://mirror.centos.org/centos/5.5/isos/i386/CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-DVD.torrent
http://mirror.centos.org/centos/5.5/isos/x86_64/CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-DVD.torrent
LiveCD : http://mirror.centos.org/centos/5.5/isos/i386/CentOS-5.5-i386-LiveCD.torrent
http://mirror.centos.org/centos/5.5/isos/x86_64/CentOS-5.5-x86_64-LiveCD.torrent md5sum's for these torrent files : cdc45af66bf92987ada310e251d43398 CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-1to7.torrent 5f623a38eab7f5eae21c3c4e3fe80c04 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-1to8.torrent 489aba8ea3d9f82973728813f5c1d0ad CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-DVD.torrent a001e84db58e59113a83cf06730bf7fc CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-DVD.torrent 3836afe12e27435ff928e35f2d85db10 CentOS-5.5-i386-LiveCD.torrent 55a40ba2e170a6bd424732d4c4116041 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-LiveCD.torrent --
Via direct download :
Due to bandwidth considerations the CentOS Project does not publish ISOS directly from our network machines .
However direct downloads are available from external mirrors over http , ftp and rsync .
A geoip based list is available at http://isoredirect.centos.org/centos/5/isos/ to give you the best predictable match ( and only lists mirrors that are updated already , so you do n't need to waste time looking for a sync'd mirror )
Some mirrors also publish DVD images that can be downloaded directly .
Refer to the mirrors list page at http://www.centos.org/mirrors for more details Mirrors that offer DVDs are clearly marked on the page .
sha1sum for these ISOS : i386 : 2ace21ada6705ed2893b651927bca612ac0882a2 CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-1of7.iso febe79c5b42b1b1038ed748500e231dd6565a8e5 CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-2of7.iso f9772b5c9e5bb4d2da748cb6c4c38a4a5c1a2cf9 CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-3of7.iso 0b86a414fadb9f0981ef3cb862aba8b9ace82f76 CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-4of7.iso 8ae4b28c6d551600d6b1eab2677153b5c0d3b1c6 CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-5of7.iso 9a8c36abd230ced70ca600c540c2b06aa6e91497 CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-6of7.iso 4ef1f284961f3e035ec2641cabec86048317939f CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-7of7.iso 48c158fb9446148432a07634b2688915a279580 b CentOS-5.5-i386-bin-DVD.iso 2745b4b1082a604405e14635bf1fb4638b3f45c2 CentOS-5.5-i386-LiveCD.iso 37aa393aef7e6aa2d19607f45eeed9ae7e63f0 fb CentOS-5.5-i386-netinstall.iso x86_64 : 0c27f508728f6a96f50e4201cd770fe9e57af3e2 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-1of8.iso ff57db0cf9af9bfc65471f49444ea92cdc238347 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-2of8.iso 0 faf38976fbf4053180a25f7535d66b084092059 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-3of8.iso b097bf9b747f2d16da00ff29f1e0d40b523b0a55 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-4of8.iso f1179ec875c0b4792e56f660493e82f0aff5e0f3 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-5of8.iso 009892c8de408dc091e5a96b4a4ab213f2d5fe17 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-6of8.iso 9660e63bd06a68ce94fe98defae1a0806ab834ae CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-7of8.iso 80c74ca2622b9aee3621a13a0cf6dbdc7743b4ee CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-8of8.iso a85d7cd41f49f2146177dae52163d5dca276efc2 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-DVD-1of2.iso bb9a2c140170f10ed854541004539890ef7c68c8 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-bin-DVD-2of2.iso 3a04aa81ef75f329bf245a8c4f02af8137a84fb8 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-LiveCD.iso 231af7ca726557634a1f4d4f57436aab5a75f3b4 CentOS-5.5-x86_64-netinstall.iso +++++++++++++++++++++++
Pending Updates : Since upstream released their 5.5 media , a series of updates have been issued .
These updates are currently syncing to the CentOS mirrors .
+++++++++++++++++++++++
Sources and Debuginfo packages : srpms and debuginfo packages are still making their way to the CentOS mirrors and should be online within the next few days .
Most sources are already in place , while the debuginfos are only stating to get uploaded now .
+++++++++++++++++++++++
Getting Help :
The best place to start when looking for help with CentOS is at the wiki ( http://wiki.centos.org/GettingHelp ) which lists various options and communities who might be able to help .
If you think there is a bug in the system , do report it at http://bugs.centos.org/
- but keep in mind that the bugs system is * not* a support mechanism .
Some Friendly URLs : http://www.centos.org/
http://wiki.centos.org/
http://lists.centos.org/
http://bugs.centos.org/ irc://#centos@irc.freenode.net
+++++++++++++++++++++++
A big thanks to everyone who contributed towards this release , including the translation teams , the qa team , the artwork team , the CentOS Developers and all the users out there .
A special thanks to my fellow CentOS Infrastructure team members : Ralph Angenendt and Tru Huynh , who have both put in many extra-long days .
And a shout out to all the donors who have contributed machines , bandwidth and infrastructure towards the CentOS Project .
Enjoy this release , tell all your friends about it too !
-- Karanbir Singh CentOS Project { http://www.centos.org/
} irc : z00dax , #centos at irc.freenode.net
This is an artist 's concept of the exoplanet WASP - 12 b .
It is the hottest known planet in the Milky Way galaxy , and potentially the shortest lived .
The planet is only 2 million miles from its sunlike parent star — a fraction of Earth 's distance from the Sun .
The hottest known planet in our galaxy is being stretched into the shape of a football and rapidly consumed by its parent star , new observations from the Hubble Space Telescope show .
The extrasolar planet on the cosmic menu , called WASP - 12 b , may only have another 10 million years left before it is completely devoured , Hubble scientists announced Thursday .
WASP - 12b is so close to its sun-like star that it is superheated to nearly 2,800 degrees Fahrenheit and stretched into an elongated shape by enormous tidal forces .
Because of those phenomenal forces , the planet 's atmosphere has ballooned to nearly three times Jupiter 's radius and is pouring material onto its parent star .
WASP - 12b is 40 percent more massive than Jupiter .
This effect of matter exchange between two stellar objects is commonly seen in close binary star systems , but this is the first time it has been seen so clearly for a planet .
The system was observed with the new Cosmic Origins Spectrograph ( COS ) instrument on Hubble .
" We see a huge cloud of material around the planet which is escaping and will be captured by the star .
We have identified chemical elements never before seen on planets outside our own solar system , " said team leader Carole Haswell of The Open University in the United Kingdom .
The distortion of the planet by the star 's gravity was first predicted in a paper published in February in the journal Nature by Shu-lin Li of Peking University in Beijing .
That work predicted that the gravitational tidal forces working on the planet would make its interior so hot that it greatly expands the planet 's outer atmosphere .
Now Hubble has confirmed this prediction .
The planet 's parent star , WASP - 12 , is a yellow dwarf star located approximately 600 light - years away in the winter constellation Auriga .
The exoplanet it is slowly destroying was discovered by the United Kingdom 's Wide Area Search for Planets ( WASP ) in 2008 .
The unprecedented ultraviolet ( UV ) sensitivity of COS enabled measurements of the dimming of the parent star 's light as the planet passed in front of the star .
These UV spectral observations showed that absorption lines from aluminum , tin , manganese , among other elements , became more pronounced as the planet transited the star , meaning that these elements exist in the planet 's atmosphere as well as in the star .
The fact the COS could detect these features on a planet offers strong evidence that the planet 's atmosphere is greatly extended because it is so hot , researchers said .
The new observations of WASP - 12b are detailed in the May 10 issue of The Astrophysical Journal Letters .
Will " Mr. Hockey " now have to be called " Dr. Hockey ?
" The University of Saskatchewan announced this week that Gordie Howe will receive an honorary Doctor of Laws degree at the school 's commencement on June 3 .
The hockey legend and Hall of Famer was born in Floral , Sask . , and grew up in Saskatoon .
He won four Stanley Cups with the Detroit Red Wings in the 1950s and six Hart Trophies as the league 's most valuable player .
He retired the NHL's all - time leader in games played , goals and points ; he 's still No. 1 in games played and is second in goals and third in points .
The university said it is also recognizing the 82 - year - old for his philanthropic work , including his Howe Foundation , which raises money to help youngsters play the game .
Canadians spend much time debating which party would make the best government .
Perhaps , in this era of minority parliaments , we should focus equally on who would do the best job of acting as official opposition .
Because it seems that Michael Ignatieff ’s Liberals certainly are n’t up to the job .
The latest example of Liberal ineffectiveness is the party ’s contradictory approach to a massive omnibus bill working its way through the Commons .
Bill C - 9 is ostensibly designed to implement federal budget measures , including some popular tax changes , approved back in March .
But it goes much farther than anything explicitly detailed in that budget and , if passed , would give Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s government new authority on a wide variety of fronts .
One of its more stunning proposals — particularly in light of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill disaster — would exempt a wide range of commercial projects from rules designed to protect the environment .
Another would give cabinet the right to sell off the country ’s premier nuclear corporation , Atomic Energy of Canada , without parliamentary approval .
All three opposition parties say that to package so many disparate things in one bill is an outrageous abuse .
But the Liberals , desperate to avoid an election they believe they ca n’t yet win , are letting the bill move ahead anyway .
Most recently , the Liberals kept one of their MPs away from the Commons finance committee to make sure that Bill C - 9 could get through that stage without their having to explicitly support it .
On Tuesday , Liberal MP and finance critic Bob Rae was on CBC Radio suggesting that the unelected Senate might be better positioned than the elected Commons to give Bill C - 9 the scrutiny it deserves .
That ’s an argument that does n’t make sense ( the unelected Senate is always loath to defeat a Commons money bill ) .
But to be fair to Rae , it ’s all he could say given the refusal of Liberal MPs to undertake the job they were elected to fill — that of official opposition .
The essential problem is that the Liberals do n’t take the role of opposition seriously .
Desperate for power , they are unwilling to do anything to spark an election until they are reasonably sure of winning it .
Yet given the current configuration of political forces in Canada — and their current leader — they cannot be certain of winning more seats than Harper ’s Conservatives in the next election .
So they do nothing .
They hem ; they haw ; they occasionally threaten .
But in the end they back off , waiting for that elusive better chance .
That may be fine for them .
But it ’s not for us .
The country did n’t elect 77 Liberal MPs so that they could sit on their hands waiting for the moment to regain power .
We elected them — and the Bloc Québécois and the New Democrats — to rein in a minority Conservative government that most of us do n’t trust .
How they accomplish this is up to them .
We ’ve had plenty of experience with minority parliaments in Canada .
In most cases , the official opposition has managed to hold the government to account without surrendering its own long - term political interests .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But that works only if the opposition takes its job seriously .
The Bloc and the NDP do .
The Liberals do n’t .
They focus only on winning the next go - around .
They may find , when the go - around occurs , that the country has lost patience with them .
Thomas Walkom 's column appears Wednesday and Saturday .
I am away from the computer properly until later tonight , but we ’ve already got some of Sunday morning ’s polls out .
So far ICM in the Sunday Telegraph are showing CON 36 % , LAB 29 % , LDEM 27 % .
There is a second ICM poll in the News of the World of marginal seats which I ’ll look at properly later – the News of the World are saying it predicts a Tory majority of 4 .
Angus Reid in the Sunday Express have CON 35 % , LAB 23 % , LDEM 29 % .
ComRes in the Sunday Mirror have CON 38 % , LAB 28 % , LDEM 25 % .
Definitely YouGov to come later , and probably more .
I ’ll update properly then .
UPDATE : Traffic keeps knocking the site down tonight – I ’ve switched off comments for now .
My original plan was to set up a second cut down site with seperate hosting to allow people to comment on the eve of the election and election night when the traffic would definitely bring the site down , but it seems like I ’ve already reached the point where the server simply can’t cope with the traffic , so I ’m going to set it up later on tonight instead .
UPDATE2 : The UKPollingReport backup site is here – http://ukpollingreport.wordpress.com/.
It is still only half set up , but you may as well bookmark it now for whenever the site goes down , or whenever comments are shut .
Lighter than air craft have captured people 's imaginations for centuries .
In the early to mid 20th century , it seemed like these airships would take over and dominate the skies .
Airships : North Pole Quest takes you to that heady time and lets you pilot your own ship across the globe .
The game is up on Kickstarter now .
From the campaign :
Why would a design firm follow up what might be the most beautiful book of all time on Airships and the people who flew them : “ Airships | Designed for Greatness , the Illustrated History ” by creating a game ?
Because we fell in love with the stories .
We realized how everything in those stories –design , mechanics , weather , genius , ambition , luck , and more –integrated to make the stories greater than the sum of their parts .
And we realized that the only way to encourage people to engage with the deep humanity of these stories is to " climb into the skin " of the Airship commanders and face many of the same decisions they did .
A game can bring the stories to life .
And make them your stories too !
Airships : North Pole Quest will take you back to 1924 , the golden years of airships , when nations started aiming for the Arctic , the last inviolate frontier , and for its symbol : the North Pole .
Yes , this was about prestige , but also of great opportunities , strategic explorations , and trade routes to be opened .
The news media and people all over the world thrilled at stories of new aerial records broken , and of the daring successes ( and tragic losses ) of famed aviators–and a few great aviatrixes too !
Now you can immerse yourself in this period so deeply you can taste it .
We wanted to create more than just an enjoyable and beautiful game , but make it a great homage to an entire Epoch .
Nations facing the unknown , trusting the progress of technology .
Ships and icebreakers carry equipment and men towards the developed Arctic bases .
Immense airships take off , among great ovations from the crowds , darkening the skies .
Will they reach their destination ?
It is up to you !
Click on a letter below to find your council
A B C D E F G H I K L M N O P R S T W
You are out there in the middle of no where and nobody is around .
The boat is sailing by herself and the sun is warm on your skin .
Now i...
About 40 years ago , a social movement arose to destroy the establishment .
The people we loosely call the New Left wanted to take on The Man , return power to the people , upend the elites and lead a revolution .
Today , another social movement has arisen .
The people we loosely call the Tea Partiers also want to destroy the establishment .
They also want to take on The Man , return power to the people , upend the elites and lead a revolution .
There are many differences between the New Left and the Tea Partiers .
One was on the left , the other is on the right .
One was bohemian , the other is bourgeois .
One was motivated by war , and the other is motivated by runaway federal spending .
One went to Woodstock , the other is more likely to go to Wal - Mart .
But the similarities are more striking than the differences .
To start with , the Tea Partiers have adopted the tactics of the New Left .
They go in for street theater , mass rallies , marches and extreme statements that are designed to shock polite society out of its stupor .
This mimicry is no accident .
Dick Armey , one of the spokesmen for the Tea Party movement , recently praised the methods of Saul Alinsky , the leading tactician of the New Left .
This guys took a trip to the Russian abandoned tank army base .
Look like this place could make a good scenery for some 3d shooter game …
photos by artdel.ru
i Pad + iBook = Weird , Useful Shrine to Appley Goodness
Tired of waiting for decent keyboard accessories for your shiny new iPad ?
This hack takes a classic piece of Apple goodness and chops it together with the new flashy tablet that everyone seems so crazy about .
The hack , put together by Osakan blogger Dark Kyokucho , puts a beautiful new iPad into the timelessly awesome iBook .
The modder realized that the iPad would fit perfectly into the iBook ’s screen space .
From there , it was n’t a very far leap to come up with this unholy - yet - perfect union .
With a couple of cable connections and a bit of rigging , the fabulous creation was complete .
The previously - unused iBook was given a second life and the iPad gained an interesting new protective case that will no doubt make all passers - by do a double take .
There will be long term costs to it - on interest on the debt - but the Obama stimulus seems to have done much better than almost anyone expected :
CBO estimates that in the first quarter of calendar year 2010 , ARRA ’s policies : Raised the level of real ( inflation - adjusted ) gross domestic product ( GDP ) by between 1.7 percent and 4.2 percent ,
Lowered the unemployment rate by between 0.7 percentage points and 1.5 percentage points ,
Increased the number of people employed by between 1.2 million and 2.8 million , and
Increased the number of full - time - equivalent ( FTE ) jobs by 1.8 million to 4.1 million compared with what those amounts would have been otherwise .
( Increases in FTE jobs include shifts from part - time to full - time work or overtime and are thus generally larger than increases in the number of employed workers . )
The effects of ARRA on output and employment are expected to increase further during calendar year 2010 but then diminish in 2011 and fade away by the end of 2012 .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
An article describing breastfeeding as " creepy " , written by the deputy editor of a leading parenting magazine , has caused widespread outrage on the internet and prompted protests to the Press Complaints Commission .
Under the headline " I formula fed .
So what ? " , Kathryn Blundell says in this month 's Mother & Baby that she bottlefed her child from birth because " I wanted my body back .
( And some wine ) …
I also wanted to give my boobs at least a chance to stay on my chest rather than dangling around my stomach . "
She goes on to say : " They 're part of my sexuality , too – not just breasts , but fun bags .
And when you have that attitude ( and I admit I made no attempt to change it ) , seeing your teeny , tiny , innocent baby latching on where only a lover has been before feels , well , a little creepy . "
She concedes that " there are all the studies that show [ breastfeeding ] reduces the risk of breast cancer for you , and stomach upsets and allergies for your baby .
But even the convenience and supposed health benefits of breast milk could n't induce me to stick my nipple in a bawling baby 's mouth . "
She continues : " I do n't think I 'm the only one , either – only 52 % of mums still breastfeed after six weeks .
Ask most of the quitters why they stopped and you 'll hear tales of agonising three - hour feeding sessions and – the drama !
– bloody nipples .
But I often wonder whether many of these women , like me , just could n't be fagged or felt like getting tipsy once in a while . "
The shockingly frank article has reignited the breast - versus - bottle debate .
The Department of Health recommends that babies are fed only breast milk for the first six months of life – an aspiration achieved by only one in 100 UK mothers .
Many women who are unable to breastfeed or who choose to use formula milk say they are made to feel guilty or inadequate by an increasingly vociferous pro-breastfeeding lobby .
Blundell 's piece has electrified parenting websites and six people have complained to the PCC .
Many are furious at the anti-breastfeeding message being sent out by a journalist in a senior position at a magazine read by new mothers .
Others are more angry at the tone of the article and the reasons the author cites for not breastfeeding , rather than the fact that it is pro-bottle feeding .
A campaign group supported by nearly 500 people has been set up on the social networking site Facebook calling on Blundell to apologise .
One member wrote : " As a formula - feeding mum who was unable to breastfeed , I am left wondering whether , thanks to this piece , people who see me giving my baby a bottle may assume that I am doing so because I could not be fagged to breastfeed / found the idea ' creepy ' . "
The article also attracted hundreds of comments on the Mumsnet website .
One mother posted : " Even if it is intended to be tongue - in - cheek , you can imagine it having a bad effect on someone who 's feeling vulnerable postnatally and struggling with breastfeeding . "
On the pro-breastfeeding website Lactivist , one woman wrote : " This surely cannot be allowed , for a woman in her position to be so unapologetically negative regarding breastfeeding and generally spreading misinformation . "
Another wrote on Clothnappytree.com : " While breastfeeding numbers are so low , a magazine targeting new mums should not be printing an article that is anti-breastfeeding .
It is completely unsupportive . "
Not all postings were unsympathetic to Blundell .
One contributor to The Midwife Sanctuary , a website for midwives , wrote : " There are quite a few women that feel like this and are feeling alienated because of it .
Not every mother has the urge to breastfeed and that does n't make them less of a mother . "
Mother & Baby has received scores of letters and emails in praise of the piece .
Reader Emma
Dwight emailed : " I love your article !
Not only does it completely sum up the minds of us formula - feeding mothers , but does it with humour and respect for those breastfeeders too . "
Miranda Levy , the magazine 's editor , said : " Mother & Baby is a constant and vocal supporter of breastfeeding . "
Of Blundell 's article , she said : " This was her personal experience , and has a place in the debate .
We have been inundated by emails applauding her ' refreshing ' point of view : we have made readers feel ' normal ' and less of a ' failure ' for not managing to breastfeed – a situation which is incredibly common .
" The way you feed your baby is not a moral issue and at Mother & Baby we seek to support all new parents in what is a glorious , but often difficult and emotional , time . "
“ This season is all I have left to give .
My heart can take the pounding
My mind can handle the grind
But my body knows it ’s time to say ...
The population of honeybees in the UK and throughout the world is suffering a severe decline which is turning into a crisis .
A combination of negative effects has contributed to breaking a vital link in the ecosystem that could threaten more than just the production of honey
Muhammad Saleem is a social media consultant and a top - ranked community member on multiple social news sites .
Follow him on Twitter for more social media insights .
Facebook 's official company statistics outline the breakdown of the sites over 400 million active users .
While the site points out about 70 % of Facebook users are outside the United States , it does n't dive deeper into the U.S. numbers .
To find out more about the average American Facebook user and how he or she compares to the average American , we dug a little further .
After crunching the numbers and comparing the data , this is what we found .
Editor 's Note :
The DC number is greater than 100 % because of the disproportionate amount of people who technically reside elsewhere but live in DC , and it would include people in surrounding cities who claim to live in DC on their profiles .
Last July
I wrote a piece for The Daily Beast on the continuing cops-shooting - dogs problem .
While it 's difficult to say just how often this happens ( police departments tend to be less than forthcoming with the data ) , it 's often enough to produce a regular stream of news stories .
What I did discover while reporting that piece is that very few police departments provide training for their officers on how to deal with dogs , something I found astonishing given how often your typical cop is likely to come into contact with one .
By contrast , a U.S. Postal Service spokesman told me all of their employees get annual training on interaction with dogs .
Probably not coincidentally , he also said serious dog attacks on postal workers are vanishingly rare .
The other problem is that there 's rarely any accountability for these shootings .
If a police officer says he felt threatened by the dog , that 's usually enough to justify the shoot , even if the dog was a miniature Dachshund , or a Jack Russell Terrier .
Three cases of cop - on - canine violence in the news this week illustrate these problems .
The first involves the disturbing video below , in which police officers in Lagrange , Missouri shoot a chained American Bulldog .
A few points .
First , the dog obviously poses no immediate threat to anyone .
It 's chained .
Until the officer starts chasing it with a restraining pole , the dog is calmly lying on the ground .
Second , even if you take the neighbor 's complaint and the police report at face value , the dog never actually bit anyone .
The complaint was that it growled .
All dogs growl .
If the dog has come off its property to threaten neighbors , the solution is to hold the owner accountable , not to execute the dog .
Third , this dog is not a " pit bull , " as police claim .
It 's an American Bulldog , which shares few characteristics with what are commonly called pit bulls , save perhaps for some physical resemblance .
( The police definition of " pit bull " often seems to be " any dog we shot . " )
Finally , even if this were an aggressive dog , the shooting is outrageous .
The animal was restrained and calm for most of the video .
The police had ample opportunity to call animal control or a vet to subdue it .
The officers have been cleared of any wrongdoing .
And the owner has been cited and fined .
In the second case , police in Washington , D.C. shot eight rounds at a dog belonging to 62 - year - old Marietta Robinson .
The dog was killed .
Police had a search warrant naming Robinson 's grandson .
Robinson says the man has n't lived in her home for years .
Robinson says she asked if she could put the dog in the bathroom during the search .
They allowed that .
Then they opened the door and shot the dog anyway .
( Hat tip to Patrick at Popehat for this story , who also has some excellent commentary . )
Finally , to illustrate the point that opening fire even on actually agressive dogs is a dangerous way of subduing them , there 's this story from Philadelphia :
A Philadelphia police officer was shot in a leg Thursday morning when members of a team serving a narcotics warrant in East Germantown opened fire on an attacking dog , authorities said .
Cpl. Lawrence McKenny was treated at Albert Einstein Medical Center and released .
It was not clear whether McKenny , 38 , was hit with a bullet fired by another officer or from his own gun , department spokesman Lt. Frank Vanore said .
The officers were serving a warrant in the 5700 block of Lambert Street about 9:45 a.m. when a pit bull attacked them from behind .
Both officers turned and fired , killing the dog , Vanore said .
The point here is not that all cops are trigger - happy dog murderers .
But there does seem to be an attitude that an officer is justified putting a few bullets into a dog if he feels even the slightest bit of discomfort around the animal .
Mere fear of a bite , not even an actual bite , is justification for gunfire .
Subsequent complaints about dog killings are usually dismissed with little consideration .
The lack of training is especially troubling .
A spokesman for the Humane Society told me last year that his organization offers free training to any police department that requests it .
He could only think of a few that had taken advantage of the offer .
Infinity Ward ’s Rob Bowling has revealed the ins and outs of the upcoming Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 Stimulus map pack .
Speaking with Major Nelson , Bowling informed all listening that the DLC will run 1200 MS Points ( $ 15 ) and detailed the five maps make up the pack , including two updates from the original Modern Warfare .
The map pack hits March 30 for Xbox 360 , no news on a PC release as of yet .
From the map list :
Bailout – An “ overrun apartment complex ”
Storm –
An industrial park “ in the middle of a rainy downpour , tense thunderstorm ”
Salvage – An abandoned junkyard ” , with a “ snowy terrain ”
Crash – Urban map with a downed heli , one of the classics from COD4
Overgrown –
It ’s “ wide open , great for snipers ” , the other map from Modern Warfare 1
News reports that Americans are owed $ 33 billion or more in " unclaimed money " conjure up images of lottery - style windfalls .
The reality is that if you are able to find something like a long - forgotten bank account , the amount you reap will probably be small .
The good news :
It 's a lot easier than it used to be to seek and find forgotten cash .
Windfall or not , it does n't hurt to poke around on Internet databases .
In the past decade , the rise of the Internet has made the process this simple : Enter your name and hit " go " on your state 's unclaimed - property website .
A list will pop up showing possible matches to be pursued , often with some hint of the amount of money involved .
Although states keep up the records , what we 're talking about is n't tax - refund money .
It 's things like bank accounts , stocks , uncashed dividend or payroll checks , traveler 's checks , insurance policies , customer overpayments , and contents of safe - deposit boxes .
The state databases are the result of consumer - protection laws .
A search for " missing money " makes even more sense than usual at a time when many Americans are struggling financially .
CBS 's " Early Show " reported Thursday morning that about $ 33 billion in unclaimed money resides with state treasuries and other agencies , waiting to be returned .
This amounts to $ 280 per unclaimed payment , correspondent Rebecca Jarvis said .
That may be the average amount , but searches commonly turn up " less than $ 100 . "
" Unclaimed property laws have been around since at least the 1940s , but have become much broader and more enforced in the last 15 years , " the National Association of Unclaimed Property Administrators ( NAUPA ) says on its website , which represents the state - level programs .
If you want to hunt for this kind of buried treasure , here are some tips :
• Two key resources for easy Web - based searching are unclaimed.org and MissingMoney.com .
Both charge no fee , are supported by NAUPA , and draw on state - based lists of unclaimed money .
The MissingMoney site , created by NAUPA in 1999 , allows one - stop searching of more than half the states plus Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia .
Although not all states participate in MissingMoney , the unclaimed .org site will link you to state - level search tools .
• Remember to widen your searches in appropriate ways .
You can try variations of your name ( before a marriage , for example ) .
You may have rights to some money that was owed to deceased relatives , so you can search with their names as well .
Also , it may pay to look in all the states where you or the relatives have lived .
• The NAUPA site offers a page of links to other resources that may be helpful , including Canadian and Swiss sites for unclaimed bank accounts and US federal agencies such as Veterans Affairs and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp .
Some of the government - backed websites also offer tips on avoiding scams .
Some private services offer legitimate help in recovering lost assets , while others are trying to get your money unscrupulously .
On tax refunds , the Internal Revenue Service often finds you with an amount you 're owed .
Schedule M for income tax is a case in point : Thousands of Americans are receiving tax refunds based on the " making work pay " tax credit .
For those who failed to claim it , the IRS made the correction for them .
Finally , all these reminders about lost money point back to a more basic reality :
The best way to claim your money is not to lose track of it in the first place .
Related :
I have n't taken a look at a new Corsair SSD in a while .
The company started out by shipping relatively uninteresting Samsung based SSDs , but since then we 've seen Corsair ramp up adoption of newer technologies fairly quickly .
With drives from Indilinx and now SandForce onboard , it 's time for an update from one of the first companies to ever visit me in NC over a decade ago .
Next week I should receive their new SandForce SF - 1200 based drive , the Corsair Force , however today I got their Indilinx Barefoot based Nova drive :
This drive is based on Indilinx 's Barefoot controller but uses 34nm Intel NAND ( other NAND vendors are supported as well ) .
It 's Corsair 's version of the G.Skill Falcon II we looked at a while back , or OCZ 's Solid 2 .
I 'm running it through our test suite now , expect to see results in Bench in the next couple of days .
More pics in the Gallery .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Conservatives have made a " final offer " to the Lib Dems of a referendum on electoral reform as the battle to form the UK 's next government heats up .
Tory deputy leader William Hague said he would offer Nick Clegg 's party a vote on the Alternative Vote system .
It comes after Gordon Brown , who said he was standing down as Labour leader , offered to put AV into law with a referendum for voters to approve it .
The Lib Dems must now decide which party they want to back .
In the interests of trying to create a stable , secure government we will go the extra mile and we will offer to the Liberal Democrats , in a coalition government , the holding of a referendum on the Alternative Vote system , so that the people of this country can decide
William Hague
Shadow foreign secretary
Q&A : Alternative voting systems Speaking outside the House of Commons , Mr Hague urged the Lib Dems to accept the Tory deal , arguing that to join with Labour would mean " a second unelected prime minister in a row " and the imposition of voting reform without first consulting the public in a referendum .
This was later denied by Labour sources , who said they would pass a law on AV immediately , but then hold a referendum to allow voters to approve or reject it .
There were also unconfirmed reports Labour was offering the prospect of full proportional representation at a later stage .
Mr Hague said a deal with the Tories was the only way to guarantee the " strong , stable government " the Lib Dems say they want , as it would give the two parties a " secure Parliamentary majority of 76 " .
Referendum Labour would have to band together with other parties such as the Scottish Nationalists , Plaid Cymru , the Green Party and the SDLP in order to guarantee a working majority .
BROWN TO STAND DOWN
Tory ' final offer ' on vote reform Q&A : Brown 's decision to quit Gordon Brown 's rise and fall Labour leader : Runners and riders
In quotes : Resignation reaction
In pictures : Gordon Brown The Conservatives are also understood to be offering the Lib Dems fixed - term Parliaments .
Mr Hague said the focus of Conservative negotiations with the Lib Dems , which have been going on for three days since the general election ended with no clear winner , has been on the economy .
The Conservatives have long been opposed to a referendum on electoral reform but in his statement Mr Hague said : " In the interests of trying to create a stable , secure government we will go the extra mile and we will offer to the Liberal Democrats , in a coalition government , the holding of a referendum on the Alternative Vote system , so that the people of this country can decide . "
POSSIBLE OUTCOMES
Tory - Lib Dem coalition forms government with working majority Labour - Lib Dem coalition forms government but has to rely on support of smaller parties such as SNP and Plaid Cymru Conservative minority government , if Lib Dems fail to reach deal with them or Labour Mr Hague warned it would be a " great mistake " for the Lib Dems to do a deal with Labour given their " apparent attachment to improving democracy " .
He said : " It would be wrong to construct a government , which would n't be stable , which would n't have a prime minister elected by the people of this country and would n't be submitting a major constitutional change to a referendum of the country . "
Full coalition Mr Hague said that in a possible referendum , Conservative MPs opposed to change in the voting system would be " at liberty " to campaign against it .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said a weak coalition struggling to achieve a Parliamentary majority was " not in the national interest " .
" The Liberal Democrats want to change our voting system and we are making that offer .
" So the parliamentary party , in the extraordinary meeting where we genuinely consulted them following a meeting of the shadow cabinet , has pretty much to a person - I can't think of a single person who objected - endorsed the position set out and agrees to make this offer now to the Liberal Democrats as a final offer . "
Conservative sources have told the BBC that on Monday morning the Conservative and Liberal Democrat teams were discussing a stripped - down deal in which the Lib Dems would not topple the Tories in a confidence vote .
It is now understood the Lib Dems are seeking a full coalition with either Labour or the Conservatives .
There are no plans at the moment for Tory negotiators to resume their talks with the Lib Dems , the BBC understands .
Coalition scenarios
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It 's the future and we 're still waiting for our personal jetpacks , but it looks like robot helpers in every home are closer than ever , with thecorpra's Qbo getting us ever closer .
Okay , so without arms he 's unlikely to be much of a help around the house , but that does n't mean he would n't make a useful addition to your abode .
He 's peppered with sensors of various types , has stereo high - def webcam eyes , microphone ears , and even an LED mouth .
Inside his belly rests a Mini-ITX motherboard festooned with WiFi , Bluetooth , an Intel Atom processor and NVIDIA Ion graphics , all running some flavor of Linux .
Yes , that means he could stream YouTube videos in HD ... if only he had the appropriate outputs .
There 's no mention of price or availability at this point but something tells us he wo n't be free as in beer .
Full picture with specs after the break .
Imperialism and the political economy of the Holocaust
By Nick Beams
12 May 2010
This lecture was delivered at San Diego State University on April 29 .
It was the eighth in a series entitled " Killing for a higher cause : Political violence in a world in crisis " sponsored by the Institute on World Affairs within the Political Science Department of the San Diego State University .
It is now almost seven decades since Adolf Hitler and the Nazi regime initiated their program for the mass murder of all European Jews .
Our sense of the enormity of this crime has not diminished with the passing of time .
On the contrary , the significance of the Holocaust is underscored by events now unfolding — wars of imperialist and colonial aggression in the name of a “ war on terror ” , deepening rivalries between the major capitalist powers and a breakdown of the capitalist economic order recalling the crises of the 1930s out of which the Nazi regime arose .
If these remarks appear controversial they are intended to be , because the Holocaust itself cannot be understood without penetrating the arguments and disputes that surround it — controversies that have contemporary political relevance .
Let me begin , therefore , by pointing to some of the positions I will be seeking to refute in the course of my remarks .
In 1996 , the Harvard academic Daniel Goldhagen burst on to the scene with his book Hitler ’s Willing Executioners : Ordinary Germans and the Holocaust .
The Goldhagen thesis was that the Holocaust was the product of a deep - seated and murderous anti-Semitism lodged within the psyche and outlook of “ ordinary Germans . ”
No investigation of the Nazi movement and its elevation to power was necessary , much less an examination of the social and economic processes that led to the Holocaust .
It was simply a product of the anti-Semitism that moved many thousands of ordinary Germans , and would have moved millions more had they been given the chance , to slaughter Jews .
The commercial “ success ” enjoyed by Goldhagen ’s book lay in its superficiality and its appeal to prejudices and simplistic explanations that required neither thought nor critical analysis .
It was an expression of the times .
This was the “ boom ” of the 1990s ; the market reigned supreme , history had come to an end with the collapse of the Soviet Union and critical thought was not required .
The Goldhagen thesis was , nevertheless , opposed from a number of quarters and its crudities quickly exposed .
Take , for example , the claim that the anti-Semitism of Germans as Germans was responsible .
If , in the first decade of the twentieth century , the question had been asked : in which country is it most likely that a mass murder of Jews will be organised , the answer , almost certainly , would have been Russia .
As for Germany , the historian Robert Wistrich noted that “ had there been a Nobel Prize for passionate identification with German language and culture before 1933 , the Jews would have surely won it . ” [ 1 ]
Despite it being torn to shreds , variants of the Goldhagen thesis are to be found as an “ explanation ” of the Holocaust in popular consciousness .
One person , upon hearing the title of my lecture and that it would seek to reveal the underlying driving forces of the Holocaust , simply commented : “ Hate ” .
The issue , however , is far more complex .
What makes the Holocaust so shocking , and so difficult to comprehend , is that it was characterised , in Hannah Arendt ’s phrase , by the “ banality of evil ” .
Mass murder was organised through a dispassionate bureaucratic apparatus .
And this characteristic has become the basis for an entire school of thought .
Taking as their starting point the bureaucratic and seemingly rational organisation of the Holocaust , adherents of the Frankfurt School maintained that its origins lay in reason itself , in human thought , in the Enlightenment .
According to the two founding fathers of this tendency , Max Horkheimer and Theodore Adorno , writing in 1944 : “ The dilemma that faced us in our work proved to be the first phenomenon for investigation : the self - destruction of the Enlightenment .
We are wholly convinced … that social freedom is inseparable from enlightened thought .
Nevertheless , we believe that we have just as clearly recognized that the notion of this way of thinking , no less than the actual historic forms — the social institutions — with which it is interwoven , already contain the seed of the reversal universally apparent today . ” [ 2 ]
According to this outlook , the seeds of the Holocaust are lodged within humanity itself .
The works of the Frankfurt School have played a significant role in shaping the outlook of sections of the intelligentsia , especially those who claim to be on the “ left ” , and , through them , have exerted influence in the fields of art and culture .
This year ’s Oscar winner Kathryn Bigelow is a case in point .
Elaborating on the themes of her first film , Bigelow said that “ in the 1960s you think of the enemy as outside yourself , in other words , a police officer , the government , the system , but that ’s not really the case at all , fascism is very insidious , we reproduce it all the time . ” [ 3 ]
These theories serve a very definite social and political purpose .
What is the use of striving for the improvement of human civilisation , for a better world , if the very forms of thought that are at the base of such striving contain within them the germs of the kind of social regression and barbarism that manifested themselves in the Holocaust ?
In the final analysis , the seeds of fascism lie within us all .
They will flower if the right conditions prevail .
There is another , no less politically significant , theory of the Holocaust .
This is the claim that it did not arise from the contradictions of the capitalist system but simply from the criminal activities of the Nazis , unrelated to the social order they defended .
The Nazis were somehow able to capture the German state and then use it to carry out their murderous racialist perspective .
Accordingly , the German capitalist class cannot be held responsible , because it was subject to the dictates of the Nazis along with the rest of society .
In addition to absolving the German ruling elites , this theory has also proved politically useful in the recent period , because it maintains that the lesson to be drawn is that the “ world community ” must act to prevent the emergence of another Hitler , wherever he might appear .
A laudable aim it might seem .
It just so happens , however , that the views of the “ world community ” always seem to coincide with the interests of the major imperialist powers .
So we find two wars launched against the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq , on the basis that he was the new Hitler , and a war against Serbia and the regime of Slobodan Milosevic , initiated on the grounds that he was the Hitler of the Balkans .
In the 1990s , the German SPD - Green government even invoked the Holocaust to justify military intervention in the old Balkan stamping grounds of German imperialism .
Germany , of all nations , it was claimed , knew the lessons of the Holocaust and so intervention had to be organised to prevent another genocide .
The crucial role of German imperialism in breaking up Yugoslavia in the 1990s , setting in motion the terrible conflicts that subsequently erupted , was passed over in silence .
In opposition to these theories , this lecture will seek to demonstrate that the coming to power of the Nazis was not a product of the inherent evil in mankind , nor a product of modernism , nor a terrible , inexplicable accident .
It was the response of the German capitalist ruling class to the political and social crisis it confronted .
Further , I will seek to demonstrate that the war against the Soviet Union launched in June 1941 , and the “ Final Solution ” that arose from it , were the outcome of the program of the Nazis to resolve this crisis in the interests of German imperialism .
Let us turn to the question of how the Nazis came to power in the first place .
January 30 , 1933 , the day Hitler was installed as chancellor by President Hindenburg , was not the culmination of a “ struggle for power ” by the Nazis .
They did not seize power on that day — it was handed to them by the head of the German state , acting on behalf of the German propertied elites , and within the framework of the German constitution .
As Professor Ian Kershaw has rightly commented , Hitler ’s own actions were “ only of secondary importance in bringing him to power . ”
His policy of holding out for the highest possible stakes — the chancellorship backed by the authoritarian powers lodged in the office of the president — and his refusal of any compromise , worked out in the end , but “ this was a consequence of the actions of others more than of Hitler himself . ” [ 4 ]
It would go well beyond the time we have available here to trace through all the twists and turns in the political crisis that led to the decision of January 30 , 1933 .
Volumes have been written on this subject .
Let me just indicate the main turning points .
In the five years following the conclusion of World War I and the overthrow of the Kaiser on November 9 , 1918 , Germany was wracked by a series of political crises and revolutionary struggles , culminating in the revolutionary situation that developed in the late summer and early autumn of 1923 .
But the situation dramatically changed , however , when the German Communist Party ( KPD ) , called off a planned insurrection in October 1923 .
The aborted revolution created the political conditions for a restabilisation of the German economy and its political system , largely through the inflow of loan capital from the United States .
But towards the end of the 1920s , this inflow started to dry up and , by 1928 - 29 , the German economy was entering a significant downturn .
As the recession deepened , the German industrial capitalist class grew increasingly hostile to the social concessions made to the working class under the Weimar Republic .
The crisis came to a head in March 1930 , when a coalition government comprising the Social Democrats ( SPD ) and the major bourgeois parties collapsed over a dispute involving the financing of unemployment benefits .
The elections of September 1930 saw a vast change in the German political landscape .
The SPD vote fell by 6 percent , while that of the KPD rose by 40 percent , indicating a shift to the left in the working class .
But the most significant result was the huge increase in the Nazi vote .
It rose by 700 percent , taking the party from the ninth largest to the second largest in the country .
The Nazis went from holding just 12 seats in the Reichstag to more than 100 .
Analysing the election result , Leon Trotsky warned that the coming to power of fascism in Germany was now a real danger .
This danger , he insisted , could only be overcome through a complete reorientation of the KPD .
It was necessary to overturn the policy of “ social fascism ” , adopted at the Sixth Congress of the Stalinist - led Communist International in 1928 .
Under this policy , the KPD denounced the SPD and its members , comprising large sections of the industrial working class , as “ social fascists ” , and opposed the formation of a united front of workers ’ organisations to defeat the Nazi threat .
In fighting for the “ united front ” , Trotsky insisted that it did not mean supporting the Weimar Republic or the leaders of the SPD and other parties as the so - called “ lesser evil ” , but defending , through definite practical measures , the historic gains of the working class .
“ Fascism , ” Trotsky explained , “ is not merely a system of reprisals , of brutal force , and of police terror .
Fascism is a particular governmental system based on the uprooting of all elements of proletarian democracy within bourgeois society .
The task of fascism lies not only in destroying the Communist vanguard but in holding the entire class in a state of forced disunity .
To this end the physical annihilation of the most revolutionary section of the workers does not suffice .
It is also necessary to smash all independent and voluntary organizations , to demolish all the defensive bulwarks of the proletariat , and to uproot whatever has been achieved during three - quarters of a century by the Social Democracy and the trade unions .
For , in the last analysis , the Communist Party also bases itself on these achievements . ” [ 5 ]
Following the September 1930 Reichstag elections , parliamentary rule virtually came to an end .
The government of Chancellor Brüning , a member of the Catholic - based Centre Party , ruled by means of a series of decrees backed by President Hindenburg .
Brüning ’s government was kept in office through the “ toleration ” of the SPD , on the grounds that a new election would strengthen the position of the Nazis .
If the Nazis were in any way able to gain such electoral strength , however , this itself was a product of the SPD ’s determination to keep the working class confined to the boundaries of legalism and parliamentarism , and block the development of any revolutionary struggle .
The situation was inherently unstable .
The Brüning regime rested on the support of the SPD and trade union bureaucracy , which in turn depended on the sullen and half - hearted support of the working class .
But , as Trotsky noted , this system was increasingly unsatisfactory for the dominant sections of the German capitalist class .
It was a halfway measure .
The problem was that while the working class was suppressed by the social democratic and trade union bureaucracy , the workers ’ organisations continued to exist , remaining a potentially powerful threat in the political situation .
That threat had to be removed through the destruction of these organisations .
The crisis steadily intensified throughout 1932 , the deepest point of the Great Depression .
Up to 30 percent of the workforce was unemployed and a series of banks collapsed .
The Brüning government fell in May and Hindenburg turned to the Prussian aristocrat Franz von Papen to form a government “ above the parties ” .
New elections were held at the end of July 1932 .
The Nazis won 37.4 percent of the vote while the SPD and KPD won over 36 percent between them .
But , even though the Nazis were the largest single party in the Reichstag , Hindenburg rejected Hitler ’s demand that he be installed as chancellor with full powers .
Instead , Hindenburg again appointed von Papen .
When the new Reichstag was convened on September 21 , the Papen regime was censured in a vote of 513 to 32 .
The Reichstag was dissolved again and new elections were held on November 6 .
This time the Nazi vote fell by 2 million and the vote of the KPD increased .
The next weeks were marked by a series of manoeuvres that culminated in Hitler being brought to power on January 30 , 1933 .
The most powerful sections of the bourgeoisie were united on the need to dispense with Weimar democracy and crush the organised working class .
However , Hindenburg had refused to install Hitler , because of concerns in the bourgeoisie and the landed elites about handing power to the Nazis — a gang of upstarts and semi-criminal types from the lower orders of society .
But , by the end of 1932 , it was becoming increasingly apparent that the possible inconveniences of a Nazi regime were being vastly outweighed by the dangers of allowing the political crisis to continue .
For the German bourgeoisie , with the events of 1917 - 1923 still fresh , social revolution was an ever - present threat , notwithstanding the subservience of the SPD and the political bankruptcy of the KPD .
Paradoxically , one of the factors motivating the decision to place Hitler in power was the significant decline in the Nazi vote at the November elections and the growing signs of crisis within the party .
If the petty - bourgeois and peasant masses , who had swung behind the Nazis over the previous two years now began to move away , where would they go ?
Perhaps towards the KPD .
Furthermore , there were signs of an economic recovery , sparking fears that this would bring a revival of workers ’ struggles ; the Berlin transport workers ’ strike of November 1932 was a warning .
Under these conditions , the decision was taken to hand power to the Nazis — to “ hire ” them in the words of von Papen — with a mandate to end the political crisis and establish the kind of regime necessary to meet the demands of German capital and crush the working class .
Throughout the political crisis , the Stalinised KPD and the Comintern in Moscow continued their opposition to the tactic of the united front — that is , to embark on a struggle to win the masses of workers still trapped within the ranks of Social Democracy and bring them towards the KPD , mobilise the independent strength of the working class and so break - up the mass base of the Nazi Party .
Political strategy was replaced by bureaucratic ultimatums and empty slogans : “ social fascism ” , the “ united front from below ” , “ after Hitler our turn ” and support for the Nazi-led referendum to try to oust the Social Democratic government of Prussia .
As a result , the most powerful , politically developed socialist workers ’ movement ever seen , was defeated — the greatest defeat of the working class in history .
One of the most controversial questions surrounding the role of the Nazi Party has been its relationship to German big business .
In his book German Big Business and the Rise of Hitler , the American historian Henry Ashby Turner goes to considerable lengths to demonstrate that finance from big business was not decisive in the rise and growth of the Nazi Party .
Be that as it may , Turner ’s own work demonstrates that German big business was deeply hostile to the Weimar Republic and parliamentary democracy , and that it worked for the establishment of an authoritarian regime to crush the working class .
When the installation of the Nazis became the only viable option for securing such a regime , big business mobilised its support , providing large amounts of money to the Nazi Party in the March 5 , 1933 general election in support of Hitler ’s commitment that , whatever the outcome , he would end the Weimar system and eradicate Marxism .
When I was a student in the 1960s , it was widely understood that the coming to power of fascist regimes was a direct response by the capitalist class to the dangers posed by the mass socialist workers ’ movement , the most powerful of which had existed in Germany .
During the past 25 years or so this understanding has come under sustained attack .
An article published at the end of 2005 by the British historian Michael Burleigh in the right - wing Weekly Standard noted : “ When I started teaching the history of modern Germany 20 years ago , it was still obligatory to devote considerable attention to Marxisant attempts to pin the blame for fascism on this or that element of big business .
Much of the literature was by scholars of a leftist disposition , while classes on fascism tended to attract a disproportionate number of students from the radical fringes .
Things have moved on since then , it being more common nowadays to discuss Nazism as a species of a ‘ racial state ’ , or even of being a surrogate religion … ” [ 6 ]
In his own book The Third Reich : A New History , published in 2001 , Burleigh claimed that the “ school of wishful thinking about the relationship between capitalism and fascism ” had been comprehensively demolished by Turner . [ 7 ]
According to Burleigh , Nazism was a kind of “ political religion ” and its rise to power and the crimes it committed could not be connected to capitalism .
But the question of the relationship between the Nazi movement and big business is far from exhausted simply by the level of funding .
The Marxist movement has never maintained that behind the Nazi Party there was some kind of secret cabal of big business leaders pulling the strings .
That does not mean , however , that the conceptions and ideology of the Nazi movement were unrelated to the deepest needs and interests of German imperialism .
In turning to the ideology of the Nazi movement and its relationship to German imperialism , let us begin with Hitler ’s own explanation of his anti-Semitism .
While he sometimes used religious images and references in the course of his campaigns , Hitler ’s hostility to the Jews was not grounded on the teachings of the Christian churches .
It was rooted in the racialist doctrines , developed in the latter part of the nineteenth century , in order to try to counter the growth of mass socialist movements based on the working class .
Anti-Semitism was seen as a means of mobilising the petty - bourgeois and peasant masses to suppress the proletariat and subordinate it to the needs of the nation .
And that program was most definitely in the interests of German big business and the landed elites .
In Mein Kampf , written while he was in jail for his attempted Munich putsch in October 1923 — a very comfortable incarceration one should note —
Hitler explained how his hatred of the Jews was bound up with his hatred of Marxism .
After struggling to come to grips with the Jewish question in pre-war Vienna , he wrote , the scales dropped from his eyes “ when I recognized the Jew as the leader of the Social Democracy . ”
“ As I delved more deeply into the teachings of Marxism … Fate itself gave me its answer .
The Jewish doctrine of Marxism rejects the aristocratic principle of Nature and replaces the eternal privilege of power and strength by the mass of numbers and their dead weight .
Thus it denies the value of personality in man , contests the significance of nationality and race , and thereby withdraws from humanity the premise of its existence and its culture . ” [ 8 ]
As the journalist Konrad Heiden noted in his biography of Hitler , the labour movement did not repel him because it was led by Jews , rather the Jews repelled him because they led the labour movement .
It was the socialist Karl Marx who had kindled Hitler ’s anti-Semitism . [ 9 ]
The Nazi doctrine of the “ racial state ” was not created by Adolf Hitler .
It drew upon a series of racialist theories developed within right - wing academic and political circles in the latter part of the nineteenth century and in the first decade of the 20th .
The doctrines of racial inferiority , the necessity for ethnic cleansing , and the struggle to remove or exterminate “ degenerate ” peoples , which were to provide the ideological basis of the Holocaust , were by no means confined to Germany or Europe .
They were discussed in some of the leading institutions in the United States , including its Ivy League universities .
To illustrate this point , let me cite some passages from a book by a highly respected author , Lothrop Stoddard , published in 1922 , entitled The Revolt Against Civilization : The Rise of the Under Man. Stoddard was a PhD from Harvard whose work was praised by two American presidents , Warren Harding and Herbert Hoover .
It was so widely known that it is mentioned in The Great Gatsby .
The use of the term Under - Man is significant .
One of the words most closely associated with Nazi doctrine is Untermensch .
It is most usually translated as “ sub - human ” , but the literal translation is “ under- man ” .
In his books — another title to his name is The Rising Tide of Color Against White World - Supremacy — Stoddard was dealing with issues much under discussion at the time , including the threat posed by the lower , coloured , races and the role of eugenics in improving racial stock .
While these questions had been under consideration for a considerable period , in the world of the 1920s a new factor had emerged : the Russian Revolution of 1917 and the emergence of Bolshevism as the greatest danger to civilisation .
Stoddard was a vicious opponent of equality .
Inequality , he wrote , was based in nature .
Civilisation was only possible for certain races .
Not only that , the presence within society of races not capable of achieving civilisation was a threat to society itself .
Linked to these conceptions was the so - called science of eugenics or “ race betterment ” , which had far - reaching implications for social organisation .
According to Stoddard : “ The multiplication of superiors is a process of race building ; the elimination of inferiors is a process of race cleansing .
…
Race cleansing is the obvious starting point for race betterment . ”
Race betterment was bound up with the concept of degeneracy .
“ Degeneracy is … a cancerous blight , constantly spreading , tainting and spoiling sound stocks , destroying race values , and increasing social burdens .
In fact , degeneracy not only handicaps society but threatens its very existence . …
We … see that our social ills are largely the product of degeneracy , and that the elimination of the degenerate would do more than anything else to solve them .
But degeneracy can be eliminated only by eliminating the degenerate .
And this is a racial not a social matter .
…
Unfit individuals as well as unjust social conditions must be eliminated . ” [ 10 ]
The Under - Man was an enemy of civilisation because nature herself had deemed he could not attain it .
But now the Under - Man , the opponent of progress and civilisation , had acquired a champion .
“ The significance of Syndicalism and its outgrowth Bolshevism can hardly be overestimated .
It is no exaggeration to say that it is the most terrible social phenomenon that the world has ever seen .
In Syndicalism we have for the first time in history a full - fledged philosophy of the Under - Man — the prologue of that vast revolt against civilization which , with Russian Bolshevism has actually begun . …
This philosophy of the Under - Man is today called Bolshevism . ” [ 11 ]
Bolshevism was the arch - enemy of civilisation and race , it threatened to “ degrade every fiber of our being ” and ultimately “ hurl a barbarized , racially impoverished world into the most debased and hopeless of mongrelizations . ”
Therefore , Bolshevism had to be crushed “ no matter what the cost . ”
And , like many others , including Winston Churchill , Stoddard noted the important role played by Jews in all social revolutionary movements , “ from the time of Marx and Engels down to the largely Jewish Bolshevist regime in Soviet Russia today . ” [ 12 ]
All the key elements of the racial biology of the Nazis and its murderous implications are present here .
Other key components of the Nazi program , those specifically referring to the German situation , had been developed in right - wing circles over the preceding three decades .
In 1901 , the term Lebensraum , or living space , which was to occupy such a central place in Nazi ideology , was coined by the writer Friedrich Ratzel .
He maintained that the development of a people was conditioned by its capacity to expand , and that a healthy people had to have room to grow and develop .
According to Ratzel , it was necessary for Germany , in the interests of racial health , to have colonies , like the other colonial powers , France and Britain .
While Ratzel wrote of the need for colonies , others turned to the continent of Europe as the space for expansion .
The problem with trying to acquire colonies was that Germany continually ran up against its rivals .
Instead of overseas colonies , sections of the military , imbued with the racialist outlook so prevalent in ruling circles , looked closer to home .
In a book published in 1912 , General Friedrich Bernhardi insisted that war was a “ biological necessity ” for without war “ inferior or decaying races would easily choke the growth of healthy budding elements , and a universal decadence would follow . ” [ 13 ]
As the historian Fritz Fischer discovered in the 1960s — amid furious opposition from the German academic history establishment — the German military had drawn up a plan in September 1914 for the acquisition of large swathes of territory in Europe , including in the East .
The “ Fischer thesis ” sparked intense controversy because it established the essential continuity between the foreign policy aims of Imperial Germany in World War I and those of the Nazi regime .
In Mein Kampf , Hitler linked together the doctrines of race , anti-Semitism , Lebensraum and the struggle against Bolshevism .
Russian Bolshevism , he insisted , had to be regarded as Jewry ’s attempt to achieve world rule in the twentieth century .
The struggle against Jewish world - bolshevisation therefore required a clear attitude toward Soviet Russia .
And this was itself bound up with the expansion of the German Reich — the drive for Lebensraum .
The nation had to be strengthened , not through overseas colonisation , but by the acquisition of territory that “ will enhance the area of the mother country . ”
Drawing these themes together in his discussion of “ eastern policy ” Hitler wrote : “ We stop the endless German movement to the south and west , and turn our gaze towards land in the east …
If we speak of soil in Europe today , we can primarily have in mind only Russia and her vassal border states . ”
Because Soviet Russia was led by Jews , Germany had the right to conquer it : “ For centuries Russia drew nourishment from this Germanic nucleus of its upper leading strata .
Today it can be regarded as almost totally exterminated and extinguished .
It has been replaced by the Jew .
Impossible as it is for the Russian by himself to shake off the yoke of the Jew by his own resources , it is equally impossible for the Jew to maintain the mighty empire forever .
He himself is no element of organization , but a ferment of decomposition .
The Persian empire in the east is ripe for collapse .
And the end of Jewish rule in Russia will also be the end of Russia as a state .
We have been chosen by Fate as witness of a catastrophe which will be the mightiest confirmation of the soundness of national racial theory . ” [ 14 ]
Lest anyone think that these conceptions of conquest and colonisation were just the outcome of the ravings of Hitler , let us point out that they were firmly grounded in very contemporary events .
When World War I ended in November 1918 there were no foreign troops on German soil and the Reich held vast areas of the Ukraine , along with parts of Russia .
The starting point for Hitler ’s perspective of an empire based on conquest in the East was the territory that had been seized by Germany under the terms of the Treaty of Brest - Litovsk , which the Soviet government had been forced to sign on March 3 , 1918 .
The extent of land seized by Germany can be seen on the map below .
Hitler ’s conceptions of empire and Lebensraum were further concretised in his unpublished Second Book written in 1928 .
Here we find his examination of the implications of the second great change in the post - World War I world — the rise to economic dominance of the United States .
In 1914 , the US had still been a debtor nation .
A decade later it had become the world ’s chief financial power .
In his Second Book , Hitler reviews the need for Lebensraum in the context of the global economic dominance of the United States and the pressure this placed on Europe .
European conceptions of the standard of living were now being determined , not only by its own economic possibilities , but also by what prevailed in the United States .
There was , however , a major difference .
The US economy rested on a much larger internal market .
The prospects for the German people within the existing order were bleak , Hitler wrote , because even if the borders of 1914 were restored — the demand of all the right - wing movements based in the German military and propertied elites — this would not be sufficient to ensure a living standard comparable to that of America .
Germany would be driven into the struggle for world markets as she had been in 1914 .
German acquisition of increased export markets through competition was not a viable road to prosperity , Hitler insisted , because , quite apart from the fact that all the European powers were striving to do likewise , America was now , in many areas , the stiffest competitor .
“ The size and wealth of its internal market , ” Hitler wrote , “ permits production levels and thus production facilities that decrease the cost of the product to such a degree that , despite the enormous wages , underselling no longer seems at all possible .
The development of the automotive industry can serve as a cautionary example here .
It is not only that we Germans , for example , despite our ludicrous wages , are not in a position to export successfully against the American competition even to a small degree ; we must watch how American vehicles are proliferating even in our own country .
This is only possible because of the size of the internal American market and its wealth of buying power and also , again , raw materials guarantee the American automobile industry internal sales figures that alone permit production methods that would simply be impossible in Europe due to lack of internal sales opportunities . ” [ 15 ]
In other words , as the historian Adam Tooze has noted , Fordism — at that point the highest development of labour productivity and therefore of capitalist profitability — required Lebensraum .
The previously developed racial doctrines were now integrated into a perspective that saw the key task as developing the economic capacity of Germany , and Europe as a whole , to challenge the dominance of the United States .
The answer lay not in some kind of pan-European movement — that was , Hitler insisted , a puerile Jewish conception .
European unification had to be carried out on the basis of a struggle waged by the strongest state , in the way that Rome had conquered the Latin states and Prussia had forged the German Reich .
“ In the future , ” Hitler wrote , “ the only state that will be able to stand up to North America will be the state that has understood how — through the character of its internal life as well as through the substance of its external policy — to raise the racial value of its people and to bring it into the most practical national form for this purpose . …
It is … the duty of the National Socialist movement to strengthen and prepare our own fatherland to the greatest degree possible for this task . ” [ 16 ]
When Hitler wrote these lines in 1928 they may have appeared somewhat remote from the policies of the German ruling class … on the extreme right wing fringe .
The policy of Gustav Stresemann , the leading bourgeois politician in the Weimar Republic , was to seek the restoration of Germany ’s position as a European and world power through participation in the world market under the political and economic auspices of the United States .
But the situation was about to change dramatically .
The year 1928 was to be the last of the short - lived post - war expansion .
In the space of just two years the world market virtually disintegrated .
Capital flows ceased , tariffs were erected and the bourgeoisie of every country turned increasingly to nationalist solutions .
By the beginning of the 1930s , the two key doctrines of the Nazi movement — the need to purge Germany of Marxism and the pursuit of a nationalist economic program based on Lebensraum — were meeting up with the political orientation of growing sections of the German ruling elites .
As Adam Tooze has noted : “ The originality of National Socialism was that , rather than meekly accepting a place for Germany within a global economic order dominated by the affluent English - speaking countries , Hitler sought to mobilise the pent - up frustrations of his population to mount an epic challenge to this order .
Repeating what Europeans had done across the globe over the previous three centuries , Germany would carve out its own imperial hinterland ; by one last land grab in the East it would create the self - sufficient basis for both domestic affluence and the platform necessary to prevail in the coming superpower competition with the United States . ” [ 17 ]
Writing just five months after the installation of Hitler , Trotsky charted the course of the Nazi regime .
The Nazis had come to power through their ability to mobilise the enraged and disoriented petty - bourgeoisie .
The old parties of the bourgeoisie had collapsed but the parties of the working class could provide no way out of the crisis of capitalist society .
The Social Democracy had committed itself to the defence of the bourgeois order and parliamentarism against socialist revolution , while the Communist Party had summoned the masses to revolution , but had been completely unable to carry it out .
Under these conditions , the Nazis were able to turn the illusions and delusions of the petty - bourgeoisie into a political program and come to power .
But once in power , Trotsky wrote , Hitler ’s tasks were determined by the interests of monopoly capital : “ The compulsory concentration of all forces and resources of the people in the interests of imperialism — the true historic meaning of the fascist dictatorship — means preparation for war ; and this task , in its turn brooks no internal resistance and leads to a further mechanical concentration of power . ” [ 18 ]
Fascism could not be reformed or retired from service , it would only be overthrown by war or revolution .
In a later postscript Trotsky noted that the date of a new European catastrophe would be determined by the time necessary for the rearming of Germany .
That was not a question of months , but neither was it a question of decades .
In a few years Europe faced the prospect of again being plunged into war .
The unprecedented character of the Nazi regime has led to the assertion , repeated over and over again , that to somehow characterise it , as Trotsky did , as a regime of monopoly capital , is nothing but an example of Marxist “ crudity ” .
Rather , it is argued , it was the Nazi regime that dictated its policy agenda to big business , in accordance with its political and racialist goals .
This is a particularly politically convenient argument , because it means that monopoly capital cannot be held responsible for the horrors of the Hitler regime .
It , along with every other section of society , was subjected to the Nazi dictatorship .
Let me make clear from the outset : I am not suggesting that the leaders of big business somehow directly dictated the policy agenda of the Hitler regime .
No capitalist government operates in this way .
But , that being said , it was certainly a regime of monopoly capital .
We can perhaps understand more clearly the complexities involved if we turn to the situation in the United States at this time .
No one is in any doubt today that the administration of Franklin Roosevelt played an absolutely decisive role in defending American capitalism against socialist revolution in the 1930s .
As Roosevelt insisted — against his many detractors in leading bourgeois circles — there was no one more committed than he to the defence of capitalism .
Nevertheless , at the time , many claimed that the New Deal represented a new political economy that had somehow gone beyond capitalism .
Roosevelt was regularly denounced for his “ socialistic ” and “ communistic ” measures .
But whatever Roosevelt ’s conflicts with big business at certain points , his administration was , in the most profound sense , a regime of monopoly capital , just as was the Nazi regime in Germany .
All governments have a degree of relative independence from the monopolies , banks and big business that dominate the national economy .
But the nature of any regime is determined by the class interests it serves .
In the case of the Nazi state , facts and figures make the issue very clear .
For example , the share of profits in national income is estimated to have increased by 36 percent between 1933 and 1939 , while wages experienced a 5 percent drop .
Real wages fell by about 25 percent as independent unions were abolished , along with collective bargaining and the right to strike .
The wages for a skilled worker were around 81 pfennigs per hour in 1942 , compared to 95.5 pfennigs in 1929 .
The Nazi state defended capitalist property to the hilt , even reversing some of the nationalisation measures of previous governments .
The claim that the Nazi regime was not an instrument of monopoly capital is often coupled with the position that , under Nazi rule , the laws of capitalist economy no longer applied .
This was advanced in 1941 by a leading member of the Frankfurt School , Friedrich Pollock , in a highly influential essay entitled “ State Capitalism : Its Possibilities and Limitations ” .
Pollock based his analysis on the fact that the allocation of resources in the Nazi economy was increasingly determined not by the market but by directives from the state and its planning authorities .
With the end of the market “ the so - called economic laws disappear , ” he claimed .
Such a situation had far - reaching implications .
It meant that the Nazi regime was free of the contradictions that had erupted in the world capitalist system .
“ Economic problems in the old sense , ” Pollock wrote , “ no longer exist when the coordination of all economic activities is effected by conscious plan instead of by the natural laws of the market . ” [ 19 ]
Under the new economic order , the profit motive had been replaced by the power motive .
Pollock based his argument on the disappearance of the capitalist market as the central mechanism for the allocation of resources .
But that was not primarily a result of the actions of the Nazis .
Before they came to power , the world capitalist market had , to all intents and purposes , ceased to function .
Trade had been restricted by tariffs , special agreements and currency zones , while the flow of international capital had all but ceased .
The measures taken by the Nazis were developed in response to this situation and the crises , especially in the German balance of payments , that it produced .
Rather than politics replacing economics , the economic contradictions of German capitalism drove the political agenda of the Nazi regime , the essence of which was , in Trotsky ’s words , to concentrate all the resources of the people in the service of imperialism and to prepare for war .
The collapse of the world market meant that the dynamism of German capitalism could find no international outlet .
Neither could it be confined to the limited national economy of Germany itself .
It had to push outwards to re-organise the European economy .
But how ?
By military means .
By the second year of Hitler ’s government , military spending accounted for more than 50 percent of all government spending on goods and services .
By 1935 , the proportion had increased to 73 percent .
Between 1933 and 1935 the share of military spending in German national income increased from 1 percent to almost 10 percent — an increase never before witnessed in any capitalist state in peacetime . [ 20 ]
Pollock ’s thesis was an impressionistic response to the apparent economic stability that had resulted from the boost to the German economy provided by militarisation .
However this stability did not signify that the contradictions that had led to the Great Depression had been overcome .
On the contrary , they would erupt in new forms — this time in imperialist war .
Here it is necessary to delve , even if only briefly , into certain theoretical questions of political economy .
Military spending can provide a boost to a stagnant economy by lifting effective demand and employment .
But the driving force of the capitalist economy is neither the production of consumption goods nor the provision of employment .
It is the accumulation of surplus value — the source of the expansion of capital .
From this standpoint , military spending , while providing large profits for individual capitalists , involves the consumption of surplus value .
Investment in capital goods — raw materials , machinery and new technology etc. — is productive precisely because this capital is used to extract surplus value from the working class in the process of production .
Military spending does not produce capital goods .
It is the economic equivalent of the bourgeoisie ’s expenditure on luxury goods .
Whether it operates under conditions of free competition , monopoly price - fixing or state regulation , every capitalist economy is engaged in the accumulation of surplus value .
From the very formation of the unified German state in 1871 , the source of surplus value for German capital was the production of goods for sale on the world market .
This dependence on world economy was , and remains , a fundamental characteristic of German capital .
Today , for example , its exports comprise some 47 percent of GDP , a bigger proportion even than in China .
But in the 1930s the world market had collapsed .
The national economy was hauled out of the depths of Depression through military spending .
However that did not resolve the problem of capitalist accumulation — rather , it exacerbated that problem .
How and where were the resources to be obtained to ensure the continued accumulation of capital in Germany ?
Through military conquest .
This was the dynamic that led to war .
And war , above all the war in the East against the Soviet Union , created the conditions for the Holocaust .
Hitler directly referred to the economic imperative for war in a number of speeches .
It was the central theme of the monologue he delivered to military officers on November 5 , 1937 , recorded in the Hossbach Memorandum .
In a speech to armed forces ’ commanders days before the attack on Poland in September 1939 , he again referred to economic pressures .
It was , he said , easy for Germany to make decisions : “ We have nothing to lose ; we have everything to gain .
Because of our restrictions , our economic situation is such that we can only hold out for a few more years .
Göring can confirm this .
We have no other choice , we must act . ” [ 21 ]
The Nazis ’ invasion of Poland was followed by several months of “ phony war ” .
Then came the invasion of France , the expulsion of British forces at Dunkirk , and the capitulation of France in June 1940 .
A year later , on June 22 , 1941 , Hitler turned to the East to fulfil the goals for which his regime had been preparing — the conquest and colonisation of the Soviet Union .
Hitler made it clear that the war against the Soviet Union was different from that being waged against Britain and France .
Its aim was not simply the defeat of the Soviet armies , but the colonisation of Soviet territory and its complete economic and social reorganisation in line with the needs of the German state .
On September 17 , 1941 , when it appeared that the Soviet Union would soon fall , Hitler expounded on the aims of the invasion : “ The struggle for hegemony in the world is decided for Europe by the possession of Russian territory ; it makes Europe the place in the world most secure from blockade .
…
The Slavic peoples … are not destined for their own life .
…
The Russian territory is our India , and just as the English rule India with a handful of people , so will we govern this , our colonial territory .
We will supply the Ukrainians with headscarves , glass chains as jewelry , and whatever else colonial peoples like . ” [ 22 ]
On other occasions Hitler likened the conquest of the Soviet Union to the colonisation of the American West .
The Volga would be the equivalent of the Mississippi , the Slav population would be cleared like the native Americans had been and replaced with a “ superior ” population .
Europe — and not America — would be the land of unlimited opportunities .
The colonial theme was taken up by Nazi economics minister Walther Funk at a conference in Prague in December 1941 .
Delivering the keynote address , he explained : “ The old Continent is getting a new face , and it is turning that face to the East .
Economically , that means a turn away from the … overseas and colonial - oriented policy of Anglo - Saxon naval power .
The vast territories of the European East , rich in raw materials and not yet opened up for Europe , will be Europe ’s promising colonial land of the future . ” [ 23 ]
Rosa Luxemburg had pointed to the relationship between the colonial violence of all the imperialist powers and the horrors unleashed in Europe during World War I in her Junius pamphlet , published in 1915 .
“ The world war is a turning point .
For the first time , the ravening beasts set loose upon all quarters of the globe by capitalist Europe have broken into Europe itself .
A cry of horror went through the world when Belgium , that precious jewel of European civilization , and when the most august cultural monuments of northern France fell into shards under the impact of the blind forces of destruction .
This same ‘ civilized world ’ looked on passively as the same imperialism ordained the cruel destruction of ten thousand Herero tribesmen and filled the sands of the Kalahari with the mad shrieks and death rattles of men dying of thirst ; the ‘ civilized world ’ looked on as forty thousand men on the Putumayo River [ Columbia ] were tortured to death within ten years by a band of European captains of industry , while the rest of the people were made into cripples ; as in China where an age - old culture was put to the torch by European mercenaries , practised in all forms of cruelty , annihilation , and anarchy ; as Persia was strangled , powerless to resist the tightening noose of foreign domination ; as in Tripoli where fire and sword bowed the Arabs beneath the yoke of capitalism , destroyed their culture and habitations .
Only today has this ‘ civilized world ’ become aware that the bite of the imperialist beast brings death , that its very breath is infamy .
Only now has the civilized world recognized this , after the beast ’s ripping talons have clawed its own mother ’s lap , the bourgeois civilization of Europe itself . ” [ 24 ]
The attempted conquest of the Soviet Union was even more than a colonial war .
It was a social counter - revolution as well .
For Hitler , conquest and colonisation necessitated not only the overturn of the state established by the 1917 October Revolution , but the eradication of the social and intellectual forces — above all the “ Jew - Bolsheviks ” — that had led it and sustained the Soviet state .
The war in the East was , therefore , in every sense a Vernichtungskrieg — a war of destruction and extirpation .
This is the source of the Holocaust .
The orders given by Hitler and other Nazi leaders to the army and its accompanying special forces ( Einsatzgruppen ) made clear that simultaneous with the war , there was to be a murderous campaign against the Jews .
On March 3 , 1941 Hitler told Alfred Jodl , Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command , that the imminent military campaign was not simply a question of weapons , but a conflict of two worldviews : “ The Jewish - Bolshevik intelligentsia , the ‘ suppressor ’ of these peoples until now , must be removed . ”
Hitler outlined the tasks of the SS units : “ The intelligentsia put in by Stalin must be exterminated .
The controlling machinery of the Russian empire must be smashed .
In Great Russia force must be used in its most brutal form . ”
On March 30 , 1941 Hitler addressed a meeting of 200 military officers on the coming war .
Notes of the meeting read : “ Clash of two ideologies .
Crushing denunciation of Bolshevism , identified with asocial criminality .
Communism is an enormous danger for our future .
A communist is no comrade before or after the battle .
This is a war of destruction .
If we do not grasp this , we shall still beat the enemy , but 30 years later we shall again have to fight the communist foe .
We do not wage war to preserve the enemy … War against Russia .
Extermination of the Bolshevist Commissars and the communist intelligentsia . …
This will be a very different war from the war in the west .
In the east , harshness today means lenience in the future .
Commanders must make the sacrifice of overcoming their personal scruples . ”
A note at the end of this minute reads : “ Noon : All invited for lunch . ”
A document drafted in the top levels of the military on the kind of measures needed to pacify the conquered territory stated : “ In this connection it must be established that beyond the usual military resistance this time the troops will encounter , as an especially dangerous element from the civilian population disruptive of all order , the carriers of the Jewish - Bolshevik worldview .
There is no doubt that wherever he can , he will use his weapon of disintegration deviously and from behind against the German military engaged in battle or pacifying the land .
The troops therefore have the right and obligation to secure themselves fully and effectively against these disintegrative powers . ”
The opening section of the instructions on guidelines for the behaviour of German troops stated : “ Bolshevism is the deadly enemy of the national socialist German people .
This disintegrative worldview and its carriers must be combated by Germany .
This struggle demands ruthless and energetic measures against bolshevist agitators , guerrillas , saboteurs , Jews , and complete elimination of any active or passive resistance . ” [ 25 ]
What this meant in practice was demonstrated at Babi Yar , a ravine just outside the Ukrainian capital , Kiev , on September 29 - 30 , 1941 , when 33,771 Jews were shot to death following a guerrilla attack on German troops .
By the end of 1941 up to 800,000 Jews — men , women and children — had been murdered in the drive to the East , an average of around 4,200 per day .
Whole areas were reported to be “ free of Jews ” .
At the same time , Soviet prisoners of war were dying at the rate of 6,000 per day .
By the spring of 1942 , of the 3.5 million soldiers taken prisoner by the Wehrmacht , more than 2 million had died .
As the year 1941 drew to a close , these murderous operations entered a new stage .
Preparations began for the mass killing of Jews by gassing in concentration camps .
Sometime between the invasion of the Soviet Union and the end of the year — the exact time is still the subject of considerable debate — the decision was made that the “ Final Solution ” of the Jewish question would be achieved through mass murder .
Previously , a plan to send Jews to the island of Madagascar had been considered , but that was now ruled out with the Nazis ’ failure to defeat Britain and thereby secure naval supremacy .
Another plan was to deport Jews to east of the Urals , into Siberia .
But the Soviet Union still had not been conquered .
These plans envisaged considerable loss of life .
But a plan for the organised mass murder of all Jews living in Nazi - controlled Europe had not yet been put in place .
By the time of the infamous Wannsee conference of January 20 , 1942 , however , the decision had been made .
It was not taken at Wannsee .
The conference was convened and chaired by Reinhard Heydrich , the chief of the Reich Main Security Office , which had oversight over the Gestapo and other security and police agencies .
The purpose of the conference was to inform the German state bureaucracy of a decision that had already been taken and to settle the definition of who was to be classified as a Jew .
The mass murder plan was put into effect and it continued until the last days of the war .
The death toll still defies comprehension : Auschwitz 1.4 million , Belzec 600,000 , Chelmno 320,000 , Jasenovac 600,000 , Majdanek 380,000 , Maly Trotinets 65,000 , Sobibor 250,000 , Treblinka 870,000 .
Altogether , some six million Jews were killed , approximately two - thirds of the Jewish population in Europe . [ 26 ]
We have insisted that the origins of this mass murder lie in the economic contradictions of German imperialism and world capitalism as a whole .
But immediately one hears objections .
How is a Marxist interpretation of the Holocaust possible when obviously Nazi ideology , not economic forces , played the key role ?
What possible economic motivation could there have been in using much needed transport and other resources to shift Jews hundreds of kilometres to be killed ?
And surely it would have been much more advantageous , both from an economic and a military standpoint , to have exploited the labour of the Jews .
According to these objections , the racist ideology of the Nazis was the driving force of the system of mass murder , to which everything else , including economics , was subordinated .
Let us begin by noting that we cannot simply accept the racist ideology of the Nazis as fixed and given .
It must itself be explained .
The biological racism of the Nazis provided the ideological framework for the mass murder of the Jews , which was regarded as a “ cleansing ” and strengthening of civilisation itself .
But where did this ideology come from ?
It did not simply spring from the fevered mind of Hitler .
Biological racism was a key component of the ideology of the ruling capitalist elites of Europe and the US in their drive to colonise .
In 1919 all the leaders of the so - called democratic powers agreed to strike out from the Versailles Treaty a clause that recognised racial equality .
The biological racism of Hitler and his cohorts was only the most extreme version of an ideology that had developed in the nineteenth century as the major capitalist powers set about constructing their colonial empires — a project in which economic interests most decidedly played a crucial role .
One of the most frequently employed caricatures of Marxism is the claim that it argues that ideology is just a cover for the real economic motivations of social actors .
Accordingly , Marxism is “ disproved ” by the discovery that individuals act , not according to economic motives but on the basis of powerful ideologies .
For example , the right - wing British historian Niall Ferguson maintains that since no business interests on either side of the conflict desired World War I — it served the immediate economic interests of neither — its origins cannot be said to lie within the capitalist economic system .
It should be noted , in this regard , that no business or financial interests want recession either .
But recessions nevertheless occur , and they arise from the contradictions of the capitalist economy .
Marxism does not deny that historical actors are motivated and driven into action by their ideological conceptions , and it does not claim that these ideologies are simply a rationalisation for the real economic motivations .
However , it does insist that it is necessary to examine the motives behind the motives — the real , underlying , driving forces of the historical process — and to make clear the social interests served by a given ideology — a relationship that may or may not be consciously grasped by the individual involved .
The mass murder of the Jews was carried out by the Nazis on the basis of a racialist ideology that saw the “ Jew - Bolshevik ” as the chief threat to the stability of the racial community , the Volksgemeinschaft , that the Nazis were seeking to construct .
The survival and prosperity of the German race , indeed of European civilisation itself , they insisted , depended on two things : eradicating judeobolshevism and acquiring Lebensraum .
These two ideological conceptions came together with explosive force in the war of conquest in the East .
The Nazi regime ’s outlook was summed up in a statement by Paul Karl Schmidt , the press chief of the German Foreign Office , in 1943 : “ The Jewish question is no question of humanity and no question of religion , but a question of political hygiene .
Jewry is to be combated wherever it is found , because it is a political infectant , the ferment of disintegration and death of every national organism . ” [ 27 ]
The war aims of Nazi Germany were to create in Central and Eastern Europe a great colonial empire based on the domination of the Aryan race .
The stability of this regime required the removal of the Jews , who threatened it by their very anti-national existence and their affinity to Bolshevism , and whose very presence fuelled the opposition of “ inferior races ” .
If the Jews could not be physically removed they had to be exterminated .
In the afterword to his book If This is a Man , Auschwitz survivor , Primo Levi , writes that reductive explanations of the Holocaust fail to satisfy him because they are not proportionate to the facts : “ I cannot avoid the impression of a general uncontrolled madness that seems to me unique in history . ”
Levi adds , however , that while he considers it impossible to understand the Nazi poison “ we can and must understand from where it springs . ” [ 28 ]
Levi ’s comments strike a chord .
How can one “ understand ” a program of mass murder that continued to take Jews from all parts of Nazi- occupied Europe , in order to kill them , right to the very last days of the war , when the Nazis had no prospect of victory ?
But consider another historical situation .
Can we “ understand ” the orders of World War I commanding officers to send young men , boys many of them , continually “ over the top ” , knowing that they would be mown down by murderous machine - gun fire without any possibility of making an advance .
It may be impossible to “ understand ” such decisions , but we certainly know their source — the war for profit and imperial conquest that erupted on August 4 , 1914 .
Likewise we know and can understand the source of the Nazi movement and its program of extermination .
It served the interests of the German bourgeoisie on two fronts : the destruction of the German workers ’ movement , the largest , most powerful and politically - developed workers ’ movement the world had ever seen ; and the rehabilitation of German imperialism after World War I in order to pursue its project , started in World War I , of an empire in the East .
No one , I venture to suggest , would be so foolish or ideologically blind as to suggest that this program was not rooted in the economic interests of German capital .
It may well be argued that the economic interests of German capitalism did not require the mass murder of the Jews .
But the position of the German ruling elites cannot be considered outside of history — outside of time and space .
Historical developments meant that German imperialism had to turn to the Nazi movement as the organiser and national leader of its program .
And the Nazi movement , so necessary to German imperialism , in turn was based on a racialist program that led to the mass murder of European Jewry .
Replying to critics of his theory of historical materialism , Marx noted that while they granted that it applied to present - day ( nineteenth century ) society , where material interests were preponderant , it was not true for the Middle Ages , dominated by Roman Catholicism , or Athens or Rome , which were dominated by politics .
That was all very well , Marx replied , pointing out that he , too , was well aware of the nature of the Middle Ages and of Athens and Rome , but the fact remained that society in the Middle Ages could not live on Catholicism , any more than Athens and Rome could live on politics .
“ On the contrary , ” he wrote , “ it is the manner in which they gained their livelihood which explains why in one case politics , in the other case Catholicism , played the chief part . ” [ 29 ]
Let us extend this analysis to examine the question of anti-Semitism and the class interests that it serves .
In feudal society , the Jews presented a significant problem for Catholic theology , and Christian theology in general .
They were not pagans .
They had heard the word of God , but they had rejected Jesus Christ .
However , they were the root from which Christianity had developed .
Theologically , therefore , they constituted a threat to the teachings of Christianity .
They had to be separated out from the rest of society .
This separation was extremely important for feudal society .
The Jews had heard the teachings of Christ but had rejected them .
This living rejection was highly dangerous , because exploitation of the peasantry by the lords , the princes and the Church itself rested not just on force , but on the ideology supplied by Christianity , which maintained that class relations were ordained by God .
The Christian anti-Semites of this period were acting on the basis of ideology , theology , but their anti-Semitism performed a vital role in maintaining the class relations of feudal society and its particular mode of exploitation of the producers .
Now consider the Nazi regime .
It was dominated by conceptions of biological racism and nationalism that found their consummate expression in murderous anti-Semitism .
But German capitalism could not live on biological racism and anti-Semitism , any more than feudal society could live on Catholicism .
German capital could only live , expand , grow stronger , and defeat its competitors through the appropriation and accumulation of surplus value .
This required the destruction of the workers ’ movement and the construction of an empire .
The Nazi movement and its murderous program were the means to this end .
This is the political economy of the Holocaust .
Notes :
1. Robert Wistrich , Hitler and the Holocaust ( Modern Library 2003 ) , p. 6 . [ back ]
2. Max Horkheimer and Theodore W. Adorno , Dialectic of Enlightenment ( Continuum New York 1997 ) , p. xiii . [ back ]
3. Cited in David Walsh “ The Hurt Locker and the rehabilitation of the Iraq war : New York Times journalists weigh in ” . [ back ]
4. Ian Kershaw , Hitler Volume 1 , ( Penguin Harmondsworth ( 1998 ) , pp. 379-380 . [ back ]
5. Leon Trotsky , The Struggle Against Fascism in Germany ( Penguin Harmondsworth 1971 ) , pp. 112-113 . [ back ]
6. Michael Burleigh , Weekly Standard , December 26 , 2005 . [ back ]
7. Michael Burleigh , The Third Reich ( Pan Books London 2001 ) , p. 927 . [ back ]
8. Adolf Hitler , Mein Kampf Excerpts
http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Holocaust/kampf.html [ back ]
9. Konrad Heiden , Der Fuehrer , Volume 1 ( Victor Gollancz London 1944 ) , p. 59 . [ back ]
10 . Lothrop Stoddard , The Revolt Against Civilization : The Menace of the Under - Man ( Charles Scribner ’s Sons New York 1922 ) , pp. 245-246 . [ back ]
11 . Ibid. , pp. 162-163. [ back ]
12 . Ibid. , p. 152 . [ back ]
13 . Richard Evans , The Coming of the Third Reich ( Allen Lane London 2003 ) , p. 35 . [ back ]
14 . Adolf Hitler , Mein Kampf ( Houghton Mifflin Boston 1971 ) , p. 655 . [ back ]
15 . Hitler ’s Second Book , Gerhard L. Weinberg ed. ( Enigma Books New York 2003 ) , p. 107 . [ back ]
16 . Ibid. , p. 116 . [ back ]
17 . Adam Tooze , The Wages of Destruction ( Allen Lane London 2006 ) , p. xxiv . [ back ]
18 . Leon Trotsky , “ What is National Socialism ? ” in The Struggle Against Fascism in Germany ( Penguin Books Harmondsworth 1975 ) , p. 414 . [ back ]
19 . Friedrich Pollock “ State Capitalism : Its Possibilities and Limitations ” in The Essential Frankfurt School Reader , Andrew Arato and Eike Gebhardt eds. ( Continuum New York 1994 ) , p. 87 . [ back ]
20 . Adam Tooze , The Wages of Destruction ( Allen Lane London 2006 ) , pp. 62-65 . [ back ]
21 . Cited in Ian Kershaw , The Nazi Dictatorship ( Arnold London 2000 ) , pp. 61-62 [ back ]
22 . Cited in Jürgen Zimmerer , Colonialism and the Holocaust in Genocide and Settler Society , A. Dirk Moses ed. ( Berghahn Books New York 2005 ) , p. 49 . [ back ]
23 . Cited in David Furber , “ Near as Far in the Colonies : The Nazi Occupation of Poland ” in The International History Review Vol. 26 , No. 3 ( September 2004 ) , p. 541 . [ back ]
24 . Rosa Luxemburg , The Junius Pamphlet , http://www.marxists.org/archive/luxemburg/1915/junius/ch08.htm [ back ]
25 . Christopher R. Browning , The Origins of the Final Solution ( University of Nebraska Press Lincoln 2004 ) , pp. 216-223 . [ back ]
26 . See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Holocaust#Extermination_camps [ back ]
27 . Cited in Alex Callincos “ Marxism and the Holocaust ” in The Yale Journal of Criticism Vol. 14 , No. 2 , ( 2001 ) , p. 402 . [ back ]
28 . Primo Levi , If This is a Man ( Abacus London 1988 ) , pp. 395 , 396 . [ back ]
29 . Karl Marx , Capital Volume 1 , ( Penguin Harmondsworth 1976 ) , p. 176 . [ back ]
Monday , April 3 , 2006
Lawrence Lessig on Copyright
Lawrence Lessig is Professor of Law at Stanford Law School , the author of Free Culture , a monthly columnist at Wired since 2003 , blogger , and father of the Creative Commons movement .
He says for him there ’s “ too much travel , too much email , not enough time for reading or writing , ” but he found some time to answer my questions by email .
( Feel free to share . )
I got a feeling the world of copyright is in a big mess today .
What do you think is the single biggest problem ?
The problem is fear .
The copyright industry fears the internet , and they are exercising their ( considerable ) power to achieve control .
That effort is creating huge problems for a wholly creative and productive use of digital technology .
Current laws aside , what forms of copying / republishing / making derivative works do you think are clearly immoral or harmful to society – and which do you think are moral ?
I think , with important exceptions , breaking the law is immoral , even if the law itself should be changed .
So I think the law governing copyright should change , but I do n’t support p2 p file sharing under the current state of the law .
Can you give some of the “ important exceptions " ?
When you ’re willing to suffer the penalties as an act of civil disobedience .
Is DRM always evil ?
I do n’t think technology should enforce copyright , so I would always prefer no DRM to DRM .
But if there is DRM , it must permit fair us , and it must give authors the right to opt out of technological control .
Why should n’t technology enforce copyright ?
Because copyright was designed with a human enforcer in mind .
How does the human enforcer claim his copyright ?
Is n’t that tedious to do , hunting down copyright breakers when technology can do it automated ?
It is difficult .
But repressing speech should n’t be easy .
Do you think bloggers should have better tools to defend against splogs , automated spam blogs ?
Or do you too think here the human enforcer must do some work and hunt them down , and then contact the blog providers ?
Yes , and no .
I think there needs to be legislation and a bounty system to make it enforceable .
How would a DRM look like that would allow people to make “ fair use ” of the work ?
It would allow them to turn the DRM off , and use the work under an assertion that the use was fair .
Is it legal for me to break DRM ( e.g. with a software tool I download ) for “ fair use ” purposes ?
Not according to the DMCA , but it should be .
In your book Free Culture you ’re detailing the legal system in the US ( and its faults ) .
How much more complicated is the copyright law on a global perspective ?
Which laws apply in digital publishing anyway – is it the home - country of the server which is being published on ?
Copyright law is insanely complicated , everywhere .
And the law that US law thinks applies is the place where the activity occurs .
So if I download in the US work protected by US law but in the public domain in the country where the server is , the download is still a violation .
The Digital Millennium Copyright
Act , from what I understand , allows people to make hosting services , search engines and so on take down copyright - infringing material .
However I ’ve also heard that some hosting services take down content upon only the receipt of such a note – without verifying the claim .
Can you confirm this ?
When a site gets a notice and takedown , it can remove the material .
But if the person whose material has been removed challenges the removal , then the site must determine whether the takedown was justified .
So with DMCA take - downs , the material can be removed before the creator is asked ?
Yes , but the creator has a right to demand it be put up , and then the site must decide .
What do you think is the ideal term for works to stay copyrighted , and at what renewal rate ?
Are n’t the 50 years you talk about in Free Culture too long already ?
Certainly , but we need first steps to reasonableness .
What do you think of DVD country codes that do n’t allow me to play DVDs I ordered in the US on a typical German DVD player ( or PC ) ?
They are a clumsy tool of price discrimination , which can be good as well as bad .
I know many of the problems with region codes , but can you give an example of where society benefits from them ( or possibly , companies ) , as you mentioned ?
If they mean that the price can be lower in poorer regions , then it is good .
Where do you see Creative Commons now in terms of where you want it to be ?
CC is my child .
One is never settled about the life of one ’s child .
Many Creative Commons licenses allow non-commercial only republication , but I ’m often unsure where “ commercial ” starts .
For example , what if I have ads next to your Creative Commons - licensed book on my server to be able to cover my server costs ?
( And what if one day those ads make more money than just that ? )
It is an important problem .
We ’re in the process of clarifying , but it is a hard problem to clarify .
Who are your biggest enemies in the copyright war , and have you ever been threatened ?
There are no enemies , just people who do n’t yet understand .
And yes , I have been threatened , but by an ally , not an enemy .
Who was the ally that threatened you ?
He was the person I was intentionally vague in describing .
What was your biggest single achievement in the copyright wars ?
I ’ve not achieved anything significant .
If sharing is better for the music industry and its artists , why are n’t the RIAA simply allowing it more freely ... out of egoism ?
What is good for artists is not necessarily good for record companies .
I ’m playing devil ’s advocate here : why does creativity always mean to copy something ?
Ca n’t I be creative by being completely original ?
I ’d like to see you try .
Do you think a more fair copyright law will emerge and how do you think people can help the cause ?
Not yet , but if people pushed for it , yes .
What do you think of software patents ?
Government regulation of the creative process that does more harm than good .
What could be done to prevent rich people to threaten poor people others with ( copyright infringement ) law - suits ?
Aggressive judges who pushing abusers .
When you go shopping in Shanghai and other Chinese cities , there are lots of public shops which sell cheap , seemingly mass - manufactured copycat DVDs of Hollywood movies ( often these movies are just released to US cinemas ) .
If you take a guess why do you think the Chinese authorities do n’t fight this more strongly ?
And do you think it ’s a big problem for Hollywood ?
It hurts , not much , and certainly does n’t benefit the Chinese .
What is the purpose of a trademark ?
And why does Marvel seem to get away with putting a “ ™ ” after the word “ super heroes " ?
Trademarks are designed to avoid confusion – so you do n’t believe you ’re getting something from X when you are in fact getting something from Y .
But I do n’t underatand Marvel ’s claims .
Are you more of an Apple or Windows man ?
I use a Mac .
Are there any new books currently in the making next to the Wiki- revised edition of “ Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace “ ?
There are three – all secret .
What book are you currently reading ?
Play Between Worlds , by TL Taylor .
Which blogs do you read ?
Joi Ito’s , Boing Boing , Dave Winer’s .
Which person ( living or dead ) is your biggest inspiration ?
My son .
What do you urge people to do to make the ( copyright ) world a more fair place ?
Demand the regulators justify their control .
>>
More posts
Advertisement
