Russia added to the aura of goodwill surrounding Barack Obama 's presidency yesterday by declaring that it had abandoned plans to point cruise missiles at Europe from its enclave of Kaliningrad .
" The implementation of [ Moscow 's ] plans has been halted in connection with the fact that the new US administration is not rushing through plans to deploy [ missiles in Europe ] , " an official of the Russian military 's general staff was quoted as saying .
The breakthrough follows signs from the Obama administration that it is edging away from George Bush 's controversial proposal to site key bases for its anti-missile shield in Poland and the Czech Republic .
The shift in tone emerged during last week 's Senate confirmation hearing for the US Deputy Defence Secretary , William Lynn .
Mr Lynn deliberately backed away from the Bush administration 's plan to build a missile defence shield at the Polish air force base near the village of Redzikowo .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A Kremlin source played down the significance of the announcement , saying " it was always stated clearly that this would only be a response to the American missile defence system " .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos , shied away from his usual bellicose tone .
" Militarisation does not help solve problems , " he said .
" We are against spending more money on military efforts . "
Russia 's defence budget ballooned during Mr Putin 's reign as president but his current government is reeling from the global credit crisis and has to tighten its belt .
Nato described the news about the Kaliningrad missiles as a helpful gesture .
" The earlier Russian announcement that they were going to deploy missiles ... and point them at Nato allies was unwelcome , " said its spokesman James Appathurai .
" If that decision has now been rescinded , it is a good step . "
Nato wants to focus on winning the war against the Taliban and al - Qa'ida in Afghanistan and avoiding conflict with Iran , and does not want to be sidetracked by mounting tensions with Russia .
Mr Obama 's team may also wish to thaw the Bush freeze so that it can embrace Russia as a strategic partner .
Despite a lingering chill between the West and Russia over Moscow 's military adventures in Georgia last summer , the deepening conflict in Afghanistan is of more pressing concern .
The US has already asked Russia to allow Nato military supplies bound for Afghanistan to cross its territory , because supply convoys passing through Pakistan have come under increasing attack .
Dmitry Medvedev , Russia 's President , chose the morning of Mr Obama 's election victory in November to announce the deployment of missiles to Kaliningrad , a Russian enclave on the Baltic coast between Poland and Lithuania .
Originally a Prussian and then German town called Königsberg , it was destroyed during the Second World War and occupied by Soviet troops in 1945 .
Mr Medvedev 's apparent change of heart came two days after he spoke to Mr Obama for the first time .
Sources said the missile defence issue was not specifically raised during Monday 's chat but the pair did discuss how bilateral relations could be improved .
" The presidents agreed that , as they were both new leaders from a post - Cold War generation , they have a unique opportunity to establish a fundamentally different kind of relationship between the two countries , " the White House said in a statement .
The news that Russia will not site cruise missiles in Kaliningrad was shrugged off by some experts in Washington and Moscow , who noted there were no firm plans to move the weapons .
" We clearly said we would only do it as a response to American moves , " said Alexander Privalov , an editor at Expert magazine in Moscow .
" Getting rid of this silly scheme will please everyone and upset no one except a few people in Bush 's circle .
I am sure Obama is looking for a way out of it . "
In the past , Mr Bush had argued that a missile defence system was necessary to protect Europe and the US against potential attack by " rogue states " , such as Iran and North Korea .
( Fremantle W. A. )
On Monday , Dec. 22 , 2008 , on page 16 , the Western Australian newspaper ran a story about a new book , " Target Patten , " written by Robert Wilson , described as a military historian , which suggests that the Office of Strategic Services may have deliberately staged an automobile accident that critically injured General George S. Patton and that subsequently the Americans may have ignored a Russian assassination plot against the injured American general .
The article , datelined Washington D. C. , recounts the fact that the driver of the truck that hit the car carrying Patton was whisked out of the area and that no autopsy was performed .
The story provides the historic background for the death because many Americans were displeased with the famous American general because of his criticism of the Russians and the decision to let them be the ones to capture Berlin .
Two days after the article appeared , a search of Google - news provided several suggested links to other stories on the same topic , but they were for sources outside the United States .
Fact checking the details of this allegation while many miles away from the familiar surroundings of the Santa Monica Public Library is very difficult and so this columnist can only ask why is n't this story appearing in publications and on web sites operating inside the United States ?
Does n't the United States brag about freedom of the press and freedom of speech ?
Why then is n't this story being reported by the Huffington Post and / or the New York Times so that a Google - news search can prove that it is n't up to a bloging columnist in Australia to bring this newsworthy new book to the attention of an American web site 's audience ?
Could it be that the managing editors of the most influential newspapers have suffered a plague of simultaneous misjudgment or what ?
It should be obvious to most of this site 's regular readers why the conservative talk show hosts would ignore this interesting bit of history , but why are n't the newspapers trying extra hard to be vigilant after their disgraceful performance during the Bush years ?
The conservative talk show hosts always maintain that the lunatic left journalists in the United States never miss a chance to make America look bad .
If Bill O'Reilly 's assessment of American Journalism was accurate , would n't the New York Times and the Washington Post be all over this new book and putting reviews on the front pages ?
A blogger traveling in Australia can cover anything that catches his fancy .
He could choose to cover the automotive event called the Summer Nats ( http://www.summernats.com.au/) and his friends back in the States would know he was having a good time .
It 's doubtful that this car event will get coverage in the USA and there will be no outrage , but is it OK for American media to drop the ball on the possibility that the U. S. may have changed history by hushing up a dissatisfied American general ?
Readers of this column can urge American sources to investigate the possibility of a cover - up back in 1945 and they may or may not inspire some action and reaction in the media .
Bill O'Reilly will continue to criticize the New York Times and the stories it runs , but it seems very unlikely that he will plug this column and this website .
Do Americans who lost relatives in the late stages of WWII care about things like the possibility that General Patton may have been prevented from closing the Falaise Gap ?
All a columnist in Fremantle can do is bring up the topic and then perhaps go to South Beach to work on getting a better suntan .
( Does Jalopnik want photo coverage of an event in Australia ? )
The Western Australian quotes Charles Province , president of the George Patton Historical Society as saying " There were a lot of people who were pretty damn glad that Patton died . "
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
OTTAWA – Canada 's grim job market will continue into next year even though the economy should begin to bounce back this autumn , Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney says .
" 2009 will be a difficult year in the Canadian job market , " Carney told reporters today after releasing his latest assessment of Canada 's economy .
" People are going to lose their jobs .
The unemployment rate ( 6.6 per cent ) is going to rise .
And it 's going to take longer to find a job .
That is the unfortunate reality of a recession . "
Carney said the economy will begin to lift out of the current recession in the July - through - September period , but improvements in the job market will lag behind the overall recovery .
" There will still be a certain stress in the labour market " even after business conditions start improving , he said .
" For average Canadians , they 'll be seeing the effects of the recovery at the beginning of next year . "
But Carney said the central bank has recognized the worsening job picture and taken that into account in its efforts to lower its trend - setting overnight interest rate — now at 1 per cent — to rekindle economic growth .
Carney also said his forecast of a rebound in the economy later this year is partially based on expectations of a large economic stimulus package in next Tuesday 's federal budget .
" We do expect a substantial fiscal package in Canada , " he said .
While declining to specifically discuss what might be in the budget , he suggested the Bank 's forecast has factored in Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's pledge to boost the economy with a package of spending and tax incentives so large that it will push Ottawa 's budget deficit to the $ 30 - billion range this year .
In its latest Monetary Policy Report , the Bank said Canada has followed other major economies into a recession and Canada 's economy will contract until mid-2009 .
For the year as a whole , the economy will decline by 1.2 per cent .
But the economy will begin to recover in the second half of this year and will grow by an impressive 3.8 per cent in 2010 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Besides the expected stimulus packages from federal and provincial governments , the return to economic growth will be hastened by the recent depreciation of the loonie on exchange markets , global efforts to stabilize financial markets and the Bank of Canada 's efforts to spur economic activity through monetary policy .
The Bank cut its overnight rate to the current 1 per cent from 4.5 per cent in December , 2007 .
Read more about :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A passenger plane has completed a two - hour test flight partly powered by fuel derived from a tropical fruit .
Air New Zealand hailed the flight as a " milestone " in the development of sustainable fuels that could lower aeroplane emissions .
One engine of the Boeing 747-400 was fuelled by a 50 - 50 mixture of jatropha plant oil and standard A1 jet fuel .
A Virgin Atlantic test flight in February used fuel derived from a blend of Brazilian babassu nuts and coconuts .
In Auckland on Tuesday , a range of tests were completed both on the ground and during the flight , said Air New Zealand chief pilot David Morgan .
He said the oil from the plum - sized jatropha fruit performed " well through both the fuel system and engine " .
Air New Zealand chief executive Rob Fyfe said the completion of Tuesday 's flight was " a milestone for the airline and commercial aviation " .
The International Air Transport Association says it wants a 10th of aviation fuel to come from biofuels by 2017 .
Critics of biofuels are opposed to turning arable land over to the cultivation of biofuels at the expense of growing food .
However , the fruit from jatropha trees is toxic to humans and the plant can be grown in poor , marginal soils .
But questions have been raised about the plants ' suitability as a biofuel because harvesting the fruit is labour intensive and the quality of the yield can be inconsistent .
Tuesday 's flight was the first time the fuel had been used partly to power an aircraft , but the biodiesel has been used in cars and trains in Asia for a number of years .
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below . )
The startling case of an AIDS patient who underwent a bone marrow transplant to treat leukemia is stirring new hope that gene - therapy strategies on the far edges of AIDS research might someday cure the disease .
The patient , a 42 - year - old American living in Berlin , is still recovering from his leukemia therapy , but he appears to have won his battle with AIDS .
Doctors have not been able to detect the virus in his blood for more than 600 days , despite his having ceased all conventional AIDS medication .
Normally when a patient stops taking AIDS drugs , the virus stampedes through the body within weeks , or days .
" I was very surprised , " said the doctor , Gero Hütter .
The breakthrough appears to be that Dr. Hütter , a soft - spoken hematologist who is n't an AIDS specialist , deliberately replaced the patient 's bone marrow cells with those from a donor who has a naturally occurring genetic mutation that renders his cells immune to almost all strains of HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
Shen Nung
Tea Bag Patent
Tea Bag
RealiTEA Tea Bag
What is that monstrous concoction bobbing in your cup ?
If you 've just answered " it 's just a tea bag , " we need to talk .
In this installment of your favorite Tea Newsletter , I will tackle one of the most difficult problems facing modern tea : the popularity ( and inferiority ) of teabags .
Nowadays , tea bags make up about 95 % of all tea sales in the US .
These bags , however , usually contain the cheapest tea available , producing little more than a brown - colored liquid .
Does n't sound too appetizing , huh ?
With this as the popular standard , it 's not surprising that tea's popularity in the United States has faded .
Although a relatively new invention , it has now become the Camellia 's spokesperson .
But this low - quality product was not always the norm for tea .
When the first leaf fell in Shen Nung 's cup , did it have a labeled string attached ?
I think not .
For centuries , tea was enjoyed in a loose form , employing a variety of different methods to separate the leaves from the water .
There have been several ancient books recovered which provide detailed instructions and advice on how to best enjoy tea .
The most famous of these teachings ( apart from my soon - to - be released guide ) was written around 800 AD by Chinese philosopher Lu Yu , called the Ch'a Ching .
Surprisingly , there are no passages indicating that the tea should be " removed from the wrapper by pulling the string . "
The first tea bags were inadvertently made from hand - sewn silk muslin bags .
Thomas Sullivan , a tea and coffee merchant from New York City , tried to cut sampling costs by sending loose tea in small silk sacks ( instead of costly tins , which was what most merchants used at the time ) .
Potential clients , confused by this new packaging , threw the tea in hot water — bag and all .
Thomas started getting many requests for these " teabags " and realized that he had struck gold .
The quick and easy clean - up of the leaves ( due to the fact that they were still contained in the silk bag ) made it enticingly convenient .
Teabags first began appearing commercially around 1904 , and quickly shipped around the world .
Unfortunately , however , this convenience came at a high price : flavor .
Using bags created the problem of improper expansion of leaves .
In order for a tea leaf to fully infuse all flavor possible , it needs a great deal of room to expand .
Because teas in teabags got less leg room , the quality was diminished .
What was the solution ?
Smaller leaves .
This way , they needed less room to enlarge .
Due to the fact that they were hidden behind a silk screen anyway , little attention was given to this fact .
With this decision , the slippery slope of tea began .
Because size no longer mattered , merchants could purvey much cheaper grades of tea known as " fannings " or " dust . "
These are the lowest rankings that tea can achieve , found at the bottom of the tea barrels - sure , they 'll add color to your cup , but not nearly as much flavor .
After this , companies began to wrap the " leaves " in paper filters , a much cheaper alternative that did n't allow water to flow through to the cup as easily , excluding even more quality .
This state of tea mediocrity has now plagued the West for several decades .
Most supermarkets still offer only a bottom - of - the - barrel tea product , leaving most consumers to believe that there is nothing better available .
But this is a far cry from the abundance of flavor and intoxicating aroma found in a cup of full - leaf gourmet tea .
Recently , tea vendors have begun brainstorming on ways to tackle this problem .
How can they maintain the convenience that consumers have grown accustomed to without sacrificing the quality ?
One answer that they 've come up with is making waves : larger leaves in better bags .
Thanks to modern technology , these companies are now able to use a higher - quality nylon bag that allows for more water to flow through , bringing more flavor into the cup .
So to distance themselves from their inferior dust - filled cousins , these new bags are referred to as " tea sachets . "
A delicious example of such a product is Adagio 's realiTEA sachets .
Another solution to the " tea bag dilemma " is much simpler : making loose tea strainers more effective and convenient .
Poor filtration and messy clean - up have turned off many interested tea drinkers , barring them from the superior quality of loose tea .
Americans demand convenience , and spooning loose tea out of a cup ( after spending twenty minutes cleaning the tea ball ) is no longer acceptable .
However , there are interesting new teapots that fill this position nicely .
A great example of an ingenious teapot is Adagio 's ingenuiTEA teapot .
A complete renovation of the Western mindset on tea may seem like a longshot , but remember this : there once was a time when your choice of coffee ranged from Folgers to Sanka .
Then , Starbucks came along to show how much better it can be .
The same is true of tea .
Most folks are no longer drinking Sanka .
Once they try gourmet - quality tea , they will not wish to drink anything currently sold in the supermarket either .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Corp 7203 .T said it would launch an all - electric car for city commuting by 2012 in the United States as part of its plan to speed up the introduction of green cars as its global sales falter .
The FT - EV concept made its debut at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit Sunday , where the world ’s top automaker is also unveiling two new gasoline - electric hybrid cars .
The FT - EV concept shares a platform with the tiny iQ urban commuter car , which runs on a gasoline engine and emits just 99 grams of carbon dioxide per kilometer .
“ Now , more than ever , while we are so focused on the pressing issues of the moment , we cannot lose sight of our future , ” Irv Miller , Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. group vice president , said in a statement .
Toyota said the concept car is targeted at the urban dweller driving up to 50 miles between home and work , for instance .
“ Last summer ’s $ 4 - a - gallon gasoline was no anomaly , ” Miller said .
“ It was a brief glimpse of our future . ”
Toyota , which had previously said it would aim to get an electric car out by the " early part of the next decade , " would join rivals General Motors Corp GM.N and Nissan Motor Co 7201.
T in the race to grab the lead in the zero-emission car segment .
But Toyota said it still considered gasoline - electric hybrid vehicles its long - term core powertrain technology .
With an aim of selling 1 million hybrids annually soon after 2010 , Toyota will launch as many as 10 new hybrid models by then in various markets .
The third - generation Prius and the Lexus HS250h , to debut in Detroit , are part of that effort , it said .
General Motors GM.N , which Toyota passed in recent years to become the top global automaker by sales , has said it will launch its Chevrolet Volt electric car in the United States in late 2010 .
GM says the Volt will have a 40 - miles range for driving on one battery charge .
Some One-liners From The Edinburgh Fringe Festival
I realised I was dyslexic when I went to a toga party dressed as a goat .
Marcus Brigstocke at the Assembly Rooms
Cats have nine lives .
Which makes them ideal for experimentation .
Jimmy Carr
The right to bear arms is slightly less ludicrous than the right to arm bears .
Chris Addison at the Pleasance
My dad is Irish and my mum is Iranian , which meant that we spent most of our family holidays in Customs .
Patrick Monahan at the Gilded Balloon
The dodo died .
Then Dodi died , Di died and Dando died .
Dido must be sh*tting herself .
Colin & Fergus at the Pleasance
My parents are from Glasgow which means they 're incredibly hard , but I was never smacked as a child ... well maybe one or two grams to get me to sleep at night .
Susan Murray at the Underbelly
Is it fair to say that there 'd be less litter in Britain if blind people were given pointed sticks ?
Adam Bloom at the Pleasance
My mum and dad are Scottish but they moved down to Wolverhampton when I was two , ' cause they wanted me to sound like a tw*t .
Susan Murray at the Underbelly
You have to remember all the trivia that your girlfriend tells you , because eventually you get tested .
She 'll go : " What 's my favourite flower ? "
And you murmur to yourself : " Sh*t , I was n't listening ...... Self - raising ? "
Addy Van -Der - Borgh at the Assembly Rooms
The world is a dangerous place ; only yesterday I went into Boots and punched someone in the face .
Jeremy Limb , at the Trap
I saw that show , 50 Things To Do Before You Die .
I would have thought the obvious one was " Shout For Help " .
Mark Watson , Rhod Gilbert at the Tron
I went out with an Irish Catholic .
Very frustrating .
You can take the Girl out of Cork ...
Markus Birdman at the Pod Deco
Got a phone call today to do a gig at a fire station .
Went along .
Turned out it was a bloody hoax .
Adrian Poynton at the Pleasance
Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time .
Demetri Martin at the Assembly Rooms
A dog goes into a hardware store and says : " I 'd like a job please " .
The hardware store owner says : " We do n't hire dogs , why do n't you go join the circus ? "
The dog replies : " What would the circus want with a plumber " .
Steven Alan Green at C34
Hey - you want to feel really handsome ?
Go shopping at Asda .
Brendon Burns at the Pleasance
I like to go into the Body Shop and shout out really loud " I 've already got one ! "
Norman Lovett at The Stand
It 's easy to distract fat people .
It 's a piece of cake .
Chris Addison at the Pleasance
I enjoy using the comedy technique of self - deprecation - but I 'm not very good at it .
Arnold Brown at The Stand
If you 're being chased by a police dog , try not to go through a tunnel , then on to a little seesaw , then jump through a hoop of fire .
They 're trained for that .
Milton Jones at the Underbelly
Not totally PC but they gave me a chuckle or two .
Greece 's Maelstrom of Violence The Revolt of a Disappointed Generation
The violent unrest that followed the shooting of a 15 - year - old boy has driven Greece to the brink of a political crisis .
The rioting marks an explosion of rage by the country 's young people who have few prospects of carving out a place in a society where all initiative is stifled .
In recent years , public discussion of climate change has included concerns that increased levels of carbon dioxide will contribute to global warming , which in turn may change the circulation in the earth 's oceans , with potentially disastrous consequences .
In a paper published today in the journal Science , researchers presented new data from their analysis of ice core samples and ocean deposits dating as far back as 90,000 years ago and suggest that warming , carbon dioxide levels and ocean currents are tightly inter-related .
These findings provide scientists with more data and insights into how these phenomena were connected in the past and may lead to a better understanding of future climate trends .
With support from the National Science Foundation , Jinho Ahn and Edward Brook , both geoscientists at Oregon State University , analyzed 390 ice core samples taken from Antarctic ice at Byrd Station .
The samples offered a snap shot of the Earth 's atmosphere and climate dating back between 20,000 and 90,000 years .
Sections of the samples were carefully crushed , releasing gases from bubbles that were frozen within the ice through the millennia .
These ancient gas samples were then analyzed to measure the levels of carbon dioxide contained in each one .
Ahn and Brook then compared the carbon dioxide levels from the ice samples with climate data from Greenland and Antarctica that reflected the approximate temperatures when the gases were trapped and with ocean sediments in Chile and the Iberian Peninsula .
Data from the sediments provided the scientists with an understanding of how fast or slow the ocean currents were in the North Atlantic and how well the Southern Ocean was stratified during these same time periods .
The researchers discovered that elevations in carbon dioxide levels were related to subsequent increases in the Earth 's temperature as well as reduced circulation of ocean currents in the North Atlantic .
The data also suggests that carbon dioxide levels increased along with the weakening of mixing of waters in the Southern Ocean .
This , the researchers say , may point to potential future scenario where global warming causes changes in ocean currents which in turn causes more carbon dioxide to enter the atmosphere , adding more greenhouse gas to an already warming climate .
Ahn and Brook state that a variety of factors may be at work in the future that alter the relationship between climate change and ocean currents .
One potential factor is that the levels of carbon dioxide in today 's atmosphere are much higher than they were during the period Ahn and Brook studied .
The researchers hope that future studies of the ancient gas from a newly drilled ice core may allow a higher resolution analysis and yield more details about the timing between CO2 levels and the temperature at the earth 's poles .
###
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 November 2
Explanation : Imagine a pipe as wide as a state and as long as half the Earth .
Now imagine that this pipe is filled with hot gas moving 50,000 kilometers per hour .
Further imagine that this pipe is not made of metal but a transparent magnetic field .
You are envisioning just one of thousands of young spicules on the active Sun .
Pictured above is perhaps the highest resolution image yet of these enigmatic solar flux tubes .
Spicules dot the above frame of solar active region 10380 that crossed the Sun in 2004 June , but are particularly evident as a carpet of dark tubes on the right .
Time - sequenced images have recently shown that spicules last about five minutes , starting out as tall tubes of rapidly rising gas but eventually fading as the gas peaks and falls back down to the Sun .
These images also indicate that the ultimate cause of spicules is sound - like waves that flow over the Sun 's surface but leak into the Sun 's atmosphere .
This White Oak , which we have labeled Witness Tree # 2 , was cut down by the National Park Service a couple of weeks ago .
It was 166 years old , and about 20 years old at the time of the battle .
It was cut down as part of a project by the National Park Service to thin out forested areas on the battlefield .
The project is intended to allow other smaller trees to grow taller so that the smaller trees can be cut down when they reach maturity .
This view was taken facing west at approximately 1:00 PM on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
In the last three weeks , the National Park Service has cut down three more witness trees at the south end of the battlefield .
They are all within a couple of hundred yards of each other .
We have been very amused in the last day or two by those defending the National Park Service in the felling of a 229 year old witness tree in this area ( which we documented in our post on January 17 , 2009 ) .
The defenders state that “ well , when you cut down hundreds of trees , you ’re bound to make some mistakes and cut down some witness trees . ”
Really ?
So cutting down hundreds of trees at a time makes it okay to be sloppy and to cut down witness trees if it ’s too inconvenient to check to see how old they are ?
We are big fans of the battlefield rehabilitation , but this was a wooded area during the battle , and it ’s a wooded area now .
If there is any doubt at all about the age of trees , why not leave them up ?
These four witness trees were in an area of less than an acre .
The National Park Service is thinning out dozens ( hundreds ? ) of acres from Seminary Ridge to Big Round Top .
We have n’t checked all of the hundreds ( thousands ? ) of trees that are down .
How many more witness trees have fallen to this policy ?
Remember when witness trees were valued at Gettysburg National Military Park ?
It was only last August when a witness tree in the National Cemetery was struck by lightning , and the National Park Service received a lot of publicity from the Washington Post , New York Times , CNN , Philadelphia Inquirer , National Public Radio , etc … about what a shame it was that “ the last living link to America ’s bloodiest battle ” was almost destroyed .
The National Park Service milked that for all it was worth , did n’t they ?
Of course , that was right after the tree was struck by lightning and when some officials of the National Park Service were clueless about how many witness trees were actually on the battlefield .
Now that they realize that there are more , it appears that the witness trees are n’t as important .
Well you ca n’t have it both ways .
Either they are important ( and you receive great publicity for attempting to preserve them ) or they ’re not ( and you do n’t really care when they ’re struck by lightning , or when you cut them down ) .
We ’re not tree huggers by any means , but we think that they are as important as the National Park Service used to think that they were .
As the National Park Service spokesperson told one media outlet , “ It ’s always amazing how passionate people are about witness trees at Gettysburg . ”
It ’s too bad that some employees of the National Park Service at Gettysburg do n’t have some of that same passion .
The area in red is one of the the primary areas where the National Park Service is “ thinning ” the woods .
The blue line is a trail that goes into the area from South Confederate Avenue .
The hatchet ( labeled # 1 ) is the 229 year old witness tree that the National Park Service cut down in August , 2008 .
The yellow line represents the stone wall that trees have fallen over and damaged .
We also show the general locations of witness trees # 2 , # 3 , and # 4 by hatchets laying in the approximate direction and areas where they witness trees are laying .
These lines are not to scale at all .
This map was created at approximately 7:30 PM on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
“ It ’s a shame when you lose the last living entities on this battlefield , ” a National Park Service spokesperson told Fox News on August 9 , 2008 , regarding the honey locust tree in the National Cemetery .
“ Nothing lives forever , unfortunately . ”
Here is the stump of Witness Tree # 2 .
It started growing around 1843 .
1843 was the year that the first wagon train traveled on the Oregon Trail .
Ulysses S. Grant graduated from West Point. Charles Dickens ’ A Christmas Carol was published .
Noah Webster and Sequoyah died .
We have marked the tree rings as we counted them .
This view was taken facing west on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
The National Park Service is following directions on the proper way to thin trees from experts at Pennsylvania State University .
They are cutting down one out of every four trees this time , and they are to come back and cut down 63 % during the next round .
This should promote a healthy forest .
So cutting down healthy trees like this promotes a healthy forest ?
How many more witness trees will go when they start taking out 63 % of the trees that are left ?
This view was taken facing west at approximately 1:00 PM on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
Witness Tree # 3 is a Red Oak that was 171 years old , or approximately 25 years old at the time of the battle .
When it started growing around 1838 , Frederick Douglass escaped slavery from a Maryland plantation .
The Cherokee were forcibly relocated on the Trail of Tears .
Ironically , 1838 was the year that naturalist John Muir was born .
This view was taken facing southwest at approximately 1:00 PM on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
To make sure we could get a proper count of the rings , we used a chisel to cut a channel , and a magnifying glass and a chisel to count the rings .
This view was taken facing southwest at approximately 1:00 PM on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
We then used a marker to keep track of where we were in our count of the rings .
The National Park Service uses a chart to determine the age of of trees based on their species and size .
It appears that either the chart is incorrect , or that someone is n’t using it correctly .
This view was taken facing southwest at approximately 4:30 PM on Sunday , January 11 , 2009 .
As a Gettysburg National Military Park spokesperson told National Public Radio in September , 2008 , “ It ’s really kind of amazing that any tree would have been standing here after three days of fighting . ”
This view was taken facing southwest at approximately 4:30 PM on Sunday , January 11 , 2009 .
Witness Tree # 4 is a White Oak that was 194 years old .
So it started growing around 1815 when James Madison was President of the United States .
Andrew Jackson had just won the Battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812 .
This tree was approximately 48 years old at the time of the Battle of Gettysburg .
This view was taken facing south at approximately 1:00 PM on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
According to the National Park Service Organic
Act , the mission of the National Park Service is “ …to promote and regulate the use of the…national parks … [ whose ] purpose is to conserve the scenery and the natural and historic objects and the wild life therein and to provide for the enjoyment of the same in such manner and by such means as will leave them unimpaired for the enjoyment of future generations . ”
This view was taken facing south at approximately 1:00 PM on Sunday , January 18 , 2009 .
Superintendent John Latchar ’s stated purpose of Battlefield Rehabilitation of Gettysburg is as follows : “ One of the most important purposes of Gettysburg National Military Park is to preserve the topographic , landscape and cultural features that were significant to the outcome of the Battle of Gettysburg .
That is the primary reason that Congress created this park in 1895 . ”
This view was taken facing south at approximately 4:30 PM on Sunday , January 11 , 2009 .
To paraphrase the National Park Service instructions to visitors regarding preservation of the resources at Gettysburg , “ take only memories , and leave only footprints … because if anyone ’s going to damage the resource , it ’s going to be us . ”
This view was taken facing west at approximately 4:30 PM on Friday , January 16 , 2009 .
See our previous posts on Gettysburg Witness Trees :
Pender Witness Tree Area on April 30 , 2008 ,
Gibbon Witness Tree on May 27 , 2008 ,
Honey Locust Tree Damage on August 10 , 2008 ,
Sickles Witness Fence Damage on August 12 , 2008 ,
McPherson Woods Witness Trees on August 16 , 2008 ,
Arkansas Monument Witness Tree on August 27 , 2008 .
Farnsworth Charge Witness Tree on September 8 , 2008 .
Did the National Park Service Cut Down a Witness Tree? on October 19 , 2008 ,
Sickles ’ Witness Tree on November 10 , 2008 .
Abraham Lincoln Baltimore Street Witness Tree on November 19 , 2008 .
Henry Heth Wounding Tree Stump on November 28 , 2008 .
Culp ’s Hill Witness Tree : Split by an Artillery Shell ? on November 30 , 2008 .
Culp ’s Hill Witness Tree : Photographed by M.B. Brady and Company on December 5 , 2008 .
National Cemetery Witness Tree , Sickles Witness Fence Update on December 10 , 2008 .
Another Baltimore Street Witness Tree on January 14 , 2009 .
National Park Service Cuts Down a Witness Tree and Damages a Stone Wall on January 17 , 2009 .
See the following related posts :
And the Nomination for Most Thorough Burying of a Flank Marker Goes To… on November 14 , 2008 .
Left flank marker of Knap ’s Pennsylvania Battery thrown behind NPS building on November 9 , 2008 .
National Park Service moving flank markers on October 23 , 2008 .
National Park Service decision not to move the Reynolds Avenue flank markers on October 22 , 2008 .
“ Do the Flank Markers on Reynolds Avenue Need to be Moved ? ” on October 16 , 2008 .
Dirt and gravel returning to the flank markers on October 15 , 2008 .
Dirt and gravel being removed from the flank markers on October 10 , 2008 .
Dirt and gravel burying the markers on October 9 , 2008 .
Doubleday Avenue Roadwork on October 1 , 2008 .
Asphalt touches the flank marker of the 147th New York on September 30 , 2008 .
Covering up their mistakes with asphalt touching boulders in The Loop on September 22 , 2008 .
Slathering the Loop With Asphalt on September 13 , 2008 .
Devil ’s Den : Aftermath of the Construction on September 11 , 2008 .
Previous
Next
One father said : " My son came home and said that his substitute teacher had told the class that Santa does n't exist and it's your mum and dad that put out presents for them .
Globe4D is an interactive installation for immersive globe viewing .
It allows people to learn and communicate about different phenomena on earth and other planets and see how these have changed over time .
Interactive visualizations on a physical sphere can be turned and viewed from all angles .
Topics range from continental drift to changing seasons and from natural disasters to airplane routes .
Learn more about our globes here
Smarter Wikipedia is an open - source Firefox add - on that enhances your Wikipedia browsing experience .
* It recommends articles to read by displaying a “ related articles ” box to the left of the page .
* It allows you to search text you select from the right - click context menu .
* It is released under GPLv3 .
* Many more features will be released in the future !
The latest version is 1.0 , released on November 12 , 2008 .
Download
Source Code :
The source code is contained in the .xpi file , which is just a zip file .
Simply unzip it to obtain the complete source code .
This add - on makes use of the DirectedEdge.com API , but is in no way affiliated with DirectedEdge and is not endorsed in any way by DirectedEdge .
If you liked this extension , please go to Firefox add - ons and write a review so that this extension will be approved quicker .
if there 's one thing i absolutely LOVE to eat , it 's cured pork .
so for lunch today i made myself a little BLTfirst i got all the ingredients together .
instead of boring , plain mayonnaise i opted for some wasabi & horseradish aioli.next , lettuce and tomato .
i'm allergic to tomato so i made sure to cut really big slices .
then came the best part ....
THE MOTHERFUCKIN ' BACON and my baby was complete .
at that point i just had to be in a picture with my masterpiece .
( that 's my cool gang hand - sign .
we be hardcore out here in the woods ) also for verification : i motherfuckin ' bacon .
any man in his right mind should .... shit got me hard as a rockanyone else share my love for tasty pork products ? plz discuss
A single decker bus like the one owned by Ashley Mote
Ashley Mote , who served a nine - month jail sentence last year for benefit fraud , has been told he will face legal action unless he sells the single - decker and repays the sum to the European Parliament .
Its Danish secretary - general Harald Romer said spending the money on the bus was “ an inappropriate use of Parliamentary allowances ” .
But Mr Mote , 72 , claims he needs the bus , which he has converted into a mobile office , to travel across the eight counties which make up his South - east England constituency .
He said : “ My constituency is from east Kent to west Hampshire , around London to north Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire .
“ The bus is an ideal way of solving the problem of how to make contact with my constituents .
The response has been fantastic .
As required by the FCC , all Mac- related web sites must publish pre-Macworld Expo predictions regarding what Apple may announce at the show .
Remember : these are predictions based on little more than my own speculation and tea - leaf reading , so hold your applause until the end , and , please , no wagering .
[ Updated with results , Tuesday 6 January . ]
New 17 - Inch MacBook Pro —
Seems like a sure thing .
The lack of new 17 - inch hardware was a glaring omission from October ’s new MacBook line - up .
Expect something that looks pretty much exactly like a bigger version of the new 15 - inch MacBook Pro.
Last - minute rumors claim that the new 17 - inch MacBook Pro will have a sealed ( non-user - replaceable ) battery .
Sounds odd , and if true , will surely generate complaints that it ’s a stupid move on Apple ’s part , but given Apple ’s recent penchant for sealed batteries , it would n’t surprise me .
Result : Correct .
New Mac Mini — Yes .
The current Mac Mini lineup is unchanged since August 2007 , almost a year and a half ago .
Overdue for an update , to say the least .
I do n’t think there ’s any great enthusiasm for the Mac Mini at Apple , but it ’s a strong seller .
Result : Wrong .
New 30 - Inch Cinema Display — Yes .
Much like with the 17 - inch MacBook Pro , the existing 30 - inch Cinema Display just looks old next to the new 24 - inch model .
As for a 20 - inch model , I ’m going to say no .
20 - inch displays are the new 17 - inch displays : too small .
Result : Wrong .
Speed Bump iMac Revisions —
I ’m not sure where the rumors started about there being significant changes to the iMac , but I expect what we ’ll actually see will look the same as the current iMacs but offer slightly faster processors , slightly bigger hard drives , etc .
Speed bump revisions do n’t make for good demos , so while I expect updated iMacs this week , I do n’t expect them to be announced during the keynote itself .
Result : Wrong , but maybe kind of partial credit if I really stretch it , for saying they would n’t make the keynote .
i Life and iWork ’09 —
Yes , nearly a sure thing .
These suites are both profitable and popular , and the current ’08 suites were released in August 2007 .
They ’re both due for updates , and they both make for good keynote demo material .
At the top of my personal wish list : improvements to iMovie and Pages .
I see the logic behind Apple ’s decision to scrap the old iMovie and start over from the ground up with iMovie ’08 .
But I find iMovie ’08 downright confusing .
The difference between “ events ” and “ projects ” seems muddled , and it ’s a clumsy tool when it comes to actually editing clips together to make a movie .
As for Pages , I would love to see it gain additional professional - caliber typographic controls ( including better support for OpenType fonts ) .
Result : Correct , and iMovie ’09 looks like it ’s exactly what I was hoping for .
The new “ precision editor ” addresses exactly the shortcoming I found most frustrating about with iMovie ’08 .
Snow Leopard —
I expect a demo , and maybe a loose release date ( like , say , “ first half of 2009 ” ) .
As Apple emphasized when Snow Leopard was announced at WWDC last year , Snow Leopard is mainly about low - level under - the - hood improvements and optimizations to Mac OS X , not about new user - visible features .
But the new Exchange integration for Mail and iCal is certainly demo-able .
What I expect is for Apple to make old features look new , by updating the system - wide appearance theme .
I ’ve made this prediction several times in the past and been wrong , but eventually I ’ll be right : it ’s time for the last vestiges of the original Mac OS X 10.0 “ Aqua ” theme to go .
Scrollbars and push buttons , for example , remain largely unchanged since the Mac OS X public beta in 2000 .
My bet says iTunes - style scrollbars everywhere , darker window chrome , and a light - text - on - dark - background menu bar .
( The name I ’ve heard for the new theme : Marble .
Make of that what you will . )
Result : Wrong .
Updated Apple TV — Yes .
I expect new hardware , but probably nothing radically new other than increased storage space .
But it ’ll be in the keynote as a signal that Apple is serious about this market .
There ’s been a lot of supposedly expert speculation that Apple is going to abandon Apple TV because it ’s not a hit .
But while it ’s not a hit , it ’s not a failure , either , and , more importantly , there is no dominant player in this field , where by “ this field ” I mean that for consumer - level digital media management for the living room .
I ’m not going to say that Blu-ray is dead because it is n’t .
But if DVD is n’t the last mainstream physical medium for home movie distribution , Blu-ray will be .
The future , obviously and inevitably , is in downloads .
I ’m already there , and you , dear DF reader , probably are too , but for the mass market , downloadable movies for the living room remain in the future .
The iPhone was an instant hit , but the iPod was n’t .
Apple grew the iPod from a Mac - only peripheral into a cultural sensation slowly but steadily over three or four years .
I think they have a similar long - term plan for Apple TV .
And in large part Apple — along with every other hardware maker — is hobbled by the limitations of what content the movie studios will allow them to distribute .
The iTunes Store ’s movie library has grown significantly over the past year , but it ’s still far smaller than what your neighborhood video store has to offer .
And while iTunes has high definition movies available to rent , the only movies you can buy are in standard definition .
That ’s a studio - imposed limitation , and it ’s one that works in Blu-ray ’s favor , and against Apple TV’s .
( Wishful thinking on my part : I ’d love for Apple to announce some Boxee - like features built - in as standard Apple TV features .
The TV networks seem more willing to play ball with digital distribution than the movie studios , so , maybe . )
There are rumors that Apple might release software that allows any Mac to serve as an Apple TV .
I know nothing about such software , but if you think of it more as the unification of Front Row and Apple TV , it makes perfect sense .
But I do n’t expect Apple to abandon selling dedicated Apple TV hardware soon — even the cheapest Mac Mini costs a few hundred bucks more than an Apple TV .
Result : Wrong — no mention of Apple TV at all .
i Phone Nano — No. Frankly , I just do n’t get these rumors .
The only way this makes sense is if it ’s a replacement for the iPhone 3G — i.e. a slightly smaller form factor for the existing iPhone 3 G ’s features .
But why now , just six months after iPhone 3G debuted ?
The pattern seems to be for Apple to release new iPhone hardware every summer , much like how they ’ve usually released new iPod hardware in the fall .
( And why “ nano ” rather than “ mini ” for something that , according to the purported third - party case designs that the rumor is founded upon , is only a little bit smaller ?
With iPods , “ nano ” is used for models that are way smaller and thinner . )
Result : Right .
i Phone Tethering —
No , but I would love to be wrong .
The longer I use my iPhone , the more frustrating it feels that my MacBook does n’t have the same sort of nearly - ubiquitous network access .
I ’m one of the lucky few to have scored a copy of NetShare during its brief availability on the App Store , and there are other solutions for jailbroken iPhones , but I want Apple - style integration .
I ca n’t see any way that this could happen without having to pay an extra monthly fee to AT&T , but if the price is even just semi-reasonable , I ’d pay it in a heartbeat .
Result : Right .
In order to explain how the createDelegate function works in the last post , we have to understand JavaScript closures and Function.apply ( ) .
The apply ( ) method is the easiest subject to tackle , so we 'll start there and work up .
Every function in JavaScript has a number of attached methods , including toString ( ) , call ( ) , and apply ( ) .
If it sounds odd to you that a function might have its own methods - then remember that every function in JavaScript is an object .
Read this article for a refresher .
You might also wonder what the difference is between a function and a method .
I believe the descriptors ' function ' and ' method ' are just a JavaScript convention .
Functions stand on their own ( there is an alert ( ) function , for example ) , while methods are functions inside an object 's dictionary , and we invoke them through the object reference .
Every JavaScript object has a toString ( ) method , for example , and we can use the toString ( ) method on a function object to see its source code :
function foo( ) { alert ( 'x ' ) ; } alert ( foo.toString ( ) ) ;
Because functions are objects they can have their own properties and methods , and we can treat them like data .
" Functions as data " is important to remember for the next post , too , but for now we 'll focus on two of a function 's methods : apply ( ) , and its counterpart : call ( ) .
Let 's start with the following code :
var x = 10 ; function f( ) { alert ( this .x ) ; } f( ) ;
Here we have a global function by the name of f( ) . f( ) uses the this keyword to reference x , but notice we do n't invoke the function through an instance of an object .
So what object does this reference ?
this will reference the global object .
The global object is where we defined the variable x .
The above code does work and will show the value 10 in a dialog .
Both call ( ) and apply ( ) are methods we can use to assign the this pointer for the duration of a method invocation .
As an example , here is how we could use the call ( ) method :
var x = 10 ; var o = { x : 15 } ; function f( ) { alert ( this .x ) ; } f( ) ; f.call (o ) ;
The first invocation of f( ) will display the value of 10 , because this references the global object .
The second invocation ( via the call method ) however , will display the value 15 .
15 is the value of the x property inside object o.
The call ( ) method invokes the function and uses its first parameter as the this pointer inside the body of the function .
In other words - we 've told the runtime what object to reference as this while executing inside of function f( ) .
Fiddling with the this pointer might sound funny , even perverse , to C++ , Java , and C# programmers .
What 's next ?
Dogs sleeping with cats ?
Working nVidia drivers for Windows Vista ?
It 's all part of the fun that is ECMAScript .
We can also pass arguments to the target function via call ( ) :
var x = 10 ; var o = { x : 15 } ; function f( message ) { alert ( message ) ; alert ( this .x ) ; } f(" invoking f " ) ; f.call (o , " invoking f via call " ) ;
The apply ( ) method is identical to call ( ) , except apply ( ) requires an array as the second parameter .
The array represents the arguments for the target method .
var x = 10 ; var o = { x : 15 } ; function f( message ) { alert ( message ) ; alert ( this .x ) ; } f(" invoking f " ) ; f.apply ( o , [ " invoking f through apply " ] ) ;
The apply ( ) method is useful because we can build a function like createDelegate ( from the last post ) that does n't care about the signature of the target method .
The function can use apply ( ) to pass all additional arguments to the target method via an array .
Are we getting close to a curry function ?
var o = { x : 15 } ; function f1 ( message1 ) { alert ( message1 + this .x ) ; } function f2 ( message1 , message2 ) { alert ( message1 + ( this .x * this .x ) + message2 ) ; } function g( object , func , args ) { func.apply ( object , args ) ; } g(o , f1 , [ " the value of x = " ] ) ; g(o , f2 , [ " the value of x squared = " , " . Wow ! " ] ) ;
The problem here is the awkward syntax .
We are forcing the caller to stuff arguments into an array just so we call apply ( ) .
Fortunately , there is a way to make the syntax easier , but we have to introduce one more topic : the arguments identifier .
In JavaScript , every function essentially has a variable length argument list .
The means we can pass 5 parameters to a function even if the function only uses one argument .
The following runs without error and displays " H " :
function f( message ) { alert ( message ) ; } f( " H " , " e " , " l " , " l " , " o " ) ;
If we did want to access the other arguments from inside f( ) , we can use the arguments keyword .
arguments references an Arguments object , which has a length property and feels like an array .
function f( message ) { // message param is the same as arguments [ 0 ] for ( var i = 1 ; i < arguments.
length ; i++) { message += arguments [ i ] ; } alert ( message ) ; } // this will say " Hello " f ( " H " , " e " , " l " , " l " , " o " ) ;
Just so you know , arguments is technically not an array , even if it walks and talks like one .
arguments has a length property but no split , push , or pop methods .
What we can do with arguments inside our previous g( ) function is copy the incoming arguments after arguments [ 1 ] into an array object that we pass to apply .
var o = { x : 15 } ; function f( message1 , message2 ) { alert ( message1 + ( this .x * this .x ) + message2 ) ; } function g( object , func ) { // arguments [ 0 ] == object // arguments [ 1 ] == func var args = [ ] ; // empty array // copy all other arguments we want to " pass through " for ( var i = 2 ; i < arguments.
length ; i++) { args.push ( arguments [i ] ) ; } func.apply ( object , args ) ; } g(o , f , " The value of x squared = " , " . Wow ! " ) ;
When we invoke g( ) , we can pass additional arguments as parameters instead of stuffing the arguments into an array .
At this point , we have the theoretical knowledge needed to understand call and apply , but perhaps you are already asking a question : what if I do n't want to immediately invoke the target function f( ) ?
What if I just want to arrange all the players in this little drama so that I can invoke f( ) at some later point ( as an event handler , for example ) , but still have this referencing the desired object ( whithout tracking the desired object myself ) .
In an upcoming post , we 'll see how to combine our Function. apply and arguments knowledge with the concept of nested functions and closures to answer this very question .
BARCELONA --
The Christmas market outside the Cathedral in the Catalonia region here is much like any other holiday bazaar : carols , pine , more carols , wreathes , really annoying carols , and crèches .
But for sale along with the wise men , Marys , Jesuses ( Jesi ? ) , and all our favorite Biblical folk is the " caganer " -- literally Catalan for " the shitter . "
And that 's because the figurine is just that : a little ceramic guy going No. 2 on the savior 's new front porch .
Unholy , you say ?
The Catalan people I spoke to here insist the crouching crappers are an essential part of their nativity scene -- so crucial that in Barcelona , when municipal crèches have omitted caganers in the past , intense public outcries have always brought back the traditional squatter .
Asked from whence said tradition came , many Catalan shoppers shrug and say , " It 's just tradition . "
Those who 've crossed off more of their Christmas lists -- and thus have more time to expound on their people 's somewhat frightening obsession with healthy bowel movements -- are somewhat more profound .
The caganer fertilizes the earth for a more fruitful year , or represents the equality of all mankind , or unites us in our most basic needs , or just throws a fart joke into a somewhat overwhelmingly holy display for your windowsill .
Most agree that it 's just damn funny .
Local merchants , meanwhile , agree that this kind of fun-loving feculence can mean big money .
The original caganers -- featuring a Catalan peasant , his red hat , and his bare ass -- have been popular in the region for some three centuries .
But for each of the past several Christmases , the newfangled little shitter industry has created a new figurine made in the image of a worldwide headliner .
Whether this " honor " has anything to do with real - world achievement or simply sales is also up for debate in the market , but the latest entries range from Spanish political leaders to Carla Bruni , from the Pope to , now , Barack Obama .
Yes , that 's the president - elect you see pictured above , popping a squat over a fairly heaping portion of Plasticine poop .
And as has been reported this month , he 's the biggest seller these Catalan salesmen have ever seen .
So while it speaks to the worldwide hype surrounding Obama that his constipated Christmas toy is wildly popular so far away from home , this cottage industry coup may offer a simpler message : America 's first black president , burdened with the expectant hopes of a weary and broken nation , just got caught with his ass in the breeze and a piece of dung between his feet .
After all , is n't that what the holidays are all about ?
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
When you make your purchases , are you struggling over the decision to ‘ shop local ’ or ‘ support the poor in distant lands ’ ?
If so , read this .
I had been meaning to make a post on the subject of ‘ Food Miles , or Fair Miles ’ , and finding this article from Reuters provided an ideal vehicle to do so .
Please consider the following :
Farmers ’ markets across the country are buzzing with conscientious customers buying locally grown knobbly carrots and leeks pulled straight from the soil .
With the threat of climate change racing up the global political agenda , Britons are going green when they shop .
And their sights are set on food miles .
“ The concept of food miles has absolutely rightly entered into people ’s consciousness in Britain , ” says Bill Vorley , head of the sustainable markets group at the British International Institute for Environment and Development ( IIED ) think - tank .
The idea of reducing food miles seems straightforward — simply buy produce which has travelled the shortest possible distance from farm to plate .
However , just as British consumers ’ enthusiasm to cut food miles is growing , some experts are warning that an over - simplistic view of the issue risks doing more harm than good .
They are urging policymakers not to rush blindly into formulating “ buy - local - only ” campaigns for consumers which could prove disastrous for many poor African food producers … .
The problem , experts say , is that consumers keen to do their bit for the environment but as yet unaware of the complexities of the debate are shopping with a simplistic “ local good , foreign bad ” attitude .
As long as the apples , carrots , broccoli and leeks are produced in Britain , they can be bought in abundance with a clear conscience , the thinking goes .
But if the label says they come from Israel , Kenya or New Zealand , only a carbon criminal would dare take them to the checkout .
However , some argue that fair miles , not food miles , should be the criterion by which consumers judge the contents of their shopping trolleys .
Specifically , fresh fruit and vegetables from sub-Saharan Africa , on which Britons spend more than a million pounds a day , should be considered more carefully .
“ Many products which come to us from Africa are giving some of the poorest people in some of the poorest countries in the world a chance to earn a decent living , ” said Harriet Lamb , executive director of the Fairtrade Foundation , an independent certification body that guarantees poor producers in the developing world a fair price for their goods ….
– Alertnet
The article also touches on the point that buying locally does n’t necessarily reduce emissions – depending on the methods and efficiencies used where said produce is sourced .
It ’s possible , for example , that shoppers in London purchasing produce from an inefficiently run farm in Kent may be favouring ‘ the bad guy ’ over a more eco-minded farmer producing goods organically in southern France , or even as far away as New Zealand .
Each source needs to be considered on its own merits .
But , today I want to consider just the point raised above .
According to Harriet Lamb , our purchases are “ giving some of the poorest people in some of the poorest countries in the world a chance to earn a decent living . ”
For the sake of argument , please consider the following two scenarios :
Scenario 1 ) A hard - working small - scale farmer in sub-Saharan Africa lives a sustainable existence on his family farm ( selling the bulk of his excess produce locally , with the exception of a few specialty items to the European market through a local distributor ) , but then has his livelihood stolen away from him and his family as European consumers decide to shop local .
Scenario 2 ) A sub -Saharan farm labourer , earning a pittance working for a large - scale farm project ( the result of a buy - out of many smaller farms by a wealthy agribusinessman ) loses his job as European consumers decide to shop local .
Hopefully you noticed that the first sentence does n’t make sense !
The farmer in scenario one is not entirely dependent on the whims of the European market , and will ride out a shift of purchasing decisions made thousands of miles away .
This scenario is the healthy ideal – the goal of sustainability , and the embodiment of a stable , low - carbon lifestyle .
The latter worker , in scenario two , has already fallen prey to a system he has no power over .
This is the point I would like to consider .
Are not our purchasing dollars promoting scenario two – where the attraction of our western currencies cause the dismantling of small - scale rural agriculture ( scenario one ) in favour of increased centralisation and control by transnational corporations / supermarkets ?
These supermarkets demand large regular deliveries of standardised produce ( virtually identical size and shape of ‘ transport optimised ’ fruit and vegetables ) , and exact a high environmental cost in stringent sanitation and packaging demands .
To facilitate this , energy ( and water ) intensive western - style farming methods are replicated in the South ( fossil - fuel based fertilisers , pesticides , and heavy mechanised equipment are utilised ) , instead of more labour - intensive ( employment - providing ) , sustainable , CO2 absorbing and water - conserving systems .
The increased mechanisation means less people are required to work the land , resulting in more and more people moving into cities / slums that cannot contain them , as well as an escalation of crime , disease , and also the same soil depletion problems that have been the result of this conventional agricultural system in the North .
Is this our gift to Africa ?
The cities of today ’s sub-Saharan Africa are growing an at alarming 5 % per year – faster than anywhere else in the world ( see here , and here ) .
Third World countries are being pressured to ‘ modernise ’ their agriculture – partly to satisfy IMF conditionalties , partly because the FAO , the agro-chemical industry and the farm machinery companies are pushing them to do so .
This push towards industrial agriculture favours very large plantations , because small farms can’t afford all the inputs required .
The result is that small farmers are pushed off the land , and ultimately into the slums .
For example , India has 800 million people , and 600 million still live off the land .
If India adopts modern agriculture , which is what they are expected to do , the country will end up with farms of 500 acres and only 3 % of the population producing food for everyone else .
They ’ll be able to produce their food with 20 million people .
But what do you do with the other 580 million ?
Shoot them ?
That would be the honest , the humane thing to do .
But instead they ’ll be pushed into the slums .
– From the Ground Up , Rethinking Industrial Agriculture , p. 39 .
What is a “ decent living ” by Harriet ’s standards ?
If we are asked to consider the plight of the humble farm worker in Africa – then yes , please , let ’s really do so .
Are our purchasing dollars helping support native Africans in their bid to have a small patch of ground , and live low - carbon , self - sufficient and sustainable lives , perhaps selling / trading their excess locally ?
Or , are we instead financing their plug into the global economy , effectively subscribing them to an energy - intensive ecologically unsustainable factory - farm system of agriculture that has only a few people ( farm owners , distributors , and transnationals ) making the real profits ?
Is prosperity reaching the individual that wields the farm implement , or is the bulk of the money heading out - of - country to seed and chemical companies , manufacturers of heavy equipment and to western supermarket chains ?
The Reuters article continues :
“ And it ’s something like a million livelihoods that depend on us ( in Britain ) enjoying fresh fruit and vegetables from sub-Saharan Africa , ” says Lamb .
“ Let ’s make sure we ’re not making poor people in poor countries pay the price . ”
According to Stephen Mbugua , vice - chairman of the Fresh Produce Exporters Association of Kenya , that is not happening yet , but it is a great fear for the future .
“ So far so good , we ’ve not had any serious impact from this , ( but ) if there was a serious campaign , it certainly would affect our sales , ” he told Reuters in Nairobi .
– Alertnet
Are these industry representatives really considering the little guy , or laying down a guilt trip to protect industry interests ?
Consider this :
The Netherlands depends on 15 - 16 million hectares of cropland in other countries to supplement its own two million hectares , and the United Kingdom consumes the produce of two hectares abroad for every one farmed at home .
In 1982 , Brazil devoted 8.2 million hectares to growing soya beans that were then exported to Europe as livestock feed .
The same area could have produced sufficient protein in the form of black beans to feed 25 million people .
The South exports more protein to feed livestock than comes back in food aid .
– From the Ground Up , Rethinking Industrial Agriculture , p. 40 .
… combined with this report from India :
While people die of hunger , the government sits atop a mountain of foodgrains .
In 2001 , starvation deaths were reported in over 13 States while the storage facilities of the Food Corporation of India ( FCI ) over - flowed with grain , some of it rotting and rat-infested .
There was a proposal to dump it in the sea , to make storage space for the next crop , when export markets could not be found for this surplus .
In 2002 , reports of hunger and starvation deaths came in regularly from the progressive and economically fast - growing States — Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka .
– The Hindu Business Line
Sustainable farming and self - sufficiency
puts pride back into local communities
One thing is sure , by outsourcing our food requirements we ’ve created an environmental and ethical dilemma .
More and more people are coming to the realisation that shopping local is an ecological necessity .
By making a sudden shift in our buying habits , the economic impacts may be felt around the world , just like the climatic results of global warming .
There obviously needs to be a transition phase .
The vehicle for that transition may potentially be the gradual pace of consumer awakening itself .
Let it not be more .
Instead of encouraging mass urbanisation through the amalgamation and centralisation of rural farming economies , what would happen if we funneled our aid endeavours at training small - scale farmers in developing countries how to successfully stay just that – small scale ?
Instead of pillaging their lands , and throwing back a few bones in the form of ‘ charitable aid ’ , perhaps we could thereby make a real difference .
There ’s a well known saying – “ Give a man a fish , feed him for a day – teach a man to fish , feed him for a lifetime . ”
If we can transfer that sentiment over to sustainable organic farming , I believe we ’d be onto a winner .
People will feed themselves , if allowed to do so .
It ’s not our job to ‘ set things right ’ for others .
Our responsibility is to remove the obstacles in their paths , obstacles often created by large corporations and U.S. government , World Bank and IMF policies .- Mindfully.org
At this point I should make a confession .
I ’m a ‘ westerner ’ , and am ashamed to admit that I ’ve lived a western life .
I have n’t been in the shoes of a peasant farmer in Kenya , Tanzania , or , in fact , anywhere .
Is it callous of me to want you to stop sending your hard currency to the poorer parts of the world ?
Verdana Shiva is a well known promoter of organic farming , and she speaks from a personal history I cannot lay claim to , in that she is from India and has seen first - hand the impact of an aggressive globalised economy on her country .
This is what she has to say , speaking recently at a Soil Association conference in the UK :
There are two kinds of one world agriculture – there ’s a one planet agriculture that respects the laws of the planet and maintains the processes of the planet , and there ’s another one planet agriculture that reduces the planet to a supermarket .
And then of course it seeks the cheapest from the furthest away which means longer food miles which also means more industrialisation and more mechanisation .
For those of you who feel troubled that the new certification consideration that food that has been flown in will not be certified by Soil Association , and you are feeling troubled about the farmer in Kenya , or the farmer in India , let me tell you , by the time huge volumes of exports happen in lettuce or beans or baby corn , the farmer is the first to go .
Their land is taken away and put in the hands of agribusiness .
An agribusiness through corporate farming does the exports .
It ’s not peasants .
The peasant was finished at the beginning of the process .
So in fact by your refusing to add to food miles and add to carbon emissions you are in fact giving protection .
You ’re not just protecting the atmosphere , you ’re protecting a peasant economy .
—
Transcript of part of podcast
We ca n’t keep leaching off the poverty of the South .
When considering the “ food miles or fair miles ? ” question – ask yourself , are ‘ fair miles ’ really fair ?
Is the money we spend at our local supermarket actually ending up where we think it is , or are we promoting the disintegration of the small local farming communities that are our last hope in combating ecological destruction and global inequality ?
Highly Recommended Further Reading :
News and Opinion >
Counterpunch | January 8 , 2009 Three Simple Proposals : Gaza Seen From Paris
There are surely millions of us , invisible to each other , enraged and powerless as we watch the massacre of Gaza and listen to our media describe it as a " retaliation against terrorism " , " Israel ’s right to defend itself " .
We have reached a point where answering the Zionist arguments is both useless and unworthy of humanity .
So long as it is recognized that the shells landing on Ashkelon are likely to have been fired by descendants of the inhabitants of that region who were driven out by the Zionists in 1948 , talk of peace is a smoke screen for continued Israeli assault on the survivors of that great injustice .
What then is to be done ?
Yet another dialogue between " moderate " Arabs and " progressive " Israelis ?
An umpteenth " peace plan " to be ignored ?
A solemn declaration from the European Union ?
All such mainstream gestures are mere distractions from the ongoing strangling of the Palestinian people .
But more radical demands are just as futile .
The call to create an international tribunal to judge Israeli war criminals , or for an effective intervention by the United Nations or the European Union will accomplish nothing .
The real existing international tribunals reflect the relationship of forces in the world , and will never be used against the cherished allies of the United States .
It is the relationship of forces itself that must be changed , and this can be done only gradually .
It is true that Gaza is a dire emergency , but it is also true that nothing really effective can be done today to stop it , precisely because the patient political work that should have been done before still remains to be undertaken .
On the three modest proposals that follow , two are ideological and one is practical .
1 . Get rid of the illusion that Israel is " useful " to the West .
Many people , especially on the left , persist in thinking that Israel is only a pawn in an American capitalist or imperialist strategy to control the Middle East .
Nothing could be farther from the truth .
Israel is of no use to anybody or anything but its own fantasies of domination .
There is no petroleum in Israel , or Lebanon , or Golan , or Gaza .
The so - called wars for oil , in 1991 and 2003 , were waged by the United States , with no help from Israel , and in 1991 with the explicit demand from the United States that Israel stay out ( because Israel ’s participation would have undermined Washington ’s Arab coalition ) .
For the pro-Western petro-monarchies and the " moderate " Arab regimes , Israel ’s ongoing occupation of Palestinian lands is a nightmare , which radicalizes much of their populations and threatens their rule .
It is Israel , by its absurd policies , that provoked the creation of both Hezbollah and Hamas and that is indirectly responsible for much of the recent growth of " radical Islam " .
Moreover , the plain fact is that capitalists as a whole make more money in peace than in war .
It is enough to compare the profits made by Western capitalists in China or Vietnam since making peace with those countries , compared to the past , when " Red China " was isolated and the US waged war against Vietnam .
The majority of capitalists could not care less which " people " must have Jerusalem as its " eternal capital " , and if peace were achieved , they would hasten into the West Bank and Gaza to exploit a qualified work force with few other opportunities .
Finally , any American citizen concerned with the influence of his or her country in the world can see quite clearly that making enemies of a billion Muslims in order to satisfy every murderous whim of Israel is scarcely a rational investment in the future .
Those who consider themselves Marxists are among the first to see in Israel a simple emanation of such general phenomena as capitalism or imperialism ( Marx himself was much more cautious on the matter of economic reductionism ) .
But it does no service to the Palestinian people to maintain such fictions – in reality , like it or not , the capitalist system is far too robust to stake its survival on the Jewish occupation of the West Bank , and capitalism has been doing just fine in South Africa since the end of Apartheid .
2. Allow non-Jews to speak their mind about Israel
If support for Israel is not based on economic or strategic interests , why do the political class and the media passively accept whatever Israel does ?
Many ordinary people may feel unconcerned by what happens in a faraway country .
But this does not apply to the West ’s leading opinion makers , who never cease criticizing what is wrong with the policies of Venezuela , Cuba , Sudan , Iran , Hezbollah , Hamas , Syria , Islam , Serbia , Russia or China .
Even unproved rumors and gross exaggerations are repeated with insistence .
Only Israel must be treated with kid gloves .
One explanation offered for this special treatment is Western " guilt " for past anti-Semitic persecutions , in particular the horrors inflicted on Jews during the Second World War .
It is sometimes pointed out that the Palestinians are in no way responsible for those horrors and should not have to pay the price for crimes committed by others .
That is true , but what is almost never said and which is obvious nevertheless , is that the overwhelming majority of French people , Germans or Catholic priests today are just as innocent of what happened during the war as the Palestinians , for the simple reason that they were either born after the war or were children at the time .
The notion of collective guilt was already very questionable in 1945 , but the idea of transmitting that collective guilt to subsequent generations is quite simply a religious notion .
Even if it is said that the Holocaust should not justify Israeli policy , it is striking that the populations who are supposed to feel guilty for what happened ( the Germans , the French and the Catholics ) are most reticent to speak out .
It is strange that at the very time the Catholic Church renounced the notion of Jews as the people who killed Christ , the notion of the almost universal guilt for killing the Jews began to take over .
The discourse on universal guilt for the Holocaust is like religious discourse in general in the way it legitimizes hypocrisy , by shifting responsibility from the real to the imaginary ( on the model of " original sin " itself ) .
We are all supposed to feel guilty for crimes committed in the past about which , by definition , we can do nothing .
But we need not feel guilty or responsible for crimes being committed right before our eyes by our Israeli or American allies , whom we can hope to influence .
The fact that we are not all guilty of the crimes of the Third Reich is simple and obvious , but needs to be driven home to allow non-Jews to speak up freely about Palestine .
As it is , non-Jews who often feel they must leave it to Jews , as the only people who have the " right " to criticize Israel , to defend the Palestinians .
But given the relationship of forces between the Jewish critics of Israel , and the influential Zionist organizations claiming to speak for the Jewish people , there is no realistic hope that Jewish voices alone can save the Palestinians .
However , the main reason for the silence is surely not guilt precisely because it is so artificial , but rather fear .
Fear of " what will they think " , fear of slander and even of being taken to court for " anti-Semitism " .
If you are not convinced , take a journalist , a politician or a publisher to some spot where nobody is listening and there is no hidden camera or microphone , and ask whether he or she says in public all he or she thinks of Israel in private .
And if not , why ?
Fear of hurting the interests of capitalism ?
Fear of weakening American imperialism ?
Fear of interrupting oil deliveries ?
Or , on the contrary , fear of Zionist organizations and their relentless campaigns ?
We have little doubt , after dozens of discussions with such people that the last answer given above is the correct one .
People do not say what they think of what calls itself the " Jewish State " for fear of being called anti-Jewish and being identified with the anti-Semites of the past .
This sentiment is all the stronger inasmuch as most people who are shocked by Israeli policy are genuinely horrified by what was done to the Jews during the Second World War and are sincerely outraged by anti-Semitism .
If one stops to think about it , it is clear that if there existed today , as was the case before 1940 , openly anti-Semitic political movements , they would not be so intimidated .
But today , not even the French National Front says it is anti-Semitic and whoever criticizes Israel usually starts by denying being anti-Semitic .
The fear of being accused of anti-Semitism is deeper than fear of the Zionist lobby , it is fear of losing the respectability that goes with condemnation of anti-Semitism and the Holocaust as the highest contemporary moral value .
It is imperative to free criticism of Israel from the fear of being falsely accused of " anti-Semitism " .
The threat of this accusation is an insidious form of moral blackmail that perhaps constitutes the only real potential source of a widespread revival of anti-Jewish resentment .
3 . The practical initiatives are summed up in three letters : BDS - Boycott , disinvestment , sanctions
The demand for sanctions is taken up by most pro-Palestinian organizations , but since such measures are the prerogative of states , it is clear that this will not happen soon .
Disinvestment measures can be taken by trade unions and churches , on the decision of their members .
Other enterprises that collaborate closely with Israel will not change their policy unless they are under public pressure , that is , boycotts .
This brings us to the controversial issue of boycotts , not only of Israeli products but also of Israel ’s cultural and academic institutions .
This tactic was used against apartheid in South Africa in a very similar situation .
Both apartheid and the dispossession of the Palestinians are a late heritage of European colonialism , whose practitioners have a hard time realizing that such forms of domination are no longer acceptable to the world in general and even to public opinion in the West .
The racist ideologies underlying both projects are an outrage to the majority of humanity and gives rise to endless hatreds and conflicts .
One might even say that Israel is another South Africa , plus exploitation of " the Holocaust " as an excuse .
Any boycott is apt to have innocent victims .
In particular , it is said that boycotting Israeli academic institutions would unjustly punish intellectuals who are for peace .
Perhaps , but Israel itself readily admits that there are innocent victims in Gaza , whose innocence in no way prevents them from being killed .
We do not propose killing anyone .
A boycott is a perfectly non-violent act by citizens .
It is comparable to conscientious objection or civil disobedience in the face of unjust power .
Israel flouts all UN resolutions and our own governments , far from taking measures to oblige Israel to comply , merely reinforce their ties with Israel .
We have the right , as citizens , to demand that our own governments respect international law .
What is important about sanctions , especially on the cultural level , is their symbolic value .
It is a way of telling our governments that we do not accept their policy of collaboration with a state that has chosen to become an international outlaw .
Some object to a boycott on the grounds that it is opposed by both some progressive Israelis and a certain number of " moderate " Palestinians ( but not Palestinian civil society as a whole ) .
But the main question for us is not what they say , but what foreign policy we want for our own countries .
The Israeli - Arab conflict is far from being a mere local quarrel and has attained a worldwide significance .
It involves the basic issue of respect for international law .
A boycott should be defended as a means to protest to our governments in order to force them to change their policy .
We have the right to want to be able to travel without shame in the rest of the world .
That is reason enough to encourage a boycott .
( A french version of this text is in preparation ) .
Jean Bricmont teaches physics in Belgium and is a member of the Brussels Tribunal .
His book , Humanitarian Imperialism , is published by Monthly Review Press .
He can be reached at [ email ] Jean.Bricmont@uclouvain.be [ /email ]
Diana Johnstone is the author of Fools ' Crusade : Yugoslavia , Nato , and Western Delusions published by Monthly Review Press .
She can be reached at : [ email]diana.josto@yahoo.fr [/email ]
AP via YahooNews :
Caroline Kennedy has spoken to New York Gov. David Paterson about the Senate seat that will come open when Hillary Rodham Clinton becomes secretary of state , according to a person familiar with the conversation .
Kennedy reached out to the governor to discuss the Senate seat , according to the Democratic source , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the conversation was private .
The source would not disclose the details of the conversation .
Kennedy is the daughter of President John F. Kennedy and a niece of brothers Edward and Robert .
Robert Kennedy held the New York seat from 1965 until his assassination in 1968 .
As a prominent member of the Kennedy clan , Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg is the kind of high - profile , historic figure who could overshadow many other New York politicians hoping to be Paterson 's choice .
The governor has said he is in no rush to make a decision , and Clinton is not giving up the seat before she is confirmed as President - elect Barack Obama 's secretary of state .
" The governor has not yet reached out to any potential candidates , " said Paterson 's spokesman , Errol Cockfield .
" He has been approached by several candidates .
Any discussions related to that selection are private and the governor will not comment about speculation before a decision is made . "
Word of the conversation comes days after Kennedy 's cousin , Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , announced he was not interested in the job — a move that sidesteps any messy interfamily competition .
Whoever Paterson appoints would serve for two years and then have to run in a special election in 2010 , along with Paterson and New York 's senior senator , Charles Schumer .
The candidate would then have to run again in 2012 .
ZURICH ( Reuters ) - U.S. prosecutors are expanding their investigation into whether UBS AG helped tens of thousands of Americans avoid paying taxes , the Wall Street Journal said , citing several people involved in the case .
A Swiss flag is seen in front of an UBS logo on Swiss bank UBS headquarters in Zurich in this November 15 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Christian Hartmann / Files
U.S. tax investigators believe the number of American clients that the Swiss bank helped to avoid taxes could be much higher than the previously disclosed estimate of about 17,000 , the people told the paper .
Investigators are also looking into whether other parts of UBS besides the wealth - management unit were involved in helping clients avoid U.S. taxes , the paper said , citing the people .
By 1000 GMT , UBS shares traded up 2.3 percent at 14.30 Swiss francs , underperforming a 3.2 percent rise in the DJ Stoxx European banks index .
UBS is in a round of talks with the U.S. Justice Department to avert a possible felony indictment by admitting to criminal conduct and paying a penalty in the range of $ 1.2 billion , the people told the paper .
A Justice Department declined to comment to the paper .
The Justice Department could not be immediately reached for comment by Reuters .
A UBS spokesperson told Reuters the bank would not comment on the issues raised in the article .
The spokesperson noted that UBS has admitted “ publicly , and on several occasions ” that employees in the U.S. cross border business had breached compliance practices , and expressed regret for the conduct of these employees .
Earlier this month , analysts had said UBS was likely to seek a swift deal with U.S. authorities to end the tax probe .
RBS global banking and markets analyst Tom Jenkins said he did not expect the financial impact on UBS to be significant .
UBS said in November it had discovered a few cases of tax fraud as part of the U.S. inquiry into whether it helped Americans dodge taxes through accounts in Switzerland .
The SNB has eased O/N rates to - 0.5 % this morning .
The race is on to be the first Cbank to have Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœZeroÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ borrowing costs .
Globally we are suppose to be in a technical recession , only one Cbank admits that they are in recession and that Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s the BOC ( Governor Carney take a bow - your government does not see it that way ) .
Because of information flow , the spiraling speed of this recession is quickening .
Forgetting the ostrich syndrome , which many continue to suffer from , what is actually working ?
What program that has been implemented over the past 8 - months is achieving its objective ?
Will we move from a recession to a depression ?
We need some sort of reality check at this point !
The US $ is weaker in the O/N trading session .
Currently it is lower against 11 of the 16 most actively traded currencies , in another Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœwhippyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trading range .
Very little fundamental data this week has provided any support for the greenback .
The US auto aid package potentially failing in the Senate has once again put the currency under renewed pressure .
With global bourses advancing ( mind you volume is questionable ) the perception of increasing risk appetite has had a negative impact on the USD .
This morningÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s data should provide further pressure , but month end and year end adjustments always have an unusual impact .
The Fed is considering issuing its own debt for the first time , a move that would give Bernanke and Co. additional flexibility as it tries to stabilize these financial markets .
Historically Government debt issuance is largely the responsibility of the Treasury department .
To date , the Fed already can print as much money as it wants .
But as the credit crisis drags on and the economy suffers from this deep recession , Fed officials are looking Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœbroadly for new financial toolsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
The ballooning balance sheet is presenting complications for the Fed .
It has grown from less than $ 900 b to more than $ 2t since Aug .
The end result , with the additional cash it will make it more difficult for the Fed to maintain interest rates at Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœtheirÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ desired level and cause inflation to be the main issue .
So far we are not even taking the legal implications into account , the Fed vs. the Treasury !
The US$ currently is lower against the EUR +0.48 % , GBP +0.83 % , CHF +0.21 % and lower against JPY + 0.42 % .
The commodity currencies are stronger this morning , CAD +0.33 % and AUD +0.19 % .
The loonie advanced vs. its southern neighbor as global equities and commodities rallied .
So far this year the currency has depreciated - 21 % this year .
Prices of commodities , which generate about half CanadaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s export revenue , have plummeted as a global recession reduced demand .
This week Governor Carney from the BOC delivered an unexpected Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœdeep interest rateÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ cut .
The market expected 50 bp , the economy warranted 75 bp and Carney pushed rates to a new 50 - year low of 1.5 % vs. 2.25 % .
In his communiquÃ ƒÂ© he signaled that more action may be needed as economic growth sputters in a Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœbroader and deeperÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ global slump .
According to the BOC , the Canadian economy has entered a recession and his Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœdovishÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ tone coupled with weaker economic data of late leads me to believe that the currency is capable of making an assault on this year lows before year end .
The political and economic dynamics will push the currency towards 1.3300 in the medium term .
Last week the unsettling political debacle in Ottawa has forced PM Harper to suspend Parliament to stave off a no confidence vote before he introduces the budget to the house in late Jan .
Look for traders to be better buyers of USD on pull backs , of course all this could change after OPEC meet next week !
The AUD dollar advanced in the O/N session after regional bourses stayed in positive , fueling speculation that investors may increase their holdings of higher - yielding assets .
The Australian employment showed that the economy shred - 15.6 k jobs down under , very much in line with expectation .
Other data this week has provided some support for the currency , consumer confidence increased for the 2nd month in a row ( due to the deep cuts by the RBA ) and home loan approvals gained in Oct. for the first time in 9 - months .
To date the currency has remained better bid on pull backs as investors continue to speculate that Cbank interest rate cuts around the world will bolster economic growth ( 0.6616 ) .
Crude is higher O/N ( $ 44.94 up +142c ) .
It was looking good for crude bulls early on yesterday until the weekly EIA report showed that inventories of gas and distillate fuel , a category that includes heating oil and diesel unexpectedly jumped .
Earlier in the day oil climbed aggressively higher as investors speculated deep coordinated production cuts by Russia and OPEC would be implemented .
Gas stockpiles rose +3.7 m barrels to +202.7 m w/w , while distillate inventories climbed + 5.6 m to +130.6 m barrels .
They were anticipated to fall - 400 k barrels and distillate supplies by - 1.5 m respectively .
Inventories of crude rose +392 k barrels to +320.8 m ( analysts had anticipated a 10th consecutive increase of + 1.3 m barrels ) .
Refineries operated at 87.4 % of capacity and were up +3.1 % from last week .
The 4 - week US fuel consumption averaged + 19.3 m barrels a day , that Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s down - 6.1 % for the same period last year .
The Russian energy minister supposedly spoke with OPEC and will announce proposals for cutting output by Dec.17 , when OPEC also meets .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s expected that the group will reduce production by as much as +2.5 m barrels a day .
Earlier this week the US energy department stated that global demand will decline this year for the first time in 25 - years .
They anticipate that oil consumption will average +85.75 m barrels a day , down - 50 k barrels from 2007 .
They also believe that demand will average + 85.3 m barrels a day in 2009 , down - 0.5 % from this year .
The 2009 demand estimate is - 630 k lower than they forecasted just one month ago .
This will lead to a tug of war between demand destruction and OPEC production destruction .
Demand is certainly putting a cap on prices and OPEC has it back very much against the wall , last months Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœcutÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ has had very little impact so far .
OPEC wants and needs prices between $ 70 and $ 80 a barrel , a desired level at which one can invest .
Gold prices have rallied as the greenback has pared many of last weekÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s gains and commodities have advanced , thus increasing the appeal of the Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœyellow metalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ as an alternative investment ( $ 821 ) .
Perhaps gold prices are beginning to adjust to excess printing of money ?
The Nikkei closed 8,720 up +60 .
The DAX index in Europe was at 4,771 down - 33 ; the FTSE ( UK ) currently is 4,358 down - 8 .
The early call for the open of key US indices is lower .
The 10 - year Treasury yields backed up 2 bp yesterday ( 2.68 % ) and are little changed in the O/N session .
Treasury prices remain soft ahead of this weekÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s $ 16 b 10 - year auction of new Government debt .
Investors are concerned that the governmentÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s need to fund the financial systemÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s rescue will flood the market with debt , and by default want to cheapen the curve .
Currently the market is priced very Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœrichlyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ after all of the recent bad news .
This week we have already witnessed 1 - month US T - bills trading in negative territory as investors sought the safety of US debt amid the worse financial crisis in 80 - years .
As discussed earlier in the week , year end demand has very much exasperated the situation as companies want to shore up balance sheets before the New Year .
Traders are raising their bets that the Fed will ease by 75 bp on Dec 16th .
This article is for general information purposes only .
It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities .
Opinions are the authors ; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , officers or directors .
Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all .
You could lose all of your deposited funds .
Gordon Brown today confronted Pakistan over its record of exporting terrorism , revealing that three quarters of serious plots investigated in the UK were connected to the country .
The prime minister arrived in Islamabad to announce that British police now want to interview the surviving suspect in the Mumbai terror attacks , as part of broader inquiries into the extremist group blamed for the atrocity , Lashkar - e - Taiba .
In private talks he also questioned Pakistan 's president , Ali Asif Zardari , over what action could be taken to eradicate training camps based in Pakistan through which woud - be suicide bombers from Britain have passed .
Brown offered assistance in tracing and shutting them down .
" Three quarters of the most serious plots investigated by the British authorities have links to al - Qaida in Pakistan .
Our aim must be to work together to do everything in our power to cut off terrorism , '" he told a press conference in Islamabad .
In return , Brown offered a new pact between the two countries to combat terrorism " to make sure terrorists are denied any safe haven in Pakistan " .
This would involve British help to Pakistan with training in bomb disposal , airport security , anti-car bomb measures and a £ 6 m - package to counteract radicalisation and bolster democratic institutions in return for cooperation in the investigation .
One of the July 7 2005 London bombers , Mohammed Siddique Khan , was among key terror suspects known to have travelled to Pakistan ahead of committing atrocities , and the well - trodden trail leading from the UK 's northern cities to the mosques , madrassas and jihadi camps of Pakistan is causing increasing concern .
Brown has spoken repeatedly in recent days of wanting to break a " chain of terror " , leading from the region back to Europe .
The increase in pressure from the international community on Pakistan to curb jihadi activities followed Brown 's talks with both the Indian prime minister , Mahoman Singh , and the Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , on Friday and Saturday .
The Indian government is concerned that while Pakistan has clamped down on Lashkar - e - Taiba now in response to international outrage , in the past it has taken action which fizzled out once international attention faded .
Brown also passed on concerns from Karzai over terrorists infiltrating Afghanistan via the Pakistani border , after his Saturday trip to the frontline in Helmand province .
The deaths of four royal marines last week , three of them in an incident involving a child bomber , has ensured Afghanistan cast a longer shadow than expected over the trip .
British police look to interview Mumbai suspect
Meanwhile , government sources said Scotland Yard 's interest in interviewing the surviving suspected gunman Ajmal Amir Kasab , a Pakistani national now in custody in India , stemmed not only from the death of a British national in Mumbai , but from inquiries into the activities of Lashkar - e - Taiba and other attacks potentially linked to the militant group .
They believe Kasab may be useful in building up a picture of the web of organisations linked to al - Qaida currently operating out of Pakistan .
Brown said British police could attempt to pursue suspects in Pakistan as a result of their developing inquiries , adding he had asked the president if he would be prepared to allow that .
Zardari however gave no guarantees today .
Zardari insisted at a press conference in Islamabad today that his government was cooperating with the investigation into the Mumbai attacks , adding : " Terrorism and extremism is a common problem which requires collaborative efforts .
Problems are not specific to one country . "
Pakistan has said it will respond in more detail when the Indian government shares more details of their investigations so far .
Brown said that it was now known Lashakar - e - Taiba was behind the attacks and " they have a great deal to answer for " .
A History Of Porn For Women
Porn for women is sexually explicit material – photos , movies and written content – designed expressly for a female audience .
It 's sometimes known as erotica for women .
This article aims to give a history of porn for women , covering the major developments , producers , participants and associated philosophies behind it .
Introduction and Definitions
First , to definitions because I 've learnt the hard way that the term " porn for women " can sometimes upset people , so it helps to be clear what it means .
Obviously porn means sexually explicit material designed to arouse the viewer - movies , websites , magazines , photos and books .
With regards to the word women , it helps to be specific .
In this case I 'm talking about heterosexual cisgender women , mainly because that 's where I 've focused my research and career .
Also because that 's the commonly understood group for whom the word " women " applies .
That little word " for " is also important .
It 's all about defining and pleasing the audience and that 's one of the main points about porn for women as a genre .
I like to think it 's not about content ; rather , it 's about making a space and speaking to a specific audience , about acknowledging women as an audience , validating their experiences and fantasies .
In the last couple of years a more useful term has emerged , that of the female gaze .
This is the idea that all media inherently includes a gendered point of view .
A great deal of the media we consume assumes that the audience is male or gives priority to the male viewpoint .
That 's why using sex to sell things usually involves a sexy woman , not a sexy man .
The female gaze takes the opposite perspective and gives priority to women .
It makes assumptions about what the female viewer wants to see and ignores the point of view of the men in the audience .
History
So .
The history of porn for women really only spans forty years , at least in terms of our modern definitions of pornography .
Just to give a bit of background , pornography as a concept is relatively new .
Humans have been depicting erotic and explicit acts throughout history , from the Venus of Willendorf through to the murals of Pompeii , the prints of the Japanese and Kama Sutra .
It 's really only in the 1800s that the idea of sexually explicit material as " obscenity " began to emerge .
Inherent to this definition was the idea that porn was fit only for upper class men .
Part and parcel of the concept of pornography was the Victorian idea that women needed to be protected from it because we 're too delicate .
As photography emerged as the new gold standard for the creation of erotic material , the idea that porn was a man 's domain became cemented in cultural consciousness .
Photos of naked women designed for a male audience , often with an impersonal focus , became the stereotypical idea of what porn was about .
Tied to this was the double standard and the cultural expectation that women just were n't very interested in sex .
" Women Are n't Visual "
Porn for women is a relatively new concept .
For most of the twentieth century it was assumed that women were not interested in graphic depictions of sex .
In Sexual Behaviour in the Human Female , Dr Alfred Kinsey reported that 88 % of women " never " responded to nude photographs .
He concluded that :
" ... many females find the male genitalia ugly or repulsive in appearance ... there seems no doubt that these reactions largely depend on the fact that most females are not psychologically stimulated , as males are , by objects which are associated with sex . "
He also said : " It seems likely that most females are indifferent or antagonistic to the existence of such material because it means nothing to them erotically . "
Kinsey did , however , concede that " there are almost no male or female nudes which are produced for the consumption of females . "
The popular belief that " women are n't visually stimulated " meant that very few commercial operations bothered to create porn for a female audience .
It was generally considered that romance novels were the female equivalent of men's porn , and that slightly risqué descriptions of sex , with plenty of euphemisms thrown in , were all that women wanted .
The 1970s changed all that .
Women 's liberation , arriving fast on the heels of the sexual revolution of the 60s , saw a new vision of women 's sexuality emerge .
Sexual pioneers such as Betty Dodson encouraged women to discover themselves through masturbation and Nancy Friday revealed the hitherto - unknown world of female sexual fantasy in her book My Secret Garden .
In April 1972 , Helen Gurley Brown , editor of Cosmopolitan , took the unprecedented step of including a male centerfold in her women 's magazine .
The near - naked photo of Burt Reynolds heralded the start of a new age for women 's erotica , one that aimed to turn the tables on traditional porn by offering photos of unclothed , sexualised men created purely for an admiring female eye .
Australian women 's magazine Cleo followed Cosmo's lead in November 1972 with a near - nude centerfold of actor Jack Thompson .
Numerous celebrity spreads followed , but , on the whole , male centerfolds in women 's magazines did not normally feature full - frontal nudity .
Playgirl
In 1973 Playgirl magazine , the female equivalent of the hugely popular Playboy , was launched .
It promptly sold out of its print run of 600,000 copies .
The first centerfold was Lyle Waggoner ( Major Steve Trevor from Wonder Woman ) in June 1973 .
Waggoner 's spread did not feature full nudity and this resulted in complaints from disappointed female readers .
Playgirl promptly gave them what they wanted with a fully nude George Maharis .
The title has continued to provide full - frontal nudity in their photo spreads , except for a brief lapse in 1987 – a decision which saw the magazine 's fan base collapse .
The editors re-instated the nude in 1988 .
Playgirl was the first magazine to concern itself primarily with female sexuality , often featuring articles on techniques , problems and sexual health .
The magazine also featured erotica written by its readers , and photos of amateur men sent in by wives and girlfriends .
Despite the magazine being aimed at heterosexual women , Playgirl 's editors admitted in 2005 that around 50 % of the readership base were gay men .
In 2010 a spokesman confirmed that the readership is predominantly male .
In 2003 Playgirl launched a pay - per- view TV channel , PlaygirlTV which featured erotic movies for women made by female directors .
PlaygirlTV also went online in 2006 after having been legally prevented from doing so since 2000 .
Crescent Publishing , the company behind Playgirl , had been convicted of credit card fraud committed primarily through the Playgirl site and was thus not allowed to create a branded site for the magazine .
In 2009 the magazine stopped publishing its print edition , announcing an intention to focus on its website and movies .
This decision was reversed in 2010 with the announcement that Levi Johnstone , Sarah Palin 's ex - son - in - law , was posing nude for the magazine .
In November 2010 Playboy TV relaunched its cable TV channel with the aim of offering more female - friendly content .
Other adult magazines for women
There have been a number of magazines for women that followed the Playgirl format .
Australian Women 's Forum offered male centrefolds and amateur men as well as articles about sex , erotic fiction and a Penthouse - style letters section .
The magazine ran from 1990 to 2001 , when increasing censorship and falling circulation saw it close .
In Britain , For Women magazine first appeared in 1992 .
It also featured nude male centrefolds , including several celebrities .
The magazine ran for several years and was the subject of a number of academic studies into how women reacted to porn , but is now defunct .
In January 2004 the independently produced Sweet Action magazine was launched .
Based in New York with a staff of four , the magazine aimed to offer an alternative vision of " porn for girls . "
The magazine folded after 4 issues .
In 2006 Gluck magazine arrived on the scene in Germany .
The mag is run by two women , Nicole Rudiger and Elke Kuhlen .
With a similar " indie " outlook to Sweet Action , the title features non-mainstream male models .
Scarlet magazine was a UK - based title that offered written erotica along with standard women 's articles on health , fashion and beauty .
It was edited by Emily Dubberly of Cliterati.com , an online erotica magazine , and ceased production in 2010 .
Filament magazine - " the thinking woman 's crumpet " - was launched in 2009 in the UK by New Zealander Suraya Singh .
The quarterly magazine featured a variety of articles and pictorials of naked men .
Suraya conducted online research into what women wanted to see .
The result was a decidedly " un-beefcake " aesthetic with thinner males and moody lighting .
Filament ran its last issue in 2011 .
Candida Royalle
Ex-porn star Candida Royalle broke new ground in 1984 with the creation of her adult film company , Femme Productions .
Royalle and her partners made Femme , the first porn movie made specifically for heterosexual women .
The film offered seven vignettes depicting what Candida considered to be typical female fantasies , and deliberately went against porn dogma by refusing to include cum shots .
Released with no advertising , the film sold well , surprising various naysayers who believed that women would not buy porn .
Two other films followed in 1985 , including the award - winning Christine 's Secret .
At time of writing , Femme Productions has released 17 films , including several with feature directors such as Annie Sprinkle and Veronica Hart .
Most of her films feature storylines and realistic characters .
There are less genital close - ups than standard porn , but more foreplay and emotional buildup .
The focus is always on female pleasure and fantasy , even if the sex is relatively softcore .
" It is not necessarily explicit sex that makes a scene hot , " Candida says on her website .
" It is the energy of the two people involved : are they really into what they 're doing ?
Are they honestly enjoying each other ?
Is there real heat here ? "
The Femme films have been recommended by sex therapists as the sort of sex - positive erotica that couples should use together and they have been used as part of several experiments researching the responses of women to porn ( see below ) .
In the last couple of years Candida has stepped back from directing with the aim of encouraging a new generation of female directors to create porn for women .
Caribbean Heat , released in 2005 , featured new talent Manuela Sabrosa behind the camera , with Candida taking on the role of executive producer .
Afrodite Superstar ( 2006 ) , directed by Venus Hottentot , is the first in the Femme Chocolat series that aims to create porn for women of colour .
Other porn movies for women
Since Femme first appeared on the scene , major porn studios have made little attempt to follow in Candida Royalle 's footsteps .
The " couples porn " genre is the token gesture made toward female viewers ; these films usually offer a plot but the sex is formulaic and still very much made for men .
A number of female directors have stepped up to the plate with the intention of creating porn films expressly for straight women .
In 1997 Puzzy Power , an offshoot of Lars Von Trier 's Danish film company , was launched .
They aimed to make porn for straight women .
In 1998 they made Constance , followed by Pink Prison .
Their major film All About Anna was released in the US by Wicked in 2005
In 1999 Marianna Beck and Jack Hafferkamp , editors of Libido magazine , moved into film .
Their first production , Ecstatic Moments , was aimed at women as well as men who wanted to see something different .
They made another 3 films .
Sex educator Tristant Taormino directed her first adult film ( The Ultimate Guide To Anal Sex For Women ) in 2000 and has since gone on to direct a range of groundbreaking female - friendly films for major porn studios .
In 2004 Estelle Joseph used her own cash to create City of Flesh , a porn movie set in New York and based on her own sexual fantasies and those of her female friends .
Stella Films Productions ( formerly Red Light Interactive ) have since made another five City of Flesh films , all created for a female audience .
The films are vignette - style pieces with a distinct urban viewpoint , and the sex is hardcore .
Inpulse Digital was launched in the same year .
Originally intended only as a pay - tv channel , it has morphed into a film production company .
It 's first feature was Velvet Thrust , starring porn star Julian .
The aim behind Inpulse was to create porn " for women who love men . "
The idea was to shoot adult movies featuring good - looking male porn stars and ensure that the camera focused on the man , not the woman .
Inpulse has since released two other films .
Producer and Director Nina Lennox – who has worked for Inpulse - has also created her own porn for women company , Lennox Films , and released a number of titles under her own steam , including Ranch House Lust .
These films , like those of Inpulse , focus mainly on the male porn stars , although they do not feature female orgasms .
Spanish filmmaker Erika
Lust made waves in 2004 with her short film The Good Girl , an indie porn movie for women .
After meeting resistance within the porn industry to her product , she posted the film online for free in 2006 under a Creative Commons license .
Erika has since created a major erotic production company in Spain and has several feature films and books to her credit .
British filmmaker Petra Joy released Sexual Sushi in 2005 and has since released 2 other features and a documentary .
Other filmmakers such as Jennifer Lyon Bell , Anna Brownfield , Anna Span , Tina Tyler , Mimi Balfour , Nica Noelle and myself have all created films designed for straight women .
Since 2006 the Feminist Porn Awards , run by Canadian adult store Good For Her , has sought to recognise female - friendly and feminist adult movies .
Porn websites for women
The internet launched a revolution for women 's porn .
The twin benefits of privacy and easy access meant that women were able to access porn without embarrassment or harassment .
The first subscription porn site for women was Purve , launched in 1998 by an Australian webmistress .
The New York Times called it " something of a cultural signpost . "
Purve featured photos of naked men culled from gay content providers , plus erotic fiction and articles .
The site no longer offers subscriptions .
A number of other large online adult companies created their own websites for women , including Womens Porno and Just for Ladies , but overall the general view remained that women would not pay for porn online .
A few subscription sites were actually gay sites masquerading as women 's erotica .
Ladylynx , a linklist and portal appeared in 1999 .
This site aimed to help heterosexual women find porn specifically made for them .
Kara 's Links , another directory , has been online since 2002 .
In 2003 For The Girls was launched .
The site , run by myself and another webmistress , loosely models itself on Australian Women 's Forum , offering a blend of sexually explicit content and a women 's magazine .
For
The Girls features movies and photos of naked men as well as hardcore heterosexual couples , a smaller selection of diverse couples and kink along with erotic fiction , articles , reviews and advice .
My blog and link site Ms Naughty first went online in 2004 , providing a linklist , ezine and blog – the latter offering the latest news and information about porn for women .
The internet has also proved a boon for women looking to buy porn videos and adult products .
Female - friendly sites like Toys In Babeland and Good Vibrations offer women the ability to discreetly buy sex toys and adult movies online without stress .
Research into women 's reactions to porn
There has not been a great deal of study into women 's arousal patterns and response to stimulus , particularly when it comes to porn , but some research has been done in the last decade .
Candida Royalle 's film Urban Heat was used in a research experiment by Professor Ellen Laan at the University of Amsterdam in Holland in 1995 .
She found that women responded physically to standard porn as well as Royalle 's women 's erotica , but their subjective reactions were far more positive and accepting with regards to the Femme film .
Laan concluded that physical signs were not the best indicators of female arousal .
In 2001 Professor Michael Bailey conducted research into what kind of audio visual content women found arousing .
He tested 29 straight female volunteers at Northwestern University , showing them a variety of hetero and lesbian porn and testing their physical reactions via a vaginal probe .
He found that his volunteers became aroused no matter what kind of porn they were viewing and concluded that women would respond sexually to any kind of erotic material , not matter what their sexual orientation .
Researchers from the Stanford University School of Medicine in California found that women became fully aroused within two minutes of watching a sexually explicit film – faster than the average man .
Twenty female volunteers aged between 20 and 30 were each shown a 22 minute erotic clip featuring two different hetero couples having sex , while their breathing and genitals were monitored .
It did n't matter whether the clips had sound or not , the women still became aroused .
The results were published in 2003 in the journal " Fertility and Sterility . "
Porn for women statistics
· In October 2003 , Neilsen Netratings revealed that 27 % of porn users ( around 1 in 3 ) were women .
The statistics have been similar
In subsequent surveys
· In 2011 preliminary research from a major study of porn use by Dr Clarissa Smith et al found that young women ( aged 18 - 25 ) were more likely to use porn than males of the same age ( more info here ) .
· In 2007 , Nielsen Netratings found that 1 in 3 Australian porn viewers are women , with 4.3 million Aussies accessing online smut in May alone .
· In the same month , 13 million American women looked at online porn .
· In May 2006 , Neilsen Netratings revealed that there 'd been a 30 % increase in the number of British women using online porn in the past year .
· A 2007 online survey by Adultshop.com found 52 % of females said they watched erotic films to help them get “ in the mood ” either to have sex with their partner , or alone .
· In 2007 Esquire found that women surfed the net for porn an average of 11 and a half hours per week .
· In 2008 a book called The Sex Lives of Australian Women said that 1 in 4 will look at porn at least once a month .
· In 2009 , Theresa Flynt , vice president of marketing for Hustler video , said that women accounted for 56 % of business at her company 's video stores .
· In 2012 , a poll of over 500 French women found that 84 % had watched porn , 50 % of them on their own .
· 32 million women visited at least one porn site in January 2004 alone
· According to Internet Filter Review , 13 % of women are accessing porn at work .
· A survey by Today 's Christian Woman revealed that 34 % of their female readers had intentionally indulged in porn
· According to a survey of over 77,000 people by MSNBC , 34 % of couples in long term relationships have used porn to spice up their sex life
· In 1998 Media Matrix reported that nearly 20 % of female internet users had visited a sex site .
· In a 1987 Redbook survey of over 26,000 female respondents , nearly half stated that they regularly used porn .
Modern misconceptions and debates about porn for women
Misconceptions remain when it comes to porn for women .
A large number of people still maintain that women are n't visually stimulated .
Many within the porn industry itself also believe that women will not buy porn , even if it does arouse them .
There 's also debate as to what actually constitutes " porn for women . "
In the last few years , a perception has developed that women 's erotica equals soft focus , " unthreatening " , romance - based porn , with an emphasis on simple male - female intercourse .
This perception has produced it 's own backlash .
A number of women , including columnist Violet Blue , have said they are offended by the very idea of " porn for women " because it suggests that women are only turned on by softcore hetero sex and that they may be too fragile for more extreme sex acts .
These commentators assert that , as women , they are turned on by many things , including hardcore porn , and thus the idea of women 's porn is redundant , because it is impossible to identify what every woman wants .
Others have suggested that the vision offered by " women 's erotica " is stereotypical because it relies on outdated gender roles and old - fashioned notions of romantic love .
There is also the concern that the phrase makes assumptions about the audience and about the sexuality and gender of the women .
It 's a fair comment .
The very notion of one single pornography that all women will like is a nonsense , of course .
Women are just as diverse as men in what they want to see ; you can't define porn for women according to content .
Not all women like beefcake centerfolds .
Not all women want to perve at naked men .
Some women want sensuality and kissing , others want rough sex or BDSM .
I 've always worked with the assumption that women are put off by the sexist language and almost hateful portrayal of sex that appears in some gonzo porn .
Yet I acknowledge there are women who get off on that kind of thing .
A couple of years back the porn blogoverse exploded in an argument about whether gagging blowjobs of facial cumshots could be considered feminist .
I think the final conclusion was that context makes all the difference : if the actress involved is enjoying it and the audience wants to see it , why not ?
Porn for lesbian and queer women
While porn for heterosexual women has been making slow progress , erotica for lesbian women has been forging its own path , often emerging earlier and depicting a very different kind of viewpoint .
On Our Backs magazine was created in 1984 by Debi Sundahl and Nan Kinney , assisted by sex columnist Susie Bright .
It 's purpose was to offer sex - positive erotica for lesbians and to offer an alternative to the anti-porn feminist agenda of the time .
The magazine underwent a publishing hiatus in 1994 due to financial difficulties but resumed in 1998 and is still going strong .
Fatale Media , owned by Sundahl , has produced a number of authentic lesbian porn titles including Hard Love and Turn Me Up , Over and On .
In Europe , Maria Beatty has been creating fetish and kink - themed lesbian films since 1995 and runs her own membership website .
Ssspread was an online lesbian porn site that offered hardcore dyke erotica – " hot femmes , studly butches , and lots of gender fuck . "
It closed in 2004 but the movies from the site are available on DVD in Full Load : Scenes from ssspread .
Scarlet Letters , run by Heather Corinna , has been online since 1998 and offers a queer - based selection of erotica and articles , although unfortunately it has n't been updated since 2004 .
Cyberdyke is a collection of subscription websites showcasing authentic lesbian porn .
The photos and movies depict a variety of lesbian fetishes and fantasies , including some of the more hardcore elements such as BDSM and anal play .
Since 2005 there 's been an explosion of erotic films made for lesbian and queer women .
Directors such as Shine Louise Houston and Emile Jouvet , queer performers and website creators such as Madison Young , Jiz Lee and Courtney Trouble are really expanding the boundaries of porn , offering their own aesthetic and vision of what is sexy .
Shine Louise Houston has also expanded online with her site The Crash Pad Series and Pink Label DVD .
Canadian Bren Ryder also has a membership site called Good Dyke Porn .
Courtney Trouble has a number of sites that are n't specifically lesbian but queer .
The oldest is NoFauxxx - now Indie Porn Revolution - which was launched in 2002 .
Women and gay porn
Some women say their preferred porn is gay porn .
The reasons behind this are varied : some say the men are better looking while others say that gay porn is devoid of the gender roles , degradation and power play inherent in much standard straight porn .
There is also the appeal of watching men being intimate with one another , a sight usually denied women in a homophobic society .
. A now - defunct magazine called Syzygy presented gay scenarios aimed at a straight female audience .
It featured " slash " fiction or yaoi - erotica featuring gay sex and male - male romances , a genre that is popular with women .
Feminist Porn
In the last few years the term " feminist porn " has come to be an inclusive catch - all for new - wave , independent , feminist porn productions .
This includes porn created for a female audience .
Many directors prefer the term " feminist porn " to " porn for women " because it is more inclusive and does n't make any assumptions about audience , content or aesthetics .
For a longer and more comprehensive discussion of the subject please read my article Fabulous Feminist Porn .
The future of porn for women
As more porn producers acknowledge their female audience and more women work behind the camera , a new kind of porn may emerge .
Female consumers are starting to demand a wider diversity of content and more filmmakers , writers and photographers are attempting to articulate their own vision of what is sexy .
I keep coming back to the idea of the female gaze and defining the audience .
It 's that word " for " again .
As long as you 're making something specifically FOR women , then it 's porn for women .
It 's possible that the concept of " porn for women " may be redundant in the future .
But I do n't think we 're up to that yet .
I also defend the phrase because it 's still about making a space in a male dominated landscape .
Women still feel alienated by a lot of mainstream porn .
I like to use the term to raise a flag and gain attention .
Here !
Here 's something that you might like , that at least talks to you and respects you .
It may not be your thing but it 's here if you want it .
Want to know more ?
Please visit :
Ms Naughty Blog
Bright Desire
For The Girls
Porn Movies For Women
Feminist Porn Guide
This article was originally written in 2006
It was last updated January 2013
Parts of this article were included in my presentation " Girly Smut : A History of Porn for Women " at the Erotic Screen and Sound Conference , February 2011 and also in " Making and Debating Porn for Women " at the Feminist Porn Conference , April 2013 ( watch the video of that here )
+ Back to Ms Naughty Articles
Back to Ms Naughty Main Linklist Page
Back to Ms Naughty Blog
What ’s the integrity of your organic milk ?
The Cornucopia Institute ’s Organic Dairy Products Scorecard pulls no punches in its ratings of organic milk producers .
[ social_buttons ]
Which brands are at the bottom ?
The factory farms of Horizon , Aurora , Woodstock , Natural Prairie , and Shamrock .
The recently updated Organic Dairy Scorecard rates 107 organic dairy producers based on their answers to an in - depth survey asking about :
the milk supply source ( farmstead or open market )
( farmstead or open market ) the amount of pasture time for the herd
time for the herd the use of hormones and antibiotics
the health and longevity of the cows ( cull rate )
of the cows ( cull rate ) the source of replacement animals ( organic or conventional farms )
( organic or conventional farms ) their organic farm certifier
“ Consumers who pay premium prices for organic products do so believing that they are produced with a different kind of environmental ethic , a different kind of animal husbandry ethic , and social justice for family farmers .
But not all organic dairy products are alike . ” – Mark Kastel , Senior Farm Policy Analyst , Cornucopia Institute
In an exposé of factory farm dairy producers and the brands that threaten to take over the organic dairy industry , Cornucopia ’s scorecard helps consumers all over the country to select foods best representing their values .
The top ratings for organic dairy producers with nationwide distribution go to these brands :
Organic Valley Co-operative
This Land Is Your Land
365 Organic ( Whole Foods )
Wild Oats
Wegman’s
All of the bottom tier producers refused to answer the survey questions , and some of them run the biggest factory - farm feedlot dairies “ masquerading as organic . ”
Many of the lowest ratings went to “ private label ” organic brands supplying these stores :
Costco
Giant
Kroger
Safeway
Trader Joe’s
Target
Fresh and Easy ( TESCO )
Publix
Cornucopia Institute recently filed legal complaints seeking USDA enforcement action against Shamrock Farms and Rockview Farms , citing violations of organic livestock management rules .
“ When Cornucopia staff visited Shamrock ’s operation we found inadequate , overgrazed pasture adjacent to their milking facility , and we were told by Shamrock employees that the confined cows had not been out in weeks .
Just like Shamrock , Rockview ’s phony - baloney organic farm primarily confines their cattle in a massive feedlot milking both organic and conventional cows . ” – Mark Kastel
So what ’s the integrity of your organic milk ?
Look it up on the Organic Dairy Ratings Scorecard .
Read the full report “ Maintaining the Integrity of Organic Milk “ , a PDF download from Cornucopia Institute .
What do you support when you buy your favorite brand of organic milk ?
Ethical family farm producers with transparency in their operations , or factory farms with massive herds and sketchy practices ?
Image : chefranden at Flickr under Creative Commons License
Want to not get run over by motorized carriages while cycling , but afraid to look like a nerd with all the reflectors ?
Enter Scotchlite 680 , a vinyl that reflects white only in the light .
Advertisement
Michael Mandiberg turned his ride into the Bright Bike by layering it with adhesive Scotchlite 680 , for a dark - as - the - Batmobile look by day , and a safe reflective glow by night .
You can order Scotchlite 680 at Beacon Graphics in New Jersey or wherever fine signage materials are sold .
[ Bright Bike via Core 77 ]
A hospital in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
An outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo has put neighboring countries on alert .
At least 12 have died so far in the country ’s fourth Ebola outbreak since 1976 .
The highly infectious disease , for which there is no known cure , kills approximately 80 percent of those infected .
Angola has closed parts of its border with the Congo in an effort to prevent the spread of the disease , and Ugandan immigration officials have been asked to closely monitor people crossing the border .
Uganda experienced an outbreak of Ebola last year .
During that period , bloggers and doctors Scott and Jennifer Myhre in Bundibugyo wrote about losing a friend , Dr. Jonah Kule , to Ebola , and about hospital protocol with possibly - infected patients .
The “ Ebola in DRC ” blog , written by members of Doctors Without Borders , provided a firsthand account of an Ebola outbreak in Congo last year , including efforts to disinfect villages and contain the disease by contacting families of victims .
Blogger “ Woody , ” a humanitarian worker in Congo , discusses the current outbreak , writing that even more Congolese die as a result of extreme poverty and lack of basic healthcare .
American blogger “ Thomas ” writes that the outbreak would not have occurred had the international community acted to end the conflict in Congo long ago .
Blogger “ Greg Laden ” writes about recent scientific discoveries that he hopes could lead to the development of a treatment for Ebola .
View an interactive map of disease hotspots in DR Congo and elsewhere in Africa here .
Photo courtesy of Flickr user cyclopsr under a Creative Commons license .
Obama and his economic team are pushing hard for hundreds of billions of dollars in government spending and tax cuts to boost the economy .
Now that the House has approved over $ 800 billion to juice the economy , it 's clear that some of the money will quickly and directly affect most Americans ' lives , while other spending is intended to produce either longer - term , less tangible benefits or is targeted at narrower segments of the population such as the unemployed .
Although the sum is huge , the money is n't intended to turn the economy around , but to keep it from falling even further into decay .
Detractors say spending on stimulus will do little more than drive the country deeper into debt .
Many Republicans are arguing for a plan heavier on tax cuts and lighter on government spending .
They 'll push those ideas when the plan is debated in the Senate .
But supporters - including most Democrats and President Obama - say it would ultimately cost the United States more - in the form of lost jobs , economic output and lost tax revenue - to delay .
They want the plan enacted quickly .
Here 's how some of the billions in the House stimulus bill could change your life .
This is not a complete list of the spending , and the numbers are approximate and will likely change before any bill is enacted .
If you like the Windows - based Enigma Desktop Customization created by reader Kaelri but you 're running Linux , we 've got good news : Enigma has been ported to Linux .
Advertisement
This time the desktop customization comes from reader kremso , who — inspired by Kaelri 's Enigma desktop — decided to port the design for the Linux crowd .
The desktop includes :
Simple calendar - I even considered adding google calendar events using gcalcli
RSS news
Remember The Milk tasks
Weather Forecast
and system stats
Check out the post for a detailed setup guide .
The ported Enigma does n't currently support every feature available in Enigma , but it 's a great start .
The Enigma for Linux scripts and background files are a free download , Linux only .
Nice work , kresmo !
Advertisement
Enigma ported to Linux [ java.net .
Blog ]
Designer Joshua Callaghan has achieved perfection in mimicry .
He decorates walls , shop windows and various technical constructions with photos of landscapes so that you never know if it ’s nature or a photo .
This is a great way of making every city more beautiful .
Photos : Joshuacallaghan.com .
You may not have realised , as you shivered under the grey and drenching skies of August , that you were living through the 10th hottest year ever recorded – but you were .
Figures released by the UK Met Office show the last 12 months constitute the 10th warmest year in the global register , which dates back to 1850 .
The world 's average temperature for 2008 was just over 14.3C , which is 0.3 degrees above the long - term average for 1961 - 1990 .
Yet Britain experienced one of its poorest summers in 2008 : it was the seventh wettest , and August was the dullest on record .
Not only that : it followed immediately on 2007's record as the wettest of all summers in the record books .
The two succeeding damp , cool and often sunless summers were disastrous not only for holidaymakers in Britain ; they also played havoc with wildlife , especially insects , and butterflies in particular .
For many people , 2008 was " the summer of no butterflies " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
However , Britain was affected by these conditions , according to meteorologists , because of a particular phenomenon : the shifting southwards of the jetstream , the rapidly moving band of air between the polar and the tropical zones that directs the course of low - pressure systems across the Atlantic .
This may have been caused in turn by La Niña , the occasional cooling of the central and eastern parts of the Pacific Ocean .
Across the world as a whole , temperatures continued to be solidly above the long - term average .
This was according to a preliminary report released on behalf of the World Meteorological Organisation by scientists at the Met Office 's Hadley Centre and the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit .
Globally , the temperature was 0.31C above the 1961 - 90 average .
In the northern hemisphere , the mean temperature was 0.51C above average ( the eighth warmest on record ) and in the southern hemisphere it was 0.11C above average ( 20th warmest ) .
Although the 2008 figure is slightly down on earlier years this century , partly because of the Niña that developed in 2007 , global temperatures for 2000 - 2008 stand almost 0.2C warmer than the 1990 - 99 average .
The Hadley Centre 's Peter Stott said that human actions were making the difference .
" Human influence , particularly emission of greenhouse gases , has greatly increased the chance of having such warm years , " he said .
" Comparing observations with the expected response to man-made and natural drivers of climate change , it is shown that global temperature is now over 0.7C warmer than if humans were not altering the climate .
Without human influence on climate change we would be more than 50 times less likely of seeing a year as warm as 2008 . "
Commenting on the dramatically increased odds of such warm years because of human induced climate change , Dr Myles Allen , head of Climate Dynamics at Oxford University , said : " Globally this year would have been considered warm , even as recently as the 1970s or 1980s , but a scorcher for our Victorian ancestors . "
Britons pay up to £ 6,000 to shoot entire herds of elephants - including calves - in Zimbabwe
Britons are heading out to Africa to shoot herds of elephants , with prominent names including a well - known Harley Street surgeon joining the hunt .
Hunters - using the argument that the animals are pest which are destroying large swathes of the Zimbabwe landscape - are paying up to an estimated £ 6,000 to help ' cull ' the 100,000 population .
Whole herds can be destroyed in a go , with parties aiming to wipe out entire families in one go - including calves - before posing perched on top of the carcass .
Elephants are social creatures - however hunters are paying up to £ 6,000 to shoot the animals , claiming they are a pest that need to be culled
It has long been believed that Zimbabwe was allowing culls , but this is the first time foreigners , including Britons , have been confirmed on the hunt .
One party , led by professional hunting outfitter Peter Carr , a Yorkshireman , went to Hwange National Park last year to cull a herd of 11 elephants , including ' teenager ' calves .
The 5,600 - square mile park is said to home 50,000 elephants , which is thought to be twice the park 's capacity .
British orthapaedic surgeon Benjamin Chang , based in London 's Harley Street , went on the hunt , paying £ 5,600 to join the slaughter .
Most of the money went to the park authorities , allowing Mr Carr and Mr Chang to shoot three elephants each before posing on top of the dead elephants .
The pair used specialist rifles to take down the animals , and said it was the most humane ways of killing them , even though sometimes it took more than one shot .
Critics argue that the population should be kept under control through habitat expansion , relocation or even the use of contraception .
Born Free Foundation Will Travers told The Times newspaper : ' These days it takes something pretty extraordinary to shock and distress as far as Zimbabwe is concerned .
But news of the slaughter of elephants inside national parks still has the power to make you sick to your stomach . '
The African elephant population is thought to stand at 500,000 - down from 1.2 million three decades ago
International Fund for Animal Welfare elephant programme manager Michael Wamithi said the money paid for the hunt would not reach conservation efforts .
He said : ' Because of the corruption and financial situation I would be surprised if anything at all reached conservation or communities . '
Carr , who is writing a book about hunting big game , said : ' The elephants are slowly turning the land there into a desert .
' I consider myself a champion for elephants but they must be culled , although it ’s such an awful word it makes the " bunnyhuggers " spit their dummies out .
' No one feels great after culling a herd : it is quite a sombre mood .
You have to kill all of them - if any escape they can spread panic in other herds .
' I took one party over [ including Chang ] and had another 18 clients lined up , half of whom were British , but after that the reports of violence and unrest caused them to back out . '
Hunters defend their actions , saying there are too many Zimbabwean elephants , but critics call for more humane efforts
Ivory has been sold legally under international law by Zimbabwe to China and Japan , with one sale last November - one sale of nearly four tons made £ 330,000 .
The African elephant population has dropped from an estimated 1.3 million in 1979 to about 500,000 today , but in some areas they are considered too numerous .
Since Zimbabwe 's freefall into poverty and famine , some Zimbabweans have been killing elephants for food .
Chang , 49 , told The Times : ' The meat goes to the village .
They are queuing at the camp saying , " Please give us the meat . "
' I was told one elephant will feed one village for three and a half months . '
Change also shot a lioness in South Africa .
He defended his actions , saying : ' The army could have done the cull themselves but they do n’t have the right guns .
You ca n’t use an automatic rifle , that would just be cruel . '
Behind Apple ’s decision to drop anti-copying measures in iTunes
By Mike Ingram
19 January 2009
Apple ’s decision to drop the anti-copying protection known as Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) has received a mixed response from consumers and music fans across the world .
The removal of DRM , which limits the devices authorized to play songs purchased on iTunes , is a welcome move and may well attract new customers to iTunes who previously shied away because of these limitations .
But for existing iTunes users , things do n’t look so good .
Apple is offering customers the possibility to upgrade their music collection to the new 256k DRM - free downloads at a cost of 30 cents per audio track , or 60 cents per video track .
The upgrade is offered only as an all or nothing plan .
It is not possible to upgrade individual tracks , only your entire library .
The full cost of an upgrade will not be apparent until the entire iTunes library has been converted over to the new format .
Apple says that about 8 million of its 10 million songs are now converted .
DRM allowed purchases to “ be played on up to 5 computers ( Mac or PC ) and synced to any iPods you own .
Any iTunes playlists containing these purchases can also be burned to a CD up to 7 times for use in the same manner as any purchased CD , ” according to Apple ’s support site .
The DRM - free downloads will be playable on any device capable of playing music in AAC format by default .
The new 256 k format offered by Apple will allow customers to convert music to MP3 format without the same loss of quality that would result with 128k downloads .
The announcement marks an extension of Apple ’s iTunes Plus program announced in April 2007 .
At that time Apple was said to have around 2 million of its 10 million - song catalog available in DRM - free format at that time .
The songs were made available at a premium , costing $ 1.29 versus the 99 cents for DRM downloads .
That announcement followed EMI ’s decision to make available DRM - free downloads in response to “ consumer demand for high fidelity digital music for use on home music systems , mobile phones and digital music players , ” according to an EMI press release at the time .
Apple ’s embrace of DRM
In an open letter entitled “ Thoughts on Music , ” published February 6 , 2007 , Apple CEO Steve Jobs provided his take on DRM , as a necessary evil forced upon Apple by the recording industry giants .
“ Since Apple does not own or control any music itself , it must license the rights to distribute music from others , primarily the ‘ big four ’ music companies : Universal , Sony BMG , Warner and EMI .
These four companies control the distribution of 70 percent of the world ’s music , ” Jobs said .
The iTunes software was launched at the annual Macworld Expo on January 9 , 2001 , just two months prior to the March 5 , 2001 , injunction granted to the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , which ordered the free music - sharing network Napster to stop trading copyrighted material over its network .
( See “ Napster seeks to block access to copyrighted music ” )
The first iPod portable music player was released in October 2001 .
With its release , the importance of the iTunes digital jukebox software became immediately apparent .
Two years later , Apple announced the launch if its iTunes music store with a library of 200,000 songs .
In its initial version , Apple offered a subscription - based service similar to that of Rhapsody from Real Networks and other competitors .
But by April 2003 , it had moved to the pay - per-song business model that dominates the market today .
In his open letter , Jobs states , “ Apple was able to negotiate landmark usage rights at the time , which include allowing users to play their DRM protected music on up to 5 computers and on an unlimited number of iPods .
Obtaining such rights from the music companies was unprecedented at the time , and even today is unmatched by most other digital music services .
However , a key provision of our agreements with the music companies is that if our DRM system is compromised and their music becomes playable on unauthorized devices , we have only a small number of weeks to fix the problem or they can withdraw their entire music catalog from our iTunes store . ”
The DRM assurances no doubt played a big part in Apple ’s ability to gain distribution rights from the major labels .
Just as significant , however , was the role of DRM in establishing a dominant market position for Apple products .
The initial popularity of iTunes as a legal alternative to Napster created a ready - made market for the iPod music player .
Through DRM , Apple was able to ensure that the majority of iTunes users were also iPod users .
Answering calls to “ open ” its DRM software so that music purchased from iTunes could be played on other devices , Jobs writes in his open letter , “ iPod users can and do acquire their music from many sources , including CDs they own .
Music on CDs can be easily imported into the freely - downloadable iTunes jukebox software which runs on both Macs and Windows PCs , and is automatically encoded into the open AAC or MP3 formats without any DRM .
This music can be played on iPods or any other music players that play these open formats . ”
Jobs continues , “ The rub comes from the music Apple sells on its iTunes Store . ”
The “ rub , ” as Jobs calls it , has proved very profitable for Apple .
Since the DRM system depends upon allowing only authorized devices to play music titles , this enabled Apple to lock iTunes customers into their iPod product line .
Jobs attempted to address this in his letter , stating that , “ since 97 percent of the music on the average iPod was not purchased from the iTunes stores , iPod users are clearly not locked into the iTunes store to acquire their music . ”
But this does not address the reverse problem — iTunes customers are locked into using the iPod .
Why DRM had to go
In his letter , Jobs asserted Apple ’s desire to sell DRM - free music in the following terms : “ Imagine a world where every online store sells DRM - free music encoded in open licensable formats .
In such a world , any player can play music purchased from any store , and any store can sell music which is playable on all players .
This is clearly the best alternative for consumers and Apple would embrace it in a heartbeat . ”
Jobs then asks , “ Why would the big four music companies agree to let Apple and others distribute their music without using DRM systems to protect it ?
The simplest answer is because DRMs have n’t worked , and may never work , to halt music piracy .
Though the big four music companies require that all their music sold online be protected with DRMs , these same music companies continue to sell billions of CDs a year which contain completely unprotected music . ”
The failure of DRM to prevent online sharing of music is abundantly apparent .
A visit to http://www.download.com shows the number - one download for Mac to be the popular file - sharing software LimeWire version 5 Beta , with LimeWire ( Classic ) being at number four .
On a Windows PC , LimeWire occupies the number - two spot , with the number - six most popular download being FrostWire , a LimeWire PRO Gnutella / Bittorrent client whose stated aim is “ to keep and maintain the freedoms that LimeWire LLC maybe forced to withdraw .
Share any type of file on Gnutella and the Bittorrent network . ”
In addition to the continued growth of online file sharing , Apple confronted new competitors such as Amazon that have signed their own deals with some of the major labels and are already selling DRM - free songs .
There is a basic conflict of interest between the development of the Internet as a means of mass communication and distribution and the capitalist system based upon private property .
Contrary to the claims that DRM is meant to protect copyrights and that copyrights themselves are there to protect the artist , DRM as applied to the music industry was a mechanism to protect the interests of the big - four music giants at the expense of both fans and artists alike .
If these same music giants and their partners such as Apple are today moving away from DRM , it is simply because it has proved ineffective in protecting their interests .
A tale of two moral compasses .
The NY Times issued an editorial exhorting Bush to not " abuse " the pardon privilege :
With the Bush administration drawing to a close , it is presidential pardon season .
Presidents have become increasingly shameless about issuing pardons to insulate political cronies from prosecution , even to protect themselves .
We hope President Bush will not abuse the pardon power by putting his appointees , political supporters or friends above the law .
The Constitution gives the president sweeping authority to grant pardons .
The founders intended for presidents to use this power as an “ act of grace ” or to promote the public welfare .
It was never intended to be a get - out - of - jail - free card for people close to the president who stretched , bent or broke the law .
A nice , if a bit naive , sentiment .
The editorial goes on to point out how past presidents have abused the privilege , so it 's not without precedent to have Bush issue pardons to whom he wishes to repay for their political loyalty ( Hi , Scooter ! ) .
But it is svengaliesque William Kristol whose advice will much more likely be heeded by his PNAC buddies and disciples in the Executive Branch .
He argues in his Weekly Standard that the right thing for Bush to do is to pardon any and all foot soldiers in his War on Terror™ :
One last thing : Bush should consider pardoning -- and should at least be vociferously praising -- everyone who served in good faith in the war on terror , but whose deeds may now be susceptible to demagogic or politically inspired prosecution by some seeking to score political points .
The lawyers can work out if such general or specific preemptive pardons are possible ; it may be that the best Bush can or should do is to warn publicly against any such harassment or prosecution .
But the idea is this :
The CIA agents who waterboarded Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , and the NSA officials who listened in on phone calls from Pakistan , should not have to worry about legal bills or public defamation .
In fact , Bush might want to give some of these public servants the Medal of Freedom at the same time he bestows the honor on Generals Petraeus and Odierno .
They deserve it .
Unbelievable .
This goes beyond immorality and straight into a complete lack of humanity .
And let me for the record reiterate that Bill " Brave with other people 's kids " Kristol has NEVER been right .
Not once .
Not when he cheerleaded the Iraq invasion and lied about the reasons .
Not when he cheerleaded Sarah Palin and led the campaign to get her on the GOP ticket .
Not once in his weekly appearances on Pravda , er ... FoxNews has he ever given even the slightest semblance of being right .
And now he goes against his employers at the NY Times ( Jeez , what does it take to fire a bloodthirsty , warmongering amoral Republican flack ?
Obviously as much as it does in the US Senate ) to suggest that those who have violated every principle that was supposed to be the American dream should get the farkin ' Medal of Honor ?
And sadly , the Villagers will look to this and not blink an eye .
An Australian family who traveled to the US to visit a dying relative were accused of attempting to illegally immigrate by US Customs and Border Patrol officials , who caged them , detained them , starved them overnight , and then sent them back on the next flight to Australia .
The US consulate 's only comment ?
" We reserve the right to refuse entry to visitors to the United States . "
A reminder to the US CBP : what you do to foreigners , their governments are apt to do to Americans .
When you treat foreigners this way , you put Americans who go abroad in harm 's way .
Over the next 24 hours , officers questioned the Thornleigh taxi driver and his aged - care worker wife , patted them down and searched their luggage before sending them to a detention centre in a caged van .
They were then taken to a hotel with other detainees at 2.30 am to sleep with armed guards by their bedside before being woken at 4.30 am and put on a flight back to Sydney …
" They treated us like terrorists , " Mr Rabbi said .
" We are Australian citizens .
Why did they have to keep us in a detention centre ?
Why did they have to lock up my kids ? "
Mr Rabbi says that when he explained he was in the US to visit his father , the officers threatened him .
Despite producing the family 's $ 6400 return tickets , dated February 5 , he says the officers accused him of attempting to illegally stay in the US …
The family , tired and hungry after their 18 - hour flight from Sydney to Los Angeles via Melbourne , were given minimal food and drink during their time at the airport .
" We were given no food , apart from a few biscuits , " Mr Rabbi said .
Mercy dash family denied entry to US
( Thanks , JK ! )
Protests in China over cats on the menu
By WILLIAM FOREMAN
Associated Press Writer
GUANGZHOU , China --
While animal lovers in Beijing protested the killing of cats for food on Thursday , a butcher in Guangdong province -- where felines are the main ingredient in a famous soup -- just shrugged her shoulders and wielded her cleaver .
" Cats have a strong flavor .
Dogs taste much better , but if you really want cat meat , I can have it delivered by tomorrow , " said the butcher , who gave only her surname , Huang .
It was just this attitude that outraged about 40 cat lovers who unfurled banners in a tearful protest outside the Guangdong government office in Beijing .
Many were retirees who care for stray felines they said were being rounded up by dealers .
" We must make them correct this uncivilized behavior , " said Wang Hongyao , who represented the group in submitting a letter urging the provincial government to crack down on traders and restaurants , although they were breaking no laws .
The protest was the latest clash between age - old traditions and the new sensibilities made possible by China 's growing affluence .
Pet ownership was once rare because the Communist Party condemned it as bourgeois and most people simply could n't afford a cat or dog .
The protesters ' indignation was whipped up by recent reports in Chinese newspapers about the cat meat industry .
On Monday , the Southern Metropolis Daily -- a Guangdong paper famous for its exposés and aggressive reporting -- ran a story that said about 1,000 cats were transported by train to Guangdong each day .
The animals came from Nanjing , a major trading hub for cats , the newspaper said .
They were brought to market by dealers on motorcycles , crammed into wooden crates and sent to Guangdong on trains .
A photo showed a cat with green eyes peering from a crowded crate .
Some people in Nanjing spend their days " fishing for cats , " often stealing pets , the report said .
One cat owner in Guanghzou said people are afraid to let their pets leave the house for fear they will get nabbed .
" It 's never been this bad .
Who knows , it might be because of the bad economy .
I 've heard that there are cat - nabbing syndicates from Hunan that are rounding up cats , " said the man , who would only give his surname , Lai , because he feared the cat business might be run by gangsters .
Animal protection groups have occasionally ambushed truck convoys loaded with bamboo cages filled with cats bound for Guangdong .
In one recent case , hundreds of cats escaped after their cages were opened , though hundreds more remained penned in the vehicle .
Lai Xiaoyu , who was involved in the attempted " rescue , " said authorities could n't stop the cat shipment because the traders said the animals were to be raised as pets .
" The police did what they could , but there 's little they can do to stop or punish those traders from shipping live animals , " Lai said .
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , or PETA , issued a statement Thursday decrying the cruel treatment .
" China has no animal protection laws , and throughout the country scores of cats and dogs are bred or rounded up , crammed onto trucks and driven for days under hellish conditions to animal markets , where they are beaten to death , strangled or boiled alive , " said a spokesman for the group , Michael V. McGraw .
Guangdong is home to the Cantonese people , famous for being the most adventurous eaters in China .
There 's a popular saying : " The Cantonese will eat anything that flies , except airplanes , and anything with legs , except a chair . "
Zhu Huilian , a nutrition and food safety professor at Sun Yat - Sen University in Guangdong 's capital , Guangzhou , said people usually eat cat in restaurants , not at home .
" There 's a famous soup called ' Dragon , Tiger and Phoenix , ' " Zhu said .
" It involves cooking snake , cat and chicken together .
In winter more people eat cats as they believe it 's extra nutritious . "
The wide - ranging Cantonese culinary tastes are on display daily in Guangzhou , also known as Canton , in the Qing Ping Market .
Shopkeepers sit behind cages full of writhing snakes , tubs with turtles and plastic basins with mounds of scorpions crawling over each other .
That 's where the butcher , Huang , sells her meat , sliced on a blood - soaked cutting board in a stall filled with cages of chickens and rabbits .
Hanging on a hook from its head -- with its snout cut cleanly off -- was a skinned dog with a long curly tail , paws with small clumps of fur still on them and black claws .
The dog's jaw bone was displayed in a metal tray beneath the carcass .
" The cat meat we sell comes from legitimate sources , " said Huang , who gave only her surname because her boss does n't allow her to speak to reporters .
" It 's from cat farms .
The animals are raised the same way cows are . "
She said cat meat sold for about $ 1.32 a pound , while dog meat was cheaper , at about 95 cents a pound .
Chicken was the best buy at 62 cents a pound , while lamb sold for about $ 1.32 .
Huang said customers had to order cat meat a day in advance because it does n't sell as well as dog .
" Cat tastes a bit like lamb .
I do n't like it much , " she said .
" Young cats are tender , but the meat on the older ones is really tough .
Usually old people like eating it . "
Associated Press writer Gillian Wong in Beijing , researchers Xi Yue in Beijing and Ji Chen in Shanghai , and Carley Petesch in New York contributed to this report .
Website builders have been gaining more popularity and traction lately , thanks to services such as Wix and Webnode .
These online website creators allow you to create a full website , free of charge , directly in your browser without any prior knowledge of website development .
Many of these services also offer premium packages with additional features , for a small cost per month , if you desire additional tools .
The biggest advantage in using these services is the unbeatable development speed , as it all happens in your browser with click - and - drag functionality .
If you ’re not a web designer or a creative person but need an easy and affordable solution to creating a website , try one of these free programs .
Wix
Wix offers a simple , yet powerful online platform to make Flash websites , MySpace layouts and more .
Using a browser - based interface , you can choose from a wide selection of design templates or start with a blank canvas .
Wix provides more than enough tools to get the job done , with everything from animation effects and photo albums to Google maps and RSS feeds .
You can also import photos from Flickr and videos from YouTube with only a few clicks .
The design interface is sleek and quick ( on a high - speed connection ) .
Tools are easy to access when needed and can be hidden when not necessary .
Creating new pages and editing old ones is straightforward .
Your website is hosted on Wix ’s server for quick and easy publishing , however unless you upgrade to a premium package ( starting at $ 4.95 / month ) , you do n’t have much control over your domain name .
All in all , Wix is by far the best choice for free Flash websites .
Weebly
Weebly is another top choice and sports a simple click and drag interface that allows you to create a professional website very quickly .
Content elements , such as videos , pictures , maps , and text are added to your website by simply dragging them from the Weebly bar to your webpage .
You must choose from one of their templates , yet each template is pretty flexible and customizable so there is some room for creativity .
Adding and organizing your website ’s pages is surprisingly painless .
When you add a new page to your website , it ’s automatically added to the navigation bar so there ’s no need to update your navigation , even if you add a new page at the last minute .
Your website domain is in the format of ‘ pagename.weebly.com , ’ though if you wish , you can create and purchase your own domain name through the interface ( the domain purchase process is handled by bestdomainever .net ) .
Webs ( formerly FreeWebs )
With over 20 million websites created with Webs , this one is among the most popular free website creators available and features many of the same features of the other online website builders .
It ’s worth noting the ability to integrate your site with Paypal or Google Checkout .
It only takes a few clicks and your account information in order to add e-commerce functionality to your website .
Also , you can create your own social network by requiring visitors to “ join ” your site , all with a just a couple of clicks .
How cool is that ?
Webs is probably not the easiest free website builder to use , however with the extra features available , Webs is a viable option for creating a powerful , free website .
Webnode
Webnode has an interface that could easily be mistaken for Microsoft Word and it ’s incredibly ease to use .
It ’s a phenomenal package and if you ’re a Word user , you should be up and running in a few minutes .
What sets Webnode apart is the way that you create and edit your website .
It operates more like a content management system .
You edit pages by browsing to that page first , then making the necessary changes .
This helps to better visualize how your website will look and function exactly .
You can change your page layout and design at anytime using the toolbar .
The benefit of creating and editing your site with Webnode is that it allows for automatic linking and navigation , so it can be particularly useful when creating large websites with lots of content .
Webnode is the most intuitive program among these website creators , with powerful content management system capabilities and a user friendly interface .
Jimdo
Jimdo operates much like Webnode , by browsing to each page before editing .
You practically wo n’t notice a difference between the site as it appears online and the site as it appears in editing mode .
Jimdo however , is not quite as powerful or as easy to use as Webnode .
On the other hand , Jimdo does offer greater design possibilities with a broad range of customization options .
Sprout Builder
Sprout has a range of features that will allow you to quickly and easily build , publish and manage rich media Web content including widgets , banners , mashups and more .
Sprout has a powerful design interface , though it ’s a bit difficult to use the first time .
The interface consists of dragable toolbars with a surprising amount of design options such as opacity , bevel , emboss , drop shadow , etc .
Despite a bit of a learning curve , Sprout is still a solid choice and offers many powerful design tools that allow you to create a unique website .
Viviti
Viviti is primarily a content management system with less focus on design and customization , however it does a good job at getting you on the web quickly and easily .
Select from one of their templates , then create the pages you need and add content .
Pretty simple , though if you ’re looking for an extremely powerful website creator with endless possibilities , then this is not the best application for you .
SynthaSite
Synthasite has functionality that is similar to that of desktop publishing software such as Microsoft Publisher .
It offers drag and drop editing features that rival many others on this list .
Most remarkable is SynthaSite ’s online photo editing through a partnership with picnik.com , which is an extremely powerful browser - based image editing program .
Synthasite service is very reliant on templates , but there are plenty to choose from and they vary from fun and funky to classy and cool .
Every now and then you ’ll stumble upon a template that has a bit of flexibility – offering the ability to change the background image , for example – but those who want to exercise their design talents will find it restrictive .
Written exclusively for WDD by Michael Shelton .
Michael is a freelancer web designer and runs his own website at http://michaeladesigns.com/
Have you used this website builders ?
Which one is your favorite ?
Please leave your comments below …
Information
Filename : L Ron Hubbard.jpg
Size : 286x281
Uploaded : 2009-01-06
Tags
l ron hubbard tornato
Popular tags on the site
bonton forza sprites comic dubai hr_giger bier magic motivational shevington ryushin_09 paintball falco stephy krystal ryushin_15 donnamodelo.com jessica renee death_note giger mariage 1999 avril ryushin_ 14 soepkip dilbert family ranma fxc ebooks himos wallpaper cheerleader spain cat rippenspreizer glastonbury smashing emma ka_series_l 1nsane manga rx7 megaten chubby cia rwpeuro2006 yuko
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
The scene of an Israeli missile strike in Rafah refugee camp , southern Gaza Strip , 28 December 2008 .
( Hatem Omar / MaanImages )
It ’s 1:30 am but it feels like the sun should be up already .
For the past few hours there ’s been simultaneous , heavy aerial bombardment of Gaza City and the northern Gaza Strip .
It feels like the longest night of my life .
In my area it started with the bombing of workshops ( usually located in the ground floor of private / family residential buildings ) , garages and warehouses in one of the most highly condensed areas in Gaza City , “ Askoola . ”
About an hour ago they bombed the Islamic University , destroying the laboratory building .
As I mentioned in an earlier account , my home is close to the university .
We heard the first explosion , the windows shook , the walls shook and my heart felt like it would literally jump out of my mouth .
My parents , siblings and cousins , who have been staying with us since their home was damaged the first day of the air raids , had been trying to get some sleep .
We all rushed to the side of the house that was farthest from the bombing .
Hala , my 11 - year - old sister stood motionless and had to be dragged to the other room .
I still have marks on my shoulder from when Aya , my 13 - year - old cousin held on to me during the next four explosions , each one as violent and heart - stopping as the next .
Looking out of the window moments later the night sky had turned to a dirty navy - gray from the smoke .
Israeli warships rocketed Gaza ’s only sea port only moments ago ; 15 missiles exploded , destroying boats and parts of the ports .
These are just initial reports over the radio .
We do n’t know what the extent of the damage is .
We do know that the fishing industry that thousands of families depend on either directly or indirectly did n’t pose a threat on Israeli security .
The radio reporter started counting the explosions ; I think he lost count after six .
At this moment we heard three more blasts .
“ I ’m mostly scared of the whoosh , ” I told my sister , referring to the sound a missile makes before it hits .
Those moments of wondering where it ’s going to fall are agonizing .
Once the whooshes and hits were over the radio reporter announced that the fish market ( vacant , of course ) had been bombed .
We just heard that four sisters from the Balousha family were killed in an attack that targeted the mosque by their home in the northern Gaza Strip .
You know what bothers me more than the bangs and the blasts , the smoke , the ambulance sirens and the whooshes ?
The constant , ominous , maddening droning sound of the Apache helicopters overhead that has been buzzing in my head day and night .
It ’s like I ’m hearing things , which I ’m not , but I am .
Safa Joudeh is an master ’s candidate in public policy at Stony Brook University in the US .
She returned to Gaza in September 2007 where she currently works as a freelance journalist .
Related Links
Pop star Michael Jackson is fighting for his life and will die if he does not receive a lung transplant , his biographer has told US gossip magazine In Touch .
Author Ian Halperin said that Jackson , 50 , is suffering from the rare genetic illness alpha - 1 antitrypsin deficiency as well as emphysema and gastrointestinal bleeding .
Halperin also said the singer could barely speak and was 95 per cent blind in his left eye .
Mars Rovers Near Five Years of Science and Discovery
PASADENA , Calif . -- NASA rovers Spirit and Opportunity may still have big achievements ahead as they approach the fifth anniversaries of their memorable landings on Mars .
Of the hundreds of engineers and scientists who cheered at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , on Jan. 3 , 2004 , when Spirit landed safely , and 21 days later when Opportunity followed suit , none predicted the team would still be operating both rovers in 2009 .
" The American taxpayer was told three months for each rover was the prime mission plan , " said Ed Weiler , associate administrator for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" The twins have worked almost 20 times that long .
That 's an extraordinary return of investment in these challenging budgetary times . "
The rovers have made important discoveries about wet and violent environments on ancient Mars .
They also have returned a quarter - million images , driven more than 21 kilometers ( 13 miles ) , climbed a mountain , descended into craters , struggled with sand traps and aging hardware , survived dust storms , and relayed more than 36 gigabytes of data via NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter .
To date , the rovers remain operational for new campaigns the team has planned for them .
" These rovers are incredibly resilient considering the extreme environment the hardware experiences every day , " said John Callas , JPL project manager for Spirit and Opportunity .
" We realize that a major rover component on either vehicle could fail at any time and end a mission with no advance notice , but on the other hand , we could accomplish the equivalent duration of four more prime missions on each rover in the year ahead . "
Occasional cleaning of dust from the rovers ' solar panels by Martian wind has provided unanticipated aid to the vehicles ' longevity .
However , it is unreliable aid .
Spirit has not had a good cleaning for more than 18 months .
Dust - coated solar panels barely provided enough power for Spirit to survive its third southern - hemisphere winter , which ended in December .
" This last winter was a squeaker for Spirit , " Callas said .
" We just made it through . "
With Spirit 's energy rising for spring and summer , the team plans to drive the rover to a pair of destinations about 183 meters ( 200 yards ) south of the site where Spirit spent most of 2008 .
One is a mound that might yield support for an interpretation that a plateau Spirit has studied since 2006 , called Home Plate , is a remnant of a once more - extensive sheet of explosive volcanic material .
The other destination is a house - size pit called Goddard .
" Goddard does n't look like an impact crater , " said Steve Squyres of Cornell University , in Ithaca , N.Y .
Squyres is principal investigator for the rover science instruments .
" We suspect it might be a volcanic explosion crater , and that 's something we have n't seen before . "
A light - toned ring around the inside of the pit might add information about a nearby patch of bright , silica - rich soil that Squyres counts as Spirit 's most important discovery so far .
Spirit churned up the silica in mid-2007 with an immobile wheel that the rover has dragged like an anchor since it quit working in 2006 .
The silica was likely produced in an environment of hot springs or steam vents .
For Opportunity , the next major destination is Endeavour Crater .
It is approximately 22 kilometers ( 14 miles ) in diameter , more than 20 times larger than another impact crater , Victoria , where Opportunity spent most of the past two years .
Although Endeavour is about 12 kilometers ( 7 miles ) from Victoria , it is considerably farther as the rover drives on a route evading major obstacles .
Since climbing out of Victoria four months ago , Opportunity has driven more than a mile of its route toward Endeavour and stopped to inspect the first of several loose rocks the team plans to examine along the way .
High - resolution images from NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which reached Mars in 2006 , are helping the team plot routes around potential sand traps that were not previously discernable from orbit .
" We keep setting the bar higher for what these rovers can do , " said Frank Hartman , a JPL rover driver .
" Once it seemed like a crazy idea to go to Endeavour , but now we 're doing it . "
Squyres said , " The journeys have been motivated by science , but have led to something else important .
This has turned into humanity 's first overland expedition on another planet .
When people look back on this period of Mars exploration decades from now , Spirit and Opportunity may be considered most significant not for the science they accomplished , but for the first time we truly went exploring across the surface of Mars . "
JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , manages the Mars Exploration Rovers for the NASA Science Mission Directorate , Washington .
For more information about Spirit and Opportunity , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/rovers .
Guy Webster 818-354-6278
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov
Dwayne Brown 202-358-1726
NASA Headquarters , Washington
dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov
2008 - 243
Lil Wayne 's track Lollipop was the most legally downloaded single Ninety - five per cent of music downloaded online is illegal , a report by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) has said .
The global music trade body said this is its biggest challenge as artists and record companies miss out on payments .
There has , however , been a 25 % rise since last year with downloads now accounting for a fifth of all recorded music sales .
The IFPI said worldwide music market revenues shrank by 7 % last year .
Steady growth
This was blamed on falling CD sales , while the increase in digital sales failed to make up for this .
The IFPI , which represents 1,400 companies in 72 countries , estimated more than 40 billion music files were illegally shared in 2008 .
There were 1.4 billion single tracks legally downloaded in 2008 , with the top - selling digital single , Lil Wayne 's Lollipop , selling 9.1 million copies .
There is a momentous debate going on about the environment on which our business , and all the people working in it , depends
John Kennedy , IFPI BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones said that despite the launch of many legal download services , customers still seemed to prefer to get their music free online .
The report revealed that the digital music business has grown steadily during the past six years .
In 2008 , it grew by an estimated 25 % and is now worth $ 3.7bn ( £ 2.5 bn ) Music fans in the UK downloaded 110 million single tracks in 2008 and bought 10.3 million digital albums - accounting for 7.7 % of the market .
John Kennedy , chairman and chief executive of IFPI , said the industry had changed its approach to doing business .
He said : " There is a momentous debate going on about the environment on which our business , and all the people working in it , depends .
" Governments are beginning to accept that , in the debate over ' free content ' and engaging ISPs in protecting intellectual property rights , doing nothing is not an option if there is to be a future for commercial digital content . "
Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group , said : " We are worried by the recording industry 's desire to clamp down on illicit file sharers .
" We need to see how much better these companies do by getting their services right before governments start pushing drastic and draconian laws forward . "
He added : " Growing online sales show the recording industry can win against illicit file sharing .
" If companies go further and offer the same sort of experience as P2P then they will win new revenues , and reduce copyright infringement , which we would welcome . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Michiko Kakutani reviews Malcolm Gladwell ’s latest book in the New York Times : “ Much of what Mr. Gladwell has to say about superstars is little more than common sense : that talent alone is not enough to ensure success , that opportunity , hard work , timing and luck play important roles as well .
The problem is that he then tries to extrapolate these observations into broader hypotheses about success .
These hypotheses not only rely heavily on suggestion and innuendo , but they also pivot deceptively around various anecdotes and studies that are selective in the extreme : the reader has no idea how representative such examples are , or how reliable — or dated — any particular study might be . ”
This review captures what ’s been driving me crazy over the last year … an unbelievable proliferation of anecdotes disguised as science , self - professed experts writing about things they actually know nothing about , and amusing stories disguised as metaphors for how the world works .
Whether it ’s Thomas Friedman , who , it seems , cannot go a whole week without inventing a new fruit - based metaphor explaining everything about the entire modern world , all based on some random jibberish he misunderstood from a taxi driver in Kuala Lumpur , or Malcolm Gladwell with his weak theories on tipping points , crazy incorrect theories on first impressions , or utterly lunatic theories on experts , it all becomes insanely popular simply because the stories are fun and interesting and everybody wants to hear a good story .
Spare me .
Friedman and Gladwell ’s outsized , flat - world success has lead to a huge number of wannabes .
I was really looking forward to reading Simplexity , because it sounded like an interesting topic , until I settled down with it tonight and discovered that it was chock - full of all those amusing bedtime stories about the map of the cholera plague in London in 1854 , which I ’ve heard a million times , and then suddenly I noticed ( shock ! ) that not only was the author a journalist , not a scientist , but he was actually an editor at Time Magazine , which has an editorial method in which editors write stories based on notes submitted by reporters ( the reporters do n’t write their own stories ) , so it ’s practically designed to get everything wrong , to insure that , no matter how ignorant the reporters are on an issue , they ’ll find someone who knows even less to write the actual story .
Panicking , I began to flip through the book at random .
There ’s that story about Don Norman and complicated user interfaces .
Here he is reading Nassim Taleb .
I ’ve heard all these anecdotes !
Stop , already !
I threw the book away in frustration .
This is the third one of the day .
My business partner Jeff Atwood was busy extracting himself from the flamewars he started by writing an article on , of all things , NP - completeness , which is , actually , something that it ’s possible to know something about , because it ’s not a vague sociological hypotheticoncept like simplexiflatness or blinkoutliers , it ’s actually a real , important result from Computer Science , with a rigorous definition and lots of published papers , and poor Jeff got himself in something of a pickle by writing a book review when he had n’t read the book , and fortunately , he has comments on his blog , so his readers called him out on it .
Now , I am not one to throw stones .
Heck , I practically invented the formula of “ tell a funny story and then get all serious and show how this is amusing anecdote just goes to show that ( one thing |the other ) is a universal truth . ”
And everybody is like , oh yes ! how true !
and they link to it with approval , and it zooms to the top of Slashdot .
And six years later , a new king arises who did not know Joel , and he writes up another amusing anecdote , really , it ’s the same anecdote , and he uses it to prove the exact opposite , and everyone is like , oh yes !
how true !
and it zooms to the top of Reddit .
This is not the way to move science forward .
On Sunday Dave Winer [ partially ] defined “ great blogging ” as “ people talking about things they know about , not just expressing opinions about things they are not experts in ( nothing wrong with that , of course ) . ”
Can we get some more of that , please ?
Thanks .
As far as casino gambling goes , blackjack is one of the better games to play .
Your chances of winning any given hand are fairly decent : Less than –though not much less than –50 % .
However , because your chance of winning a hand is less than 50 % , the more hands you play , the less chance you have of coming out ahead in the end .
Mutual funds work the same way .
Study after study has shown that the higher the operating costs of a fund , the worse its chances of beating the relevant index in any given year .
This should n’t really come as any surprise .
For every additional percentage of operating costs , the fund managers must outperform the market by 1 % in order to justify the use of their fund over an index fund .
Of course , not every manager can succeed because , for every dollar that outperforms the market , there ’s a dollar underperforming by an equal amount .
So ( prior to considering costs ) half of all dollars in non-index funds outperform the market , and the other half underperform .
Therefore , when looking at after - cost returns , we must conclude that greater than half of all non -index - fund - dollars will underperform the market each year .
So if your probability of outperforming an index fund is less than 50 % each year , what are your chances of outperforming over a multiple - decade period ?
It ’s rather like playing 30 hands of blackjack and expecting to come out ahead , is n’t it ?
Takeaway :
If you ’re going to invest in actively - managed funds , make darned sure they ’re low - cost ones .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - A pig that survived 36 days buried in the rubble of May ’s massive Sichuan earthquake has been voted China ’s favorite animal , but the attention has made him fat , lazy and bad - tempered , state media said .
A pig , which was rescued after being buried for 36 days beneath rubble in quake - hit Sichuan province , is seen in Dayi county , Sichuan province July 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / China Daily
The hog , trapped in a sty after the 7.9 magnitude quake , was bought by a local businessman who was moved by its ordeal and named “ Zhu Jianqiang , ” or “ Strong Pig . ”
It survived by eating charcoal and drinking rainwater .
Now it has been voted top of an online poll of animals “ who moved China ” this year , the weekend edition of the China Daily said .
Other top animals included a dog that guarded its elderly owner when he was sick and accompanied him to hospital , and a cat that almost died of grief when its partner was run over by a car .
The pig “ vividly illustrated the spirit of never giving up , ” the report cited the webmasters who ran the poll as saying .
People come from all over to see the pig at its new home in a museum , the newspaper said , but it was becoming increasingly spoiled and ungrateful .
“ It ’s gotten fatter and lazier by the day , ” it quoted staff as saying .
“ We used to take it out for a walk every morning and afternoon , but it ’s too lazy -- and too fat -- to do it . ”
And the pig is getting fed up with visitors , after initially being quite friendly .
“ Now it just blocks the door to its bedroom when there are too many visitors outside .
It ’s been increasingly difficult for us to convince it to open the door , ” the report said .
Great apology note from Hulu’s CEO [ via DF ] :
This note , however , is not about the fact that episodes of ’’ It ’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia ’’ were taken down .
Rather , this note is to communicate to our users that we screwed up royally with regards to how we handled this specific content removal and to apologize for our lack of strong execution .
We gave effectively no notice to our users that these ’’ Sunny ’’ episodes would be coming off the service .
We handled this in precisely the opposite way that we should have .
We believe that our users deserve the decency of a reasonable warning before content is taken down from the Hulu service .
Please accept our apologies .
Given the very reasonable user feedback that we have received on this topic ( we read every twitter , email and post ) , we have just re-posted all of the episodes that we had previously removed .
I ’d like to point out to our users that the content owner in this case – FX Networks – was very quick to say yes to our request to give users reasonable advance notice here , despite the fact that it was the Hulu team that dropped the ball …
The team at Hulu is doing our best to make lemonade out of lemons on this one , but it ’s not easy given how poorly we executed here .
Please know that we will do our best to learn from this mistake such that the Hulu user experience benefits in other ways down the road .
Some of you might know that I was in the hunt for a decent mspaint alternative recently .
Note that I did n’t go for GIMP / Inkscape etc because they were overkill for what I wanted to do .
Many a times , I just wanted to touch up a screenshot or make a simple flow image by drawing a few boxes , use a few pointing arrows , and add some text here and there .
All this could be done with the previous mentioned programs as well but took a bit more steps than I wanted ( stroking the selections / paths for lines , boxes , circles , and even then , no arrows ) .
I did n’t find an adequate replacement at the time but got it now , so thought of writing about it .
Basically I came across 4 apps : tuxpaint , gpaint , kolourpaint and mtpaint .
Wo n’t discuss tuxpaint here cuz I found it a little too kiddish .
gpaint : ( Available in Ubuntu repositories ) gpaint is a very simplistic program that has a mspaint look and feel but feels a bit lacking .
It can do basic procedures like basic shape selections , lines , boxes but that ’s it .
No polygon selections , brush , color picker , etc , and yeah no arrows .
Moreover , it saves only in pngs .
kolourpaint : ( Available in Ubuntu Repositories ) kolourpaint is very close to mspaint .
Infact it does a bit more than mspaint .
It has all the things that I mentioned as missing in gpaint , plus has basic image manipulation effects as well .
I liked it quite a bit , but it had 2 drawbacks for me , still no arrows , and it depends on KDE / Qt libraries .
mtpaint : ( Available in Ubuntu Repositories from Gutsy onwards .
Rest of the folks can search for a package on net , or find a suitable package or source here )
This is the software that got me most excited .
It is actually a kind of lower - intermediate package that lies somewhere between mspaint and a very basic , poor man ’s GIMP .
It has all the features ok kolourpaint , ( plus arrows at last :-) ) , a small smattering of basic effects ( gaussian , edge detection , blur , embossing ) , can work with gifs also ( handles transparency and animation quite well ) .
So , this is the one I would be sticking to for now .
I am using mtpaint now for my basic needs .
Hope the article benefitted you as well .
If I missed out on some package , then do let me know .
See also
Celebrating 10 Years of NetBeans !
Since 1998 , NetBeans has grown from a student project into an award winning Open Source project , IDE and application platform .
With millions of downloads a year worldwide , the NetBeans community boasts an active and diverse following of software developers , students , instructors and partner companies .
To celebrate the 10th milestone , we dedicated a ( October 20 - 27 ) to showcase some of the key initiatives and thank the many dedicated individuals whose contributions have kept the NetBeans momentum going strong .
The NetBeans 10th Birthday Decathlon !
Celebrate the NetBeans spirit with the NetBeans Decathlon !
Ten interactive tasks for the NetBeans community to show and share what the NetBeans Project means to them .
Collect points for each completed task for a chance to win a cool limited edition NetBeans T - shirt !
Join ...
Closing Words : Jonathan Schwartz on NetBeans and 10 Years of Software Development
To bring the NetBeans 10th birthday celebration to a close , we have a special interview with Sun CEO Jonathan Schwartz .
He talks about why developers are important to Sun , looks back on how software development has changed over the last 10 years , and why NetBeans matters to Sun and the industry .
And it turns out NetBeans and Jonathan have something in common ...!
Watch ... Final Acknowledgments
It 's been ten amazing years for NetBeans — from student project to budding start - up to renowned open source project .
Meet some of the outstanding people who have helped along the way .
Read ...
The APIFest 08 Game
As part of NetBeans 10th Birthday Celebration and to promote his latest book , The API Book , NetBeans founder Jarda Tulach organized a contest to help improve users ' API design skills .
Read ...
NetBeans Evangelists Look Back
As their name implies , the NetBeans Evangelists deliver the " message " of NetBeans .
They travel far and wide to conferences , user groups and institutions to demo our IDE and Platform and encourage adoption , and along the way have collected many memorable stories about life on the road as advocates of the NetBeans Project .
One word to describe their part in the turnaround of the developer community 's awareness of the NetBeans IDE ?
Priceless !
Read ...
A Birthday Video Greeting from Brazil
The NetBeans Project has a huge following in Brazil .
Former NetBeans Community Manager Bruno Souza and a handful of NetBeans fans gather together at a local restaurant to give NetBeans a hearty 10th birthday greeting Brazilian style !
Watch ... NetBeans Literature
Have you picked up any good books lately ?
As the NetBeans IDE and Platform have evolved and become popular so has the number of books about developing with them .
This is a trend we like , and one that would not be possible without the hard work and enthusiasm of the authors , themselves avid NetBeans users and supporters of the project .
Thanks to them , there is a NetBeans reference guide to match any number of development needs — from beginner to expert , JavaEE or RCP .
View our collection of recent and past publications , and do consider adding a book to your library !
Browse ...
NetBeans Community Acceptance Testing Program ( NetCAT )
Since its inception in 2004 , NetCAT has established itself as a reliable avenue for testing the quality of NetBeans releases , and has thus gained respect from NetBeans Engineers and the NetBeans Community alike .
The cool cats of this program have our thanks for their contribution in helping to send out a stable NetBeans IDE year after year !
Read ...
It 's a Bean , It 's a Cube ...
It 's the NetBeans Logo !
Did you know that the NetBeans logo was almost a bean ?
See the first hand - drawn drafts of the NetBeans logo , and how it evolved over time to become the cube we all know and love .
Read ...
The Many Faces of the NetBeans UI
Do you recall what the Forte screen looked like ?
The NetBeans user interface has changed over time .
Have a look at our collection of historic screenshots .
And yes , it dates back to Forte ... Read ...
NetBeans Community Docs
The Community Docs team wants to recognize the members that contributed to our database of tips and tricks , screencasts , and expert tutorials .
Read ...
From Prague with Love - NetBeans 10th Birthday Greetings
Birthday greetings and reflections from the NetBeans team in Prague , Czech Republic .
This is where it all started !
Watch ...
NetBeans Localization Project
If you develop with the NetBeans IDE in Japanese or German ; browse our website in Indonesian or Albanian ; read the NetBeans Weekly newsletter in French or Brazilian Portuguese , there 's one group to thank — the NetBeans Localization team !
This community - driven team of translators has done an invaluable job of making the NetBeans Project , in its many forms , available to non-English speaking developers worldwide .
For their great work , we say : Dekujeme , Gracias , Merci , Danke , Arigato ...!
Read ...
A Video Greeting from James Gosling
What better way to kick off our 10th birthday bash than with a retrospective and birthday greeting from the Godfather of Java , James Gosling !
Watch ...
NetBeans Dream Team
Over the years , the NetBeans IDE has won awards and received positive reviews from the industry , but our best endorsements still come from within the NetBeans community , from developers who use our tool almost exclusively and encourage adoption among other developers .
The NetBeans Dream Team is a group of super users who do just that and more .
We are proud to acknowledge their commitment to the NetBeans project .
Read ...
A survey of 5,000 singles by PARSHIP .
co.uk , Europe 's largest scientifically - based online dating service , showed Britain 's singles will go on 2.5 million first dates this January , almost three times more than in December and twice as many as any other single month of the year .
These amazing trees were grown in Santa Cruz , CA the year unknown , but the man that grew them never told any one how he did it .
Then in around 1999 the owner of Nob Hill foods in Gilroy , CA moved them to his park in Gilroy and they are doing well .
At various places in the world , there are still such trees :
Which finger is cool ?
Only a mother could love this amazing face !
Scary Mummy of wood !!!
Weird women tree !!!
FIDA BASAL , 20 , was not there when the missile struck her uncle 's house the day after Israel began its ground invasion of Gaza .
But her sister , Hanin , 18 , was .
Fida found Hanin at Shifa Hospital in Gaza City .
One of Hanin 's legs , her sister was told , had been amputated .
" I want her leg now , " Fida screamed at her mother .
" God has no mercy .
You get me her leg now . "
Her uncle lost both legs .
Another woman found only half of the body of her daughter , 17 , in the Shifa morgue .
" May God exterminate Hamas , " she screamed , in a curse rarely heard these days during a conflict in which many Palestinians praise Hamas as resisters .
Israel contends that Hamas has purposely endangered civilian lives by fighting in and around populated areas .
The scene on Sunday at the hospital , a singular and grisly reflection of the violence around it , was both harrowing and puzzling .
A week ago , after Israel began its air assault , hundreds of Hamas militants were taken to the hospital .
This is a guest post by Meg Hamill , a freelance writer who also works at the environmental non-profit , LandPaths , in Sonoma County California .
[ social_buttons ]
Venezuela is currently one of world ’s largest oil producers .
In an ongoing effort to reduce their dependency on oil exports to the United States , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has signed a deal with China that could easily triple the amount of oil exported to that country by 2012 .
That would bring their oil exports to China up to one million barrels a day .
Recognizing the thirst for oil in a gigantic , developing country such as China , Chavez told the media : “ While the world enters an energy crisis , we are investing . ”
Currently the Unites States still buys about half of the total oil exported from Venezuela .
Chavez is now off to Russia , on his 3rd visit to the country in two months .
It is thought that Chavez is seeking to strengthen energy alliances in Russia as well .
And Chavez ’ evolving relationship with Russia does n’t stop there .
The BBC states that in the past few years , Venezueala has signed arms deals with Russia that equal 4 billion dollars .
In fact just last week , Russia sent a navy squadron to Venezuala for “ joint manuevers . ”
The Associated Press called the move : “ an unprecedented deployment of Russian military power to the Western Hemisphere since the Cold War and an obvious snub to Washington . ”
Photo Credit : Wikepedia Commons under Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Brazil
Shortly after midnight , Petrov noticed a missile on his screen .
Thinking it was a possible error , he nervously ignored it and waited for any other indications of war .
Several minutes later , things became much more serious : four more missiles appeared and a flashing red warning sign began asking him to confirm an incoming attack .
By pressing the red button , Petrov would have sent the information up the chain of command to Jurij Votincev , the Commander in Chief of the Russian missile defense , and then to Jurij Andropov who was in charge of the new “ nuclear suitcase ” and who would have undoubtedly called for a counterattack .
Petrov knew he only had about fifteen minutes to decide what he would do before the missiles would reach the Soviet Union .
If he did n’t pass the information along , Petrov would be ignoring orders and taking responsibility into his own hands .
The protocol , which Petrov had written himself , clearly indicated that the correct course of action would be to inform the Commander in Chief .
120 panicked military officers and engineers sat behind him , looking at the screen and waiting for his decision .
“ Everyone jumped from their seats looking at me , ” says Petrov .
“ What could I do ?
There was a procedure that I had written myself . ”
The future of the world was in the 44 - year - old Russian officer ’s hands as he wrestled with the decision of whether or not to use Russia ’s atomic button .
In a bold move , however , Petrov decided against it , blaming the signals on faulty equipment instead of imperialistic aggression .
At the time , he was not sure he had made the right choice .
Fortunately for all of us , Petrov made the correct decision .
His reasoning was that if the Americans were going to start an atomic war , they would have sent hundreds of missiles , not just five .
Although Petrov had effectively saved the world from atomic war , he was not rewarded for his decision by the Russian army .
Instead , he was reprimanded for not filling out the log books on that day , and a year later he was given an option to retire .
When the incident was finally declassified in 1998 , many members of world organizations claimed that Petrov was a hero , and some thought that he deserved a Nobel Prize .
As a result of the publicity , he was rewarded by the The Association of World Citizens based in San Francisco with $ 1000 and given a plaque : ‘ The World Citizen Award . ’
Today , Petrov lives in a small village near Moscow in relative anonymity , surviving only on a tiny pension of $ 200 a month .
He gave most of his reward money to his grandchildren and spent the rest on a vacuum cleaner , an item he had always dreamed of , which then turned out to be faulty .
While Petrov ’s incident might sound extraordinary , the world has actually survived at least four false alerts for nuclear war in the past 20 years .
Fortunately , in three of the four cases , reliable space - based sensors assured leaders that they were safe , even though their other systems falsely indicated a nuclear attack .
Many world leaders believe , therefore , that such incidents demonstrate the need for both the US and Russia to have adequate space - based sensors in order to avoid a false response .
Even with such sensors in place , however , accidents are inevitable .
In Petrov ’s case , it was actually a relatively new Soviet satellite system that falsely indicated that nuclear annihilation was imminent .
Shortly after midnight , the sun , the monitoring satellite system , and the U.S. missile fields all lined up in such a way as to maximize the sunlight reflected from high - altitude clouds .
This gave the appearance , to Petrov , that several missiles had been launched from the U.S. continental missile fields .
Although his suspicious superiors had repeatedly told Petrov that the United States would launch a massive nuclear strike against the Soviet forces , he decided not to pass the alert about the five missiles to higher authorities , saying , “ When people start a war , they do n’t start it with only five missiles .
You can do little damage with just five missiles . ”
Although Petrov ’s action was the right one at the time , according to Dr. Bruce Blair of the US Center for Defense in Washington DC , his logic was not necessarily correct because one of the US ’s plans was to launch just a few missiles to confuse the enemy .
Such a close call , however , illustrates the fact that there is still considerable room for human and technical error in systems , which keeps thousands of nuclear weapons on high - trigger alert and poised for rapid firing .
To make things worse , the constellation of Russian early - warning satellites has been allowed to deteriorate significantly since 1995 because of insufficient maintenance funding .
What is even more important , as stated by Bruce Blair “ there is an urgent need to stand down these dangerous missiles and take them off alert in order to prevent a nuclear war from starting by mistake or by unauthorized action . ”
The Red Button reviews Petrov ’s role in the autumn equinox nuclear scare , discusses the repercussions of the event , and analyzes possible ways to prevent similar mistakes .
By telling the story of this unsung hero ’s life , this documentary will bring important issues about international security to light .
Although this film is international in its perspective , the subject matter is very close to American audiences .
The subject matter confronts the most vital and important themes for current security issues – for America as well as the rest of the world .
Dear Cecil : I 'm a big fan of the old Pacific Electric , the sprawling electric railroad known as the " Big Red Cars " that once covered much of southern California .
Strangely , when I mention the old PE , many times someone within earshot says something to the effect of , " You know , back when they built the freeways , GM and the oil companies got together and forced them to tear up the tracks . "
Cecil , is there any truth to this rumor ?
If not , why do so many natives believe it ?
Tom R. , Los Angeles
Cecil replies :
If you think trashing the LA trolleys was the extent of GM ’s alleged crimes , Tom , you ai n’t heard nothin ’ yet .
In 1974 one Bradford Snell , a staff attorney for the U.S. Senate antitrust subcommittee , advanced the startling proposition that GM had ( 1 ) sabotaged energy - efficient electric transit systems in 45 cities around the country , including LA , in order to sell more fuel - guzzling buses and autos ; ( 2 ) forced the railroads to replace nonpolluting electric locomotives with GM - built diesels by threatening to withhold lucrative auto shipments ; and , most astonishing of all , ( 3 ) treasonously built armaments for the Nazis during World War II through Opel , its German subsidiary .
Not surprisingly , Snell ’s charges were widely publicized .
Snell lavished particular attention on the case of the Pacific Electric .
Though it ’s difficult to believe today , Los Angeles once boasted the largest system of “ interurbans ” ( heavy - duty inter - city trolleys ) in the U.S. , carrying some 80 million passengers a year in the late 1930s .
According to Snell , all this went out the window starting in 1939 , when GM got together with Standard Oil of California ( now Chevron ) , Firestone , and other auto - related firms to set up a holding company that bought up trolley lines , dismantled them , and replaced them with buses .
“ The noisy , foul - smelling buses turned earlier patrons of the high - speed rail system away from public transit and , in effect , sold millions of private automobiles , ” Snell said .
“ Largely as a result , Los Angeles today is an ecological wasteland . ”
In a stinging counterattack , GM argued that Snell ’s accusations were off the wall from start to finish .
The company said it relinquished day - to - day control of Opel in 1939 following the German invasion of Poland , and severed all relations with the firm when Germany declared war on the U.S. in 1941 .
It denied trying to strong - arm the railroads , pointing out that an earlier government investigation into the matter had produced nothing .
Finally , it said its investments in various transit holding companies were small , that it exercised no managerial control , that many of the PE lines the California holding company bought had already been converted to buses , and that in any case the conversion to buses was part of a nationwide trend that was well under way before GM had made any transit investments at all .
Now , you may or may not believe GM ’s professions of innocence concerning the holding company .
But most authorities agree that trolleys bit the dust in LA and elsewhere not because of a conspiracy but because they were slow and inconvenient compared to autos , and in the long run just could n’t compete .
Los Angeles is typical in this respect .
It has neither the high population density nor the concentrated downtown necessary to support rail transit .
The PE , which was owned by the Southern Pacific railroad , made a profit in only 8 of the 42 years it was in business under its own name .
The problem was exacerbated by the fact that many PE lines in LA proper operated on city streets , and as more cars crowded those streets , service got progressively slower .
( The average speed on the run to Santa Monica was only 13 MPH . )
Buses were looked on as the transit industry ’s salvation because they were cheaper to operate and maintain than trolleys , with no tracks or wires .
In fact , the PE had begun to convert to buses in 1917 , and had changed over 35 percent of its system by 1939 .
A state commission in the late 30s urged that busification continue , and by the early 1950s most of the tracks were gone .
The last line gave up the ghost in 1961 .
It ’s too bad — some think the PE could have been the nucleus of a decent , if heavily subsidized , modern rail system — but blaming GM is like blaming the inventor of gunpowder for war .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Boston police are investigating allegations that officers who were assigned to guard the home of a homicide suspect remained inside his apartment , watching television and resting on the couch even before detectives obtained a search warrant .
On Tuesday night , seven hours after Christopher Jamison , 23 , allegedly shot Anthony Perry , 22 , in Jamaica Plain , officers went inside his Roxbury home and ordered his mother to leave .
After police looked through the apartment to be sure no one else was present , at least two officers remained inside most of the night without a warrant , said Ozell Hudson Jr. , a Boston - based lawyer representing Jamison 's mother .
When the mother returned to her apartment around noon Thursday , she saw two officers sitting on her couch , Hudson said .
Police still had not obtained a search warrant .
" The manner in which this search was done was certainly contrary to established constitutional procedures , " said Hudson , who added that he was at the apartment Tuesday night .
Officers have the right to seize a home after a crime if they believe a suspect remains inside or there is evidence they must obtain immediately , according to police and legal specialists .
Once they have ensured no one is inside the home , they should stand guard outside and prevent anyone from entering until a search warrant is executed .
Officers can go back in only if they believe someone entered after they seized the home , said Elaine Driscoll , spokeswoman for the Police Department .
The policy , which is dictated by the Fourth Amendment assuring right to privacy , also guards against accusations of evidence - tampering , she said .
Driscoll said internal affairs investigators are looking into the allegations Hudson raised .
Dana Curhan , an appellate lawyer in Boston who has handled search - and - seizure cases , said police can go back " if there is some kind of emergency situation where evidence is about to be destroyed or somebody might be in danger . "
" Other than that , they pretty much have to wait , " he said .
" It sounds like an incredible violation of these people 's privacy if they 're camping out in their living room for two days . "
Driscoll said police seized the apartment at 8:29 p.m. Tuesday , obtained a search warrant at 2 p.m.
Thursday , and searched it about a half - hour later .
" We apologize to Ms. Jamison for any inconvenience that our presence may have caused , " she said .
" The legal process required to execute a search warrant can take anywhere from an hour to a couple days .
It is our goal to be as expeditious as possible , but being thorough is more important . "
Two firearms were found in the apartment after the search warrant was obtained , said two law enforcement officials with knowledge of the investigation .
Former prosecutors and defense lawyers said it is unusual to take so long to obtain a search warrant .
Police only need to provide probable cause to persuade a judge or magistrate to issue a search warrant , they said .
Most warrants are issued within hours .
" You do n't need proof beyond a reasonable doubt , " said Robert M. Griffin , former chief of prosecutions for Suffolk Superior Court and a Boston defense lawyer .
" You want to get the warrant as soon as possible .
The longer you wait , the more potential for lost evidence . "
Driscoll declined to describe the investigators ' probable cause because the homicide is now before a grand jury .
She described the case as complex because homicide investigators were receiving new information every hour that they needed to include in the affidavit .
Hudson said whatever police obtained during the search could be tainted by their earlier presence inside the apartment .
Hudson said he was at the apartment for three hours Tuesday night and saw officers going inside several times , locking the door behind them .
One young patrolman refused to go inside , saying he believed he should stand guard at the door , Hudson said .
" I told him , ' You 're the only one getting it right , ' " Hudson said .
Legal specialists said it is would be almost impossible to prove police searched the home before the warrant was obtained .
It could , however , affect the way jurors perceive police during the trial , Griffin said .
" Whether or not it 's going to result in a negative verdict for the Commonwealth , nobody can answer that question , " he said .
" But it 's enough to stain the credibility of the police . "
Maria Cramer can be reached at mcramer@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The games industry is rushing headlong to Agile development methodologies just now ; it ’s a great source of excitement for some , with conference sessions and magazine articles left , right and centre , and “ evangelists ” spreading the word .
I ’m sick of it .
I ca n’t wait for the day when everyone realises how much of a fad - diet , religious - cult - inspired , money - making exercise it is for a group of consultants .
I ca n’t wait for people to wake up to the fact that the only good parts of Agile are just basic common sense and do n’t need a “ manifesto ” or evangelists to support them .
I ’m looking forward to people realising that Agile is aimed at the lousiest of in - house enterprise - IT developers and holds no benefit to consumer product people like us .
I ’m hoping that people begin to see through the hype and recognise its dangers and failures .
I want to stop hearing the phrase Scrum Master .
Please , let common sense prevail !
Let ’s slow down and start at the beginning .
What is Agile anyway ?
To understand the Agile movement properly , you have to go back in time and look at the context of where it came from .
The Agile people will say it was a backlash against the heavyweight , bureacratic , manufacturing - analogy - inspired development processes that became fashionable in the 1980s : waterfall , software metrics , and the CMM .
And it was , but that ’s missing the point somewhat .
The key thing is that it was designed by consultants , aimed squarely at the world of in - house enterprise IT : a world where mediocre developers work for large corporations that do n’t understand software development , but can afford to buy in expensive consultants to “ save ” their runaway projects .
It was precisely these developers that were worst affected by overly - heavyweight processes ( ironically , because those processes were pushed at them by consultants in the first place ! ) – pure waterfall and CMM never really caught on with companies that make software products ( certainly not with game developers ! ) .
At some point in the 90s , a group of consultants began to realise that bureacracy was killing the projects they consulted on , and they turned to some more lightweight , common - sense ways of developing software .
Fair enough .
But unfortunately , they needed to do more than that .
Firstly , they had to codify and formalise their development methods , so their mediocre clients could continue to apply them after they ’d moved onto the next job .
And secondly , they had to make their methods trendy and fashionable , so that clueless management at big corporations would hire them in .
Enter the “ Agile manifesto ” and “ Extreme Programming ” .
Do n’t believe me ?
Take a look at some of the websites of these high priests , sorry , I mean signatories to the “ agile manifesto ” : Kent Beck , Mike Beedle , Alistair Cockburn , Martin Fowler , James Grenning , Jim Highsmith , Andrew Hunt , Ron Jeffries , Jon Kern , Brian Marick , Robert C. Martin , Steve Mellor , Ken Schwaber and Jeff Sutherland ( I omitted the one or two that I could n’t find consulting sites for ) .
Could they pimp their stuff any more blatantly ?
Even if you love Agile , you can surely see how disgustingly commercial these sites are .
Want to learn about Agile ?
Buy my book !
Come on my courses and seminars !
Hire my consultants !
Did I mention that I was an original signatory to the manifesto ?
Put simply , Agile is one big money - making exercise for a group of consultants .
That does n’t sound so much like something you want to run your projects by , does it ?
Where did we come in ?
I do n’t suppose the founders of Agile intended to suck game developers in .
After all , we do n’t generally pay consultants to “ fix ” our projects .
Unfortunately , viral marketing , fad - diet schemes spread further than intended .
At first , it does n’t look like a good fit : game development has never suffered from bureacracy or heavyweight processes .
The very reason for Agile ’s existence is n’t a factor for us .
The trouble is , we ’re desperate .
We ’ve had a project - management / development process crisis for a while now .
Projects have exploded in size , and the traditional cowboy - coding approach does n’t scale .
Agile appears to be a good match because it promises to handle “ changing requirements ” ( for us , that means designers chasing the elusive fun factor ) .
A lightweight approach sounds good to people who are still cowboy coders at heart .
Add on the marketing hype , and it ’s not surprising that we ’re flocking to it .
What ’s wrong with Agile ?
Firstly , beware following any kind of methodology .
All methodologies imply a prescribed approach , a single - minded , fixed set of processes that removes flexibility and rationality .
But in software , they ’re fundamentally designed for mediocre developers who ca n’t think for themselves .
They ’re designed by consultants who wo n’t be around for long .
It ’s a bit like fast food recipes : rigid steps designed for minimum wage workers to apply thoughtlessly and without understanding .
And that ’s great : it ’s the key to success for cheap fast food outlets .
But I work on complex problems , and I ’d like to aim higher than that .
The main Scrum book has the cheek to pretend it ’s better than a methodology , saying “ Methodologies are like cookbooks : follow their recipes and a successful system will result ” .
They then explain how a methodology is defined by filling in templates , revealing that what they really mean is that Scrum is better than certain specific methodologies that went before , because it does n’t have templates to fill in .
Fine .
But do n’t make false pretences : seven pages later , they ’re saying “ I strongly recommend these practices be strictly adhered to until you understand why and how Scrum works ” .
Sound familiar ?
A specific danger of the Agile processes is doing the easy parts and not the hard parts .
I ’ve seen a number of teams saying they ’re adopting Scrum , but when you look closely they ’re doing the trivial parts ( such as daily stand - up meetings and calling someone a Scrum Master ) and missing out on tricky but important ingredients that could actually help them ( for example , making their team cross- functional and reflecting on their practices regularly ) .
Similarly , it would be easy to take the trivial parts of XP ( not doing up - front design ) and ignore some important elements of the discipline ( on - site customer , constant refactoring ) .
There ’s a massive danger for game developers here : you ’re currently doing cowboy coding , you switch to an Agile methodology and trick yourself ( and management ) into thinking that everything ’s going to be better for it , but you only take on a few cosmetic things , so you ’re still just a cowboy .
Agile gives you an excuse for not introducing a little rigour and discipline into your project .
Let ’s face it , as game developers , we ’re nowhere near in danger of using heavyweight development processes .
We could quite safely do a little more documentation , design and planning without getting anywhere near a waterfall process or the CMM .
Agile can get in the way of that .
Let ’s take a look at a couple of specific points from the Agile manifesto :
“ Individuals and interactions over processes and tools ” I could n’t agree more with , but strangely , Agile is all about following processes and rarely mentions that having top people is the best thing you can ever do for a project ( you could say your hiring process is more important than your development process ! ) .
“ Working software over comprehensive documentation ” is something I agree with , but I do n’t see this changing game development at all , because we never document much anyway .
This simply encourages people to consider doing no documentation as valid , which may be dangerous .
“ Customer collaboration over contract negotiation ” sounds amazing , and really could be beneficial to developers – but this comes under the category of “ hard part , will ignore and do the other bits ” .
Traditional developer / publisher relationships are dominated by up - front milestone schedules and unrealistically rigid contracts that allow publishers to pull the plug at inconvenient times .
It would be wonderful to have a different relationship with a publisher , but very few developers achieve this .
“ Responding to change over following a plan ” is valid strictly in the sense of not following plans to the letter even when they ’re out of date , but I ca n’t say I ’ve ever met developers stupid enough to do that .
Again , the danger is that it gives validity to the idea of not doing planning at all , which is a common tendency in the first place .
This manifesto item really misses the point of planning : the greatest value of planning lies not in the following of the plan , but in the making of the plan .
In Eisenhower ’s words , “ The plan is nothing .
Planning is everything . ”
The bad science checklist
My checklist from last time ( there ’s a reason I wrote that post first !! ) comes in handy when trying to cut through the hype .
Here are some ways that Agile fails :
Not presenting all the evidence .
Agile books love to give one or two case studies describing how great it all is .
I do n’t think I ’ve ever seen the Agile proponents talk candidly about failed projects .
It ’s ridiculous to believe that there are n’t any at all ( in fact , there are some huge ones – more on that later ) .
Personal observation and testimonial is everywhere .
Going back to the Scrum book , their opening case study is a team of “ eight highly skilled engineers … among the best I ’ve worked with …
It was said they could n’t produce anything , that it was a total disaster ” .
For me this says more about the quality of people they ’ve worked with than anything else !
From what follows , the team ’s management was certainly not highly skilled : they did n’t even have a list of the remaining software features written down .
They could n’t say no to feature creep and changing project direction .
After a few pages of the consultants introducing basic common - sense practices , he says “ it became apparent that I was fulfilling a management job ” .
No shit !
Being honest with the evidence .
It is , of course , hard to find honesty from a group of people who are trying to sell consultancy .
Emotional attachment is encouraged throughout Agile ; a large part of the movement ’s success is owed to its fanatical cult - like support .
This support is n’t accidental : the creation of a “ manifesto ” , talk of “ values ” – all have been carefully designed to attract emotional support , because that leads to free viral marketing and evangelical propaganda .
Unfortunately , this emotional attachment can get in the way of honest , rational thinking .
Ad hominem attacks : if you ’re not Agile , you get painted as heavyweight ( waterfall ) , or a “ cowboy ” .
Even if you were ( and I ’m neither ) , it would n’t say anything about Agile itself .
I should also point out the burden of proof .
It should n’t be necessary to write about the problems of Agile ; if Agile is so great , there should be some evidence for it .
I struggle to see much when you look beyond the hype .
Agile loves to show how it ’s better than waterfall , and better than cowboy coding .
Maybe – but I ’d like to aim higher than that , because my team ’s not doing either of those right now .
Extreme Programming is one of the most prominent parts of the Agile movement ; did you know that its inaugural project was a miserable failure ?
After that start , it ’s a wonder it got any further – but I guess it had too cool a name .
Hyping common sense
The hype really annoys me !
There are decent parts to Agile , but they ’re just common sense .
They do n’t need a movement or a manifesto behind them , and they do n’t need stupid terminology .
I do n’t see why I should have to call a colleague a “ Scrum Master ” and keep a straight face .
I do n’t see why I should have to estimate a task in “ Story Points ” when , the last time I checked , units of time were perfectly good measures of the length of a task .
Planning poker is great , but did you know that it ’s just Wideband Delphi , which dates back to the 1940s ?
Admittedly , those Agile guys put a far catchier name on it .
I ’m sick of the slavish following of methodologies .
I ’m sick of debating precisely how the role of a Scrum Master is defined .
I ’m sick of people referring to the Scrum textbook for guidance as though it were a religious text .
I ’m sick of discussing how to define velocity .
I ’m sick of debating what the best length for a sprint is , and whether different teams should sychronise their sprints or not .
I ’ve even heard a debate about the “ correct ” length of a sprint review .
Grrrr !!!!
Scrum
Scrum ’s probably the most prominent part of Agile in games just now .
Where it works , it ’s like a sticking plaster over a gaping wound : a set of processes that attempt to cover up the worst symptoms of dysfunctional software teams run by incompetent managers .
If you ’re a decently - run software team , it ’s not going to help you .
Let ’s take a look at the Scrum practices in detail :
Having daily stand - up meetings is ludicrous ; it exists simply to protect against the dysfunction of team members that never talk to one another .
The Scrum literature goes on about how great it is that people ca n’t be blocked by anything for more than a day because of these meetings .
In anything resembling a normal , common - sense team , people will surely raise blockages with their manager as soon as they occur and not need to wait for a daily meeting !
The < barf > Scrum Master < / barf > , according to the book , is “ a new management role introduced by Scrum … responsible for ensuring that Scrum values , practices , and rules are enacted and enforced ” .
Could you think of anything more pointlessly circular ?
A whole new management role , just to ensure that the methodology is followed .
This is where you begin to see how Scrum is aimed at badly managed teams .
I ’m not a great fan of methodologies , but if you are going to use one , surely your existing manager should be capable of ensuring the team follows it ?
The “ sprint ” , or in plain English , one iteration of software development , is nothing new .
You ’d have to be pretty feeble to benefit from moving to these .
If you ’re a smoothly running team , you ’ll probably lose out as you switch to a fixed - duration iteration rather than doing the common sense thing of picking a natural time period to fit your circumstances .
The various process bureacracy elements that come with sprints ( sprint planning , sprint review , sprint retrospective ) are also things that any half - decent team do anyway , just without silly names and not necessarily on such a regimented timetable .
The concept of rigidly refusing to change what you ’re doing within a sprint is clearly there to protect against feeble managers who ca n’t say no to their employers even when it ’s in their best interests .
The product backlog is just an estimated , prioritised list of everything you have left to do .
I find it hard to imagine a working software team that does n’t have this already , whether in a bug database , spreadsheet or whatever .
Again , this could only be of benefit to a pretty lousy team .
Having an assigned person ( the “ product owner ” ) to control the backlog exists purely to combat a crazy situation where multiple people tell developers what to do .
Here ’s where Scrum ’s in - house enterprise IT background shows through clearly .
You can just picture a corporation where the developers are second - class citizens , with a lousy manager , and anyone can tell them what to do , with no vision or direction for their work .
I guess following Scrum helps these poor souls to stand up to the rest of their corporation .
For the rest of us , it ’s irrelevant .
If you ’re a software product company that ships commercial software , you ’ll already have sorted out who makes decisions on features and product vision .
And wherever you work , if your manager ca n’t spot this problem arising and fix it themselves , they ’re incompetent and you have bigger problems .
The Scrum team itself !
The team is , allegedly , “ accorded full authority to do whatever it decides is necessary to achieve the goal ” .
This whole empowered - team concept is pure BS .
Of course they ’re not accorded full authority – nowhere near .
This is simply about downtrodden , second - class - citizen , in - house - IT developers clawing back a tiny bit more authority than they previously had – authority that every other software team in the world takes for granted .
Scrum also bangs on about the cross-functional team , as though this is some kind of revelation .
There should n’t be any need for game developers to get excited over that .
We ’ve had designers , artists and programmers working together since the earliest of times .
The “ Scrum room ” – where all Scrum meetings take place – is apparently worth a mention in the process .
All this says to me is that the whole process is aimed at developers who do n’t even have a meeting room with whiteboards .
By bringing in a Scrum consultant , perhaps they ’ll get one .
But you have to ask yourself : if your employer wo n’t give you a meeting room with whiteboards unless a consultant tells them to , do n’t you have bigger problems ?
There is literally nothing here of any interest to me .
It ’s a bunch of common sense ( sometimes bordering on banal ) stuff , with some very arbitrary decisions made for you on things like meeting frequencies , and some really stupid terminology .
I do n’t see how it benefits anyone but the worst of teams , and they have bigger problems .
It ’d be like trying to improve a crap professional sports team by copying all the trivialities of the best teams : when to eat , when to train , when to go to sleep , what to call the coach .
I ’m sure it would improve them and take some of the worst problems away , but it ’s not going to make them great .
Sorry for the bad sports analogy , but it seemed somehow appropriate 🙂
I would like to think we can all aim higher than this .
And a number of people are starting to wake up to this too .
Last week , Republicans were forced to make difficult financial decisions that impacted several of their top challengers .
Today , those hard choices are impacting incumbents .
Multiple sources with knowledge of GOP spending decisions tell The Scorecard the National Republican Congressional Committee has pulled ad money from Colorado 's Fourth Congressional District , where Rep. Marilyn Musgrave faces a difficult race for a fourth term .
The NRCC has already invested just over $ 800,000 on Musgrave 's behalf , including a $ 376,000 media buy this week , according to FEC reports filed Monday .
Those ads will continue to run , leaving Musgrave without GOP backing for the final week before Election Day .
The DCCC has spent about $ 775,000 on behalf of ex-congressional aide Betsy Markey , and outside groups like Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund and EMILY 's List have run a whopping $ 1.15 million in ads of their own slamming Musgrave .
comments closed
permalink
During the offensive on Hamas in Gaza , Israel bombed hundreds of tunnels on the Gaza - Egypt border .
Destroying the tunnels – also the main supply route for Gaza 's Hamas rulers boycotted by the West – was one of the main goals of Operation Cast Lead that Israel unleashed on Hamas on December 27 The Israeli military estimates that between 60 to 70 per cent of tunnels were destroyed during its bombing campaign , the evidence of which is everywhere one looks along the border .
For example , under the new proposed Bush rule , it seems that pharmacists could refuse to help you if you come asking for :
1. Condoms
2. Birth control
3 . Anything they find morally objectionable ( Does that mean only “ innocent victims ” of HIV / AIDS will be able to get their medicine ?
And what about Viagra ? )
What happens if my pharmacist is a Christian Scientist – does that mean they do n’t have to dispense any medicine at all ?
And what if my pharmacists is a Baptist and thinks Catholics worship Satan – does he have to help Satan worshippers ?
According to Congresswoman DeGette ’s office ( D - CO ) , the new rule could permit a receptionist to refuse to make an appointment that she finds immoral , it could permit a lab technician to not run tests , or even clean equipment , for procedures that he finds immoral .
Bush is doing this for the nutjobs on the religious right , and the far - right Republicans running the Catholic church .
They do n’t care if you ’re rushed to the emergency room and the doctor on call refuses to help you because you ’re gay or because you ’re Muslim or because you ’re Jewish .
They only care about perpetuating hate .
More on this from Cong. DeGette .
So the British people are going to get a President after all .
He will " speak for the nation and to the nation " .
He will rule over us with his " knowledge and contacts and unique ability . "
How do we know ?
Because Charles Windsor has just announced – via his biographer , Jonathan Dimbleby – that he is seizing the role for himself , without an election .
Explicitly citing the Presidencies of Ireland and Germany , Dimbleby says Charles intends to be a " political " King .
It will be " a seismic shift in the role of the sovereign , " he says , with " the potential to be politically and constitutionally explosive . "
Sing it , sister .
This is the best news we Republicans have had for years – and finally throws up a vision of how the rusty British monarchy will fall .
Charles says the " responsibility and authority of his position " – and the " wisdom " it entails – requires him to " speak out " and " pressure " our elected representatives .
A bevy of fawning pundits have responded by crying – yes !
Speak for us , oh sovereign !
We commoners cannot produce one as wise as you !
So I have to start with a point so obvious that it seems odd even to state it in 2008 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Charles 's position stems from one thing and one thing only : he emerged from Elizabeth Windsor 's womb 60 years ago .
That 's it .
He has no " responsibility . "
He has no legitimate " authority . "
He has no more right to " speak for the nation and to the nation " – and pocket £ 7 m a year for the bother – than you , me , or the next person you see at the bus stop .
If not for that fortuitous journey through a royal womb , Charles Windsor 's " wise " arguments would be gathering dust in the reject bin at certain newspapers ' letters pages .
If his advocates did n't keep praising him as " a public intellectual " I would n't be rude enough to point it out , but Charles Windsor is a strikingly stupid man .
Every time he has been put into a competitive situation where he is judged according to objective criteria , he has been a disaster .
Despite the most expensive education money can buy , he managed only to scrape a B and a C in his A - Levels .
Despite this , he was admitted to Cambridge University , where he failed again , barely scraping a 2:2 .
When he was ushered into the Navy , he was so inept at navigation he kept crashing .
Anybody else would have been court - martialled , but instead the Navy gave him one - on - one tuition for years .
And still he failed .
And what of his arguments ?
They are garbled , uninformed , cliché - ridden repetitions of what the last person who spoke to him said .
His very sympathetic biographer Dimbleby admits that his staff " were uncomfortable with his tendency to reach instant conclusions on the basis of insufficient thought " .
Edward Adeane , Charles ' private secretary for many years , was disturbed by the fact that " Charles was extraordinarily easy to lead by the nose " .
What do these " interventions " really consist of ?
Charles Windsor scorns modern science , attacking it for its " lack of soul " and for " playing God " .
So he uses his position to attack qualified life - saving professionals who earned their position , like the General Medical Council – and says he knows better .
He demands that the NHS pay for " spiritual , alternative medicine " , and has been a key player in ensuring the NHS now spends £ 200 m a year on it .
But as Professor Richard Dawkins explains , there is no such thing as " alternative " medicine .
If a treatment works in clinical trials , it ceases to be " alternative " : it is classified as medicine and prescribed by doctors .
So " alternative medicine " is – by definition – medicine that does n't work in clinical trials .
It is not medicine at all .
Charles 's other arguments have just as much merit .
Even on the ( rare ) occasions when he is right , Charles wrecks it with rancid hypocrisy .
His claims to be opposed to global warming would be more persuasive if he were not one of the worst personal polluters in Britain , using a private jet for the most trivial of trips .
His claims to be concerned for the poor would be more persuasive if he did not claim more than £ 300 m of public land that should be used to pay for schools and hospitals to fund his own shocking decadence .
But even if Charles Windsor was a genius who represented a political agenda I totally agreed with , I would still oppose his " right " to be an unelected Head of State .
In a democracy , power should stem from voting lines , not blood - lines .
Yet Charles has shown a willingness to use his unearned position to bully elected representatives for decades now .
One former minister , Peter Morrison , has recounted how Charles called him into Kensington Palace and screamed and shouted and banged his fist on the table when Morrison would n't accept his arguments about the national curriculum .
It 's easy to assume that as monarch Charles would have no powers – but it 's untrue .
The monarch gets an hour of face - time with the Prime Minister every week , has access to all government papers , and – in a tie - break election – gets to pick the Prime Minister .
This is n't a fantasy - scenario : it happened as recently as 1974 , and it will happen again .
To be fair , we should blame ourselves as much as Charles .
Monarchy inevitably warps the personality of the people at its heart , because from childhood they hear nothing but sycophancy .
One of Charles ' ex-girlfriends said : " He lives in an isolation ward of flattery .
He goes to Hollywood and is told he 's handsome .
He swaps jokes with a comic genius like Peter Sellers , and they fall down laughing .
He boffs a woman once , and she tells him he 's the greatest lover she 's ever had . "
It is this system that made this dim - witted mediocrity believe he has a womb - given right to be our President .
We made it .
We created the monster .
So what happens when this man accedes to the throne and pretends to be our President ?
In Spain , Sophia Frederica , the " Queen " , has begun to speak out – and support for the monarchy has withered .
So let Charles speak .
Let him grab the reins of power .
Let him spew his ignorant babble from his many golden palaces .
Charles Windsor will – in an unprecedented moment of efficiency – lead us at last into the Republic of Great Britain .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
A father of four died after eating a single mouthful of curry as he sat down to watch The X Factor .
Angus Myers said " That 's got nuts in " , before collapsing in front of his wife and 11 - year - old son on Saturday night .
The 32 - year - old mechanic suffered a suspected allergic reaction to a takeaway chicken tikka masala .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
His wife Marie tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead in hospital .
The 29 - year - old student nurse said her husband of six years had asked staff at the Indian takeaway restaurant whether the curry contained nuts and was told that it did not .
She described how they sat down in the living room of their Carville , County Durham home to watch the X - Factor results when tragedy struck .
Today she was too upset to speak to the press , but earlier she told The Northern Echo : " He 'd put our youngest to bed and he said ' We 'll just get a takeaway ' , and I suggested an Indian .
" We decided what to have and he rang and asked if they have got nuts in .
They said no .
" It was delivered and we sat down to watch the X Factor results .
As soon as it touches his mouth he knows if it 's got nuts in or not .
" He said ' That 's got nuts in ' . "
Mr Myers was taken to The University Hospital of North Durham in Durham City but doctors were unable to save him .
Mrs Myers said her husband had always had a nut allergy but his most severe reaction previously had been to feel sick for a couple of hours .
Mr Myers leaves children Ben , four , Jonathan , 10 , Shaun , aged 11 , and Gabrielle , aged 12 .
The coroner for Durham said an inquest into his death was opened and adjourned yesterday .
Steve , as George W. Bush called him , likes cuddling pussycats as he devises climate policies that bring Canada closer to Armageddon .
Jason Ransom photo .
Steve , as George W. Bush called him , likes cuddling pussycats as he devises climate policies that bring Canada closer to Armageddon .
Jason Ransom photo .
The stakes are so high that we ’re urging a vote for the candidate with the best chance of defeating Stephen Harper in your riding .
During the 1992 U.S. presidential campaign , the Democrats ’ favourite phrase was : “ It ’s the economy , stupid . ”
In the 2008 Canadian federal election , party leaders have also become mesmerized by the economy , in the wake of the international credit crunch .
However , the real catch phrase of this campaign should be : “ It ’s the energy and climate crises , stupid . ”
That ’s because two root causes of the financial crisis are America ’s dependence on expensive foreign oil and the cost of maintaining troops in Iraq to secure future energy supplies .
The Conservative government under Stephen Harper has aligned Canada closely with the United States in this competition for scarce energy resources .
Harper has also taken several steps to bring Canadian economic , climate - change , and military policies in line with the debt - saddled superpower to the south .
Last February , for instance , the Harper government quietly signed a deal with the Bush administration to permit U.S. troops to enter this country in an emergency .
The effects of the U.S. real - estate and financial - sector meltdown have overshadowed the election campaign in Canada , which is now the largest supplier of oil to the United States .
Meanwhile , millions of lives are at risk around the world because of America ’s lust for fossil fuels coupled with its reluctance to sharply reduce greenhouse - gas emissions .
According to Michael T. Klare ’s new book , Rising Powers , Shrinking Planet : The New Geopolitics of Energy ( Metropolitan Books , $ 29 ) , the race for energy resources is radically changing the international balance of power .
America consumes almost a quarter of the world ’s oil .
However , its suppliers are being wooed by a long list of competitors , including China , India , Germany , and Japan .
Higher energy prices have led to a reduced standard of living for the North American middle and lower classes .
Canada ’s thriving petrodollar , the result of high oil prices , is hampering the competitiveness of Canadian tourism , film , manufacturing , and forest industries .
The relatively high price of oil has also been the catalyst for an international investment frenzy in the Alberta tar sands , causing widespread environmental destruction .
To appease the oil industry , the Harper government has provided millions of dollars in subsidies and muzzled government scientists to prevent them from commenting on the environmental effects of tar - sands developments .
Harper , the son of a former Imperial Oil executive , once described the Kyoto Protocol to limit greenhouse gases as “ a socialist scheme to suck money out of wealth - producing nations ” .
The Conservatives , like their Republican counterparts in the U.S. , have refused to cap greenhouse - gas emissions to curb climate change .
To the delight of tar - sands producers , Harper has instead legislated greenhouse - gas “ intensity ” reductions beginning in 2010 .
According to SFU energy researchers , the federal plan is “ highly unlikely ” to meet Harper ’s stated goal of reducing greenhouse - gas emissions by 20 percent by 2020 .
UVic climate scientist Andrew Weaver told the Georgia Straight last month that Harper and his cabinet did not consult with Environment Canada scientists as his government developed the plan .
“ It is based on ideology and what ’s best for the Alberta oil - sands industry , ” Weaver claimed .
At the Bali climate conference last year , the Conservative government opposed efforts by the European Union to reduce emissions by 25 to 40 percent by 2020 .
Canada adopted this position even though global warming has accelerated far faster than anticipated by any of the models presented a few years ago by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
When a Canadian government scientist , Mark Tushingham , wrote a novel on the theme of climate change , the Harper government prohibited him from discussing it at the National Press Club in 2006 .
In August , a Health Canada official revealed that the Conservative government delayed for more than a year the publication of a report on the health impacts of climate change .
Meanwhile , Harper ’s Security and Prosperity Partnership with the United States and Mexico is another step along the road to continental integration .
Some of Harper ’s ideological friends at right - wing think tanks like the Fraser Institute have also promoted a common North American currency .
Do n’t be surprised if Harper moves in this direction if he wins a majority government .
In addition , the Conservatives and Liberals have extended Canadian combat operations in southern Afghanistan to 2011 .
This is another sop to the Americans , freeing up U.S. troops to exert control over oil - rich Iraq .
Harper ’s love of the military mission in Afghanistan has cost Canadian taxpayers vast sums of money , not to mention almost 100 lives .
Security analyst David Perry has written a soon - to - be- published paper putting a $ 22 - billion price tag on the Afghanistan war , according to a recent report in the Ottawa Citizen .
This includes future payments to cover the cost of operations until 2012 , equipment , and health care for veterans of the war .
The vast majority of Canadians do n’t support Harper ’s policies on the war and on climate change .
Recent polls have suggested that the Conservatives might end up with around 35 percent of the vote .
However , because of our “ first past the post ” system , Harper could still win a majority and push Canada more deeply into the orbit of the declining American empire .
An Ekos tracking poll from September 30 to October 2 suggested that the Conservatives could win 152 seats .
“ Conservatives tantalizingly close to a majority ” , Ekos stated in an October 3 news release .
For Harper ’s critics , there are many reasons not to vote Conservative , beyond the cost of the Afghanistan war and the idiocy of integrating Canada more deeply into the U.S. economy .
They include : the Conservative leader ’s misleading use of crime statistics to make Canada appear less safe than it is ; his big lie that he would n’t tax income trusts ; his other big lie in refusing to acknowledge that a Liberal carbon tax is offset with big income - tax cuts ; Harper presiding over declines in Canadian productivity ; Harper ’s abandonment of agreements with the provinces that would have created more daycare spaces ; the Conservative government ’s decision to appeal a B.C. Supreme Court ruling in favour of Vancouver ’s supervised - injection site ; Harper ’s elimination of the Court Challenges Program and the killing of the Kelowna Accord ; Harper ’s stacking of a stem - cell advisory panel with opponents of embryonic stem - cell research ; Harper ’s $ 45 - million cuts to the arts ; and Harper ’s refusal to support the United Nations goal of having developed countries donate 0.7 percent of their national incomes to international development .
Many of Harper ’s policies could be fixed by future governments .
But his refusal to acknowledge the severity of the climate - change crisis and his relentless march toward continental integration could have irreversible effects on Canada and the world .
The other parties have policies to address climate change .
The NDP has supported a cap - and - trade system .
The Liberals and the Greens have gone further , promoting cap and trade as well as a carbon tax .
Although many environmentalists prefer the Liberal and Green climate - change plans , peace activists applaud the NDP ’s call for immediate withdrawal from Afghanistan .
So there are good reasons for voting for all three parties .
But splitting the votes among Harper ’s opponents only increases the likelihood of a Conservative majority .
In the last federal election , there were 39 ridings in which Conservative candidates won by a margin of less than 10 percent .
The majority can toss Harper out of power forever by voting strategically .
In previous elections , the Georgia Straight has recommended the best candidates in each riding .
Because the stakes are so high this year , we ’re joining the cross-country grassroots movement to promote strategic voting and deny Harper a majority .
We have examined the polls , looked at previous voting patterns , and assessed the impact of each party ’s campaign in B.C. in 2008 .
After doing this , we ’ve recommended the candidate with the best chance of defeating the Conservative .
In some instances — such as in South Surrey - White Rock - Cloverdale and Vancouver Centre — we ’ve overlooked outstanding candidates because we do n’t think they have the best chance of winning .
With crucial international climate negotiations scheduled to begin next year in Copenhagen , this is no time for vote - splitting .
Harper already has the support of some of Canada ’s largest media corporations .
The only way he ’ll be stopped is if enough responsible citizens vote strategically on Tuesday ( October 14 ) .
Here are Straight recommendations for 19 Lower Mainland ridings .
Liberal Hedy Fry is in a tough race in Vancouver Centre .
Liberal Hedy
Fry is in a tough race in Vancouver Centre .
Vancouver Centre
Hedy Fry ( Liberal )
Fry , a medical doctor , defeated NDP candidate Svend Robinson by almost 9,000 votes in 2006 .
Now she ’s in a tougher race because Conservative Lorne Mayencourt could siphon off some of her support in the gay community .
The Conservatives won this riding with high - profile candidates in three consecutive elections in the 1980s , so they ca n’t be ruled out this time .
Meanwhile , NDP candidate Michael Byers risks losing votes to Green party deputy leader Adriane Carr because of NDP Leader Jack Layton ’s refusal to support a carbon tax .
All things considered , Fry remains the best bet to keep the Conservatives from taking this seat .
Vancouver East
Libby Davies ( NDP )
This is a no-brainer .
It ’s the one riding that the Conservatives have no chance of winning .
Davies , a former city councillor , has worked exceptionally hard on behalf of her constituents since first being elected in 1997 .
She deserves another term .
Vancouver Kingsway
Don Davies ( NDP )
It ’s not likely that the Conservatives will take Vancouver Kingsway .
Davies , a lawyer and former political aide in Alberta , is hard - working , humble , and understands the legislative process .
The NDP ’s high standing in the polls in this region suggests it could pull off an upset in this riding if people vote strategically .
In 2004 , New Democrat Ian Waddell would have defeated David Emerson in Vancouver Kingsway by 1,126 votes if the anti-Emerson and anti-Conservative vote coalesced around the NDP .
Davies ’s main competitor , Liberal Wendy Yuan , is a businesswoman who would n’t be a disaster , unlike Emerson .
Green candidate Doug Warkentin is earnest and knowledgeable , but probably does n’t stand a chance of winning this time .
Vancouver Quadra
Joyce Murray ( Liberal )
There will be voters in this riding who cannot forgive Murray for slashing environmental - protection staff and restoring the grizzly hunt as a cabinet minister in Gordon Campbell ’s government .
But she understands the serious dangers of climate change , unlike Harper .
And Murray is the only candidate with a chance of defeating his local representative , Deborah Meredith , who lost a March by - election by a mere 151 votes .
With a united vote against Harper , Liberal Ujjal Dosanjh can easily beat the Conservatives .
With a united vote against Harper , Liberal Ujjal Dosanjh can easily beat the Conservatives .
Vancouver South
Ujjal Dosanjh ( Liberal )
The NDP and the Greens have no chance in this riding , which is the most multicultural constituency in the region .
Dosanjh can easily defeat Conservative challenger Wai Young if those who dislike Harper do n’t split their votes between the Liberals , the NDP , and the Greens .
Young may attract support from many immigrant voters of Chinese descent , but she wo n’t make it to Parliament if all those who dislike Harper vote for Dosanjh .
In Burnaby - Douglas , a strategic voter 's best bet to beat the Conservatives is the NDP's Bill Siksay .
In Burnaby - Douglas , a strategic voter 's best bet to beat the Conservatives is the NDP's Bill Siksay .
Burnaby - Douglas
Bill Siksay ( NDP )
Siksay , an ex-constituency assistant to former MP Svend Robinson , defeated Liberal Bill Cunningham by 1,244 votes in 2006 .
In 2004 , Siksay ’s margin over Cunningham was only 934 votes .
In this election , the Conservatives are running well - known Chinese - language media commentator Ronald Leung in a riding with a growing population of first - generation Chinese - speaking immigrants .
The Liberals probably have no chance , given their slide in provincewide polls in this election .
If Liberal and Green supporters want to stop the Conservative , the best bet is Siksay .
He ’s a hard - working MP and a staunch defender of arts and cultural programs .
Burnaby - New Westminster
Peter Julian ( NDP )
This is the second - safest NDP riding in the region after Vancouver East .
Julian is an effective MP who has been an able watchdog over Harper ’s moves toward continental integration .
For this , Julian deserves to be reelected .
The NDP's Dawn Black stands to gain from strategic voting .
The NDP's Dawn Black stands to gain from strategic voting .
New Westminster - Coquitlam
Dawn Black ( NDP )
In 2004 , Conservative Paul Forseth won this riding over his NDP rival by 113 votes .
The 19 - year - old Green candidate attracted 2,684 votes .
If the votes split in a similar way in this election , Conservative candidate Yonah Martin will be the riding ’s next MP .
Liberal Michelle Hassen is a good candidate , but a vote for her is only helping the Conservatives .
Black , the NDP ’s defence critic , is the only candidate with enough support to keep this seat out of Conservative hands .
North Vancouver Liberal Don Bell is a champion of the arts .
North Vancouver Liberal Don Bell is a champion of the arts .
North Vancouver
Don Bell ( Liberal )
Bell , the former mayor of the District of North Vancouver , is in a tough fight against financier Andrew Saxton , who is running for the Conservatives .
The Greens are fielding one of their strongest candidates , Jim Stephenson , whose presence on the ballot will only enhance the Conservatives ’ chances .
In 2004 , Bell edged Conservative Ted White by 2,071 votes .
In 2006 , Bell defeated Conservative Cindy Silver by 3,336 votes .
In Saxton , Bell is facing a stronger opponent than the two previous Conservative candidates .
The NDP and the Greens collected 12,386 votes in this riding in 2006 .
If they match that total this time , the Conservative candidate will probably win .
But if a few thousand former Green and NDP supporters vote Liberal , Bell will return to Ottawa .
He has been a strong advocate of retaining the CBC Radio Orchestra .
Bell also introduced a private member ’s bill to boost the local film industry .
West Vancouver - Sunshine Coast - Sea to Sky Country
Ian Sutherland ( Liberal )
West Vancouver and Whistler residents often vote Liberal , but former Conservative MP John Reynolds used to win the riding by pulling many votes from blue - collar communities like Powell River and Squamish .
Ian Sutherland is the mayor of Squamish and will draw votes in areas where the Liberals have traditionally been weak .
The incumbent , Green MP Blair Wilson , is his party ’s best hope for a breakthrough in B.C.
But with the Greens ’ provincewide support declining , Wilson probably has little chance of winning .
NDP candidate Bill Forst was a last - minute recruit after marijuana activist Dana Larsen withdrew .
The combined Liberal - Green - NDP vote in 2006 exceeded that of the Conservatives by 17,708 .
Sutherland could win this riding if there ’s enough strategic voting .
Given Wilson ’s profile , there ’s no guarantee this will happen .
Richmond
Raymond Chan ( Liberal )
Chan , the incumbent , is the only candidate who can stop Conservative Alice Wong .
Green candidate Michael Wolfe has been an outstanding advocate of preserving farmland , but he does n’t have a hope of winning .
Do Richmond ’s sea - level residents want Harper giving instructions to the Canadian delegation at the climate talks in Copenhagen in 2009 ?
Delta-Richmond East
Dana L. Miller ( Liberal )
In the past two federal elections , the Liberal vote far exceeded that of the NDP and the Greens in this riding .
Miller , a former Green candidate , is the best bet to defeat Conservative John Cummins .
However , Cummins took 48.44 percent of the vote in the 2006 election , so even if there ’s a lot of strategic voting , he ’ll probably win .
Surrey North
Rachid Arab ( NDP )
NDP Leader Jack Layton ’s populist bash - the - corporate - sector campaign could resonate with voters in Surrey North , which was represented by New Democrat Penny Priddy and , before that , by independent MP Chuck Cadman .
Arab , an aerospace worker and Lebanese immigrant , has a chance to defeat Cadman ’s widow , Dona , who is running for the Conservatives .
This is a riding in which strategic voting can deprive Harper of a seat that he thought he could take back from the NDP .
Newton–North Delta New Democrat Teresa Townsley is a strong advocate for education .
Newton–North Delta New Democrat Teresa Townsley is a strong advocate for education .
Newton - North Delta
Teresa Townsley ( NDP )
Some proponents of strategic voting think it ’s wise to go with Liberal incumbent Sukh Dhaliwal .
We disagree .
In 2006 , Dhaliwal won this riding as the only Sikh candidate for a major party , going against two Caucasians in a riding with 50,510 residents of South Asian descent .
Dhaliwal beat the NDP candidate by only 1,000 votes .
This time , the Liberal and Conservative candidates are both of South Asian descent , which will split that community ’s vote .
Even then , many South Asians will support the NDP .
Townsley , vice chair of the Delta school board and a former nurse , can also attract the support of a majority of non-South Asian residents who dislike Harper .
Keep in mind that the NDP holds provincial constituencies that overlap this riding .
If traditional Green supporters get behind Townsley ’s candidacy , this riding will remain out of Conservative hands .
Fleetwood - Port Kells
Brenda Locke ( Liberal )
In Fleetwood - Port Kells in 2006 , Conservative Nina Grewal defeated Liberal Brenda Locke by 828 votes .
The NDP and Green candidates together collected 12,020 votes .
This one is a no-brainer , notwithstanding the impressive human - rights record of NDP candidate Nao Fernando .
If you want to vote for the planet , you ’re going to have to get over the fact that Locke served in Gordon Campbell ’s B.C. Liberal government .
South Surrey - White Rock - Cloverdale
Judy Higginbotham ( Liberal )
The NDP candidate , Langara College political - science instructor Peter Prontzos , has impeccable credentials for public office .
He has been active in the peace and environment movements .
But the NDP has zero chance of winning this relatively wealthy riding .
That ’s why we ’re recommending Surrey city councilor Judy Higginbotham as the best bet to stop the incumbent , social conservative Russ Hiebert .
Last December , Hiebert told the Commons ethics committee that he did n’t think former prime minister Brian Mulroney did anything wrong by accepting $ 100,000 while still in office from businessman Karlheinz Schreiber .
When Hiebert and Higginbotham squared off in 2004 , Hiebert won by 3,149 votes .
In the same campaign , NDP and Green candidates captured 10,695 votes .
If enough South Surrey - White Rock - Cloverdale citizens vote Liberal , they could knock off a right - wing Conservative candidate and reduce the chance of Harper leading a majority government .
Langley
Andrew Claxton ( NDP )
In 2006 , Conservative Mark Warawa won with 52.57 percent of the vote , so no amount of strategic voting is likely to dislodge him in this election .
According to the Democratic Space Web site ( www.democraticspace.com/), the NDP is running second , which is why we ’re recommending Andrew Claxton , an ESL teacher .
( We also like the Green candidate , Patrick Meyer , who has been a strong advocate for cyclists and sustainable living . )
Port Moody - Westwood - Port Coquitlam
Zoe Royer ( NDP )
As the Straight went to press , the Democratic Space Web site placed Conservative James Moore safely in the lead .
The NDP was in second place , significantly ahead of the third - place Liberals and fourth - place Greens .
The NDP candidate , Zoe Royer , is a health administrator who also volunteers to help the homeless .
In 2006 , the Green , NDP , and Liberal votes exceeded Moore ’s total by 5,992 .
It demonstrates that if enough people vote strategically , the Conservative could be defeated in one of the party ’s safest ridings in Metro Vancouver .
Pitt Meadows - Maple Ridge - Mission
Mike Bocking ( NDP )
Bocking , president of CEP Local 2000 , has demonstrated in the past two elections that he is the only candidate who has a hope of defeating Conservative incumbent Randy Kemp .
Bocking has been a forceful leader of his union and is knowledgeable on a wide range of issues .
A vote for Liberal Dan Olsen or Green Mike Gildersleeve will only boost the likelihood that Harper ’s climate - change policies will have another Conservative supporter in Parliament .
Mr Algie said : " It was a spur of the moment decision , I just wanted to spend the holidays with my family but thought it would be quite nice to open up the shop , so this seemed like a good solution . "
Over the past decade the global average temperature has fallen to its lowest levels in 30 years :
1. International Falls , Minnesota -- the coldest location in the continental United States -- set a new record in January with a low temperature of minus 40 degrees and snowfall records have recently been set in 63 U.S. locations .
Ron Suskind captures it best in this vignette from 2001 as one of Bush 's top economic advisers actually said in a meeting in the president 's presence that Bush 's fiscal insouciance was bad policy :
According to senior administration officials who learned of the encounter soon after it happened , President Bush looked at the man .
" I do n't ever want to hear you use those words in my presence again , " he said .
" What words , Mr. President ? "
" Bad policy , " President Bush said .
" If I decide to do it , by definition it 's good policy .
I thought you got that . "
The advisor was dismissed .
The meeting was over .
Check out this video clip of Steve Jobs talking to Apple employees in 1997 , shortly after he returned to the company he co-founded in 1976 .
Michiel Heijmans Michiel is a partner at Yoast and our COO .
Internet veteran .
His main goal with most of his articles is to kick - start your site optimization .
So much to do !
WordPress in itself is a decent system but plugins can really take it to the next level .
Adding top WordPress plugins can make WordPress into the Swiss Army Knife of websites : just pull out whatever functionality you need for your specific site !
Top WordPress plugins
Many people have asked us for our list of top WordPress plugins .
Of course , we ’ve written quite a few WordPress plugins ourselves , but the list of great WordPress plugins is much larger than that .
In the article below , we list the top WordPress plugins we use ourselves , on this site or other sites we build , analyze & optimize .
This list changes over time ; this is probably not the last time we updated it .
Note : we listed the plugins in random order .
Let ’s go .
WP Rocket
It makes the sites you build perform to your expectations , instead of slowly crawling .
And yes , I think every site should be cached to get the maximum performance for each and every user , not just when you start hitting social sites .
We recommend using WP Rocket for that .
On a side note : we really like WP Rocket , but if your site is hosted by a great company like SiteGround ( like ours is ) caching and more speed optimization is taken care of .
This eliminates the need for a caching plugin .
Google Analytics by Monster Insights
Since we sold our Google Analytics for WordPress plugin to Monster Insights , they have actively developed and improved what we feel is the best plugin for adding and analyzing Google Analytics data right in your WordPress dashboard .
Please check out Google Analytics by Monster Insights for yourself .
Nested Pages
If your site grows larger and larger , you might start to feel the need to move around some pages .
A decent site structure helps Google to crawl your site in the most efficient way .
Nested Pages uses a nice drag - and - drop interface to maintain that site structure .
AMP
We predict a vast increase in the number of sites that are built solely in AMP as a replacement for your regular website .
It probably takes some years , but bottom line is that AMP makes your website more user - focused and faster .
Prepare your website with this plugins : AMP .
BlogVault
Not having a backup is n’t an option if you rely on your website for your business .
You can rely on Blogvault to create backups of your site , so you have one less thing to worry about .
BlogVault creates incremental backups , so your site wo n’t be overloaded .
Sucuri WAF
It ’s no secret that we really like Sucuri ’s security solutions for WordPress .
Awesome security monitoring and great service .
At least install their Sucuri Scanner plugin .
But I recommend checking Sucuri WAF and other products and decide what works best for you .
WP Google Authenticator
I would n’t even overthink adding this plugin to your WordPress site .
It ’s no hassle and will add an extra layer of security to your website .
An alternative could be Rublon , which works in a similar manner , but we usually use WP Google Authenticator .
Login Lockdown
For an extra layer of security , we recommend installing a plugin like Login Lockdown , that prevents automated login requests from firing a gazillion login attempts .
If some IP range does a surplus of attempts , the login function is disabled for all requests from that range .
For more details , check Login Lockdown in the plugin repo .
Any image compression plugin
Yes , I would like to name just one .
But the truth is that it depends on your website what plugin works best .
We have used Smush , tried EWWW .
Kraken.io has a plugin and ShortPixel has one .
And has anyone tried the premium Imagify ?
I would really like to see a comparison for these plugins from an independent , image - heavy website .
For now : pick one and use it .
Ninja Forms or Gravity Forms
Both are great plugins to create drag - and - drop forms .
Both provide an option for conditional logic and are really easy to use .
If you have a form on your website , and any website that has a contact page should have a form , I recommend using Gravity Forms or Ninja Forms .
Better Search Replace
Sometimes you need to do a search and replace in your database in order to make things work right , like after a domain migration .
There are more plugins that can help you do a search and replace in your database , but we have used Better Search Replace and found it very helpful .
As database actions should n’t be taken lightly , I recommend always performing a so - called dry run before doing the actual replacement .
This plugin allows for that dry run .
No , we ’re not leaving our own main plugin out here .
Simply because you really need it .
Yoast SEO plugin for WordPress
We believe this is the best SEO plugin out there , in our own humble opinion of course .
Install it on all your websites , simply because it takes care of all the SEO hassle and guides your editors into better writing .
To date , this is the only SEO plugin that is developed by SEO experts , where all the others are made by friendly people that are first and foremost software developers .
We stay on top of any changes in SEO and make sure these changes are implemented in the way we optimize your website .
That is why we feel our Yoast SEO for WordPress plugin should definitely be in this list of top WordPress plugins .
Read more : 5 handy WordPress plugins for your blog »
5 Surefire Ways to Stop Thinking Your Paycheck is Never Enough
Speaking with high earners about the paycheck not being enough always turns into an satisfying chat .
Even though the reasons are usually common ( you just do n’t know my situation being the most popular ) , we always end up with a good resolution .
Why ?
Because no excuse passes the “ the average income per household in 2007 was $ 50,233 ” test ( source : US Census Bureau ) .
Why can so many families live below $ 50,000 a year while others earning 4 times in the same country still feel poor ?
If you are wondering the answer to this question yourself , or if you feel like the paycheck is never enough , here are 5 suggestions for you :
1. Comparing Yourself to Others
A lady who got a windfall of $ 10 million ( after taxes ) in an interview with CNBC admitted that she felt poor .
The reason was simple – she was comparing herself to the super rich .
While she had $ 10 million dollars , she was wondering why she could n’t buy that $ 45 million dollar loft overlooking Central Park in Manhattan .
She wanted everything , so it made sense that she was disappointed .
As soon as you reach the top of a mountain , you will see that there are other mountains that are higher .
In fact , some mountains will seem higher even if they are not .
Stop comparing yourself to others .
2. Jumping Your Lifestyle Ahead of Schedule
Affordability is different for people earning $ 10 k , $ 50 k , $ 100 k , $ 250 k , $ 1 million , $ 50 million and so on a year .
If your salary is $ 50 k annually but you try to live the $ 100 k lifestyle , your paycheck will never be enough .
If you want to get ahead , the opposite ( living the $ 50 k lifestyle even if you are earning $ 100k ) is more appropriate .
3. Measure What You Have and not What is Missing
I have a espresso machine that pours a set amount of water into the cup .
One day , I used a huge mug and it seemed like there was no coffee in there .
The coffee obviously did n’t change , but the container ( our expectation ) did .
It seems obvious that the only way to measure how much we have is by looking at the actual volume of coffee but like many , I looked at how empty the mug was .
Counter - intuitive and counterproductive .
Learn to appreciate what you have accomplished and what you possess , not what you want to get because it ’s never enough .
4. Periodically Cut Off Your Expenses
I ’m not talking about cutting off your unnecessary expenses like you ’ve read before but actually anything that is not strictly for survival purposes .
Periodically cut off your cell phone or your TV bill for a few weeks and see if you miss it .
Coffee habits ?
Movie Thursdays ?
Stop them and see what happens .
Not only will this force you to relearn what ’s really “ necessary ” , it will help you inject variety into your life .
Obviously , common sense is required here when determining what ’s necessary for survival .
Taping up the air conditioning panel is so you ca n’t turn it on might be worth it but cutting the utility bill is not .
Carpooling to work with your spouse is good to try but selling your car when you have no means to get to work is not .
Use your judgment but stretch the bare minimum and you might be surprise .
5. Search for Alternatives
You know what ?
There is always a less expensive option for everything that we do .
With the ease of information gathering brought on by the Internet , there is really no excuses not to spend some time researching to see if you can find a better alternative .
Like pasta ?
Try the store brand spaghetti .
Watch movies ?
Try Redbox .
Ca n’t live without TV ?
Try HDTV antennas or watching them on the Internet .
Why ca n’t people live below their means even if they are earning 6 figure salaries ?
Because they just choose not to .
Start thinking that you can , and begin putting it in action .
Editor 's Note : Did you know about the service called $ 5 meal plans ?
For $ 5 a month , they send you recipes of delicious , healthy , yet cheap food that costs just $ 5 a meal .
Several of my friends signed up and they are able to eat at home more because the instructions are easy to follow , making everything convenient .
The deal also comes with grocery shopping lists , which saves them so much time .
Check it out yourself by clicking here and you too may be able to save more and become healthier at the same time .
Windows Icons Mice and Pointers –the WIMP environment is how we ’ve been piloting our computers since the clever guys at Xerox PARC developed the system in the early 1970’s .
The mouse itself has just turned 40 years old .
But a number of technologies are just about to change everything , and bring Minority Report - alike futuristic computer interfaces into reality .
Our interaction with technology is already more physical than typing and mice : Nintendo ’s
Wii is raking in the cash because the motion - sensing Wiimote allows for a degree of “ natural ” control over games that ’s not been seen before .
Apple ’s iPhone and its laptops , incorporate multi- touch technology , making sophisticated command - interactions with the devices as easy as touching their surfaces in different ways .
Hands - free gesture interactions are an everyday occurrence too .
Sony ’s EyeToy webcam plugin for the PlayStation lets you play games by running , jumping , waving and punching on the spot while the webcam stares at you and the CPU works out how what the heck you ’re up to .
Key to driving our gadgets into an even more gesture - based future are a couple of technological breakthroughs .
Firstly , position and movement sensing is now cheap and reliable enough to be simply incorporated into everyday gadgets .
Microscopic semiconductor accelerometers in the iPhone sense how you ’re waving it about .
The Wii , meanwhile , combines accelerometers with an infra-red positioning system to locate the Wiimote in 3D space in near - real time .
Secondly , display technology is developing almost faster than technology writers can keep up with it .
The humble LCD has gone through a trillion refinements , and can now be reliably manufactured in sizes that would ’ve dazzled its inventors .
Panasonic have crafted a single - unit plasma display used in a gargantuan 150 - inch TV .
Flat displays are now also flexible .
But industry is already exploring standards for displaying 3D imagery on future TVs , and holographic displays are being invented left , right and center .
Majel Barrett - Roddenberry to Return to Star Trek XI Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Dec 11 , 2008 in Star Trek According to Variety it looks like Majel Barrett - Roddenberry will be returning to Star Trek XI to resume her role as the voice of the Enterprise computer system !
Although I wish they gave her an on screen cameo relating to her original role as Nurse Chapel , however to me this is a sign that J.J. Abrams is getting things right .
A report released Monday by a respected arms - control expert urges the West to change course by accepting sensitive features of Iran ’s nuclear program and focusing instead on discouraging Tehran from building an atomic bomb .
Mark Fitzpatrick , director of the nonproliferation program at the London - based Institute for International Strategic Studies , predicts in a 100 - page report that Iran will produce enough fissile low - enriched uranium and obtain the expertise next year to build a bomb .
But unless Iran were to boot out international inspectors and begin to further refine its stockpile , steps Tehran insists it wo n’t take , all would not be lost , he says .
“ During 2009 , Iran will probably reach the point at which it has produced the amount of low - enriched uranium needed to make a nuclear bomb , ” writes Fitzpatrick , who served 26 years in the U.S. State Department .
“ But being able to enrich uranium is not the same as having a nuclear weapon . ”
Advertisement
Iran ’s nuclear program is one of President - elect Barack Obama ’s greatest foreign policy challenges .
On Sunday , Obama said he would pursue a “ carrot - and - stick ” policy of incentives and sanctions to prevent Iran from building a bomb , which could upset the Middle East balance of power and begin a regional arms race .
Tehran insists that it is only pursuing nuclear technology for civilian energy purposes .
Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hasan Qashqavi on Monday again insisted that Iran would continue to enrich uranium and rejected Obama ’s approach .
The carrot - and - stick policy “ has been a defeated and unacceptable approach , ” he said .
“ The world should accept our nuclear rights , and we in return give all guarantees that we will not deviate toward a nuclear bomb . ”
Fitzpatrick ’s report , titled “ The Iranian Nuclear Crisis : Avoiding Worst - Case Outcomes , ” represents a growing shift in the assessments by international arms - control experts away from getting Iran to stop processing and enriching uranium toward preventing it from “ breaking out ” of existing nonproliferation systems and producing weapons .
President Bush and European leaders have demanded that Iran stop refining uranium , in which volatile isotopes are teased out of raw uranium to produce fuel for a power plant -- or , if highly concentrated , material for a bomb .
Advertisement
Iran has about 5,000 centrifuges producing reactor - grade uranium that it insists is only meant for a civilian energy program .
Tehran has refused to halt its enrichment activities despite three rounds of U.N. Security Council sanctions and a set of Western commercial and political prohibitions on Iran .
Fitzpatrick , reflecting a trend among analysts , argues that it is time to accept enrichment as a fait accompli , without officially legitimizing it .
“ It seems very doubtful that we ’re going to get rollback to zero centrifuges , ” he said in a telephone interview .
“ A more realistic question is , ‘ How are we going to build up reasonable barriers to breakout ? ’ ”
In speaking of “ breakout , ” arms - control experts typically cite the North Korean example , in which Pyongyang withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , expelled inspectors , ignored world reaction and dived wholeheartedly into building a nuclear bomb , testing one in 2006 .
Advertisement
Thus far Iran is at least trying to appear to abide by the letter of international arms - control regulations , granting access to key sites and allowing cameras to monitor sensitive activities to prevent material from being diverted .
By setting aside the argument over enrichment and keeping Tehran within the umbrella of the NPT , Fitzpatrick argues , the international community would be better able to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons .
Fitzpatrick says he has no doubt that Tehran ’s nuclear program is meant to produce weapons .
He cited the “ secrecy and deception ” and “ military connections ” as well as the “ economic illogic ” of producing enriched uranium without as yet having any functioning nuclear power plants , the report ’s executive summary says .
He argues for diplomacy and sanctions to curb Iran ’s nuclear ambitions , and opposes the military option favored by some hawks in Washington and Israel .
Bombing Iran ’s nuclear facilities would probably encourage an Iranian “ breakout ” scenario , he says in the report , according to the executive summary .
“ In the aftermath of an unprovoked attack , ” it says , “ Iran could be expected to withdraw from the NPT and engage the full resources of a unified nation in a determined nuclear - weapons development program . ”
Advertisement
--
daragahi@latimes.com
Special correspondent Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran contributed to this report .
The ProofPower Web Pages
ProofPower
ProofPower is a suite of tools supporting specification and proof in Higher Order Logic ( HOL ) and in the Z notation .
The suite comprises the following packages :
PPDev -
The ProofPower developer kit , mainly comprising SLRP , a parser generator for Standard ML .
PPTex - The ProofPower interface to TeX and LaTeX .
PPXpp - The X Windows / Motif front - end for ProofPower .
PPHol - The HOL specification and proof development system .
PPZed - The Z specification and proof development system .
PPDaz - The Compliance Tool for specifying and verifying Ada programs .
All the ProofPower packages except PPDaz are free , open - source , software made available under the terms of the GNU General Public License .
ProofPower has been under ongoing development since 1989 .
It was originally designed and implemented by International Computers Ltd. to support proofs of specification - to - model correspondence for high - assurance secure systems .
It has since played an important role in approaches to specifying and verifying safety - critical systems in work by the Defence and Evaluation Research Agency ( DERA ) , now QinetiQ .
The research themes involving ProofPower that were initiated at DERA and QinetiQ are now being actively exploited by D - RisQ Limited ..
Since 1997 , on - going developments to the product have been undertaken by Lemma 1 Ltd. In Spring 2000 , International Computers Ltd. transferred its rights in ProofPower to Lemma 1 Ltd who now maintain this web site and support and distribute the software .
The information currently available on this site comprises :
The ProofPower FAQ .
A selection of specification and proof scripts .
Instructions for getting the ProofPower software , its documentation and upgrades and fixes .
Some information about contributing to ProofPower .
Some papers written by members of the ProofPower development team .
Some examples of ProofPower in action to supplement the examples supplied with the system .
E-mail enquiries may be addressed to :
There is a mailing list for general discussion of all kinds about ProofPower .
` ProofPower ' is a registered trade mark of Lemma 1 Ltd .
In past years , I was fond of comparing biogerontology to the tale of the blind men and the elephant : everyone was approaching the problem from different directions , unable to see the big picture — and reaching conclusions that had more to do with the direction of approach ( i.e. , initial biases ) than the fundamental importance of any given observation .
But this analogy is becoming increasingly less apt , and we may be on the verge of the era of unifying theories in the biology of aging .
What causes aging ?
The various subfields of biogerontology answer this question in very different ways .
To vastly oversimplify :
In one corner we have metabolism , including the related stories of sirtuins and calorie restriction ; in another corner , we have DNA damage and stochasticity of gene expression .
( Already we ’re seeing the unifying tendency of recent findings : a few years ago I might have put those four items in four separate corners , but on the basis of recent reports I feel comfortable starting to bin them together .
There are those , however , who would argue I ’m being premature if not outright inaccurate in so doing . )
In both corners , one could make a legitimate claim that the phenomenon in question has serious explanatory power regarding a fundamental mechanism of aging or longevity assurance — but is there a connection between the two ?
Quite possibly .
A major paper from Oberdoerffer et al. has investigated the role of sirtuins ( specifically , yeast Sir2 and mammalian SIRT1 ) in chromatin .
Over the course of their elegant study , the authors trace the parallels between sirtuins ’ roles in yeast and human genome stability — and in the process , build a bridge between sirtuin activity , DNA damage , and transcriptional dysregulation :
SIRT1 Redistribution on Chromatin Promotes Genomic Stability but Alters Gene Expression during Aging Genomic instability and alterations in gene expression are hallmarks of eukaryotic aging .
The yeast histone deacetylase Sir2 silences transcription and stabilizes repetitive DNA , but during aging or in response to a DNA break , the Sir complex relocalizes to sites of genomic instability , resulting in the desilencing of genes that cause sterility , a characteristic of yeast aging .
Using embryonic stem cells , we show that mammalian Sir2 , SIRT1 , represses repetitive DNA and a functionally diverse set of genes across the mouse genome .
In response to DNA damage , SIRT1 dissociates from these loci and relocalizes to DNA breaks to promote repair , resulting in transcriptional changes that parallel those in the aging mouse brain .
Increased SIRT1 expression promotes survival in a mouse model of genomic instability and suppresses age - dependent transcriptional changes .
Thus , DNA damage - induced redistribution of SIRT1 and other chromatin - modifying proteins may be a conserved mechanism of aging in eukaryotes .
In both yeast and mammals , Sir2 / SIRT1 relocalizes from its original location to sites of DNA damage .
This may be a good thing — the sirtuin appears to be involved in recruiting DNA repair factors to break sites — but it has a negative consequence :
The departure of Sir2 / SIRT1 from its original perch can result in transcriptional derepression ( recall that SIR genes were originally identified in S. cerevisiae as s ilent i nformation r egulators ) .
The extent of such derepression will depend on SIRT1 levels / activity and also the extent of the damage — but it ’s fairly obvious that the resulting transcriptional changes will have a stochastic component .
This probably is n’t such a bad thing when cells are young and damage is rare — but as either chronological or replicative age increases , damage becomes more prevalent ( and even persistent ) , and the transcriptional changes due to SIRT1 relocalization could become quite severe .
That ’s only part of the story :
At damage sites , SIRT1 is promoting DNA repair and genomic stability ( though evidence for the latter presented here is rather indirect , inferred from tumor spectra and cancer survival in a mouse model ) .
At both silenced promoters and DNA breaks , more SIRT1 ( or SIRT1 activity ; there ’s a subtle but important distinction having to do with whether the protein is playing a stoichiometric or catalytic role ) appears to be a good thing :
More protein means that the “ dilution ” resulting from SIRT1 relocalization will result in less net loss from sites of transcriptional repression ; similarly , higher levels of SIRT1 result in lower levels of genomic instability in response to DNA damage , presumably because there ’s more SIRT1 around to do its thing at break sites .
To complete their unifying bridge , the authors close the paper with a speculation that calorie restriction ’s effect on lifespan might be mediated by increasing SIRT1 levels or activity in both arenas .
According to the authors ’ interpretation , SIRT1 is performing two important functions — controlling transcription and ensuring efficient DNA repair — both of which ( the authors claim ) are essential for longevity assurance .
This seems very reasonable , though the formal logic is slightly strained : just because SIRT1 improves genomic stability , prevents transcriptional derepression and extends lifespan does n’t mean that the ( now clearly related ) former two functions are in any way related to the latter one .
Sorting out causation will be a challenge , requiring some high - impact genetics — perhaps involving an approach that uncouples SIRT1 ’s silencing function at promoters with its affinity for or activity in damage sites .
Probably crazy hard , but not impossible , and logically rather important to the model .
( See also the treatment of this article at ScienceNOW . )
Barley makes fairly lousy bread and it turns up in soup now and again , and in sundry health - food cookbooks , but it took the Scots to fully understand that if you malted it , brewed it , and distilled the result , you could convert barley into what many ardent sippers believe is the finest spirit on the planet , if you do n’t ask the French .
A secondary benefit was that it often led to happy times in fields of the self - same grain .
Twas a gift of Irish distillation was .
The barley was just growing there on the fells and in the glens along with heather and gorse , and the Picts , Celtic grandparents of today ’s Scots , used it to make beer , which they flavored with heather .
( Whether drinking this beer had anything to do with their tendency to paint themselves blue remains a mystery . )
The beer was liable to become nasty over time , as beer will in a pre-cooler world , and Irish monks , in town to explain Christianity to the blue Picts , passed along the instructions for turning barley beer into a potent spirit , a virtual water of life , that would keep forever .
Keeping it , of course , eventually led to keeping it in wooden casks , the first step on the road to the malt whisky we savor today .
Things rolled along fairly smoothly — invasions , famines , wars and massacres aside — for a few hundred years , with whisky being produced by crofters and traded or sold locally .
Until the English arrived and brought civilization , which by the early 18th century included taxes on whisky , which were followed immediately by tax evasion .
By the end of the 18th century , there were many more illegal stills than licensed operations north of the River Tweed .
By 1820 , excise officers were seizing 14,000 illegal stills per year , and it is estimated that half of the whisky poured down Caledonian throats was tax - free .
A more reasonable licensing tax in 1823 gave the edge , along with modern distillation methods ( thought by some to be a product of the Industrial Revolution on a par with the railroads ) to licensed distillers , some of whom are still in the business of boiling barley wine today .
The moonshiners persisted valiantly for some years but eventually all but disappeared .
Today , distilleries will take you on hikes along old smugglers ’ trails , although locals will also tell you that any trail you might come across was likely to have been a smugglers ’ trail at one time .
The whiskey these early legal distilleries ( the first licensed one was George Smith ’s Glenlivet , in , well , the glen of the river Livet , where he ’d been producing a pretty fair whisky for some time ) was made from the traditional malted barley , sprouted and then dried over peat fires .
This was from necessity — the forests that covered the highlands in Scotland had been clear - cut , denuded of trees , long before the licensed production of whisky , leaving peat the practical source for drying the malt in the early distilleries .
The practice of double - distilling in copper pots , the first still producing what are known as low wines , the second reducing that distillation to a more palatable spirit , was introduced very early .
Not long after , the invention of the continuous column still in the 1830s ( thought by some pot-still advocates to be a step backward in the Industrial Revolution ) brought faster , cheaper production of a light grain whiskey , made from cereal grains including unmalted barley , corn and wheat .
Almost immediately whisky merchants discovered that the depth of flavor in copper pot -still malt was such that it could be diluted with large percentages of this grain whisky and still retain the taste character , although in a softer , gentler incarnation which , to their delight , also sold quite well .
Among the earliest blends were Dewars , Haig , and Black and White .
Relatively quickly , blended whisky dominated the international Scotch trade , until 90 % of the sales of malt whisky was in blends .
In England , malt whisky dominated , and still dominates , to the extent that the word whisky brings you a malt whisky from Scotland unless otherwise stipulated .
The resurgence of single malts — malt whisky from a single Scottish distillery , blended only with other whiskies from the same source — has eaten into the dominance of blends to some extent , although world - wide they still represent the predominance of all malt whisky sold .
To further confuse you , there is a category now called “ Blended Malt . ”
This is a whisky made from a blend of single malts from two or more distilleries , but no column - still grain whisky .
This was historically called “ vatted malt ” and , briefly , “ pure malt , ” and the hope is that this is the permanent nomenclature , you should pardon the expression .
The Highlands .
A large and diverse area north of Dundee in the east and Greenock in the west , minus the Spey River valley .
The whiskies are generally unpeated or lightly peated , medium - bodied and will range from lush , rich and sweet to floral .
Speyside .
The central northern part of the country , the valley of the River Spey , south of Inverness .
The area around Dufftown , part of the Speyside Whiskey Trail , is among the oldest whisky - producing areas of Scotland , and is thought by many to produce malts with the most appeal to the American ( read Bourbon - raised ) palate , and represents many of the best known malts outside of Scotland , including Macallan , Glen Livet and Glenfiddich .
The Islands .
All the inner and outer Hebrides , with the exception of Islay , they include Skye , reached by a bridge and home to Talisker , a heavily peated , Islay - like whisky ;
Orkney , reached by birds , sturdy boats and a lot of nerve and home to Highland Park , a sherry - aged whisky with a powerful sweetness ; and Jura , which is rowboat distance from Islay and produces a slick , smoky , spicy whisky .
The islands are less a style , although an iodine / salt / briny character is often present , than a default category .
Islay , the most mispronounced place in the UK ( say EYE - luh ) is a big island off the west coast and home to the smokiest , most distinctively pungent and medicinal Scotches .
Some sippers will also attribute a salty character to them , many being aged in warehouses within spraying distance of the sea .
The Lowlands are the Scottish mainland south of the Highlands except the Kintyre Peninsula .
Lowland malts , a smaller production , are sometimes called pretty — light , sweet , floral .
In another time , people would sometimes call them the Lady ’s Malt , but we certainly would n’t say a thing like that .
Campbeltown , the smallest area , is a port on the southwest Kintyre Peninsula with just three distilleries today , the best known of which is Springbank , which produces a rich , spicy whisky characteristic of the region ’s heyday .
Finally , malt whiskey is probably the most varied version of the same thing that you ’ll ever taste .
Always made from just water and malted barley ( OK , maybe a touch of caramel for color ) yet as different as can be , a lesson in the magic of copper pots , distilling methods , wood - aging and blending .
And the fun ’s in tasting them all .
You probably saw Google ’s Halloween logo today :
But you may not have noticed that Google made another change for Halloween .
Check out Google ’s robots .
txt file today :
That ’s right .
Zombies are disallowed from accessing / brains on Google today .
You can never be too safe ! 🙂
Hat -tip to Google Blogoscoped spotting it first and to Search Engine Land for a round - up of Halloween logos .
This post takes a look at the speed - latency and throughput - of various subsystems in a modern commodity PC , an Intel Core 2 Duo at 3.0GHz .
I hope to give a feel for the relative speed of each component and a cheatsheet for back - of - the - envelope performance calculations .
I 've tried to show real - world throughputs ( the sources are posted as a comment ) rather than theoretical maximums .
Time units are nanoseconds ( ns , 10 - 9 seconds ) , milliseconds ( ms , 10 - 3 seconds ) , and seconds ( s ) .
Throughput units are in megabytes and gigabytes per second .
Let 's start with CPU and memory , the north of the northbridge :
The first thing that jumps out is how absurdly fast our processors are .
Most simple instructions on the Core 2 take one clock cycle to execute , hence a third of a nanosecond at 3.0 Ghz .
For reference , light only travels ~ 4 inches ( 10 cm ) in the time taken by a clock cycle .
It 's worth keeping this in mind when you 're thinking of optimization - instructions are comically cheap to execute nowadays .
As the CPU works away , it must read from and write to system memory , which it accesses via the L1 and L2 caches .
The caches use static RAM , a much faster ( and expensive ) type of memory than the DRAM memory used as the main system memory .
The caches are part of the processor itself and for the pricier memory we get very low latency .
One way in which instruction - level optimization is still very relevant is code size .
Due to caching , there can be massive performance differences between code that fits wholly into the L1 / L2 caches and code that needs to be marshalled into and out of the caches as it executes .
Normally when the CPU needs to touch the contents of a memory region they must either be in the L1 / L2 caches already or be brought in from the main system memory .
Here we see our first major hit , a massive ~250 cycles of latency that often leads to a stall , when the CPU has no work to do while it waits .
To put this into perspective , reading from L1 cache is like grabbing a piece of paper from your desk ( 3 seconds ) , L2 cache is picking up a book from a nearby shelf ( 14 seconds ) , and main system memory is taking a 4 - minute walk down the hall to buy a Twix bar .
The exact latency of main memory is variable and depends on the application and many other factors .
For example , it depends on the CAS latency and specifications of the actual RAM stick that is in the computer .
It also depends on how successful the processor is at prefetching - guessing which parts of memory will be needed based on the code that is executing and having them brought into the caches ahead of time .
Looking at L1/L2 cache performance versus main memory performance , it is clear how much there is to gain from larger L2 caches and from applications designed to use it well .
For a discussion of all things memory , see Ulrich Drepper 's What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory ( pdf ) , a fine paper on the subject .
People refer to the bottleneck between CPU and memory as the von Neumann bottleneck .
Now , the front side bus bandwidth , ~ 10 GB /s , actually looks decent .
At that rate , you could read all of 8 GB of system memory in less than one second or read 100 bytes in 10ns .
Sadly this throughput is a theoretical maximum ( unlike most others in the diagram ) and cannot be achieved due to delays in the main RAM circuitry .
Many discrete wait periods are required when accessing memory .
The electrical protocol for access calls for delays after a memory row is selected , after a column is selected , before data can be read reliably , and so on .
The use of capacitors calls for periodic refreshes of the data stored in memory lest some bits get corrupted , which adds further overhead .
Certain consecutive memory accesses may happen more quickly but there are still delays , and more so for random access .
Latency is always present .
Down in the southbridge we have a number of other buses ( e.g. , PCIe , USB ) and peripherals connected :
Sadly the southbridge hosts some truly sluggish performers , for even main memory is blazing fast compared to hard drives .
Keeping with the office analogy , waiting for a hard drive seek is like leaving the building to roam the earth for one year and three months .
This is why so many workloads are dominated by disk I/O and why database performance can drive off a cliff once the in -memory buffers are exhausted .
It is also why plentiful RAM ( for buffering ) and fast hard drives are so important for overall system performance .
While the " sustained " disk throughput is real in the sense that it is actually achieved by the disk in real - world situations , it does not tell the whole story .
The bane of disk performance are seeks , which involve moving the read / write heads across the platter to the right track and then waiting for the platter to spin around to the right position so that the desired sector can be read .
Disk RPMs refer to the speed of rotation of the platters : the faster the RPMs , the less time you wait on average for the rotation to give you the desired sector , hence higher RPMs mean faster disks .
A cool place to read about the impact of seeks is the paper where a couple of Stanford grad students describe the Anatomy of a Large - Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine ( pdf ) .
When the disk is reading one large continuous file it achieves greater sustained read speeds due to the lack of seeks .
Filesystem defragmentation aims to keep files in continuous chunks on the disk to minimize seeks and boost throughput .
When it comes to how fast a computer feels , sustained throughput is less important than seek times and the number of random I/O operations ( reads / writes ) that a disk can do per time unit .
Solid state disks can make for a great option here .
Hard drive caches also help performance .
Their tiny size - a 16MB cache in a 750 GB drive covers only 0.002 % of the disk - suggest they 're useless , but in reality their contribution is allowing a disk to queue up writes and then perform them in one bunch , thereby allowing the disk to plan the order of the writes in a way that - surprise - minimizes seeks .
Reads can also be grouped in this way for performance , and both the OS and the drive firmware engage in these optimizations .
Finally , the diagram has various real - world throughputs for networking and other buses .
Firewire is shown for reference but is not available natively in the Intel X48 chipset .
It 's fun to think of the Internet as a computer bus .
The latency to a fast website ( say , google.com ) is about 45 ms , comparable to hard drive seek latency .
In fact , while hard drives are 5 orders of magnitude removed from main memory , they 're in the same magnitude as the Internet .
Residential bandwidth still lags behind that of sustained hard drive reads , but the ' network is the computer ' in a pretty literal sense now .
What happens when the Internet is faster than a hard drive ?
I hope this diagram is useful .
It 's fascinating for me to look at all these numbers together and see how far we 've come .
Sources are posted as a comment .
I posted a full diagram showing both north and south bridges here if you 're interested .
165 Comments
Two thousand people killed during a summer heatwave ; mosquitoes at Heathrow carrying malaria parasites picked up from infected holidaymakers ; road - builders switching to a melt - resistant tarmac .
If anyone is in any doubt that climate change is already affecting the UK , this is your answer .
" It 's not just a question of impacts in the future .
We are actually looking at impacts right now , " said Chris West , director of the UK Climate Impacts Programme .
His job is to advise the government , private and voluntary sectors on how changes to the UK 's climate will affect how they operate .
The most severe and immediate impacts of climate change will hit developing countries .
But the rich , developed world will also be affected , and adapting to the changes will be extremely expensive .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's ( IPCC ) Fourth Assessment report last year included a detailed breakdown of impacts for regions around the world .
Europe must prepare for warmer , wetter winters in the north and hotter , drier summers in the south .
That is going to put severe demands on water in southern Europe and will mean more crop failures due to drought .
Also , people will suffer directly .
The 2003 summer heatwave killed 2,000 people in the UK alone .
Winter floods will increase in maritime regions and flash floods will be more common across the continent .
Coastal flooding linked to sea - level risk will threaten up to 1.6 million more people each year by 2080 .
Like Europe , the US will experience the greatest warming in winter at high latitudes and hotter summers in the south - west , according to the IPCC .
Climate modellers expect extremes of hot weather , wildfires , water stress , insect outbreaks and a range of health problems to increase ; but there will also be benefits .
Crop yields will rise 5 - 20 % during the next few decades as the warming climate opens up more land for cultivation .
But probably the hardest hit of the developed regions will be Australia .
In temperate regions , the IPCC climate models predict up to 32 more days in a year over 35 °C ( 95 F ) by 2020 and up to 84 more by 2050 .
Water security will become a major concern with prolonged droughts a regular feature , while extreme weather and sea - level rise will cause problems for Australia 's predominantly coastal population .
Water flow in the Murray - Darling river basin - Australia 's largest , which accounts for around 70 % of irrigated crops and pastures - is expected to fall by between 10 and 25 % by 2050 .
Back in the 1980s , many commentators ridiculed as voodoo economics the extreme supply - side view that across - the - board cuts in income - tax rates might raise overall tax revenues .
Now we have the extreme demand - side view that the so - called " multiplier " effect of government spending on economic output is greater than one -- Team Obama is reportedly using a number around 1.5 .
To think about what this means , first assume that the multiplier was 1.0 .
In this case , an increase by one unit in government purchases and , thereby , in the ...
OTTAWA–Their blades remain sheathed but astonished Conservatives are quietly fuming about the tactical blunder they fear could toss them into opposition .
And the blame seems to be landing on the prime minister 's doorstep .
Stunned Conservatives
MPs are barely concealing their outrage .
Many are venting their anger in private because of Stephen Harper 's iron grip on the party and the uncertain prospects of a coalition of opposition parties .
But while a few blame Harper 's new top aide , Guy Giorno , for putting their government on a knife 's edge , most lay responsibility for their unprecedented predicament squarely at the feet of the prime minister .
" The prime minister is ultimately his own chief strategist , " said one Conservative MP from a western province .
" He got us into this .
We need him to get us out . "
Asked how he might do that , the MP said , " do whatever it takes . "
Most members of cabinet and caucus are reluctant to get into an analysis of what went wrong because they are desperately hoping for or working on some kind of plan that can rescue their government .
But many Conservatives remain perplexed by the timing an explosive element of their economic plan to end taxpayer subsidies to political parties .
And with the Liberals , New Democrats and Bloc Quebecois now threatening to topple the Tories after only seven weeks in government , angst has set in among some Conservative staffers .
Many staffers in ministers ' offices just arrived in Ottawa from out of town and have barely unpacked boxes and settled into new homes .
" It 's reasonably safe to say people are n't happy about where they find themselves , especially those who arrived here more recently than before .
New staff and other people included , there 's no doubt there 's angst , " said a Tory strategist .
" There 's less concern , I think , about how we got here and more concern about how we 're going to get out of it .
" We 'll worry about that first question later , maybe . "
A Conservative Christmas party set for Monday night will certainly be a less festive affair than originally thought when the event was planned .
Some within the party blame Giorno for enabling a prime minister whose political instincts tell him to lunge on an exposed Liberal jugular no matter what the consequences .
But those around the Prime Minister 's Office have long said the prime minister is his own best strategist .
" At the end of the day , we all know who signed off on it , " one Conservative said .
" Everybody knows that this is the centre . "
Some Tories have quietly suggested Harper himself conceived of and shepherded the party financing ploy to fruition , making it difficult for anyone to oppose the measure without fear .
But there did n't appear to be much dissension within Tory ranks last Wednesday , when journalists standing outside a hastily - called Conservative caucus meeting heard MPs applauding and cheering inside as they were briefed on the content of the fiscal update .
Later that afternoon , word began to leak to reporters that the Conservatives were going to end the practice of giving all parties $ 1.95 for each vote they win .
Publicly , the Conservatives have put up a unified front .
Tory MPs fanned out across their ridings over the weekend to sell the government 's message that a coup d'etat by opposition parties is undemocratic and opportunistic .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The Conservatives also announced they would scrap the party financing plan as well as another contentious element that would take away public service unions ' right to strike .
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty has also hinted a stimulus package is in the works , possibly before the government delivers a rushed budget in late January .
Read more about :
Ever wanna see someone get arrested for clapping ?
Well , here you go .
As a community service , I give you your government in action , folks : the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors allowing sheriff 's deputies to arbitrarily arrest people for applauding at a public meeting .
Tell you the truth , after watching this stuff , it 's hard to feel any sympathy for Supervisor Don " The Mullet " Stapley and his 118 counts .
Here 's hoping you kiss the mat , Don , like Leon Spinks used to back in the day .
And as for Chairman Andy Kunasek , who bears an uncanny resemblance to Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich , minus the uniform ( look him up , people ) , one can only suggest that those kneepads he 's got on for Sheriff Joe look like they 're wearing a bit around the edges .
So he should probably have them replaced .
He needs to keep fellating Joe and letting the MCSO arrest innocent civilians willy - nilly .
Otherwise , Joe and his political rear - end friend Candy Thomas will find 118 - counts for his sorry ass , too .
Talk about lame excuses ... Kunasek , you are the weakest link .
Max Wilson ?
The guy 's arteries are so hard , he might as well be an exhibit in the Natural History museum next to the Paleozoic era .
Fulton Brock ?
Well , we all remember Foghorn Leghorn 's stab at greatness : secretly taping a sit - down between himself and members of the citizens group MCSA .
You can never be too careful with those citizens groups , Brock .
Especially when you 're slower than a stone fence yourself .
Finally , Mary Rose to the rescue !
As for Supervisor Mary Rose Wilcox , she freakin ' comes off as the voice of reason .
A patient den mother to this hapless clown patrol .
How she deals on a daily basis with her co-workers Moe , Larry , Curly , and Shemp is a conundrum we 'll never figure out .
She may not be perfect , but she certainly shines by comparison , and if you ever want to talk to her , all you have to do is catch lunch down at El Portal .
Or leave a message there with hubby Earl .
In any case , enjoy the vids .
And stay tuned next month for the further adventures of Mayberry R.F.D. , aka , the Maricopa County Board of Stupidvisors , brought to you by your county tax dollars , chumps .
This week , millions of people watched Obama 's inauguration on the Internet through one of the many sites that offered a live feed .
CNN 's broadcast was without doubt one of the most used viewed streams , with a peak of more than a million simultaneous viewers and also one that was using P2P technology .
Despite the fact that there are thousands of legitimate uses for peer - to - peer technology , most businesses are not keen on using it because of the negative associated with it .
One of the areas where P2P can really make a difference is with video streaming , either live or through sites like YouTube .
Offering a decent quality stream can quickly cost tens of thousands of dollars a month for medium sized sites , and millions of dollars for bandwidth hogs such as YouTube .
So , why not share this burden and throw in some P2P ?
That ’s probably what CNN thought too , as they offered a P2P supported live feed of Obama ’s inauguration .
With 25 million viewers on CNN.com , this was probably the largest P2P live stream ever , although CNN did not reveal how many people used the P2P plugin .
CNN has been working with the Denmark - based company Octoshape for a few months now .
Users have to install the Octoshape plugin for their web - browser , and this makes the regular Flash player through which they view the stream , P2P compliant .
This means that users who download the video partially to their computers also share it with others .
Thus far , CNN has not commented in public on their use of Octoshape ’s P2P plugin .
However , from an insider who ’s familiar with the technology , TorrentFreak learned that approximately 30 % of the bandwidth for CNN ’s live stream comes from peers .
This obviously results in a significant reduction in bandwidth costs for the broadcaster .
The rest of the bandwidth still comes from central servers to ensure that there is enough available for everyone .
CNN ’s live stream was only boosted by Octoshape for those who watched it through the default Flash player , not the Windows media stream .
The Flash team from Adobe has been working on their own P2P Flash implementation for a while , but thus far we are not aware of any public tests of their technology .
It is interesting to see that CNN supports P2P based streaming solutions , even though it ’s a shame that they went for a closed source solution , instead of an open source product .
Last year , the Tribler team showcased their open source streaming application which relies solely on P2P , through BitTorrent .
Tribler is currently working with several European TV - broadcasters to test this technology in the real world .
In theory , broadcasters can send a live stream to millions of people by only sending out the stream once , from a single server .
With the current upload speeds and the throttling efforts by ISPs , this still only works in theory .
Nevertheless , since more and more TV is being watched online , filesharing technology is the future .
Encouraged by the interest generated by my last post , I decided to do some more hacking on the real - time strategy game , which I ’ve named Armada .
I ’ve now posted it on hackage ; it can be found here .
The version on hackage adds quite a bit :
Refinery units can now mine ore and transfer it to builder units .
Builder units can now actually build units , if they have enough ore to do so .
The scene is rendered using OpenGL / GLUT .
Units are color - coded by player , with text describing their health and how much ore they have ( except for fighters , which do n’t carry ore ) .
I hope to keep adding to the project this week , though I have n’t decided what step to take next ( do n’t tell Joel ! )
In statements to reporters today , the Speaker of Iran ’s Parliament Ali Larijani said official requests from the United States for talks with Iranian parliamentarians are presently being considered , and that it is the general feeling of parliament that “ the time has come to hold talks between the two countries . ”
According to reports in Iran ’s state media , US congresswomen recently requested a meeting with female parliamentarians , and Iranian MPs also received a letter from US officials during October ’s IMF meeting asking for a meeting .
The Iranian government has recently expressed an openness to significantly improve relations with the United States for the first since the 1979 Iranian Revolution , likely as a result to President - elect Barack Obama campaigning on a platform of opening talks with Iran .
Since his election victory however , Obama has taken a far less conciliatory tone toward Iran .
Iran may feel it is ready for improved relations with the US , but how ready is the new administration to make such a dramatic foreign policy change ?
You ’ve all heard about the massacre of almost 200 people in the Congo , on Christmas Day , 2008 right ?
And you know every detail of the Lebanese Army ’s assault on the Lebanese army ’s assault on Nar el - Bared Palestinian refugee camp , correct ?
Richard Landes had a discussion with an Oxford PhD student about how some deaths are more equal than others .
I recently had an email exchange with a PhD student at Oxford who saw my posting about the study of war casualties in which I pointed out that .06 percent of those killed in wars since 1950 died in the Arab - Israeli conflict , and .3 percent of the Muslims killed in conflicts since then were killed by Israelis .
He was struck by how his colleagues could talk of nothing but Israelis killing Gazans , despite the extraordinary violence to be found the world over , much of it really intentional .
As he put it in a subsequent email :
The first seminar of the term dealt with a new book , which deals with intentions , double effect and blame .
Need I say that the first example ( and the main one used to discuss issues of war ) was Gaza ? …
I was furious mainly about the fact that this was the only example discussed ( while ignoring other obvious recent cases such as the war between Russia and Georgia or the Christmas massacre in DRC ) .
Landes got to wondering whether a metric could be developed to give the reader a sense of “ weights ” when reading a headline , some way of conveying the statistical significance of the headline as opposed to its prominence in the service of a meme .
What if we were to develop a method for determining the carbon footprint of civilian deaths in the media , something along the lines of column - inches , minutes airtime , people per demonstration on the one hand and number of civilian casualties on the other .
One could do it across the boards , but just consider Palestinian civilian deaths : killed by Israelis , by Palestinians , by other Arabs .
It would n’t be hard .
After all , how much coverage did the civilian deaths in Hamas ’ vicious take - over in 2006 receive from the media ?
Or after the orgy of coverage during the summer war of 2006 in Lebanon , how much coverage did the Lebanese army ’s assault on Nar el - Bared Palestinian refugee camp receive ?
As one of the harsher critics at this site commented : “ numbers push the reality into everyone ’s eyes . ”
Well , of course they can just as easily mislead — as in his simplistic comparison of Israeli civilian dead with Palestinian civilian dead .
But I suspect that a media footprint might indeed reveal the startling imbalances of a media coverage that unquestionably has an enormous impact on public opinion the world over .
However one chooses to regard Israel , it seems that basic objectivity would make it advantageous to understand the frequency of the events that are being reported .
“ Man bites dog ” makes interesting reading .
But how often do men bite dogs ?
One of the worst effects of meme - driven journalism is that it cheapens Third World deaths that are not linked to some sexy Western issue .
Unless a story can be linked to a political hot button item in the West , it goes unnoticed .
The Christmas Day massacre in the Congo is a perfect example .
Who cares about dead Africans if you ca n’t connect it to Global Warming or George W. Bush ?
This creates a species of “ invisible men ” ; people whose lives and deaths go unnoticed because they are n’t the topic of conversations in the chic places of the world .
Maybe that ’s the way it should be .
Maybe we should be marching in indignation over the death of some Hamas operative and who gives a rat ’s ass anyway about a bunch of guys in the jungle ?
But Richard Landes ’ idea of getting the quantitative weights back into the picture are worth thinking about .
If Israel killed only .3 percent of all Muslims who have been died in conflicts , then who killed the other 99.7 % ?
Maybe the reason we do n’t want to ask the question is we do n’t want to hear the answer .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Iraq 's main political parties Sunday reached a deal designed to allow non-U.S. foreign troops to stay in the country past the end of the year , when a United Nations resolution authorizing their presence expires .
Iraqi and British soldiers during an Iraqi army training session in Basra last week .
The deal would set a deadline of July 31 , 2009 , for all non-U.S. foreign troops to withdraw , according to Abdul Hadi al - Hassani , a lawmaker with the main Shiite parliamentary bloc , who spoke to Iraqi state television on Sunday .
The agreement awaits approval by Iraq 's Parliament , which is expected to vote on the measure on Monday , several Iraqi lawmakers said .
The emergency negotiations came after lawmakers Saturday rejected a similar proposal that would have been law .
Sunday 's proposal , by contrast , was drafted as a resolution that would empower the Cabinet to authorize international troop presence without requiring Parliament to pass a law .
Washington and Baghdad have already worked out a separate agreement that will keep U.S. troops in Iraq but tighten restrictions on them .
Countries other than the United States that have troops in Iraq could be left with no legal cover for their presence there if Baghdad does not act swiftly .
Iraq 's Cabinet had approved a draft law authorizing non-U.S. foreign troops Tuesday , the first step in passing legislation , but it fell at the next hurdle -- Parliament .
That left lawmakers scrambling Sunday for a way to give foreign troops legal cover quickly .
Lawmakers expect Sunday 's agreement to cut through the problem , because a resolution can be passed in a single day , while it takes at least a week to pass a law .
British government lawyers , meanwhile , are studying " all possible options " to legally extend the presence of British troops in Iraq beyond New Year 's Day in case Iraq 's Parliament rejects the new compromise .
Britain has the second - largest contingent of foreign troops in Iraq -- about 4,100 -- after the United States , which has about 142,500 .
All other countries combined have only several hundred troops in the country .
Britain and Iraq announced last week that British troops would begin leaving Iraq in May 2009 , while a " handful " of British military personnel would remain after that date to continue naval training for Iraqi sailors , primarily to protect oil platforms .
The United States reached a security agreement with Iraq in November .
That deal , which was ratified by the Iraqi Parliament , calls for American troops to leave Iraqi cities by June 2009 , and to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 .
Beginning New Year 's Day , U.S. commanders will have to get prior Iraqi government approval for any operations .
American military personnel who commit crimes while not on duty or who commit grave crimes while on duty would be subject to Iraqi legal jurisdiction under the new agreement .
The U.S. security agreement does not govern the presence of troops from other coalition countries .
The Parliament 's rejection of the Cabinet 's proposed law allowing foreign forces to remain in Iraq after January 1 came after heated arguments that lasted for days .
The session became so contentious that Parliament 's speaker threatened to resign , lawmakers said .
Some political blocs , notably the Sadrists , oppose any extension of the presence of foreign troops in Iraq .
That group , headed by Shiite leader Muqtada al - Sadr -- an anti-Western cleric -- is demanding an immediate withdrawal of foreign forces .
CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .
All About Iraq War • Muqtada al - Sadr • United Kingdom
Today ’s edition of “ Strange and Curious Sects ” concerns a now - defunct religious group , but one which has offshoots that survive to the present day .
Like the stories of John Frum and Sabbatai Zevi , it ’s also a lesson in the almost limitless capacity of the human mind to rationalize away disappointment .
William Miller was born in 1782 in Massachusetts .
A voracious reader , he converted to deism when he was young , but his belief in an intervening god would be restored in the War of 1812 .
Miller served as a captain in the American army and saw his first action at the Battle of Plattsburgh , where heavily outnumbered American forces defeated the British in a seemingly miraculous victory .
Miller would later write that this experience convinced him that God had a special regard for America , a belief which would figure heavily in his later theology .
After the war , Miller and his family moved to Low Hampton , a town in the “ burnt - over district ” of New York , so named for the repeated religious revivals that swept the area in the nineteenth century .
( Dresden , another town in the burnt - over district , would give America a worthier son : the great agnostic orator Robert Ingersoll . )
Following his war experience , he converted to Baptism , and began an intense study of the Bible with the aim of rebutting the criticisms of his deist friends .
But Miller ’s biblical studies were destined to lead him in a very different direction .
In the course of his study , Miller became fascinated with the books of Daniel and Revelation .
He became convinced that by piecing together various verses from scripture , it was possible to derive a chronology that encompassed creation from its beginning to its end .
Most importantly , Miller ’s chronology foretold the date of Christ ’s Second Coming – which , as it happened , he believed would occur in 1843 .
In 1831 , Miller began to present his conclusions in public lectures and in letters to local Baptist papers .
By his own account , the response was immediate : “ I began to be flooded with letters of inquiry respecting my views , and visitors flocked to converse with me on the subject . ”
As Conrad Goeringer wrote in an article for American Atheists , “ … eager listeners hung on his words , spellbound for two hours at a time , and packed houses were the rule ” .
Miller was one of the first American expounders of what ’s now called premillennialism , the view that the Second Coming , which he called the Advent , would be followed by a thousand - year reign of Christ on Earth .
To judge by some of his published lectures and writings , he was an impressive speaker with a flair for the dramatic , so it ’s no surprise that his views gained more and more popularity .
By 1840 , he had made a convert of the Boston pastor Joshua Vaughan Himes , who started a biweekly paper , Signs of the Times , to promote Miller ’s ideas .
Other independent papers supporting Millerism , such as The Midnight Cry and The Philadelphia Alarm , followed .
At its height , Millerism may have had as many as 50,000 followers nationwide , and millions of copies of its tracts and pamphlets in circulation .
Miller himself never set an exact date for Christ ’s return , though he claimed it would occur sometime between March 21 , 1843 and March 21 , 1844 .
When that date passed without incident , the chronology was revised to set the date to April 3 , and then again to April 18 .
Thousands of Millerite faithful jammed the Boston Advent Temple , only to be again disappointed .
Afterward , Miller wrote a letter to the faithful which read in part , “ I confess my error , and acknowledge my disappointment ; yet I still believe that the day of the Lord is near , even at the door . ”
In August 1844 , Millerite follower Samuel Snow presented a final revision of the chronology , one which fixed the date of the Advent to October 22 .
Despite the previous disappointments , this date electrified the Millerites , who believed that at last the true date had been discovered , and the movement responded with renewed fervor .
According to contemporary sources ,
Fields were left unharvested , shops were closed , people quit their jobs , paid their debts , and freely gave away their possessions with no thought of repayment .
On the predicted night , thousands of Millerites across the nation gathered in churches or on hilltops , some wearing white “ ascension robes ” in anticipation of meeting their savior .
Their frenzy reached a fever pitch .
But when the sun rose on the morning of October 23 , the world had not ended .
This final , crushing blow became known as the “ Great Disappointment ” .
Among the Millerites there was despair , dismay and weeping .
One believer , Henry Evans , later wrote :
“ I waited all Tuesday [ October 22 ] and dear Jesus did not come ; – I waited all the forenoon of Wednesday , and was well in body as I ever was , but after 12 o’clock I began to feel faint , and before dark I needed someone to help me up to my chamber , as my natural strength was leaving me very fast , and I lay prostrate for 2 days without any pain – sick with disappointment . ” ( source )
Another , Hiram Edson , wrote :
“ Our fondest hopes and expectations were blasted , and such a spirit of weeping came over us as I never experienced before .
It seemed that the loss of all earthly friends could have been no comparison .
We wept , and wept , till the day dawn .
I mused in my own heart , saying , My advent experience has been the richest and brightest of all my Christian experience .
If this had proved a failure , what was the rest of my Christian experience worth ?
Has the Bible proved a failure ?
Is there no God , no heaven , no golden home city , no paradise ?
Is all this but a cunningly devised fable ?
Is there no reality to our fondest hope and expectation of these things ? ” ( source )
After this failure , the Millerite movement was adrift .
Dozens of theories proliferated as to why the Advent had failed to occur on schedule , including further revised dates ( none of which garnered nearly as much attention ) .
Some said that Christ had returned “ invisibly ” , others that October 22 had marked not Christ ’s return but the day that “ the door was shut ” , after which there could be no salvation for unbelievers .
Hiram Edson claimed to have had a prophetic vision which showed him that Christ had come on schedule – but in heaven rather than on Earth .
The Millerite movement began splintering into sects as the debate raged , and soon had all but run out of steam .
Miller himself died in 1849 , insisting to the end that the Second Coming was imminent .
Following such a catastrophic failure , one might expect that the Millerite movement would fade away entirely .
But that is not what happened .
Although the fragmented Millerites languished for some time , and though many did abandon the movement , several of the competing splinter groups would ultimately gain new life .
Hiram Edson ’s sect , the one which claimed Jesus ’ return was heavenly rather than earthly , developed into a denomination that still exists – the Seventh - Day Adventists , who today number as many as 15 million members worldwide .
The Adventists claim that Jesus ’ 1844 entry into the “ heavenly sanctuary ” was the beginning of a still - ongoing process of “ investigative judgment ” of the souls of believers .
They continue to claim that the literal Second Coming is imminent , though they no longer attempt to set dates .
The Advent Christian Church , another modern denomination , arose from a different Millerite splinter group .
Another former Millerite , Charles Taze Russell , would carry forward his Miller - inspired beliefs about the imminent end - times into a new sect that he founded : the Watchtower ( named after their monthly magazine ) , known today as the Jehovah ’s Witnesses .
And last but not least , a small splinter group of fundamentalist Adventists led by a preacher named Victor Houteff split from the main church in 1934 , and relocated to Waco , Texas , where they formed a community .
They would later rename themselves the Davidian Seventh - day Adventists , and then the Branch Davidians … and when a charismatic preacher calling himself David Koresh gained control of the group , the rest is history .
The Millerites and their modern descendants show that human beings , when motivated by ideology , are capable of coping with nearly any disappointment without altering what they believe .
Miller made one of the few fatal errors in religion – tying his faith claims to a specific , falsifiable physical test – and no doubt owes his modern obscurity to that .
But the faith that he founded has survived him , in somewhat changed form , and continues to issue apocalyptic predictions without being daunted by their repeated failure .
This dynamic is visible in modern sects as well .
When religious membership is a marker of tribal identity , a sign of belonging to a community which gives its members hope and comfort , the nature of its specific claims is almost beside the point .
Other posts in this series :
( Adds details throughout )
UNITED NATIONS , Jan 6 ( Reuters ) - A U.N. official in Gaza said a school where dozens of Palestinians were killed by tank shells on Tuesday was clearly marked with a U.N. flag and its location had been reported to Israeli authorities .
John Ging , director of operations in Gaza for UNRWA , the United Nations Relief and Works Agency , said the death toll in the Israeli artillery strike near the school in Jabalya refugee camp was 30 dead with another 55 people injured .
Medical officials on the spot have said more than 40 people were killed .
Ging told reporters at U.N. headquarters by videolink from Gaza that three artillery shells landed at the perimeter of the school where 350 people were taking shelter .
He said UNRWA regularly provided the Israeli army with exact geographical coordinates of its facilities and the school was in a built - up area .
" Of course it was entirely inevitable if artillery shells landed in that area there would be a high number of casualties , " he said .
Casualty numbers were still being assessed but the latest figures were 30 dead and 55 injured , including at least five critically , Ging said .
The Israeli military said it is looking into the incident at al - Fakhora school in Jabalya on the fourth day of a ground assault launched after a week of air strikes failed to end Hamas rocket salvos against Israeli towns .
Asked whether Hamas militants were in the area of the Jabalya school at the time of the strike , Ging said it was the scene of clashes " so there 's an intense military and militant activity in that area . "
He said U.N. staff vetted Palestinians seeking shelter at their facilities to make sure militants were not taking advantage of them .
" So far we 've not had violations by militants of our facilities , " he said .
Ging also said three Palestinians were killed in a separate Israeli air strike near another U.N. school in an area where there was no fighting at the time .
On Tuesday morning a building next to a U.N. health center was hit by Israeli fire and 10 people were injured , including seven staff and three patients at the health center , he said .
Another shell landed near a third U.N. school on Tuesday but it was empty , Ging said .
He called for an independent investigation of the strikes near U.N. facilities .
( Editing by Alan Elsner )
It 's After Six .
What Am I , a Farmer ?
Quote of the day : It 's after six .
What am I , a farmer ?
Who said it ?
Alec Baldwin
Why ?
His character on 30 Rock , Jack Donaghy , is asked why he is wearing a tux .
Who wrote it ?
Comedienne Tina Fey
Just one of the great lines that make Tina Fey such a fabulous writer .
Now that Barack Obama has been elected president , reports are pouring in from the future to let us know what to expect from the next four to eight years .
While some of these posts from the future depict Obama ’s America as a big government , anti-Christian nightmare , others assure us that the new administration will usher in a post- racial , pro-technology utopia .
Has the Obama election brought us a new brand of optimistic near - future science fiction ?
Historian and Nerve.com columnist Ken Mondschein wrote an excerpt from his imagined 2026 history book America : The First Quarter Millennium , which reflects on the historical context of Obama ’s election and the achievements of his administration :
Electoral victory , however , does not always translate into successful governance .
Historians have attributed Obama 's success in his two terms as President to any number of factors — his reversing the ruinous economic policies of the New Right ; his use of technology to transform a patrician , republican system of representative government into a responsive , flexible direct democracy ; his ability to convince a country with a frontier mentality of the value of social welfare .
But Obama 's success was rather due to the way he embodied transformation .
The ostracism and fear of blacks was the single greatest impediment to American progress .
Obama , by the simple fact of his being , breached this seemingly impregnable mental stronghold , and demonstrated the truth of the motto e pluribus unum .
Advertisement
Adam Cutsinger at FutureBlogger , writing from 2014 , focuses on the science policies of the Obama administration .
President Obama reverses
Bush ’s ban on stem cell research , but it ’s his speech on the use of nanotubes that advances scientific research in the US , earning him the nickname " Nanobama " :
“ It has never been in doubt , among scientists , and engineers , since the first “ harvest , ” if you will , of the tiny , hollow fibers , known as nanotubes , which are smaller than hairs , and stronger than steel , that their potential to revolutionize technology , in all aspects , in science , in engineering , in industry , in transportation , for medicine , and the treatment of the many health problems we face , for the infrastructure , for computers , satellites , for the exploration of our oceans , and for the exploration of space , is beyond any major advancement in the history of science .
We cannot , and must not , stand in the way of progress , toward a safer , healthier world , at a time when we face so many serious challenges .
America needs to show the world , we are not afraid of the future .
We still have hope .
It is important for us to focus , on the problems of the present , so that when we arrive in the future , we are prepared for it .
We must n’t let fear keep us in the dark ages .
Humanity can’t afford it . ”
Advertisement
I ’m sure that , as the weeks go on , we ’ll be seeing more near - future science fiction from people outlining their hopes for the next several years .
And , it will be exciting to see not only what social and political changes writers will conjure up , but also what possible advances in science and technology they hope to see under Obama .
Image is John Hart ’s Nanobama sculpture made from carbon nanotubes .
[ 3/13 addendum at end of post ]
Like many expats , I ’ve long been suspicious of the building materials utilized in Shanghai ’s – and China ’s – two - decade construction boom .
The concrete , I ’ve noticed , seems to crack too quickly ; the rebar inside of that concrete has an uncanny tendency to rust and emerge from that cracking concrete too frequently ; and the aluminum window frames so beloved for use in China ’s highrises seem to corrode with the first humid wind .
But it ’s one thing to be suspicious of those building materials , and it ’s another thing to have actual data on just how bad they are .
And , despite my suspicions and best efforts , I ’ve never been able to obtain actual data on building material inspections ( or results ) in Shanghai or elsewhere .
So I must say I was more than a little surprised when my beloved Shanghai Daily ran a story – this morning – containing this jaw - dropping revelation :
HALF the steel material sold at wholesale markets and now being used in construction has failed quality tests .
The Shanghai Industrial and Commercial Administrative Bureau inspected 52 batches of steel material at three markets and 15 construction sites in seven districts , including Xuhui , Zhabei and Baoshan , and officials said 27 batches had quality problems .
There are – according to the story – a couple of problems : the steel was often too light ( five times too light , in one case ) to meet construction standards ; 48 % of the tested steel lacked sufficient carbon content , rendering the material dangerously brittle ; and 22 % of the tested products failed tension tests .
This is a big story , and it deserves sustained attention .
Whether that happens is anybody ’s guess .
For now , I ’d just like to ponder one question :
What does all of that sub- standard structural steel mean – in practical terms – for Shanghai ’s skyline – and your apartment building ?
Xinhua tries to put a brave face on things by claiming – correctly – that brittle steel will fail to perform adequately in powerful earthquakes .
But most of Shanghai ’s – and China ’s – buildings are n’t built to earthquake standards , anyway , so that point is moot .
What Xinhua does n’t say – but I will – is that buildings constructed with brittle , light - weight re-enforcing steel are – by definition – structurally inadequate .
With any luck , architects over - engineered them , and nothing catastrophic will happen during what should be a shortened lifetime .
Over -engineered or not , buildings constructed from defective steel are defective – no two ways about it .
They might not collapse , but they certainly ca n’t be judged as safe as buildings constructed with steel that meets technical quality standards .
That is to say : the sub - standard buildings will collapse more quickly than the quality buildings .
What ’s most disturbing is that this is not a new issue .
Overseas buyers of Chinese structural steel and other ferrous products have long known that Chinese manufactured steel typically does n’t meet the quality ( and chemistry ) standards of foreign countries .
But I think even the foreign importers would be shocked to learn that Chinese steelmakers are perfectly content selling substandard structural steel into Shanghai ’s construction markets .
So let me be the first to state :
This is n’t just bad business ; it ’s immoral .
And what ’s even worse is that the steelmakers know full well that they can get away with it , and have been doing so for years .
According to Xinhua :
Officials said building inspection does not include measuring weight and thickness for steel at present , which allows manufacturers to lower the standard .
No surprise , the Shanghai Industrial and Commercial Administrative Bureau wo n’t identify the companies who manufacture the sub - standard steel .
Most likely , those companies are state - owned ; but even if they ’re private , they have powerful friends ( no other way to stay in that business , after all ) .
It would be nice to know , of course , but it would be even nicer to know which building construction projects were tested , and whether they were allowed to continue ( I bet they were ) with the understanding that they would utilize steel that meets the Bureau ’s quality tests .
And , of course , as someone who frequents Shanghai ’s buildings , I ’d like to know which ones were built with steel from the sub - standard steel mills .
But I ’m not holding my breath .
It will be interesting to see if this issue catches the attention of Shanghai ’s – and China ’s – nascent homeowner ’s rights movement .
After all , this seems like a far more pressing and immediate threat than , say , the maglev and its proposed route .
Perhaps , if China had a well developed torts system – or even the most basic system of assigning liability and negligence – this problem would n’t exist .
Of course , in the absence of such laws , Chinese homeowners have no recourse to justice and / or compensation – and steelmakers and building contractors have nothing to fear but loss of face .
Also , for further discussion in a later post : what will happen to twenty - year home mortgages taken out on Shanghai apartments which will only last – structurally – for ten years .
At some point , I ’m pretty sure , this is going to become an issue .
[ Addendum 3/13 : Via an email , I was reminded of a story that I reported but did n’t publish ( last year ) concerning Chinese steel quality .
Without naming names ( which is one reason that I did n’t publish ) … three years ago , a European - Chinese JV steel foundary in Wuxi found itself in desperate in need of raw materials , and decided that it would begin feeding its metling furnaces with a mixture of scrap steel pipe procured in the Wuxi area .
As it happens , Wuxi is one of China ’s pipe manufacturing centers ( an enormous industry , in fact ) , and there is a plentiful supply of pipe scrap for those willing to compete with local dealers for it .
Another advantage of pipe scrap as a raw material for steel making - especially pipe manufactured for the export market – is that it is typically manufactured to very strict quality standards .
Anyway , the JV foundary built a furnace especially tuned to melt the precise types of pipe manufactured in Wuxi , and – at the same time – invested heavily in a locally - owned scrap yard to procure that pipe from Wuxi ’s manufacturers .
But there was one problem : none of Wuxi ’s pipe manufacturers were able or willing to match the quality specifications that they claimed , and which were required by the steel foundry ’s furnaces .
As I was told by a foundry procurement officer : “ The chemistry of the pipe steel is all over the place . ”
It was n’t just one pipe factory , either ; the foundry could n’t find acceptable pipe scrap from anyone in Wuxi .
For better or worse , that prevented the steel foundry from utilizing its new furnace ( note to other foreign - invested foundries in China : there is such a thing as due diligence ) , but it has n’t yet dented Wuxi ’s thriving steel pipe industry , which exports low - quliaty products throughout China and the world . ]
To promote a monster movie , Sony Pictures installed a holographic rig in Tokyo Bay that projects the monster onto a haze of water .
What you 're seeing in the video was n't added after the fact — that 's actually what it looks like in real life .
The feat uses a water screen ( carefully sprayed water jet ) and exact light projections to create a giant pseudo - 3 - D Loch Ness " Water Horse " monster in the bay .
Really a well done piece of advertising and technological demonstrative achievement .
January 1 , 2009 --
In Havana , Mariela Castro Espín speaks to Anastasia Haydulina of Russia Today Television .
Mariela Castro is director of CENESEX –- the National Center for Sexual Education -- and a leading authority and proponent of LGBT freedoms in Cuba and globally .
She addresses how Cuban society is dealing with changing perceptions of sexuality and concrete measures benefiting LGBTs .
Castro also reflects on new legislation , transsexualism , same - sex unions , gay rights , AIDS , her father President Raúl Castro , her mother Vilma Espín , founder and President of the Federation of Cuban Women ( FMC ) , the woes caused by the US economic blockade of Cuba and her views on US President - elect Barack Obama , as well as the history of the revolution .
Sections of the interview have been translated and transcribed below .
Anastasia Haydulina
Mariela Castro Espín
Haydulina
[ In ] socialism it will surely be possible to make fundamental changes in the lives of men and women according to their sexual orientation .
Castro
Haydulina
Castro
Haydulina
Castro
Haydulina
Homosexuality is a reality to be taken into account , not got rid of .
Castro
Haydulina
Castro
Vilma Lucila Espín Guillois ( 1930 - 2007 ) , mother of Mariela Castro Espín , was a feminist and revolutionary married to Raúl Castro , the current Cuban president .
Espín was founder and President of the Federation of Cuban Women ( FMC ) from 1960 until her death .
The FMC has a membership of over 3.5 million women .
Espín was also a leader in the Council of State , as well as a member of the central committee and the political bureau of the Communist Party of Cuba from 1980 to 1991 .
One day your uncle Fidel Castro … is going to die .
Do you think his death will change the status quo of your Cuba ?
First of all , the death of Fidel will bring great suffering for the Cuban people , and it will be an enormous loss .
But as far as I can see , the Cubans are willing to continue on the path of socialism even when our Comandante is no longer with us , even when my father and other forefathers of the revolution are not .
Our people want socialism .
Of course , we 're very self - critical , so what we need is a better and rich social reform that will resolve most of the existing contradictions .
People themselves are proposing actions necessary for the survival of our socialist society , a society that should always guarantee social justice , equality and solidarity within the nation , as well as in relations with others .
We want welfare , but not as exaggerated as that of consumer societies .
I think that socialism in Cuba will survive and become what we have considered to be a utopia .
Same - sex unions in a Communist , originally Catholic , state ?
Yes , I believe that , in societies like ours , same - sex unions are possible .
It 's true that , in the history of countries that have tried to create socialism , sexuality - related prejudices from the capitalist past have persisted .
But in the Cuban version of socialism it will surely be possible to make fundamental changes in the lives of men and women according to their sexual orientation and other elements of their sexuality that have n't been contemplated by other socialist nations to date .
Of course there are very strong influences of religions predominant in our cultures , but they are not going to become obstacles to achieving the aim of guaranteeing human rights socialism must guarantee .
That is why we proposed a bill to legalise same - sex unions to parliament .
What makes you feel you can overcome the stigma within the Communist Party and legislative barriers to pass it as well ?
As head of the National Center for Sex Education , not as daughter of the president , I presented an educational strategy strongly based on the mass media to bring the attention of the Cuban society to various expressions of sexuality within it .
Realistically , when do you think we are going to see this bill passed here in Cuba ?
We 've already accomplished a lot .
For example , we 've achieved a resolution by the public health ministry that guarantees transsexuals specialised attention , including sex change surgeries .
The first of these types of operation are about to begin .
They were first performed in 1988 but were interrupted due to people 's incomprehension .
We 're proposing important changes to the family code that include the right of people of the same sex to legalise their unions .
We 're also working on a gender identity decree law that will make it easier for transsexuals to change their sex and identity papers , regardless of the sex change surgery .
Because not all of them are automatically eligible for this operation , but nevertheless people do need society to recognise them in accordance with their gender identity , not by biological sex .
Tell us more about the history of homophobia in this country .
Just like any other patriarchal societies in the world , Cuban society is homophobic .
In the 1960s and 1970s , it expressed itself as a political decision that discriminated against homosexuals , especially men .
That was a general criterion coming from not only religions but even from sciences .
Psychiatry classified homosexuality as a mental disorder .
There were even therapists to change homosexuals into heterosexuals , since that 's what was considered normal and healthy .
So , the Cuban politicians , educationalists and doctors acted in accordance with the scientific precepts of the time as well .
Neither teachers nor doctors could be gay .
Today , no military person can be gay either .
But there are homosexuals everywhere , whether out in the open or not .
So we attend to them in our centre , because humanity is about diversity .
The most important thing here is that there have been discussion and change ever since .
And in order to avoid this [ homophobia ] in the future , we 've got to be explicit in our laws and policies .
Homosexuality is a reality to be taken into account , not got rid of .
Two - thirds of Cubans with HIV / AIDS are homosexual men .
Are they provided due treatment ?
Are the Cubans with HIV provided the treatments they need ?
In 1983 , when Fidel learned about the existence of AIDS , he asked the doctors of the Pedro Kourí Institute of Tropical Medicine to carry out research to avoid the tragedy on our island .
Since then the state began designing its policies for HIV / AIDS treatment and prevention .
Each patient infected with the virus is provided with all the medical assistance at the cost of the state .
Although the medicines are very expensive , as well as prevention matters , these are fundamental to avoid the spreading of the epidemic .
Even though Cuba maintains the lowest level [ of infection ] in the region and in the world , it keeps rising , so we need much more effective prevention and treatment .
For example , the island buys condoms for the pharmacies , but many are donated and distributed free of charge as part of the center 's educational activities across the country .
Thanks to this efficient work , [ HIV ] infection hardly occurs among adolescents .
Unfortunately the existing prejudices impede us from many of the educational activities planned for the homosexual male population .
Haydulina
Your mother was an internationally recognised champion of women 's rights .
What challenges remain for women in Cuba ?
Castro
There are still the remains of machismo and inequality between men and women .
Although there are few women in top governmental positions , we observe rising percentages of women technicians , lawmakers , vice - ministers , ministers , as well as among the regional party leadership .
Besides , in the last two hurricanes that hit the island , the actions of the women governing the two worst affected provinces made Cubans , and especially women , very proud .
In troubled families , women keep returning to household chores and the upbringing up of children , because most of them still think that is our job , that " nobody can do it better than us . "
But men's participation in all these household duties is no less fundamental , especially in a time of crisis .
Haydulina
What other changes would you like to see in Cuba ?
Castro
I would like the US government to lift the financial , economic , and commercial blockade that it has imposed on our island for fifty years against the Cuban people and that has considerably prevented us from achieving our development goals .
It has affected our economy , commercial relations , and financial mechanisms .
Cuba does n't receive credit from any bank , and it's very difficult for us to survive in the field of international economy .
The companies that trade with Cuba are being penalised .
We have big problems with the internet without the access to optical fibre .
It would be fundamental for life in Cuba to change , for its economy to grow , the salaries to rise .
Then , we'd be able to produce , obtain , more materials and use the latest technologies .
For example , I 'd like to see improvements in democratic participation mechanisms on the island , so that our government could function more fluently .
It has a very peculiar and good structure , like no other in the world , and we like its maturity .
That 's why we need to cultivate mechanisms for people 's participation .
It 's one of the things that preoccupy me most and will bring about a whole range of other changes .
[ This interview first appeared on Russia Today Television and was prepared for the web by LGBTCuba , and has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
Photo : William S. Niederkorn , courtesy of the Berg Collection , New York Public Library
KOGELO , Kenya -- Barack Obama may already be suffering from the curse of lofty expectations here , the village where his father was born and buried .
Many of the U.S. president - elect 's relatives still live here .
When villagers heard Wednesday morning that Sen. Obama had won the election , they snatched up tree boughs and , waving them to whistles and a beating drum , danced down the road to the Obama family homestead .
" Obama is the king of the world , " they sang .
" We are going to the White House . "
There was heady talk of jobs and money .
Women exposed to hairspray in the workplace in their first trimester of their pregnancy have more than double the risk of having a son with the genital birth defect hypospadias , according to a new study published in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives.[social_buttons ]
The study was conducted by researchers from Imperial College London , University College Cork ( Ireland ) , and Center for Research in Environmental Epidemiology ( Spain ) and is the first to show a significant link between hairspray and hypospadias , which is one of the most common birth defects of the male genitalia .
The causes of hypospadias are poorly understood .
Instead of opening at the tip of the penis , a hypospadic urethra opens elsewhere along a line running from the tip along the underside to the base , usually corrected with surgery in the first year of the boy ’s life .
“ Hypospadias is a condition that , if left untreated , can cause problems in later life .
Although surgery to correct it is usually successful , any surgery will be traumatic for the child and his parents .
It is encouraging that our study showed that taking folic acid supplements in pregnancy may reduce the risk of a child being born with the condition .
Further research is needed to understand better why women exposed to hairspray at work in the first 3 months of pregnancy may have increased risk of giving birth to a boy with hypospadias . ” – Professor Paul Elliott , Department of Epidemiology and Public Health at Imperial College London
Women who took folic acid in the first three months of pregnancy were a third less likely to have a baby with hypospadias , reports the study , and concludes :
Excess risks of hypospadias associated with occupational exposures to phthalates and hair spray suggest that anti-androgenic endocrine disrupting chemicals may play a role in hypospadias .
Folate supplementation in early pregnancy may be protective .
The study also found no correlation between vegetarianism and hypospadias , contrary to earlier research .
The full peer - reviewed study is available at Environmental Health Perspectives .
More reading on phthalates :
Image : AMagill at Flickr under Creative Commons License
[ / caption ]
On November 11 , 1572 Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe and other skywatchers observed what they thought was a new star .
A bright object appeared in the constellation Cassiopeia , outshining even Venus , and it stayed there for several months until it faded from view .
What Brahe actually saw was a supernova , a rare event where the violent death of a star sends out an extremely bright outburst of light and energy .
The remains of this event can still be seen today as Tycho ’s supernova remnant .
Recently , a group of astronomers used the Subaru Telescope to attempt a type of time travel by observing the same light that Brahe saw back in the 16th century .
They looked at ‘ light echoes ’ from the event in an effort to learn more about the ancient supernova .
A ‘ light echo ’ is light from the original supernova event that bounces off dust particles in surrounding interstellar clouds and reaches Earth many years after the direct light passes by ; in this case , 436 years ago .
This same team used similar methods to uncover the origin of supernova remnant Cassiopeia A in 2007 .
Lead project astronomer at Subaru , Dr. Tomonori Usuda , said “ using light echoes in supernova remnants is time - traveling in a way , in that it allows us to go back hundreds of years to observe the first light from a supernova event .
We got to relive a significant historical moment and see it as famed astronomer Tycho Brahe did hundreds of years ago .
More importantly , we get to see how a supernova in our own galaxy behaves from its origin . ”
On September 24 , 2008 , using the Faint Object Camera and Spectrograph ( FOCAS ) instrument at Subaru , astronomers looked at the signatures of the light echoes to see the spectra that were present when Supernova 1572 exploded .
They were able to obtain information about the nature of the original blast , and determine its origin and exact type , and relate that information to what we see from its remnant today .
They also studied the explosion mechanism .
What they discovered is that Supernova 1572 was very typical of a Type Ia supernova .
In comparing this supernova with other Type Ia supernovae outside our galaxy , they were able to show that Tycho ’s supernova belongs to the majority class of Normal Type Ia , and , therefore , is now the first confirmed and precisely classified supernova in our galaxy .
This finding is significant because Type Ia supernovae are the primary source of heavy elements in the Universe , and play an important role as cosmological distance indicators , serving as ‘ standard candles ’ because the level of the luminosity is always the same for this type of supernova .
For Type
Ia supernovae , a white dwarf star in a close binary system is the typical source , and as the gas of the companion star accumulates onto the white dwarf , the white dwarf is progressively compressed , and eventually sets off a runaway nuclear reaction inside that eventually leads to a cataclysmic supernova outburst .
However , as Type Ia supernovae with luminosity brighter / fainter than standard ones have been reported recently , the understanding of the supernova outburst mechanism has come under debate .
In order to explain the diversity of the Type Ia supernovae , the Subaru team studied the outburst mechanisms in detail .
This observational study at Subaru established how light echoes can be used in a spectroscopic manner to study supernovae outburst that occurred hundreds of years ago .
The light echoes , when observed at different position angles from the source , enabled the team to look at the supernova in a three dimensional view .
This study indicated Tycho ’s supernova was an aspherical / nonsymmetrical explostion .
For the future , this 3D aspect will accelerate the study of the outburst mechanism of supernova based on their spatial structure , which , to date , has been impossible with distant supernovae in galaxies outside the Milky Way .
The results of this study appear in the 4 December 2008 issue of the science journal Nature .
Source : Subaru Telescope
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday reinstated a Bush administration rule to reduce air pollution from power plants and help states downwind from the facilities meet federal clean air standards .
Smoke stacks are seen at Pacificorp 's Huntington Power Plant in Huntington , Utah August 11 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Danny Moloshok
A top broker in emissions allowances said trading in some pollutants soared on the news .
One environmental advocate called the ruling a “ holiday gift to breathers . ”
Tuesday ’s ruling reversed a decision the same court , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , made in July to reject the so - called Clean Air Interstate Rule , known as CAIR .
The court found on July 11 that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency went beyond its authority to create a trading scheme among utilities to cut emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides at power plants in the East and Midwest .
But the current ruling vacates that earlier decision and leaves the interstate rule in place while the Environmental Protection Agency fixes flaws in the plan .
The court said it was persuaded by arguments by the EPA and others , including environmental advocates , that “ allowing CAIR to remain in effect until it is replaced by a rule consistent with our opinion would at least temporarily preserve the environmental values covered by CAIR . ”
The earlier ruling effectively vacated the entire CAIR program , which regulates interstate emissions that contribute to acid rain and smog .
The original decision drew sharp criticism from the EPA , environmental groups and members of Congress who represent states that suffer from power plant pollution blown in from other states .
“ Today ’s order by the Court of Appeals should provide renewed market confidence in U.S. emissions trading , ” Peter Zaborowsky , of the emissions brokerage firm Evolution Markets , said in a statement .
The spot market in sulfur dioxide responded immediately after Tuesday ’s ruling , trading up from Monday ’s $ 148 close to over $ 200 ; bid interest in annual nitrogen oxides allowances was evident for the first time since July , as the program comes into force on January 1 , the statement said .
“ This could prove a holiday gift to breathers , ” Frank O’Donnell of the advocacy group Clean Air Watch said in an e-mail .
Vickie Patton of Environmental Defense Fund said the latest decision would enable power plants in the Eastern United States to reduce millions of tons of smog and soot pollution while the incoming Obama administration “ fixes the mistakes made by the Bush administration .
It seems that no matter how many times people , including us , point out that Rick Warren is really just a friendlier version of James Dobson , his media - driven reputation as some sort of “ moderate ” evangelical preacher continues to win out and , as such , Barack Obama apparently thinks he ’s just the right person to put front and center at his inauguration :
Aretha Franklin and Dr. Rick Warren , an author and leader of the Saddleback Church , are among the select group of people who will participate in Barack Obama ’s inaugural swearing - in ceremony on Jan. 20 . … Dr. Warren , of the Saddleback Church in Lake Forest , Cal. , will deliver the invocation , followed by musical selections by Aretha Franklin , the Queen of Soul , who sang “ Someday We ’ll All Be Free ” and “ Respect ” at a concert for Bill Clinton in 1993 , but not at the inaugural ceremony .
As we ’ve pointed out several times before , in 2004 Warren declared that marriage , reproductive choice , and stem cell research were “ non-negotiable ” issues for Christian voters and has admitted that the main difference between himself and James Dobson is a matter of tone .
He criticized Obama ’s answers at the Faith Forum he hosted before the election and vowed to continue to pressure him to change his views on the issue of reproductive choice .
He came out strongly in support of Prop 8 , saying “ there is no need to change the universal , historical defintion of marriage to appease 2 percent of our population …
This is not a political issue — it is a moral issue that God has spoken clearly about . ”
He ’s declared that those who do not believe in God should not be allowed to hold public office .
So why has this man been tapped to deliver the invocation at Obama ’s inaguration ?
Israel declared " all - out war " against Hamas , pummeling the Gaza Strip from the air for the third day .
But even as deaths of Palestinian militants and civilians rose , Hamas responded with its strongest rocket barrage since the Israel attacks began .
Gaza 's skies Monday were buzzed by unmanned Israeli drones and fighter jets as the death toll reached at least 320 including 62 civilians , according to United Nations officials , with at least 1,400 more wounded .
Among other targets , Israel flattened the Palestinian Interior Ministry ...
Passions have flared in a US town over a sign in a store asking customers to place bets on an assassination of President - elect Barack Obama .
The Town Council in Standish , Maine , condemned the sign in a 6 - 0 vote and declared it reprehensible at a meeting where some residents defended the store owner , saying he had a right to free speech even if in bad taste , local authorities said .
" The town of Standish condemns in the strongest terms any such alleged activity calling for violence against any individual no matter their position , race or ethnicity , " said the resolution posted on the town 's website .
The sign in the Oak Hill General Store asked customers to place a $ 1 bet on the date of Mr Obama 's assassination , and said " Let 's hope someone wins , " the Portland Press Herald reported .
It was called the " Osama Obama Shotgun Pool " .
The store in the town of 9,285 people in south - west Maine has remained closed since reports of the sign appeared in the media on Sunday ( local time ) .
About 80 people attended the meeting , including some who defended the store owner , said town clerk Mary Chapman .
" There were folks on both sides of the issue , " Ms Chapman said in a telephone interview .
" People were passionate of their opinion but very respectful of others . "
Mr Obama 's historic election victory as the nation 's first black president has sparked racist incidents nationwide , according to groups that monitor hate crimes .
Prior to the election , US authorities arrested two white supremacists for threatening to kill Mr Obama during a " killing spree " of African - Americans .
- Reuters
How to Toilet Train Your Cat — A Step - By - Step Guide Cats make wonderful pets , but cleaning up after them can be a real pain in the posterior .
Thankfully , training them to use a human toilet is very achievable .
Instead of having to deal with a foul - smelling litter box , here 's how to toilet train your cat in a few simple steps .
First off , though , here 's a little entertainment to prove that I 'm not some totally nutty cat lover ( at least , I do n't think I am , although I do love kitties ! ) .
Just witness the pooping peeing bundle of furry joy that is my cat ...
( Click the play button to start the movie . )
Miki pees in the human toilet .
Want to see her do # 2 ?
Click here .
That 's Miki , my beloved tabby , doing # 1 in the human toilet all on her own .
And the thing is , anyone can teach their cat to do this .
It does n't require a cat of superkitty intelligence to pull off these amazing feats of excretion ( which , in Miki 's case , was extremely fortunate ... as much as I love her , she 's not the brightest bulb on the tree ! ) .
I 've also helped to train countless other cats for friends and family , so I know it can be done with just about any cat .
( Some of those same friends call me " The Poo Whisperer " now , which I was n't too thrilled about at first , but I have to admit , it is catchy . )
Training your cat does n't have to be difficult , although admittedly , it was for me when I started with Miki .
There 's actually quite a bit of information out there about training your cat ... and while some of it is quite sensible , a lot of it is impractical , unnecessary , or simply does n't work .
Even the commercial kits I 've tried have severe shortcomings — partly because they do n't provide the toilet training tips and techniques that are required to be successful , and partly because the contraptions themselves are poorly designed and do n't support the cat 's weight properly .
With so many differing methods and so much misinformation out there , it was a lengthy process before I figured out what works and what does n't .
I even read everything I could about feline behavioral therapy and the psychology that governs their bathroom behavior .
Transitioning Your Cat to Use the Human Toilet : The Basics
The basic concept behind toilet training your cat is to get your cat accustomed to seeing the toilet as an appropriate place to go potty .
Our goal is to transition your cat from digging and pooping into a box of sand to doing her business into a big bowl of water .
If this sounds like a big change for kitty , well , you 're right , it is !
The key to training is to split up the process into several stages in order to make the transition as easy as possible for both you and your cat .
At each stage , the cat will learn a little something new , but we 'll keep the changes in each stage to a minimum to keep things manageable for her .
We 'll also provide " bridges " between each stage whenever necessary — cues that the cat can understand to help her move from one stage to the next .
And of course , we 'll move slowly with the training and only go as fast as our kitty is comfortable with .
The 5 Stages of Toilet Training Our transition from litter box to toilet consists of 5 stages .
In each stage , we 'll make a small change to the potty set - up , give your cat time to adjust , and then make another small change .
And if at any time your cat gets confused , or decides that the whole thing is n't worth it and poops in the bathtub , that 's a sure sign that you 're pushing her too fast ; back up a stage or two to give her more time to get used to it before proceeding any further .
Before starting each stage , make sure that your cat has done # 1 and # 2 at least once .
It 's best to proceed to the next stage right after your cat does # 2 .
This will allow your cat to start the next stage with a # 1 , which is easier for cats to manage than # 2 , making it a bit simpler for them to get comfortable with the change .
My name is Aston Lau , aka The Poo Whisperer , and this is my website .
I 'm a cat lover who hates scooping the litter box .
I 've been toilet training cats for over 17 years , helping friends and family to train their kitties as well as my own .
Israeli / Palestinian Coffin Counter
Each coffin represents a single person killed in the on - going Israel - Gaza conflict , which started on December 27 , 2008 .
I will be updating this page daily with new numbers taken from BBC 's coverage on the conflict .
For comments and suggestions please email me at moiz [ at ] moiz .caI am very sad to renew this project again for the current crisis and I hope it ends very soon .
Last updated on January 20 , 2009 02:55 EST .
Israel : 13 Palestine : 1300
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Pfizer Inc. is close to an agreement to acquire rival drug maker Wyeth for $ 68 billion in a cash - and - stock deal that could be announced as early as next week , the Wall Street Journal reported .
Pfizer PFE , - 0.60 % , the world 's largest drug maker , was racing late Sunday to secure financing for the acquisition and close the deal before the U.S. markets opened Monday , the Journal reported in its online edition , citing people familiar with the matter .
The pharmaceuticals giant has been in discussions with banks over a package of about $ 25 billion in bank loans for the transaction , and plans to use stock and its cash reserves to fund the rest of the deal , the report said .
Pfizer is expected to offer Wyeth WYE shareholders $ 50.19 per share , paying $ 33 a share in cash and 0.985 a share in Pfizer stock , according to the people .
That would be a 29 % premium over where the shares closed on Thursday before the Journal reported that the two were in talks .
Wyeth Chief Executive Bernard J. Pousso and his management team are not expected to remain with the company after the takeover , according to one person close to the deal .
That would put control of Wyeth firmly in the hands of Pfizer Chief Executive Jeffrey B. Kindler , who took Pfizer 's helm in 2006 .
News of the potential merger sent shares of Wyeth up $ 4.91 , or 12.6 % , to close at $ 43.74 in Friday 's session .
Pfizer shares rose 24 cents to end the day at $ 17.45 .
The effort by Pfizer represents a high - stakes gambit , since the company has not had a spotless track record in making large acquisitions , the Journal report noted .
The possible mega -merger comes at time when the global pharmaceutical industry is suffering from flagging product development and high fixed costs .
Like other major pharmaceutical firms , Pfizer and Wyeth face the looming expiration of patents on some of their most lucrative products , as well as intense competition from makers of generic drugs .
Pfizer is grappling with the expected loss of patent protection for its blockbuster cholesterol drug Lipitor in 2011 .
Lipitor makes up 25 % of the company 's total sales and carries higher - than - average gross margins .
Wyeth , meanwhile , derives about 35 % of its sales from innovative biologic drugs and boasts a strong pipeline of new treatments in late - stage development , according to a report from independent investment research firm Morningstar Inc .
" We believe a merger would make sense , " Morningstar analyst Damien Conover wrote in a research note published on Friday .
He said a transaction would offset the adverse impact on Pfizer from the Lipitor patent expiration and give the combined company several critical biologic products .
In addition , Conover noted that Wyeth has about $ 14 billion in cash and a smaller dividend payout , which should ease investors ' concerns about the viability of Pfizer 's dividend .
Yet he cautioned that if Pfizer overpays for Wyeth , the benefits of a merger -- and perhaps the deal itself -- would be in doubt .
" The premium that might be demanded by Wyeth could represent the biggest hurdle for the merger , " Conover said .
" Negotiations could trail on throughout the year , as neither company needs to complete the deal immediately .
However , with the Lipitor patent expiration approaching in 2011 , we believe Pfizer would like to put its $ 25 billion - plus of cash to work well before 2011 . "
Other obstacles to the merger , he added , include Pfizer 's " limited access " to major financing and the " relative cheapness " of Pfizer 's shares , which could dilute the transaction 's value .
If the deal is approved , several mutual funds stand to benefit from large stakes in Wyeth shares , according to Morningstar .
They include Fidelity Select Pharmaceuticals Fund FPHAX , - 0.32 % , which had committed 7.8 % of assets to the stock as of Nov. 30 , and Mainstay ICAP Select Equity Fund ICSLX , which had 6.9 % of assets in Wyeth stock as of the same date .
Despite the recent thaw in NATO - Russian relations , the Kremlin 's latest move to project military force is raising some alarms .
Russia and the breakaway state of Abkhazia announced yesterday they had concluded a deal that would allow Russia establish an air and naval bases in the republic .
Abkhazia – a once - lovely seaside resort ( pictured here ) that was trashed during a civil war in the early 1990s – won recognition from Russia as an independent state after the war in South Ossetia this summer .
( Besides Russia , only Nicaragua has recognized Abkhazia 's independence . )
The Financial Times summarizes the anxiety over Moscow 's latest move .
" Nato members are concerned at the decision because they see it is an important step in allowing Russia to project its military strength beyond its borders , " the paper dryly notes .
" They also believe the move deepens the violation of Georgian sovereignty after Russia invaded Georgia last August and declared Abkhazia and South Ossetia independent territories . "
Some other factors are at work here .
Russia has another Black Sea base at Sevastopol , which belongs to Ukraine .
The lease for that base on the Crimean peninsula , however , runs out in 2017 .
Building an airbase in Abkhazia could also be a raised middle finger at the United
States , which runs an airbase in Kyrgyzstan ( which does n't share a border with Russia , but which the Kremlin considers to be part of its sphere of influence ) .
Complicated enough ?
Givi Targamadze , the head of Georgia 's parliamentary committee on defense and national security , told Reuters the move proved Russia 's expansionist ambitions .
" It demonstrates that
Russia 's real goal was never the protection of its so - called citizens in South Ossetia or Abkhazia , but to use these territories for new military bases , " he said .
And just in case DANGER ROOM readers forgot , the United States and Georgia signed a strategic pact earlier this month .
[ PHOTO : Nathan Hodge ]
ALSO :
President Obama wants to review the tribunal process
The military trial of an inmate held at Guantanamo Bay has been suspended after a request by US President Barack Obama .
In one of his first acts as president , Mr Obama asked for a temporary halt to all tribunals to review the process .
The judge in the case of Omar Khadr - a Canadian man accused of killing an American soldier in Afghanistan in 2002 - has suspended the case for 120 days .
There are 21 pending cases , including those against five men accused of plotting the 11 September 2001 attacks .
The judge in that case will consider the president 's request later on Wednesday .
Mr Obama has repeatedly promised to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp , where some 250 inmates accused of having links to terrorism remain .
Just hours after taking the oath of office on the steps of the US Capitol , he moved to halt the controversial process of military tribunals .
GUANTANAMO BAY Established after 9/11 attacks to hold foreign terror suspects 250 inmates remain in the camp Charges brought in 21 cases
' Struggle ' to close Guantanamo Q&A : Guantanamo detentions
The two - page document , ordered jointly by Mr Obama and the US Department of Defense , sought a 120 - day suspension of trials .
The delay would " permit the newly inaugurated president and his administration time to review the military commission process " , the document said .
The legal process has been widely criticised because the US military acts as jailer , judge and jury , says the BBC's Jonathan Beale in Guantanamo .
And in his inaugural address on Tuesday , Mr Obama emphasised the idea of respect for justice and the rights of the individual , rejecting " as false the choice between our safety and our ideals " .
However , closing Guantanamo
Bay will not be easy , our correspondent adds .
Questions remain over where those charged will be tried and where those freed can be safely sent .
On his first full day in the Oval Office , Mr Obama is due to meet top national security officials as he takes over as commander - in - chief .
In his inaugural address , the new president spoke of his desire to usher in a new era of peace , " to responsibly leave Iraq to its people , and forge a hard - earned peace in Afghanistan " .
Officials said he would conduct a video conference with US military chiefs in the two countries .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Some of you may be too young to remember the late '90s , but those who are n't may recall when the real star of Kurt Warner 's rise to fame was his shrewish outspoken wife , Brenda .
Advertisement
When Warner came out of nowhere to lead the St. Louis Rams to the Super Bowl in 1999 , Brenda was his partner in crime .
Partly because of her backstory — Brenda was a divorced former Marine with two kids , when she met Kurt , who was working as a grocery store stock boy — and partly because when the team later struggled , she had a habit of calling radio stations to complain about the media and the Rams coaches .
( Although that did earn her a radio show at one point . )
Her short and spiky gray hair and loud , frequent clapping made her seem almost like Warner 's mom than his wife , and it made both of them the butt of many jokes .
However , now that Kurt 's career has been resurrected yet again , Brenda has been nearly absent from the spotlight .
The family isolation cameras that longingly gaze at loved ones in the stands have all but ignored her on this Arizona playoff run and she has studiously avoided nearly all press .
The family has never been closer — they have seven kids now — but perhaps a better understanding of PR and image management led to a conscious effort to keep her out of the news and off the back of his detractors .
Advertisement
Most shocking of all , however , was the makeover she underwent at some point in the last few years .
Her image was as ubiquitous as Kurt 's was during the St. Louis glory days , but recent pictures of her are very hard to come by — which is a shame because ... she 's kind of a babe .
Let 's just the say the crew cut was not her most flattering look .
If she wanted to escape the competition for " most annoying sports spouse , " that 's one way to do it .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Oh , I 'm sure a soft - lit profile will show up somewhere in the Super Bowl pregame show , but the stereotypical image of the angry , manipulative wife is long gone .
I sure do miss that tough old broad .
Warner 's Family Accepts Bounty and Burden of Football [ NY Times ]
Warner Get Emotional With Wife Following Game [ Real GM ]
When Did Brenda Warner Stop Looking Like Ivan Drago And Start Getting Hot ? [ Busted Coverage ]
Photo : Midnight - digital / Flickr
Crisis schmisis .
It ’s nothing more than a crisis of consumer confidence , and Wired.com Editor Dylan Tweney ’s list of 12 Good Gadgets for Hard Times is a great way to spend some money to survive it .
But what happens in a real crisis , the kind where the world stops working , the electricity stops working and ( gasp ) the internet
stops working ?
Every New Year ’s
Eve , some wacko predicts the End of
Days .
What might you need ?
Consulting my huge back catalog of post - apocalyptic science fiction , I came up with the following list of true essentials .
Bonus points for spotting the Sci-Fi sources .
Still
In order to weather the End of the World , you ’ll need a stiff drink .
Once the supermarkets have been looted , you can become the most profitable member of your tribe by building a liquor still .
Finding one might be tricky , so the quickest way is to build your own .
First , hit Wikipedia for the details and print them , right now ( remember , there will be no internet ) .
Then , you ’ll need to ferment something starchy or sugary to get some alcohol .
Then , it ’s into the still .
A good vessel is a copper hot - water tank .
It probably even has a heating element inside , but if you ’re out of power you ’ll need to light a fire .
The trick is to take the temperature up enough to boil the alcohol , but leave the water behind .
The vapor is then condensed back to liquid in a spiral pipe .
Just be careful you leave the “ top and tail ” — the undesirable parts of fermentation at the beginning and end , including the poisonous alcohol , methanol .
You ’re done .
Now you just need an old barrel and five years of patience .
Eyeglasses
Collect these if you can .
Like Eldon Blaine in PKD ’s Doctor Bloodmoney , you could make some cash off the former contact lens wearers .
Better still , try to pick up some stronger lenses , or magnifying glasses .
With a lens you can use the sun to heat things , and set them on fire — you know , like you did to ants when you were a kid .
Equally useful is the parabolic mirror , found in the wild in electric bar heaters but easily made with the right math and a shiny piece of metal .
This can be used as a solar oven .
Mmmm , barbecue .
Now you just need to catch some critters , and for that you ’ll need some …
Knives
Essential .
The knife has so many uses it should be your first priority .
You ’ll also need more than one : your chef ’s knife wo n’t be much good at chopping onions if you first use it to chop down the wood for cooking them .
We also recommend a machete , mainly because we ’ve seen too many explorer movies where the machete is used as both weapon and jungle - clearer .
When you loot your local Walmart , forget the iPods and grab one of these .
Then grab the iPods .
Electricity
Fire only goes so far .
It ’s great for cooking and keeping you warm , and especially for those romantic dinners with the boy or girl from the neighboring bunker , but after a while you ’re going to need some juice .
Fire can be turned into electricity , but it ’s tricky and wasteful .
Better to use the wind and the sun .
Solar panels are good , as are wind turbines .
The latter can be made with a bicycle wheel , a few fence panels , some wire and some magnets .
I know — I made one in art college .
You wo n’t power the HDTV you just stole , but it should be enough for some light and to charge the iPod Touch .
i Pod Touch
What ?
An iPod ?
Is n’t that a little frivolous ?
No , my future shocked friends , it ’s an essential piece of kit , and if you preload it properly and make the generator above , it will serve you well .
First , music will stop you going crazy .
Load the iPod with some classic tunes that wo n’t drive you mad after a year or two , and then head to the App Store .
There you will find the whole of Wikipedia , ready for offline use .
This could be the best 2GB you ever downloaded — even better than the Hi-Def “ Two Girls One Cup ” video you got via BitTorrent .
Having the Wikipedia in your pocket means you ’ll be able to tackle any problem , ever .
Well , almost .
A quick pre-apocolyptic visit to pornhub should take care of the rest .
More
There are other things you may need , but the list above will serve for survival , fun and profit .
Of course , we welcome suggestions for our disaster kit , so leave them in the comments .
So , the RNC finally filed the paperwork for its coordinated campaign expenditures today .
The goal was to bury the spending on Sarah Palin 's extravagant wardrobe until after the election .
The subterfuge annoyed me .
So , I decided to publish the highlights from the records in a Google - accessible format .
Let 's let RNC donors know where their money is going .
The pattern of expenditures suggests deliberate subterfuge .
Almost all the expenditures are dated Oct 17 or Nov 20 .
Palin appeared on Saturday Night Live Oct 18 , which explains the first orgy of consumerism .
The Politico broke the Palin wardrobe story on Oct 22 .
Katherine Coughlin spent over $ 600 at Dillard 's on Oct 28 .
Palin claimed that all the shopping was for the RNC when was held during the first week of September .
It 's unlikely that any items were purchased after the election .
RNC lawyers were dispatched to Alaska to collect Palin 's trousseau by Nov 8 .
So , what 's with the Nov 20 date ?
Is the RNC deliberately misstating the dates of the purchases -- perhaps to explain why the outlays were n't disclosed prior to the election ?
So , here are the highlights from the RNC 's latest Schedule F :
Jeannie Etchart made two purchases worth $ 339.67 and $ 611.64 at Brooks Brothers in New York City on Oct 17 .
She also ran up bills $ 1162.56 and $ 200.21 at Macy 's in Orlando that same day .
Etchart also spent $ 302.72 at Dick 's Sporting Goods that day and an additional $ 79.98 at Dick 's on Nov 20 .
At Kate Spade in NY she spent $ 146.31 on Nov 20 . and another $ 774.68 at Macy 's in McLean VA on Nov 20 .
Etchart paid $ 484.74 and $ 188.51 at Nieman Marcus in Denver , CO on Oct 17 .
She spent another $ 2130.40 at Nieman Marcus in Dallas on Nov 20 .
She spent $ 702.00 at Saks 5th Ave. in New York on Oct 17 , and $ 3360.21 at Saks in Cinncinatti , OH on Nov 20 .
She spent $ 44.00 at Victoria 's Secret in Philadelphia on Nov 20 .
Etchart bought $ 86.00 worth of " campaign accessories " at Zoe & Co. , a custom bra fitting boutique in Rhode Island on Nov 20 , slogan " the perfect pick - me - up . "
Palin advance man Brennan
Hart spent an additional $ 40.00 at Dick 's Sporting Goods on Oct 17 .
Chris Burt spent $ 151.71 at Toys R Us in New York on Nov 20 .
Bruce Goodwin dropped $ 74.90 at Once Upon a Child on Nov 20 in Pittsburgh .
Katherine Coughlin spent $ 620.23 at Dillard 's on Oct 28 .
Kristi Pulsfort dropped $ 350 at the Escape Skin Care and Day Spa in New York City on Nov 20 .
She also spent $ 160.00 at Mateos Salon and Day Spa in Colorado Springs , CO that same day .
Andrew Smith dropped $ 1788.13 at Bloomingdale's in Orlando on Oct 17 as well as $ 561.00 at Home Optics in Alaska , and $ 372.13 at Macy 's in Orlando , FL .
Bexie Nobles paid a $ 230.64 bill at the Hanover St. Chop House Dining in Manchester NH on Nov 20 , an expense that shows up in the records as a " campaign accessory . "
She paid $ 138.78 at Mark Pardo Salon - Spa in Albuquerque , NM on Oct 17 .
Bexie shelled out $ 104.37 to Victoria 's Secret in Ohio on Oct 17 .
She spent another $ 324.00 on campaign accessories at Saks NY on Nov 20 .
New York Stylist Lisa Kline got $ 54,900.00 for " consulting " on Nov 20 , and a mysterious New York - based Cora James got $ 15,000 for " consulting " on Oct 17 .
Needless to say these outlays are dwarfed by the massive coordinated expenditures to FLS Connect ( Jeff Larson 's consulting company , he of the earlier Nieman Marcus spree ) and Olsen Shuvalov , Karl Rove 's old firm .
Season Wrap Up
Despite having the ninth ranked payroll in the major leagues at $ 118 million ( and bringing the face of their franchise , Ichiro Suzuki , back in the off season ) , the Mariners still managed to lose 101 games and finish in last place in 2008 .
Prior to the season , many believed that the Mariners had the fire power to compete in their division .
While winning it outright may have seemed like a stretch , no one expected them to fall to the level which they did and end up just one game from having the worst record in the entire league .
While they avoided attaining the worst record in the league , they also missed nabbing the number one draft slot by one game , something that would have really helped a now depleted farm system .
At one point this off season , the Mariners did not have a general manager , manager or hitting coach .
With those rolls now filled , the team will have to look forward to 2009 and figure that it simply ca n’t go any worse than last season did .
The Mariners finished close to last in nearly every offensive and pitching category possible including runs scored ( 13th in the AL with 671 ) and allowed ( 11th with 811 ) , OPS ( 13th with .707 ) and ERA ( 11th with 4.73 ) .
Holes to Fill
The main holes to fill can be found in the everyday line - up where , asides from Ichiro , not only did they have trouble scoring runs , but they also had trouble getting on base .
During the season , they let two of their high paid veterans go in Jose Vidro and Richie Sexson ( neither of which was living up to their billing ) .
Sexson in particular had been given a huge deal to put up big homerun and RBI numbers , neither of which he was doing on any sort of a consistent basis in Seattle .
While Seattle has not made the best decisions in the past , they have shown that they are willing to spend money .
That might be the calling this off season when they go out on the open market to look for a new starting player for possibly four positions including a first baseman , designated hitter , center fielder and left fielder .
Last off season they sent a lot of young prospects to Baltimore in order to secure starting pitcher Erik Bedard .
Bedard looked promising in the games he played , the problem was that he did not appear in a game after the All Star break so there were n’t really that many games for him to appear promising in .
He eventually ended up having shoulder surgery in September and should be ready by opening day , if not by spring training .
Due to Bedard ’s hopeful return to the rotation next season , pitching is not as much of a concern for newly hired general manager Jack Zduriencik as hitting .
Zduriencik will still probably look to find at least one veteran arm for his rotation as well as a couple for the bullpen ( although it seems the Mariners will try to get at least one more season out of J.J. Putz in the closer role ) .
Free Agents
The Mariners currently have three players out on the free agent market looking for their next home with infielder Miguel Cairo , utility man Willie Bloomquist and outfielder Raul Ibanez all looking for new deals .
Ibanez is no doubt the first name on this list the Mariners will be looking at this off season and they will probably make a very serious offer to bring him back .
Ibanez was one of the few players in a Mariners jersey last season who actually showed some ability to get on base and drive in runs .
On a team where not many were hitting for average or power , Ibanez somehow managed to have 110 RBIs , which accounts for almost one sixth of the team ’s total runs last season .
At this point , it is hard to tell what the Mariners are going to do with Cairo .
There are points where it seems like they may bring him back , but he is probably going to command a larger deal than he is really worth and with so many other holes to fill , the Mariners will probably chose to look elsewhere to spend their money .
If Bloomquist is still around late in the free agency period , the M’s may make an offer to bring him back to Seattle as someone who can come off the bench and play pretty much anywhere once again .
The Outlook
It would be hard for the Mariners to be as bad as they were in 2008 in 2009 .
Even though the team has had pretty much a complete overhaul , one has to believe that they are somehow going to find a way to avoid the 100 loss plateau for the second season in a row .
The only thing halfway decent about the team last season was their fielding percentage which ranked a modest seventh in the AL at .984 .
Other than that , the M’s should aim to improve in every team category .
If the pieces fall in the right places , they should be able to move up at least one spot in the division .
It would be virtually impossible for them to dream to compete with the Angels ( who had almost the exact opposite record as the Mariners last season ) , but rising to compete with the Rangers or A ’s may be a possibility .
The baseball world will quickly learn if Zduriencik has what it takes to be the head of a front office at the big league level this off season as it seems like he has many pieces that are movable on his veteran team .
The main everyday player that will be put up on the trading block will be Adrian Beltre .
Everyone in baseball remembers the last time he had a walk year , especially the Mariners front office who handsomely rewarded him for one season of good baseball only to witness four average ones .
This and his expiring contract could make him a very attractive piece for teams who are either looking to dump salary at the end of next season or who believe that Beltre could provide some sort of push in a playoff race .
Seattle also has a few veteran pitchers , including Putz and starter Jarrod Washburn , who appear to be on the block for the right deal .
If teams wait on Washburn , they can probably acquire him for less than if they try to make a deal now because his perceived value in the league only seems to be heading south even during the off season .
While at least three farm hands saw a good chunk of playing time last season , the Mariners still have a few others in the wings that could be fighting with veterans for starting positions come spring training .
At the same time , the talent that is available does n’t seem to be the type that Zduriencik really likes to have in his farm system .
Bill Jordan is a contributor to BaseballReflections.com and can be reached by e-mail at BillJordaniv@yahoo.com .
Top Ruby Presenter of 2008 – Giles Bowkett
By Peter Cooper
Note :
This post is a part of Ruby Inside ’s Top 10 in 2008 series .
To learn more or see the other awards , read this introductory post .
Giles Bowkett - Controversy , Excitement , and Awesomeness in 2008
Giles simply had to feature in Ruby Inside 's Top 10 of 2008 and since there 's no Top Crazy Mofo category , he instead scores for this excellent presentation at RubyFringe ( yes , it 's all there to watch online , thanks to InfoQ ! )
Despite nominatively being about his " semi-autonomous Ruby musical instrument " Archaeopteryx , the presentation is really about building up an ecosystem around your passions - something most of us can relate to .
In his spare time , Giles has a provocative blog , works for star - studded Ruby - powered development team ENTP and works on the aforementioned awesomely unspellable Archaeopteryx .
We caught up with Giles for what was initially a short interview to find out what he 's been up to in 2008 and what he has planned for the coming year .. but his indepth answers have turned it into a much longer and more awesome affair :
Ruby Inside : So , Giles , how and when did you get into Ruby ?
Giles Bowkett : Somebody I knew was doing some kind of web project , as the project manager , and her programmer wanted to use Rails .
This was in 2005 .
She did n't know anything about Rails and was n't sure she should believe her programmer , who was utterly ecstatic about it .
I looked into Rails as a favor to her , just a simple tech review , and was kind of blown away by its awesomeness .
How have your Ruby & Rails related projects gone in 2008 ?
Surprises ?
Successes ?
Failures ?
I went to at least ten , maybe fifteen conferences and user groups this year to speak about Archaeopteryx , and that number is after leaving out the two conferences I missed by accident and the one I got myself banned from ( by criticizing an organizer ) .
This was both a success and a failure - I wore myself out to the point of near - exhaustion , but I got to speak at a ton of awesome conferences , meet a ton of interesting people , and learn about a ton of interesting projects .
The sheer number of awesome projects going on in Ruby - world right now is amazing .
Three things stand out to me as extraordinary : Archaeopteryx is awesome , I got good responses to nearly all my talks - with the response at RubyFringe being incredible - and best of all , my talks motivated people to create their own music projects .
I 've been able to replace parts of Archaeopteryx with better code by Ben Bleything , for example , and there 's a chance I 'll be able to do the same soon with superior code for timing as well .
( Timing is a really important piece in music software . )
I 've also got a beta of Matt Mower 's Elysium , which is Objective - C and MacRuby .
Matt told me my talk at RubyFringe was part of the inspiration for Elysium , and Elysium is a very innovative app .
This was a huge ego boost .
Seriously it 's really cool to see other people get excited about stuff like that .
What plans / outlook / projects do you have for 2009 ?
I 'm going to do less conferences and play more parts in student films .
I 'm going to put more energy into music this year as well .
Some more music software will result from that , I 'm fairly certain , but I 'm more interested in just making a ton of good beats .
I 'm going to look to sell my screenplay , of course , but if that does n't happen , I think I might set it up as a graphic novel on the Web .
There 's a lot of stuff in there about hippos vs. zombies that came out of random conversations at the Ruby Hoedown .
Ca n't say for sure , though .
I 'm also going to develop my barely - 0.0.1 refactoring console Towelie into something a little more useful , partly by building in connectors to similar projects like Reek and Flay .
I 'm going to clean up Archaeopteryx a little , make it easier for people to read .
There 's still continuations code in there I do n't even use , and it confuses newbies a lot - they think if you want to use Archaeopteryx , you have to understand continuations , and that 's not the case at all .
I 'm also probably going to be doing some training through ENTP , and some promotional videos for it as well , so although I wo n't be at conferences as much , there will still be some interesting video to watch .
And we developed something at ENTP which is pretty nifty , that might see the light of day as a microapp .
I 'm not sure if I can say anything more than that , though .
What do you think other Rubyists should be learning about or checking out in the new year ?
MacRuby looks like it 's going to be a big deal .
Rubyists who are into music will see cool stuff happening with Midiator and RAD ( and hopefully Archaeopteryx ! ) .
Elysium has embedded MacRuby scripting .
You can attach Ruby procs to individual notes , for example .
In the Web world Mike Pence is doing some interesting stuff with components , you might see some news on that front .
I think acts_as_git is crazy cool .
Blatant self - promotion here , but I 'm also stoked about Tender , an ENTP app .
GitHub uses it already .
It takes the suck out of customer support .
You should also use it for open source projects .
It 's a bug reporter that links seamlessly with Lighthouse ticket - tracking .
Have any Rubyists had a big impact on your work in 2008 ?
Markus Prinz and Xavier Shay made rbcoremidi , which makes it possible for Ruby to receive MIDI In on OS X .
Basically this means you can play a synthesizer and Ruby will know what notes you played .
I 've also used MIDI In to have a Nintendo WiiMote trigger arbitrary Ruby code .
rbcoremidi makes Ruby MIDI much more powerful .
Ben Bleything improved Archaeopteryx immensely .
I was actually arguing with Greg Borenstein from RAD ( the Ruby Arduino project ) over whether or not he should ask Ben for help with something , because Ben 's indispensable to both of our projects .
Greg is extremely smart , by the way , and doing a lot of awesome work .
I 'm hopefully going to interview him and do a podcast with Jeremy McAnally ( from the Ruby Hoedown , the Rubyist magazine , and of course ENTP ) if / when we get organized about that .
Sinatra is one thing I love , it 's like shell scripting for the Web .
It 's so easy to make throwaway apps that I went through several Sinatra apps in the course of building one Sinatra app , just because they 're so quick and easy to make that you can go through several versions , or build Sinatra app A to populate Sinatra app B with data .
I have to admit , though , I ended up grafting a lot of Railsy features onto Sinatra for a work project .
ActiveResource was a big part of 2008 for me but I added so many features to it with plugins and whatnot that on the project in question I turned it into a little bit of a Frankenstein monster .
In the end I really have to say ActiveResource is n't for every application .
You kind of have to think about resources in a particular way , which may or may not apply to what you happen to be doing .
Another project I like is Thor by Yehuda Katz .
Thor is utterly freaking awesome .
It 's just like , all the stuff that you were using Rake and Optparse for , even though you knew you should n't , you can now do with Thor , and it 's less overhead .
Obviously there are still some things where Rake is the clear winner , e.g. , I believe RAD uses Rake to compile Arduino code from Ruby , and using Rake as a compiler is actually pretty logical , in a twisted sort of way , because it is after all a Ruby make .
A lot of people use Rake for shell scripts , though , and that 's kind of nuts .
Thor is a much cleaner option for that , and it lets you avoid Optparse , which I personally find gnarly and then some .
GitHub changed the way I work , both by getting me onto git and because of its social features .
Git is awesome but I 'm still wrestling with its weirder corners .
Also locally in Los Angeles the LA Ruby user group is doing pretty awesome .
The people involved in making it happen would be Nate Murray , Dan Yoder , Morten Bagai , Coby Randquist from Confreaks , Reid MacDonald , Alf Mikula , Jakob Dunphy , and tons of other awesome people who I 'm totally dissing by forgetting them ( sorry ) .
You can tell I 've been in Los Angeles too long , my props to fellow Rubyists is as full of thanking people as some damn Oscar acceptance speech . ;-)
Also Stu Holloway told me about a wicked awesome project that I 'm not allowed to describe but which was the inspiration for Towelie .
And if you want to be a good programmer , the key is calendaraboutnothing .com ( by ENTP programmers Kyle Neath and Rick Olson aka Technoweenie ) .
Thanks Giles !
Projects and Links
Cindy McCain Affair : Cindy McCain Cheating ?
( Photos )
With the presidential election barely behind us , the plethora of political scandals continues .
In the latest bombshell , former presidential candidate 's wife , , is caught cheating with another man in photos that show the attractive blonde in a passionate embrace with a " long - haired man who resembles a washed - up ' 80s rock musician . "
The Cindy McCain affair is being reported by the Enquirer , who broke the news of former Senator John Edwards ' affair with Rielle Hunter .
According to the rag mag , the pair have been seen at sporting events and concerts , and have been spotted together in her hometown of Phoenix , AZ , over the past several years .
The grainy photos were supposedly snapped when Cindy and her mystery man attended the Tempe Music Festival , however , it has been pointed out by an astute reader that Cindy McCain was in Kosovo at the time the pictures were supposedly taken .
The Enquirer has only released one photo , but says there are more in the upcoming print edition .
I gotta say this sounds like more political mudslinging to me and I remain unconvinced .
BelAir Networks is known for powering the biggest public WiFi networks in North America : Minneapolis , Toronto , and Cablevision 's in - progress New York , New Jersey , and Connecticut network for its cable data subscribers .
( See our overview , " Second wind for muni WiFi ? " )
That might make today 's announcement by BelAir of the BelAir20 , an indoor 802.11n access point , seem a little odd .
For a firm that 's known for having its nodes strung outdoors , why point inwards ?
" Because our customers asked us to , which is a good place to be in , " said Stephen Rayment , the chief technical officer and BelAir 's co-founder .
BelAir 's happy extended family of WiFi nodes gets a new baby brother
" Over and over again , we got requests from all these service providers customers : ' BelAir , it 's not just outdoors , it 's not just beaming indoors from outdoors , there 's a totally indoor component to this as well , ' " he said .
Rayment said the growing service provider industry , which builds WiFi hotspots and hotzones for hotels , conference centers , hospitals , and mass transit , has specific needs and price points that BelAir thinks it can fill .
Rayment acknowledged the industry his firm is in has changed focus enormously since the collapse of many city - wide wireless proposals , and the success in Minneapolis is a rare exception .
" It 's now all about targeted coverage as opposed to the silly stuff people were asking us to do three or four years ago : 95 percent of the metropolitan area on day one , " he said .
" This outdoor WiFi stuff is still tough to do : a lot of the hurdles you have to go over to deploy indoors is less , " and that has led to more expansion in interior venues by the companies that BelAir works with .
Shifting targets
Municipal WiFi stumbled in 2007 after more two years of attempts to build citywide networks that typically had no particular purpose , were paid for by private firms building the networks , and that used optimistically high projections of uptake and low projections of hardware required .
New rollouts are smaller , more focused on specific purposes , and tend to grow over time as goals are achieved or usage targets are met .
BelAir 's view echoes what other companies in the same market , including Meraki , have said : inexpensive nodes that mesh over the same band they use to serve clients are the future .
BelAir 's architecture , like that of many enterprise - targeted wireless network systems , builds atop existing network management and authentication .
A device , when it associates with a BelAir20 ( or any BelAir node ) , has its MAC address passed back to the network core .
Rayment said that a client can go anywhere in Minneapolis " without ever having to re-register as long as he 's got contiguous coverage . "
The BelAir20 reaches from outdoors to indoors to extend management and authentication for large - scale networks
The BelAir20 ( list $ 1,199 ) acts as an extension of existing networks , whether those using BelAir technology or otherwise , although there 's tight integration with other equipment from the firm .
The device 's default configuration has two concurrent 802.11n radios : one devoted to 2.4GHz and one that can work over either 2.4GHz or 5GHz .
The radios each support two spatial streams using a 3x3 MIMO array for resilient performance .
Rayment said the device can use existing 802.3 af Power over Ethernet ( PoE ) wiring with both radios active at full power .
Added to a BelAir network , the second radio would be set to 5GHz , where it would use mesh networking for backhaul ; the 2.4GHz - only radio would handle 802.11b/ g/n clients .
BelAir was an early proponent of multiple - radio wireless nodes , generally deprecating single - radio mesh as too difficult to provide consistently high throughput .
BelAir sells nodes with two to four radios depending on uses , including nodes designed for the 4.9GHz public - safety band in the U.S .
Rayment says that 802.11n is n't fully baked yet for the outdoor environment , where he 's waiting to see performance in individual data streams that beats what BelAir 's current gear can provide with individual 802.11g and 802.11a radios .
" Fundamentally , I do absolutely believe that N is useful outdoors , " he said ; it 's just a matter of time .
By adding enterprise - like features and 802.11n to an indoor node , intended as an extension or a bridge , it 's clear that BelAir has aims on the rich vein of corporate networking that Cisco , HP ( through its Colubris acquisition ) , Trapeze ( part of Belden ) , and other firms now own .
Rayment does n't deny that 's an ultimate goal .
For now , though , the move is " really a logical evolution for us to augment our existing customers with this combined indoor / outdoor solution . "
What this node does , at last , is unite two previously demarcated network types , something that led to many of the inflated expectations and poor outcomes for early metro-scale WiFi networks .
BelAir may be the first company in this space to reach inside in quite this integrated a fashion , but expect to see new products , partnerships , and acquisitions as the outdoor meets the indoor .
The wireless LAN and wireless WAN might finally have the wall between them broken down .
FOR writing three ill - conceived sentences in a novel that sold fewer than 10 copies , Melbourne man Harry Nicolaides was yesterday sentenced to three years in a Thai prison .
Barefoot , wearing leg shackles and looking drawn and weary , Nicolaides stood to hear his sentence .
Harry Nicolaides waits in a Thai cell for his trial on charges of maligning Thailand 's king .
He was later found guilty and sentenced to three years in prison .
Credit :AP
The would - be writer was arrested at Bangkok Airport on August 31 last year on charges of lese majeste — the crime of maligning the revered Thai monarchy .
A book he had written in 2006 , Verisimilitude , contained a brief reference to an unnamed crown prince .
The passage was deemed insulting and a complaint was made to the police .
SHENZHEN , China --
The global downturn is taking a particularly severe toll on China 's legions of dynamic small businesses , forcing them to adopt innovative , and sometimes desperate , strategies to survive .
Ye Jianqing , like many other Chinese entrepreneurs , has seen a sharp decline in orders from the U.S. and Europe , which account for most of his business .
Last year , sales of the sunglasses his company , Wenzhou Zhenqing Glasses Co. , makes dropped 80 % to less than $ 300,000 from $ 1.5 million in 2007 .
Fearing ...
This is classy .
Barack Obama will be sworn into office with the same Bible that Abraham Lincoln used for his first inauguration in 1861 .
The move further extends the parallels that Mr. Obama has drawn with Lincoln since he announced his candidacy for president in February 2007 in Springfield , Ill .
This will be the first time an incoming president has used Lincoln ’s Bible , which is part of the collection at the Library of Congress .
( New presidents are not required to swear in on a Bible , but most have done so , and most use their own family Bible . )
I know kumbaya sounds corny , but he is our kumbaya president .
He does not like drama , fighting , in - fighting , etc .
He is fine with disagreeing , but looks for common ground .
Whether we may agree with Obama 's stance or not , it is a refreshing outlook from the eight years of Bush / Cheney dominance , which carried the attitude of " you are with us , or against us . "
This is what the international community has been waiting for , a president who is pragmatic , a listener , and one that many can work with .
And using Abraham Lincoln 's bible is just awesome , at least to me .
TAMPA , Fla . -- A Super Bowl title bought Jon Gruden time , but ultimately could n't save his job .
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers dismissed their fiery coach and general manager Bruce Allen on Friday , three weeks after the team completed one of the biggest collapses in NFL history , losing four straight games following a 9 - 3 start to miss the playoffs .
ESPN.com 's John Clayton and Pat Yasinskas reported that according to multiple sources , the Bucs would hire defensiver coordinator Raheem Morris as head coach and pro personnel director Mark Dominik as general manager to succeed Gruden and Allen .
The team scheduled a news conference for 3:30 p.m. ET Saturday , at which it was expected Morris and Dominik would be formally introduced .
Gruden was a rising star when he was hired seven years ago to take over a team built by Tony Dungy , and led it to the Super Bowl win .
But Gruden guided the Bucs to the postseason only two more times after becoming the youngest coach to win the NFL title in January 2003 .
That was n't nearly enough for the sons of owner Malcolm Glazer , who took their time before deciding they had seen enough of aging quarterbacks , mediocre drafts and a coach and general manager who often pinned the blame for poor finishes on injuries .
Gruden , who was 39 when the Bucs beat Oakland in the Super Bowl , went 60 - 57 in seven seasons , including a 3 - 2 mark in the playoffs .
Allen was general manager for the past five seasons in a reunion of a relationship that began when both were with the Raiders .
" These decisions are never easy .
This is the toughest decision you can make for an NFL franchise .
... Jon and Bruce are consummate professionals .
They 've poured their heart and soul into this franchise , " Buccaneers co-chairman Joel Glazer said .
" It 's really been an honor to work with them .
They gave their all . "
A source close to Gruden said the coach was " blindsided " by the move , ESPN's Chris Mortensen reported .
The Bucs were tied for first place in the NFC South heading into December , but finished with losses to Carolina and Atlanta on the road and San Diego and Oakland at home , where they had been 6 - 0 .
One more win would have secured a NFC wild - card berth .
The 9 - 7 record this season gave Gruden consecutive winning records for the first time since arriving in Tampa Bay , yet still left the Bucs out of the playoffs for the fourth time in six years and prompted the Glazer family to reevaluate the direction of the franchise .
" Any time a season ends , especially the way our season ended , it 's a very , very emotional time .
And one thing we always like to do is not act on emotion , let things simmer down , think through things carefully and not make any quick , rash decisions , " Glazer said .
" After taking a lot of time to look at our franchise , look where it 's been , look where it is , look where we want to go , we just felt this was the time for a change . "
That change appears likely to come from within the organization .
Morris , 32 , has made a meteoric rise from being Hofstra 's defensive backs coach in 2000 - 2001 to likely head coach of the Bucs in 2009 .
Morris was on the Buccaneers ' defensive coaching staff from 2002 to 2005 , was defensive coordinator at Kansas State in 2006 , and returned to Tampa Bay as the defensive backs coach in 2007 and 2008 .
Morris interviewed for the Broncos ' head coaching position after Mike Shanahan was dismissed .
Morris was promoted to defensive coordinator of the Bucs after Monte Kiffin left for the University of Tennessee .
Dominik joined the Bucs in 1995 as a pro personnel assistant .
He was a candidate for the Chiefs general manager job that eventually went to Scott Pioli .
The Glazers fired Dungy after consecutive first - round playoff losses in Philadelphia and used four high draft picks -- two No. 1s and two No. 2s -- and $ 8 million cash to pry Gruden away from the Raiders following the 2001 season .
He was an instant hit , retooling an inept offense and riding a defense that ranked No. 1 in the NFL to the Super Bowl .
Interestingly , his firing came four days after Dungy announced his retirement after a successful seven - year run that included one NFL title with the Indianapolis Colts .
What you notice here is perhaps the most coolest way to appear at a senior prom that you could maybe imagine .
The GP Limo was created by Michael Pettipas for 7 people ( 6 passengers and an knowledgeable driver ) and you may think that providing an authentic F1 skill to his riders would be enough , but it seems that it ’s not .
Michael in fact wants the GP Limo to beat the Bugatti Veyron ’s 253 mph record for a street legal car .
At the moment the GPLimos.com website claims the car was in fact shooting for a top speed of 300 mph through tests at the Bonneville Salt Flats , but that was over 3 years before , and specified the detail that the Veyron and the SSC Ultimate Aero TT still sit at the top of the record list .
Some supermarkets , gourmet shops and bakeries routinely sell mislabeled products that pose a danger to children with food allergies , according to Chicago Tribune testing and a comprehensive check of grocery aisles .
When informed of the findings , more than a dozen companies and stores said they would remove products from shelves or fix labels to properly disclose all ingredients .
In one of the nation 's largest examinations of undisclosed ingredients in food , the Tribune reviewed thousands of items at 60 locations in or near Chicago , finding dozens of products obviously mislabeled .
The newspaper also conducted 50 laboratory tests - more than the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration combined over the last several years - to determine precise ingredients .
The newspaper 's wide - ranging examination stretched from chain groceries in Naperville , Ill. , to ethnic stores in Chicago 's Pilsen neighborhood to specialty shops in downtown Chicago .
In the end , the Tribune identified 117 products that appear to violate federal food labeling laws .
Following previous Tribune reports that showed how government and industry fail to root out hidden allergens , this examination reveals the alarming scope of the problem .
The findings also offer lessons for parents trying to protect their children , from how to spot mislabeled food to which kinds of products are more likely to be tainted .
UNSEEN ALLERGENS
No .
1 : Label errors abound
Parents should know that many product labels contain flaws that mask major allergens .
Eight foods - milk , eggs , wheat , soy , peanuts , tree nuts , fish and shellfish - account for 90 percent of food allergies .
That 's why federal law requires ingredient labels to disclose them .
Yet the Tribune found numerous examples of those ingredients not being declared , such as in Frontier Soups Cincinnati Chili mix , sold at Arista Foods on May Street in Chicago .
Milk is not listed on the label , but when the Tribune sent the product to a University of Nebraska laboratory specializing in allergens , tests showed the chili mix contained milk .
Frontier owner Trisha Anderson said milk likely slipped into the chili mix through cross-contamination during manufacturing .
" We will change our labeling to reflect this allergen information , " she said .
The newspaper also found more than a dozen products with incomplete labels that , for example , simply list " flour " as an ingredient .
If an item contains , say , wheat flour , the packaging must say so .
Likewise , if a label discloses " butter , " it must also state " milk . "
The law was written that way partly because many children with allergies must check labels themselves and cannot be expected to know the sub- ingredients in foods .
When the Tribune alerted manufacturers of the incomplete labels , several said they would remove the products from shelves or , like Frontier , amend labels .
Seattle - based Theo Chocolate said it planned a national recall of its Caramel Collection candy after the newspaper informed the company that its labels disclosed " organic butter " but not milk .
The company said 5,000 individual packages , sold at the Whole Foods Market grocery chain , would be recalled shortly .
" It comes down to doing the right thing , " said Andy McShea , Theo 's chief operating officer .
The Tribune also found that Eddie 's New York City Gourmet Pizza Slices listed flour in its ingredients without specifying the kind .
Tests at the Nebraska lab showed the pizza contained 5,000 parts per million of gluten , indicating the presence of wheat , rye or barley .
California - based Safeway Inc. , which owns the Dominick 's grocery chain , said it would remove the pizza slices from about 60 stores across the country , including 10 Dominick 's in the Chicago area .
Efforts to reach Eddie 's J2 Broadway 's NYC Flying Pizza Co. , the Brooklyn company that produces the pizza , were unsuccessful .
Not all companies were quick to act .
Tribune testing found Kodiak Cakes Big Bear Brownies mix contained milk , which is not disclosed on the label .
Joel Clark , president of Baker Mills , the Salt Lake City company that makes the mix , said the amount found in the Tribune test - 940 parts per million - was too small to warrant a recall .
" At that level , I think we 're OK , to be honest , " he said .
In fact , federal law states that all ingredients - including allergens - must be disclosed on labels .
Moreover , experts believe there is no safe level of allergens for people sensitive to them .
Told of this , Clark said he was considering placing an allergen advisory on the box .
___
No .
2 : Technically , some labels confuse
Parents should understand the scientific terms used for major allergens .
Ingredient statements are not supposed to use technical terms for common allergens , such as " durum semolina " for wheat or " whey " for milk - again to protect children reading labels .
But the Tribune found a dozen examples of that violation .
At a Jewel - Osco on West 103rd Street in Chicago , and at other retail outlets , the Tribune found Lund 's Swedish Pancake Mix that listed " whey powder " without listing milk .
Lab results showed the mix contained 5,000 parts per million of milk .
" I understand the severity of these situations , " said Scott Buhl , executive vice president of Chicago - based Noon Hour Food Products , which produces the mix .
" We should be labeling this as milk .
We 'll make that change right away . "
Jewel - Osco spokesman Miguel Alba said the chain would pull the pancake mix from 185 stores in the Midwest .
The supermarket chain also said it would pull Violet Crumble bars from the same stores after the Tribune found the labels disclosed " whey powder " but not milk .
The candy , a chocolate - covered honeycomb , is made by Nestle Australia Ltd .
Spokeswoman Fran Hernon said the company stopped producing the candy for U.S. export late last year .
Several other companies said they would pull products or change labels after the newspaper found labels listing " durum semolina " or " spelt " without noting that means wheat .
Among them : Toronto - based ShaSha Co. , maker of Ginger Snaps , which lists " spelt flour " on the ingredient label .
Owner Shaun Navazesh said he would change the labels but not recall the cookies because he could not afford the financial setback .
" Our low sales already have forced us to shut down for more than two weeks , " he said .
___
No .
3 : Oats are often tainted with wheat
Parents of children with wheat allergies or celiac disease should steer clear of oats .
The Tribune tested six brands of oat cereal , and all had hidden gluten , most likely traces of wheat or barley .
Experts say it is difficult to keep wheat out of oats because farmers often grow the crops side by side .
A little wind , and oats can become tainted with wheat .
Cross-contamination also can occur when farmers use the same equipment to harvest , store and transport wheat and oats .
By law , labels are required to disclose only ingredients in the product 's formulation .
Substances that might slip in through cross-contamination do not have to be declared , though more and more companies are putting such warnings on labels .
Tricia Thompson , author of " The Gluten - Free Nutrition Guide , " said many people suffering from celiac disease , which can cause severe stomach cramps , know to avoid oats .
But oat products , she said , should warn that they might contain wheat , rye or barley .
None of the six oatmeal products tested by the Tribune clearly warned consumers about the possibility of wheat , a major allergen .
But after the Tribune informed New York - based HappyFamily that its HappyBellies Oatmeal Cereal contained gluten , Chief Operating Officer Jessica Rolph said she would relabel the product .
She added that consumers have been asking her company whether the cereal contains wheat .
" Parents are definitely concerned about this , " Rolph said .
The oats that tested highest for gluten in the Tribune examination were made by the Quaker Oats Co. Spokeswoman Candace Mueller said Quaker is aware that cross-contamination can occur in its oats , but " we are confident that our labels are accurate and our products are safe . "
___
No .
4 : Beware of imports
Parents should know that imports are often unchecked and mislabeled .
The Tribune found imports with incomplete labels or ingredients listed in other languages - each a violation of the law .
Among the examples : Valencianos Artisanal Crackers , manufactured in Spain and sold at Whole Foods .
The distributor , Forever Cheese of Long Island City , N.Y. , initially maintained that the rules did n't apply to the firm because it imports only a small volume of the crackers .
But the FDA said the rules do apply , regardless of how much is imported .
When told that , Forever Cheese acknowledged that the packages were mislabeled and would be fixed .
Whole Foods said it would pull the Valencianos crackers from shelves nationwide .
Over the last 10 years , at least 1 in 7 recalls for undeclared allergens by the FDA and USDA involved imported food , a Tribune database shows .
Most products were from China , where , experts say , there are few rules regarding labeling .
New York state authorities test many imports for mislabeled food , but few other regulators do .
With limited checks on foreign labels , many imports pose a significant risk to U.S. children with allergies .
" If I had a food allergy , I would n't eat imported foods , " said Dan Rice , director of the New York state food laboratory .
___
No .
5 : Skip unlabeled food
Parents should not guess the ingredients in unlabeled food ; common allergens can exist in unlikely products .
Retail food made to order , such as deli sandwiches , or single items in bins , such as bagels , do n't need to have labels .
But packaged foods must .
The Tribune found 74 different packaged products sold without labels , including an array of baked goods at County Fair Foods in Chicago 's Beverly neighborhood and at Casey 's Foods in Naperville .
Tests on County Fair cookies showed that they contained milk and eggs .
County Fair President Tom Baffes said he was unaware of the requirement .
" We 've talked about it from time to time , " he said of listing ingredients on labels , " and it 's just something that we have to take the time to do . "
Baffes said that occasionally a customer will ask about allergens in the cookies , rolls and muffins produced there .
Staff members typically then check , he said .
The store will begin listing ingredients on the baked goods , Baffes said , adding , " I think it 's a good idea to have it out there . "
Casey 's manager Kevin Killelea noted that the store has allergen advisory signs in the bakery , a measure he thought met the legal requirements .
" If this is n't where we 're supposed to be with this , we want to protect the customers , " he said , adding that he would contact the FDA .
" If it means that we must put it on our labels , then that 's what we 're going to do . "
___
© 2008 , Chicago Tribune .
Visit the Chicago Tribune on the Internet at www.chicagotribune.com/
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
With so many of us in the technology industry working from home during this pandemic , it is important to periodically check official sources with regard to guidelines , laws , and your rights as a worker and resident of Washington State and beyond .
NEARLY SEVENTY YEARS ago , in the course of World War II , a heinous crime was committed in the city of Leningrad .
For more than a thousand days , a gang of extremists called “ the Red Army ” held the millions of the town ’s inhabitants hostage and provoked retaliation from the German Wehrmacht from inside the population centers .
The Germans had no alternative but to bomb and shell the population and to impose a total blockade , which caused the death of hundreds of thousands .
Some time before that , a similar crime was committed in England .
The Churchill gang hid among the population of London , misusing the millions of citizens as a human shield .
The Germans were compelled to send their Luftwaffe and reluctantly reduce the city to ruins .
They called it the Blitz .
This is the description that would now appear in the history books – if the Germans had won the war .
Absurd ?
No more than the daily descriptions in our media , which are being repeated ad nauseam : the Hamas terrorists use the inhabitants of Gaza as “ hostages ” and exploit the women and children as “ human shields ” , they leave us no alternative but to carry out massive bombardments , in which , to our deep sorrow , thousands of women , children and unarmed men are killed and injured .
IN THIS WAR , as in any modern war , propaganda plays a major role .
The disparity between the forces , between the Israeli army - with its airplanes , gunships , drones , warships , artillery and tanks - and the few thousand lightly armed Hamas fighters , is one to a thousand , perhaps one to a million .
In the political arena the gap between them is even wider .
But in the propaganda war , the gap is almost infinite .
Almost all the Western media initially repeated the official Israeli propaganda line .
They almost entirely ignored the Palestinian side of the story , not to mention the daily demonstrations of the Israeli peace camp .
The rationale of the Israeli government ( “ The state must defend its citizens against the Qassam rockets ” ) has been accepted as the whole truth .
The view from the other side , that the Qassams are a retaliation for the siege that starves the one and a half million inhabitants of the Gaza Strip , was not mentioned at all .
Only when the horrible scenes from Gaza started to appear on Western TV screens , did world public opinion gradually begin to change .
True , Western and Israeli TV channels showed only a tiny fraction of the dreadful events that appear 24 hours every day on Aljazeera ’s Arabic channel , but one picture of a dead baby in the arms of its terrified father is more powerful than a thousand elegantly constructed sentences from the Israeli army spokesman .
And that is what is decisive , in the end .
War – every war – is the realm of lies .
Whether called propaganda or psychological warfare , everybody accepts that it is right to lie for one ’s country .
Anyone who speaks the truth runs the risk of being branded a traitor .
The trouble is that propaganda is most convincing for the propagandist himself .
And after you convince yourself that a lie is the truth and falsification reality , you can no longer make rational decisions .
An example of this process surrounds the most shocking atrocity of this war so far : the shelling of the UN Fakhura school in Jabaliya refugee camp .
Immediately after the incident became known throughout the world , the army “ revealed ” that Hamas fighters had been firing mortars from near the school entrance .
As proof they released an aerial photo which indeed showed the school and the mortar .
But within a short time the official army liar had to admit that the photo was more than a year old .
In brief : a falsification .
Later the official liar claimed that “ our soldiers were shot at from inside the school ” .
Barely a day passed before the army had to admit to UN personnel that that was a lie , too .
Nobody had shot from inside the school , no Hamas fighters were inside the school , which was full of terrified refugees .
But the admission made hardly any difference anymore .
By that time , the Israeli public was completely convinced that “ they shot from inside the school ” , and TV announcers stated this as a simple fact .
So it went with the other atrocities .
Every baby metamorphosed , in the act of dying , into a Hamas terrorist .
Every bombed mosque instantly became a Hamas base , every apartment building an arms cache , every school a terror command post , every civilian government building a “ symbol of Hamas rule ” .
Thus the Israeli army retained its purity as the “ most moral army in the world ” .
THE TRUTH is that the atrocities are a direct result of the war plan .
This reflects the personality of Ehud Barak – a man whose way of thinking and actions are clear evidence of what is called “ moral insanity ” , a sociopathic disorder .
The real aim ( apart from gaining seats in the coming elections ) is to terminate the rule of Hamas in the Gaza Strip .
In the imagination of the planners , Hamas is an invader which has gained control of a foreign country .
The reality is , of course , entirely different .
The Hamas movement won the majority of the votes in the eminently democratic elections that took place in the West Bank , East Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip .
It won because the Palestinians had come to the conclusion that Fatah ’s peaceful approach had gained precisely nothing from Israel - neither a freeze of the settlements , nor release of the prisoners , nor any significant steps toward ending the occupation and creating the Palestinian state .
Hamas is deeply rooted in the population – not only as a resistance movement fighting the foreign occupier , like the Irgun and the Stern Group in the past – but also as a political and religious body that provides social , educational and medical services .
From the point of view of the population , the Hamas fighters are not a foreign body , but the sons of every family in the Strip and the other Palestinian regions .
They do not “ hide behind the population ” , the population views them as their only defenders .
Therefore , the whole operation is based on erroneous assumptions .
Turning life into living hell does not cause the population to rise up against Hamas , but on the contrary , it unites behind Hamas and reinforces its determination not to surrender .
The population of Leningrad did not rise up against Stalin , any more than the Londoners rose up against Churchill .
He who gives the order for such a war with such methods in a densely populated area knows that it will cause dreadful slaughter of civilians .
Apparently that did not touch him .
Or he believed that “ they will change their ways ” and “ it will sear their consciousness ” , so that in future they will not dare to resist Israel .
A top priority for the planners was the need to minimize casualties among the soldiers , knowing that the mood of a large part of the pro-war public would change if reports of such casualties came in .
That is what happened in Lebanon Wars I and II .
This consideration played an especially important role because the entire war is a part of the election campaign .
Ehud Barak , who gained in the polls in the first days of the war , knew that his ratings would collapse if pictures of dead soldiers filled the TV screens .
Therefore , a new doctrine was applied : to avoid losses among our soldiers by the total destruction of everything in their path .
The planners were not only ready to kill 80 Palestinians to save one Israeli soldier , as has happened , but also 800 .
The avoidance of casualties on our side is the overriding commandment , which is causing record numbers of civilian casualties on the other side .
That means the conscious choice of an especially cruel kind of warfare – and that has been its Achilles heel .
A person without imagination , like Barak ( his election slogan : “ Not a Nice Guy , but a Leader ” ) cannot imagine how decent people around the world react to actions like the killing of whole extended families , the destruction of houses over the heads of their inhabitants , the rows of boys and girls in white shrouds ready for burial , the reports about people bleeding to death over days because ambulances are not allowed to reach them , the killing of doctors and medics on their way to save lives , the killing of UN drivers bringing in food .
The pictures of the hospitals , with the dead , the dying and the injured lying together on the floor for lack of space , have shocked the world .
No argument has any force next to an image of a wounded little girl lying on the floor , twisting with pain and crying out : “ Mama ! Mama ! ”
The planners thought that they could stop the world from seeing these images by forcibly preventing press coverage .
The Israeli journalists , to their shame , agreed to be satisfied with the reports and photos provided by the Army Spokesman , as if they were authentic news , while they themselves remained miles away from the events .
Foreign journalists were not allowed in either , until they protested and were taken for quick tours in selected and supervised groups .
But in a modern war , such a sterile manufactured view cannot completely exclude all others – the cameras are inside the strip , in the middle of the hell , and can not be controlled .
Aljazeera broadcasts the pictures around the clock and reaches every home .
THE BATTLE for the TV screen is one of the decisive battles of the war .
Hundreds of millions of Arabs from Mauritania to Iraq , more than a billion Muslims from Nigeria to Indonesia see the pictures and are horrified .
This has a strong impact on the war .
Many of the viewers see the rulers of Egypt , Jordan and the Palestinian Authority as collaborators with Israel in carrying out these atrocities against their Palestinian brothers .
The security services of the Arab regimes are registering a dangerous ferment among the peoples .
Hosny Mubarak , the most exposed Arab leader because of his closing of the Rafah crossing in the face of terrified refugees , started to pressure the decision - makers in Washington , who until that time had blocked all calls for a cease - fire .
These began to understand the menace to vital American interests in the Arab world and suddenly changed their attitude – causing consternation among the complacent Israeli diplomats .
People with moral insanity cannot really understand the motives of normal people and must guess their reactions .
“ How many divisions has the Pope ? ” Stalin sneered .
“ How many divisions have people of conscience ? ” Ehud Barak may well be asking .
As it turns out , they do have some .
Not numerous .
Not very quick to react .
Not very strong and organized .
But at a certain moment , when the atrocities overflow and masses of protesters come together , that can decide a war .
THE FAILURE to grasp the nature of Hamas has caused a failure to grasp the predictable results .
Not only is Israel unable to win the war , Hamas can not lose it .
Even if the Israeli army were to succeed in killing every Hamas fighter to the last man , even then Hamas would win .
The Hamas fighters would be seen as the paragons of the Arab nation , the heroes of the Palestinian people , models for emulation by every youngster in the Arab world .
The West Bank would fall into the hands of Hamas like a ripe fruit , Fatah would drown in a sea of contempt , the Arab regimes would be threatened with collapse .
If the war ends with Hamas still standing , bloodied but unvanquished , in face of the mighty Israeli military machine , it will look like a fantastic victory , a victory of mind over matter .
What will be seared into the consciousness of the world will be the image of Israel as a blood - stained monster , ready at any moment to commit war crimes and not prepared to abide by any moral restraints .
This will have severe consequences for our long - term future , our standing in the world , our chance of achieving peace and quiet .
In the end , this war is a crime against ourselves too , a crime against the State of Israel .
" These upside - down trains are a delightful idea and a great new take on old concept .
" It remains to be seen whether it could be a commercial prospect but we wish Mr Beadle all the luck in the world . "
Select Pages : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
by James 4 December 2012 292 Comments
Check out the new list : 94 Great Freeware Programs !
Check the the new collectiion of 27 Free Web Aplications for Webmasters and Developers
Special Hosting Offer ! – * On Sale * $ 3.88 / month !
The Freeware Mission started exactly one month ago .
My Windows XP powered PC crashed and I had to reinstall everything in it .
I decided to try something different : install only freeware programs except Windows XP ( I might try Ubuntu later ; ) .
I was a little bit uncertain at first , because I was using some commercial programs ( Microsoft Office , Nero , BitDefender etc. ) and I was n’t sure that I could find good freeware alternatives .
But I did after all .
My computer can do now everything it could do before the crash , but now it has only freeware programs installed .
Here is the list of essential freeware programs that I chose to install , please consider donating a few bucks to the people that made the open source programs presented in this list .
The List
1. AMP Font Viewer – Font manager , view , install , uninstall , organize your fonts .
an interesting feature is that you can “ test ” fonts before deciding to install them .
2. Ant Movie Catalog – A very important program for me , as I have more than 2500 movies in my collection .
Although it has no official support anymore it still is the best movie collection manager , even if it does n’t look as good as most competitors .
It ’s an open source program , maybe someone will take the source code and make it better .
3. Any Audio Converter –
The name says everything , it converts audio files , WMV , MP4 , WAV , WMA , OGG , AAC , MP3 , M4A , MP2 , etc .
The interesting feature is that it can extract the audio track from video files such as AVI , MPEG , MP4 , WMV , ASF .
Montreal , November 11 , 2008 – Canadian researchers have created a new protein patterning technique that 's enabled them to reproduce complex cellular environments and a miniature version of a masterpiece painting .
According to a new study published in the journal Lab on a Chip , scientists from Université de Montréal , the Maisonneuve - Rosemont Hospital Research Centre , McGill University and the Montreal Neurological Institute have developed a laser technology that can mimic the protein patterns that surround cells in vivo and that could lead to great advances in neuroscience .
To illustrate the precision of their protein patterning technique , the research team reproduced a masterwork of Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer , specifically Girl with a Pearl Earring , in the miniature dimension of 200 microns wide or about the thickness of two hairs .
The researchers also used their novel technology to replicate the brain 's complex cellular environment .
It 's a major discovery , since the new laser technology can encourage and guide the growth of finicky nerve cells .
" We have created a system that can fabricate complex methods to grow cells , " says Santiago Costantino , the study 's lead author and a scientist at the Université de Montréal and Maisonneuve - Rosemont Hospital Research Centre .
" We see this technique as being very relevant to neuroscience and immunology research .
With this system , we laid down a chemical gradient to guide the growth of nerve fiber , which is very useful in studying nerve damage and repair . "
Flexible and precise
Using laser - assisted protein adsorption by photobleaching ( LAPAP ) , the scientific team bound fluorescently - tagged molecules to a glass slides and created patterns of proteins similar to those of the human body .
They then demonstrated how flexible and precise this technique could be by reproducing a fluorescent micro version of Girl With a Pearl Earring .
" The flexibility , precision and ease of this technique will hopefully lead to increased access in protein patterning , which could lead to major advances in science , " says Dr. Costantino , who is also a member of the BioFemtoVision Canadian Research Group , which includes researchers from the Université de Montréal and the Institut National de la Recherche Scientifique who are working on developing new laser technologies for vision science .
" Our next goal is to extend laser - assisted protein adsorption by photobleaching to fabricate more complex protein combinations and distributions , " adds Dr. Costantino .
" We want to improve our imitation of the chemical environment found in the early stages of developing organisms . "
Source : University of Montreal
The research team reproduced the masterwork Girl with a Pearl Earring in the miniature dimension of 200 microns wide or about the thickness of two hairs .
( Photo Credit : Santiago Costantino , Université de Montréal )
The economic difficulties facing our country have for the first time , made the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury seem powerless in regards to starting the economic engine once again .
For nearly 100 years , the school of thought was that monetary policy was the driving force for everything .
If inflation was picking up , all you needed to do was raise rates and it would slow the economy down .
If the economy started slowing down dramatically like we are currently facing , all you needed to do was lower rates to add liquidity into the system .
The flaw with that thinking is that first , you assume government measures of inflation or economic activity are correct .
First regarding inflation , we had a decade long asset bubble fueled by easy credit and the government completely missed out on this because of the way inflation is measured , they look at a data point called owner ’s equivalent of rent .
That is , how much would it cost to rent your current place ?
This missed many data points since homeownership came close to reaching 70 percent at the peak and many people had exotic loans which many times understated the actual price of the home cost by as much 50 percent .
That is , you might have an adjustable rate mortgage paying $ 1,500 a month but the true 30 - year fixed monthly cost would run you closer to $ 3,000 .
Second , the government was late to the game in calling the recession .
First , many relied on the National Bureau of Economic Research to call the recession .
They were 12 months late here :
As the above points out , the NBER is n’t exactly precise on calling recessions and frankly , their job is more of a historical one .
We also had critics using the outdated model of calling a recession by looking at two negative quarters of GDP growth .
Of course this did n’t happen because in the first half of 2008 , the government sent out those stimulus checks which barely kept us in the positive .
So by that measure , we were n’t technically in a recession .
Yet those rebate checks were part of fiscal stimulus and you see how weak of an impact that had on the economy .
And do n’t think this was chump change .
$ 167 billion and look how it helped our economy .
When you have $ 49 trillion in combined debt , $ 167 billion is a drop in the bucket .
As I ’ve argued before , the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury are determined to destroy the U.S. dollar .
There policies are still clinging to a thought that believes monetary policy is the way to go .
Only recently , have they opened up their rhetoric to support fiscal stimulus .
After $ 8 trillion now committed to various bailouts , they are finally realizing that monetary policy is not the way .
$ 8 trillion is 57 % of our annual GDP .
Yet this is n’t to say fiscal stimulus is the solution either .
Think about how that tiny fiscal stimulus of $ 167 billion worked out .
All it did was kept GDP slightly positive and spurred some consumer spending .
In the scheme of things , this may be slightly better since at least those on main street get some more money instead of those on Wall Street but this did little to help the economic situation .
The government is now proposing a nearly $ 1 trillion stimulus package .
First , let us look at how large this really is :
This is going to push our total deficit close to 10 percent of our annual GDP .
That is the largest amount since World War II .
Think about that for one second .
We are fighting this economic battle like the Axis Powers .
The chart above is optimistic that this fiscal stimulus will be enough to boost the economy .
Yet the real question is will it ?
If $ 8 trillion committed to bailouts with nearly $ 3 trillion shelled out has n’t helped , why are we to expect that $ 1 trillion in fiscal stimulus is going to stop this recession ?
This argument tends to get politicized , one side favoring monetary policy and the other fiscal .
I think most Americans favor something that works .
We already know monetary policy does n’t work because of corrupt and misguided plutocrats at the Federal Reserve .
Yet the Congressional Budget Office may be too optimistic on how quickly we will be up to stable growth in our GDP :
I ’m not faulting the CBO here since they are simply putting out their forecast .
Yet why are we to think that things will already stabilize in 2010 ?
Last year we saw that 2.5 million people lost their jobs and this trend does n’t seem to be abating .
The incoming administration is looking to add 3 million jobs which will simply replace those lost in 2008 .
Yet is that reason enough for growth ?
The fact of the matter is we are incredibly deep in debt .
These historical actions tell us the government is at a point where this has to work .
Yet if we look at places like Japan and their lost decade ( two ) , they had a stagnant economy for nearly 2 decades .
They followed the same path we are , monetary policy failed ( Bank of Japan dropping rates to near zero ) , capital injections into banks , infrastructure programs , and all this happened on the back of a stock market and real estate bubble .
Yet Japan is a saving country .
We are a debt spending country .
The only way we can keep going is if the world is willing to fund our spending .
Now with the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury trying to destroy the dollar , why would you as a foreign country want to invest in something you knew was systematically trying to be de-valued ?
At a certain point , foreigners will stop because they either are broke or simply do not want to be put in a losing investment .
Take a look at Japan :
The bubble in Japan went full force from 1987 to 1990 and then popped .
Keep in mind the above chart does n’t show all the monetary and fiscal stimulus injected into the system when the bubble popped .
Even with that , the stock market and real estate declined ( is declining ) since 1990 .
That is why I ’m not as optimistic as the CBO that we ’ll be back and running at full steam by 2010 , certainly by 2011 .
People are pointing to the Great Depression and the New Deal as example of fiscal stimulus pulling us out of economic funks .
I ’m not sure I agree 100 % with this .
There are good things that came out of this like the FDIC , Glass - Steagall , financial regulations , and programs to help the poor .
Yet when I look at the data , it seems that fiscal stimulus only blunted the pain of any economic downturn for the average family instead of actually pulling an economy out of the dumps :
I think the average working person does not concern themselves with micro and macro economic forces , the Federal Reserve , or monetary policy .
I can count on one hand how many times the Federal Reserve has been mentioned on mainstream television .
Yet the unemployment rate is something the average American does feel .
This hits home probably the hardest .
The above chart highlights unemployment during the Great Depression .
As you can see , even after the New Deal , unemployment stayed above 20 percent for 3 more years , and never dropped below 14 percent until we entered World War II .
The dip in 1938 was a push to balance the budget which sent the nation back into recession .
So it would seem , that fiscal stimulus was the only game in town for a very long time here .
That is problematic .
What we can agree on is the unemployment rate did improve .
I ’m sure many workers actually appreciated working instead of looking for handouts even if it was government work .
Having a few bucks for food gave people a sense of dignity instead of soup lines .
Yet the above does n’t show that this spurred a sustainable economic model of growth .
Yet we have to be fair as well since GDP did grow during this time :
So what are a few things we can learn from above ?
First , GDP did improve under the New Deal .
Yet how much of the growth was based with government programs ?
A lot .
In fact , the recession in the later 1930s showed how much .
The government started cutting back and trying to balance its budget and you can see what happened .
Next , World War II turned on the rocket burners for GDP .
After the war , GDP slammed on the breaks .
We are in a tough spot .
The danger we face is the major reliance on government for jobs in the upcoming years .
Japan serves as a recent model of massive government intervention ( with no major war ) .
The Great Depression shows us that fiscal stimulus is n’t always a panacea .
I think most Americans want a country that has sustainable growth , that values hard work / production , and has a future for our younger generations .
Yet we have currently become a country that wants quick fixes .
We have never seen a housing and credit bubble like the one we just had that has wiped off $ 50 trillion in wealth globally .
To think that one year is going to change everything is naïve .
We have spent beyond our means and the piper must be paid .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
If I were really creative I would do trailers showing me reading and typing , etc .
Fortunately , I have no competence with video or graphic editing .
So for those dying for the release of my forthcoming book on the Great Depression , you will have to be satisfied when I respond in the comments at Marginal Revolution like so :
Stan wrote :
The story I ’ve heard about FDR and the Great Depression is a ) he applied mild fiscal stimulus in the period 1933 – 1937 and reduced the unemployment rate from the mid 30 ’s to 14 % ( lower if you include public employment ) , b ) he reverted to classical economics in 1937 and brought on a severe recession , and c ) spent vast sums on the military during WW II and ended the Depression .
If this is n’t true , would somebody explain why ?
I ’m not an economist , and I ’m interested in the answer .
Stan , I knew FDR raised taxes in 1937 but I was n’t sure if he also cut spending ; according to this site , he did .
So yes , on the surface Krugman would have a pretty strong card to play there .
I ’m actually working on a book on the Depression right now , and I ’m going to deal with this very point .
But for here , some really quick responses :
(1) If you play with the dates on this site , you can see that total federal spending absolutely collapsed during the 1920 - 1921 ( some say - 1922 ) depression .
Unemployment shot up to more than 11 percent in 1921 .
I do n’t have the figures handy , but wholesale prices declined very sharply too , I think even more quickly than they fell from 1929 - 1930 .
So according to your hypothesis , this should have been an awful Depression , and yet we do n’t even hear about it in school .
Unemployment was down to 6.7 % by 1922 , and down to 2.4 % by 1923 .
And really , you should look at how much federal spending fell during this period from 1919 levels ; it is shocking .
(2) To explain why the “ depression within a Depression ” of 1937 - 38 was so bad , and why unemployment was still over 14 % in 1940 , Vedder and Gallaway cite the high wages of the period .
In particular , in 1937 the Supreme Court ruled that the Wagner Act ( NLRB ) was constitutional , and union membership shot up by 40 % in a single year ( the biggest jump in US history ) .
Money - wages rose sharply , thus unemployment shot up .
And , I would argue , the fact that you were still smack - dab in the New Deal prevented recovery .
(3) As far as WWII getting the US out of the Depression , the best refutation of that is Bob Higgs ’ work .
He probably has some essays online , but I am using his collection of essays in the book _ Depression , War , and Cold War . _
Very briefly , his point is that the official statistics are meaningless in the war years .
Sure , measured unemployment went way down , but duh , if you ship millions of able - bodied men overseas , that will happen .
And sure , official GDP stats shot up , but when the government imposes price controls and rationing , and then has outlays exceeding 40 % of GDP , that will happen too .
But it ’s not obvious that this is a true economic recovery .
Hong Kong
The stranger , a Western businessman , slipped into the chair next to me at an Asia Society lunch here in Hong Kong and asked me a question that I can honestly say I ’ve never been asked before : “ So , just how corrupt is America ? ”
His question was occasioned by the arrest of the Wall Street money manager Bernard Madoff on charges of running a Ponzi scheme that bilked investors out of billions of dollars , but it was n’t only that .
It ’s the whole bloody mess coming out of Wall Street  the financial center that Hong Kong moneymen had always looked up to .
How could it be , they wonder , that such brand names as Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers and A.I.G. could turn out to have such feet of clay ?
Where , they wonder , was our Securities and Exchange Commission and the high standards that we had preached to them all these years ?
One of Hong Kong ’s most - respected bankers , who asked not to be identified , told me that the U.S. - owned investment company where he works made a mint in the last decade cleaning up sick Asian banks .
They did so by importing the best U.S. practices , particularly the principles of “ know thy customers ” and strict risk controls .
But now , he asked , who is there to look to for exemplary leadership ?
“ Previously , there was America , ” he said .
“ American investors were supposed to know better , and now America itself is in trouble .
Whom do they sell their banks to ?
It is hard for America to take its own medicine that it prescribed successfully for others .
There is no doctor anymore .
The doctor himself is sick . ”
An anonymous reader lets us know about a new initiative designed to help shield the open source software community from threats posed by patent trolls .
The initiative , called Linux Defenders ( the website is slated to go live tomorrow , Dec. 9 ) , is sponsored by a consortium of technology companies including IBM .
Collins said of the experience : " It was a bit like a dream come true to work on a Bond film .
On the first day filming I had to pinch myself as I was sitting there in Bond 's pin stripe suit with an Omega Watch .
I felt totally at home in the Aston Martin DBS , which is just an awesome car and it was a lot of fun hammering it around the Alps .
Internet co-founder Vint Cerf has revealed plans to create an Interplanetary Internet that will provide astronauts , spacecraft and robotic rovers a permanent , reliable communications network and put and end to the need for costly , tailor - made solutions .
According to Technology Review , almost every new space mission has its own custom made , point - to - point communications system .
With the increasing worldwide interest and investment in space missions , an interplanetary , standards - based communications network could put an end to this superfluous duplication , helping to cut the costs involved with each mission , whilst gradually improving delay times in transmissions .
Cerf is a Google VP and along with Robert Kahn , co-designed the TCP / IP protocols that provide the framework for our terrestrial Internet .
He is working with NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) and MITRE corporation in a project simply titled “ Interplanetary Internet ” , that is developing a standard much like TCP / IP to enable more efficient space communication .
The technology will be tested aboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) as soon as next year .
The delay and disruption - tolerant network ( DTN ) will use store - and - forward methods which rout data through hosts who store it until a link can be made .
The system will start small , with just a few active craft already in space like the ISS and Deep Impact spacecraft ( now EPOXY ) .
Each new mission that uses the required software will essentially become a new node in the network , decreasing the delay in communications and increasing the distance from which we can send and receive transmissions .
Thanks to this project , it may not be long before we have real - time voice and data links with other planets , which would offer unprecedented control for unmanned , exploratory missions .
It would also bring extraterrestrial colonization a step closer to becoming a reality .
Sources :
Technology Review via The Inquirer
For those wondering just how much effect cleaning up the air can have , researchers now have a much fuller picture .
Reductions in particulate air pollution during the 1980s and 1990s led to an average five - month increase in life expectancy in 51 U.S. metropolitan areas , with some of the initially more polluted cities such as Buffalo , N.Y. , and Pittsburgh showing a 10 - month increase , researchers said Wednesday .
The reductions in pollution accounted for about 15 % of a nearly three - year increase in life expectancy during the two decades , said epidemiologist C. Arden Pope III of Brigham Young University , lead author of the study appearing today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
It is well known that particulate air pollution reduces life expectancy , said environmental epidemiologist Joel Schwartz of the Harvard School of Public Health , who was not involved in the study .
But public policy makers “ are interested in the question of , ‘ If I spend the money to reduce pollution , what really happens ? ’ ” he said .
Advertisement
Schwartz reported two years ago that a study in six cities revealed increased life expectancy was associated with reductions in particulate pollution .
Pope and his colleagues expanded on that connection , finding that in a large fraction of the U.S. population “ the more particulate pollution went down , the more life expectancy went up . ”
Their finding “ greatly strengthens the foundation of the argument for air quality management , ” wrote environmental health scientist Daniel Krewski of the University of Ottawa in an editorial accompanying the report .
The particulates in question are called fine particulates because they are smaller than 2.5 microns in diameter , allowing them to burrow deep into the small air passages of the lung .
They have repeatedly been shown to produce cardiovascular and pulmonary disease .
Larger particulates , which cause visibility problems , have a much smaller effect on health .
The fine particulates are produced by cigarettes , gasoline and diesel engines , coal power plants , foundries and a variety of other urban sources .
Advertisement
Pope and his colleagues studied two sets of data collected in 214 counties , comprising 51 metropolitan areas , in 1980 and 2000 , comparing reductions in particulate levels and increases in life expectancies .
They used a variety of advanced statistical methods to try to eliminate effects linked to changes in population , income , education , migration and demographics .
They concluded that for every decrease of 10 micrograms per cubic meter of particulate pollution in a city , average life span increased a little more than seven months -- about the same amount seen in previous , smaller studies .
“ We are getting a return on our investment to improve air quality , ” Pope said .
Overall , the average life span in the 51 areas increased 2.7 years over the two decades , with the major share of the increase attributed to reductions in smoking and changes in socioeconomic factors .
Advertisement
Los Angeles , and Southern California in general , had large increases in life expectancy during the period , even though pollution levels did not drop as much as in other cities .
Pope attributed the increase in life span to a string of smoking bans begun in 1994 .
Pope thinks there is room for further improvement .
The average countrywide fine - particulate concentration in the early 1980s was about 20 micrograms per cubic meter , and that dropped to about 14 micrograms by 2000 .
“ It ’s reasonable to expect that we could reduce it by that much again , but then we reach a point of substantially diminishing marginal returns , ” he said .
--
Advertisement
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
From my home in the Gaza Strip , I followed the American election season with interest .
Many times
I heard the personal stories of Americans without access to healthcare and the toll illness has taken on their lives .
I can relate .
For months , I waited in Gaza , unable to leave ( despite the fact that I carry a British passport ) and increasingly desperate to secure a medical appointment about 45 minutes away in Israel .
The advanced medical treatment I need is not available here .
But although it is readily available just up the coast in nearby Tel Aviv , I was not allowed to visit my doctor there without permission from the Israelis , who still control our borders and , as the occupying power , remain responsible for the welfare of our civilian population .
In the end , I waited three months for a medical permit to travel to treat my multiple myeloma .
My requests were denied repeatedly until an Israeli friend who teaches at Tel Aviv University intervened and helped me secure a one - day permit .
That there are still Israelis willing to promote the rights of Palestinians provides me with what little hope I have these days .
The majority of Palestinians want only to live with peace and equality , accepting Israelis as our neighbors but not as our superiors or as our jailers .
The situation in Gaza got worse early last month when Israel tightened its blockade of Gaza .
Our food , fuel and medical supplies have been severely limited .
The blockade has ruined our economy and reduced many among us to a level of economic desperation that has alarmed United Nations officials .
According to Karen Koning Abu Zayd , the commissioner - general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency , the human toll of this siege is terribly grave .
Gaza has “ been closed for so much longer than ever before ... and we have nothing in our warehouses .
...
It will be a catastrophe if this persists , a disaster , ” she said .
And U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon recently called for the immediate easing of the closure because of “ deprivations of basic supplies and human dignity . ”
The secretary - general rightfully condemned Palestinian rocket fire at civilian targets in Israel .
Such rockets are morally wrong and strategically inept .
Yet the blockade that Israel has clamped on 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza is a collective punishment that harms men , women and children who have no power to control those firing the rockets .
Rather than turn Gazans against Hamas , the blockade ’s effect has been a humanitarian catastrophe that alienates Gazans young and old from both Israel and the West .
Even I , a practicing psychiatrist for decades and a longtime advocate of coexistence between Palestinians and Israelis , am having trouble coping with the hardships to which we are subjected .
Travel is crucial to me , not just for medical reasons but for reasons of basic sanity .
I long to see dear friends , to see the world again , to breathe fresh air and , most of all , to reassure my senses that there are normal things and normal people outside Gaza ’s debilitating confines .
The last time I left Gaza , before this most recent medical trip , was several months ago , and the time I spent with friends in Ramallah and Jerusalem was rejuvenating .
This time , however , I was only granted permission to leave for a day .
At the Erez checkpoint , where I left Gaza along with four other medical patients , Israeli soldiers spoke through loudspeakers and looked down at us through cameras .
“ Open your bag , ” one shouted .
When the woman in front of me asked a question , the soldier ordered her to take everything out of her suitcase .
She was humiliated as she had to hold even her underwear up to the camera .
I was made to walk through the X - ray machine three times , even though I told the soldiers it was dangerous because of my medical condition .
The soldiers seemed intent not only to determine that we were not bombers but to shame us .
What good can come of exercising such domineering power over medical patients ?
When one of the soldiers approached us , he was grinning and carrying a huge machine gun across his massive body .
I thought that he must feel the power of his muscles and his gun as well as my weakness , with my frail body and my obedience to his orders .
But the psychiatrist in me could not escape the question , “ Who is frightened ? ” -- because I was not .
I was angry , but not afraid .
On my way back to Gaza , I decided to buy some little plants with flowers to bring home .
A soldier shouted at me : “ Flowers are not allowed . ”
The best hope at the moment for the region is that Barack Obama and American politicians will veer away from knee - jerk support for Israel ’s actions against Palestinians in favor of evenhanded policies that recognize that Palestinians have a right to freedom , to travel , to healthcare and even to simple daily pleasures like freely carrying flowers home .
Eyad El - Sarraj is the founder and president of the Gaza Community Mental Health Program and a commissioner of the Palestinian Independent Commission for Human Rights .
You mean someone still cares about silly things like the rule of law , and actual consequences ?
Washington , D.C. , January 15 , 2009 - The federal magistrate judge overseeing the White House e-mail litigation today said the issue had reached " true emergency conditions " with only " two business days before the new President takes office " and that " the importance of preserving the e-mails cannot be exaggerated , " according to the court 's Memorandum Opinion issued this morning along with an Order and posted on the National Security Archive website , www.nsarchive.org .
Magistrate Judge John Facciola formally ordered the White House to search all Executive Office of the President components ' workstations and portable media for possibly missing e-mail -- enforcing yesterday 's order from U.S. District Judge Henry Kennedy -- after government lawyers at a hearing yesterday represented that they would only search those EOP components that create federal agency records and leave out offices that create presidential records .
Today 's order also granted plaintiffs ' requests that a full inventory of all backup tapes and portable media containing White House e-mail be delivered to the Archivist of the United States and filed with the court , and that the full administrative record and all other evidence related to the White House e-mail be preserved under the custody of the Archivist .
" From the outset , the White House has fought tooth and nail against having to preserve sources of missing e-mail as well as other evidence relating to this case , " said Sheila Shadmand of Jones Day , counsel for the Archive .
" For the umpteenth time , this Court has commanded that they do so .
We expect they will yet again object to the terms of these Orders , when instead they should be busy complying with it .
The clock is running out . "
By Paul Rincon
Science Reporter , BBC News
Sabre - tooths roamed an ancient landscape now subsumed by the North Sea
The partial leg bone of a sabre - toothed cat has been dredged from the seabed by a trawler in the North Sea .
The rare fossil , which is between one and two million years old and was found near the UK coast , is from a type of sabre - tooth called a scimitar cat .
According to palaeontologist Dick Mol , it belonged to an animal that was as heavy as a small horse .
It is the furthest north this species has ever been found , and the first time remains have come from the North Sea .
The dry steppe landscape , criss - crossed by rivers , where animals such as the scimitar cat once roamed was flooded at the end of the last Ice Age .
It was like the Serengeti , but in our back garden
Dick Mol , Natural History Museum in Rotterdam
The fossil remains of more common extinct beasts such as the mammoth are routinely recovered from the sea by trawlers .
Beam trawlers use special gear to touch the sea bed , capturing flatfish lying in the sand .
But this also stirs up shallow , buried fossil remains which can end up in the nets .
In the Netherlands , trawlermen are paid up to 100 euros for such discoveries .
Mr Mol , who is based at the Natural History Museum in Rotterdam , said the partial humerus belonged to a " huge " ( probably male ) cat that weighed about 400 kg ( 881lbs ) .
Two views of the fossil , netted by a trawler in the North Sea
The fossil , which was encrusted with tiny , coral - like sea creatures called bryozoans , was brought ashore by the owner of the Dutch trawler TX 1 .
He then handed it to a collector , who passed it on to Mr Mol for identification .
It had been netted in the southern bend of the North Sea , an area known to yield fossils from every period of the Pleistocene .
This epoch lasted either from 2.6 or 1.8 million years ago ( depending on which expert you ask ) until 10,000 years ago .
Warm spell Dick Mol said the weight of the bone was an immediate indication that much of its organic matter had been converted to minerals .
The remains of Ice Age animals are routinely netted by Dutch trawlers
The heavy mineralisation suggested it dated to the early part of the Pleistocene .
Other Early Pleistocene animals recovered from this part of the North Sea include elephant - like mastodon , southern mammoth , hippopotamus , horses , bears and giant deer .
Mr Mol and his colleague Wilrie van Logchem compared the big cat with specimens from the site of Untermassfeld in Germany , where a very similar complement of Early Pleistocene animals has been found .
They identified the find as a fragment of front leg from the scimitar cat Homotherium crenatidens .
The Rotterdam - based researcher said the sabre - tooth could have inhabited this part of North - West Europe during a warm spell between glaciations .
Top predator " The fauna we are dealing with - the southern mammoth , the hippo , the giant deer and this sabre - toothed cat - were adapted to a savannah - like environment , " Mr Mol told BBC News .
" [ The cat ] was probably living in the forest that bordered on the river banks . "
He added : " It was like the Serengeti , but in our back garden . "
The researchers compared the fossil with others from the Early Pleistocene Analysis of the North Sea fossil suggested it was probably bigger than other H. crenatidens specimens known from Untermassfeld and from the Massif Central in southern France .
Mr Mol explained : " If we look at the bone , we can see that it was a huge animal - probably a male individual . "
" We have to understand that sabre - toothed cats are specialised hunters at the top of the food chain .
So they are already very rare . "
The remains of only one other sabre - toothed cat - a much younger species called Homotherium latidens - have previously been recovered from the North Sea .
Scientists think the huge canines that characterise these cats were remarkably fragile .
So the animals probably sank their " sabre - teeth " into the fleshy necks of their prey , avoiding bones that might crack these delicate mouth ornaments .
The big cats would then wait for the unlucky animal to die from blood loss .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ’m watching THE VIEW , and Joy Behar was talking about how last night McCain “ finally came back to who he was . ”
I.e. , he ’s been kind of an ass for the past several months , and finally started to find his honor again .
The token Republican countered with the following :
“ I think it ’s hard because campaigns … really bring out the ugly in everyone on both sides .
It ’s when you see them in their pure moments , Barack ’s speech last night , and John McCain ’s speech lsat night , that you see these moments of hope that they really have given us . ”
Horse shit .
After eight years of having Republicans call me an un-American troop - hating fag - loving socialist , after months of John McCain embracing the hate to a level where his own supporters were calling out for Barack Obama to be assassinated , no one is going to be permitted to tell me with a straight face that “ oh you know , both sides do it . ”
Your side was abominable .
Your side was hateful .
Your side race - baited .
Your side gay - baited .
Your side lied like we ’ve never seen in recent presidential campaign history .
Your side used a tax - cheat who would do better under Obama ’s tax proposal to be your everyman on the issue of taxes .
Your side , in a veiled effort at race - baiting , said Obama does n’t put his country first .
Your side had the audacity to call Obama a socialist .
Your side suggested he was a Muslim .
Your side suggested he was a terrorist .
Your side suggested he was Osama bin Laden .
Spare me the crap about how both sides do it .
You people are a disgrace , you ’ve been a disgrace for eight long years , and all your hate and lying and venom and vitriol finally bit you in your collective fat ass .
Democrats do n’t do nasty , and they certainly do n’t do it well .
Lord knows I wish they did , but they do n’t .
Republicans elevate it to a religion .
You are the party of Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter and Sean Hannity .
Angry , bitchy , bitter and elitist .
What do we have to compare ?
Jesse Jackson , I often hear from my Republican friends .
Um , maybe in 1980 when he was relevant .
It ’s been 28 years , got any other examples ?
Michael Moore , you say ?
What has Michael Moore said – name one thing – that ’s comparable to the filth that regularly issues forth from Limbaugh , Hannity and Coulter and , of late , McCain and Palin ?
Democrats , when they skewer ( which is n’t often enough ) , do it with biting truth .
Republicans skewer , early and often , with vicious lies .
It goes back to a more general philosophy that liberals have :
If we just tell them the truth , the people will agree with us .
Republicans are far less sanguine .
They know that a good lie beats the truth any day of the week .
Except on a Tuesday in November .
The Shotgun Blog
« Obama , Naomi Klain and disaster socialism | Main | Denying the inflationist dogma : Bernanke and the futility of monetary policy »
Tuesday , December 02 , 2008
( Video ) Andrew Sullivan tells Naomi Klein " the financial crisis does not validate Noam Chomsky , it validates Ron Paul "
The Atlantic Monthly 's star blogger Andrew Sullivan , who 's just penned a fantastic articles about blogging , appeared on the panel with Canadian anti-corporate journalist Naomi Klein in the September 19th episode of Bill Maher 's HBO political show Real Time .
Here 's a little chat they had about the financial crisis and Klein's " disaster capitalism " thesis .
Sullivan , a conservative in the tradition of Michael Oakeshott , meaning he runs from ideology a little too much for my taste ( he championed the disastrous 2003 invasion of Iraq and favours a carbon tax ) , sounds a little like Andrew Bacevich when he talks about Americans ' reckless borrowing and makes a fine defense of free enterprise capitalism from conflation with the present US economic system of government meddling and cronyist state capitalism which created the financial crisis .
He tells Klein " [ the financial crisis ] does not validate Noam Chomsky , it validates Ron Paul .
If we actually had capitalism , if we actually had conservative government , if we actually had fiscal conservatism none of this would have happened . "
In October , I also wrote about the vindication of Ron Paul .
Posted by Kalim Kassam on December 2 , 2008 in Economic freedom | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d834515b5d69e201053630fe5a970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference ( Video ) Andrew Sullivan tells Naomi Klein " the financial crisis does not validate Noam Chomsky , it validates Ron Paul " :
Comments
It is actually quite sad that people like Klein and Chomsky get cronyism mixed up with authentic capitalism .
Posted by : Charles Anthony | 2008-12-02 8:50:37 AM
This is the first coherent thing to come out of Sullivan 's mouth in 8 months .
Posted by : jm | 2008-12-02 6:20:09 PM
Naomi Klein smoked that guy .
" Where is your example of a working capitalist model , there is none . " - Naomi Klein
That sentence says it all .
62percentmajority.ca
Posted by : Pat | 2008-12-07 12:13:36 AM
If Sullivan is conservative then Richard Simmons is the Pope .
Again , a Western Standard columnists brazenly misrepresents an outright gay radical and AGW hypemeister as a conservative - in order to criticize conservatives for not being conservative enough .
This is now an established pattern , which seriously undermines the credibility of this website .
Both Omar and Kalim are easily intelligent enough and well read enough to understand that Ben Stein and Andrew Sullivan are not conservatives , but rather are presented as conservatives by a lib - left corporate media , meaning that this pattern is rooted in duplicity rather than misunderstanding .
Posted by : Statist Investigator | 2008-12-07 2:41:24 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Hey all ,
It 's been a very busy few days , but I 'm glad to say that the work on the Rails / Merb merge is going quite smoothly .
Some things that have already happened :
DHH has posted an outline of our plans to bring display / provides into Rails : http://tinyurl.com/providesinrails.
The new API resolves some lingering issues I personally had with the provides / display version , and is still undergoing a bit of change .
Michael Klishin ( antares ) has begun work to merge Extlib into ActiveSupport .
There are already some obvious incompatibilities , so we will be doing both cleanup on the differences and selecting the fastest implementations .
He has also begun porting LazyArray , the underpinnings of the DataMapper " kicker " technique , to ActiveSupport .
I should note that Michael was instrumental in merging Merb and DataMapper 's extensions into Extlib in the first place , so this should work out quite well .
As DHH mentioned in his post , some work is also being done to work out a better API for the Merb router .
While our API works fine , we 're working together on an even better API for Rails3 .
One of the great things about working with the Rails team is being able to work with very talented API designers on some hard problems .
To be clear , we will still support both Rails2's API and Merb1's API , because the Merb router , which is serving as the base for this work , decouples the code generation part from the DSL ( so any DSL can be used to generate the structures that the router than converts into its compiled matching method ) .
We have started discussing some other issues that could potentially break back - compat in Rails ( like Merb 's BlockAwareEnhancer for helpers that take blocks ) , and I 'm happy to report that the conversations have been very productive .
Being able to revisit issues that both groups addressed suboptimally in the past with a larger group is proving to be quite enlightening .
I have personally begun work to unify the code in Rails that does content negotiation to always go through a single path .
You can follow along at http://github.com/wycats/rails/commits/content_negotiation.
I will be rebasing this remote branch against current rails master frequently ( to keep it in sync with rails head ) so you may need to reclone from time to time .
On the Merb front , we will be releasing 1.0.7 this weekend .
Expect the first transitional release ( Merb 1.1 ) in the next month or two .
It will probably involve porting over basic configuration to Rails ' style ( Merb 's Kernel # * style is pretty icky ) and probably starting to create a shim for some of the more obvious differences ( before / before_filter comes to mind ) .
It 'll be the first of several releases specifically designed to help you make the transition in an incremental way .
Happy holidays folks !
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Taliban leaders are holding Saudi - brokered talks with the Afghan government to end the country 's bloody conflict -- and are severing their ties with al Qaeda , sources close to the historic discussions have told CNN .
King Abdullah of Saudia Arabia hosted meetings between the Afghan government and the Taliban , a source says .
The militia , which has been intensifying its attacks on the U.S. - led coalition that toppled it from power in 2001 for harboring Osama bin Laden 's terrorist network , has been involved in four days of talks hosted by Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , says the source .
The talks -- the first of their kind aimed at resolving the lengthy conflict in Afghanistan -- mark a significant move by the Saudi leadership to take a direct role in Afghanistan , hosting delegates who have until recently been their enemies .
They also mark a sidestepping of key " war on terror " ally Pakistan , frequently accused of not doing enough to tackle militants sheltering on its territory , which has previously been a conduit for talks between the Saudis and Afghanistan .
According to the source , fugitive Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar -- high on the U.S. military 's most - wanted list -- was not present , but his representatives were keen to stress the reclusive cleric is no longer allied to al Qaeda .
Details of the Taliban leader 's split with al Qaeda have never been made public before , but the new claims confirm what another source with an intimate knowledge of the militia and Mullah Omar has told CNN in the past .
The current round of talks , said to have been taken two years of intense behind - the - scenes negotiations to come to fruition , is anticipated to be the first step in a long process to secure a negotiated end to the conflict .
But U.S. - and Europe - friendly Saudi Arabia 's involvement has been propelled by a mounting death toll among coalition troops amid a worsening violence that has also claimed many civilian casualties .
A Saudi source familiar with the talks confirmed that they happened and said the Saudis take seriously their role in facilitating discussions between parties to the conflict .
A second round of talks is scheduled to take place in two months , the Saudi source said .
The Afghan government believes the Taliban cannot be defeated militarily , and the Taliban believe that they can't win a war against the U.S. - led coalition in Afghanistan , the Saudi source said .
The involvement of the Saudis is also seen as an expression of fear that Iran could take advantage of U.S. failings in Afghanistan , as it is seen to be doing in Iraq .
Several Afghan sources familiar with Iranian activities in Afghanistan have said Iranian officials and diplomats who are investing in business and building education facilities are lobbying politicians in Kabul .
Learn more about King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia »
The Afghan sources wish to remain anonymous due to their political roles .
Coalition commanders regularly accuse Iran of arming the Taliban , and Western diplomats privately suggest that Iran is working against U.S. interests in Afghanistan , making it harder to bring peace .
Saudi sources say perceived Iranian expansionism is one of Saudi Arabia 's biggest concerns .
Watch CNN 's Nic Robertson report on the meeting »
The talks in Mecca took place between September 24 and 27 and involved 11 Taliban delegates , two Afghan government officials , a representative of former mujahadeen commander and U.S. foe Gulbadin Hekmatyar , and three others .
King Abdullah broke fast during the Eid al - Fitr holiday with the 17 - member Afghan delegation -- an act intended to show his commitment to ending the conflict .
Eid al - Fitr marks the end of Ramadan , the Muslim holy month of fasting .
Learn more about Ramadan »
Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries that recognized the Taliban leadership during its rule over Afghanistan in the 1990s , but that relationship was severed over Mullah Omar 's refusal to hand over bin Laden .
During the talks , described as an ice breaker , all parties agreed that the only solution to Afghanistan 's conflict is through dialogue , not fighting .
Further talks are expected in Saudi Arabia involving this core group and others .
All About The Taliban • Saudi Arabia • Afghanistan
The same genes may govern intelligence and sperm quality Men of higher intelligence tend to produce better quality sperm , UK research suggests .
A team from the Institute of Psychiatry analysed data from former US soldiers who served during the Vietnam war era .
They found that those who performed better on intelligence tests tended to have more - and more mobile - sperm .
The study , which appears in the journal Intelligence , appears to support the idea that genes underlying intelligence may have other biological effects too .
This does not mean that men who prefer Play - Doh to Plato always have poor sperm
Dr Rosalind Arden
Institute of Psychiatry
Therefore , if tiny mutations impair intelligence , they might also harm other characteristics , such as sperm quality .
Conversely , people with robust genes might be blessed with a biological " fitness factor " making them fit , healthy and smart .
Previously , scientists tended to assume that lifestyle factors were more likely to underlie any relationship between intelligence and health .
For instance , brighter people may be less likely to smoke , and more likely to take exercise , both of which are known to impact on mental performance .
Different characteristics
The latest study tested the gene theory by taking two characteristics that seemed unlikely to be associated with each other - intelligence and sperm quality .
They found a small , but statistically significant link , and were able to show that this could not be explained by unhealthy habits , such as smoking or drinking alcohol .
The study was based on 425 men who undertook several intelligence tests and provided semen samples .
The researchers found that independently of age and lifestyle , intelligence was correlated with all three measures of sperm quality - numbers , concentration , and ability to move .
Lead researcher Dr Rosalind Arden said : " This does not mean that men who prefer Play - Doh to Plato always have poor sperm : the relationship we found was marginal .
" But our results do support the theoretically important ' fitness factor ' idea .
" We look forward to seeing if the results can be replicated in other data sets , with other measures of intelligence and other measures of physical health that are also strongly related to evolutionary fitness . "
Dr Allan Pacey is an expert in fertility at the University of Sheffield .
He said : " The fact that it 's possible to detect a statistical relationship between intelligence and semen quality in adult men probably says more about the co-development of brain and testicles when the man was in his mother 's womb , and therefore how well they both function in adult life , rather than suggesting that playing Sudoku can somehow stimulate more sperm to be produced .
" The improvement in semen quality with intelligence observed in this paper is small and therefore it is unlikely to have a big impact on the ability of men of different intelligences to conceive . "
The semen samples were collected in 1985 by the US Centers for Disease Control as part of a large - scale study into the health of US soldiers who served during the Vietnam Era .
Some of the men in the sample had served in Vietnam , some had served in Germany , Korea and the USA .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The dollar has been thrown to the wolves by the Federal Reserve ’s decision Tuesday to slash its benchmark short - term interest rate to as low as zero .
Do Fed policymakers care about the greenback 's fate ?
For now , they obviously do n’t .
The dollar was ravaged in currency trading today , particularly against its major rival , the euro .
The European common currency soared to a 12 - week high of $ 1.442 , up from $ 1.398 on Tuesday and $ 1.271 two weeks ago .
The dollar also plunged to a new 13 - year low of 87.24 yen , from 89.35 on Tuesday and 93.30 two weeks ago .
Currency values often are a function of countries ’ interest rates , and with the U.S. now at zero on short - term rates , global investors can find better returns on their cash almost anywhere else .
That ’s a potential drain on the dollar as money shifts elsewhere .
The European Central Bank ’s benchmark rate is at 2.5 % .
Canada 's is at 1.5 % .
Even Japan's , at 0.3 % , is higher than the Fed ’s target range of zero to 0.25 % for its key rate .
" Japan no longer has the lowest - yielding currency in the industrialized world .
It ’s the U.S. , " said Kathy Lien , head of currency research at GFT Forex in New York .
OK .
But a currency ’s value also is supposed to be a function of a country ’s economic outlook .
And it is n’t as if the European economy is looking swell for 2009 .
Other than U.S. interest rates , " Nothing fundamentally has changed " in the global economy , said Win Thin , senior currency strategist at Brown Bros .
Harriman & Co. in New York .
" There are bad numbers everywhere . "
In fact , some economists believe Europe is at risk of a needlessly ugly recession in part because the European Central Bank has been relatively slow to cut interest rates .
" I think European policy is on the wrong page , " Thin said .
But for the moment , the Fed ’s move offers traders a great excuse to take profits in the dollar after its sharp rally of the last five months .
The euro had plunged as low as $ 1.24 in mid-November , from nearly $ 1.60 in July , as global investors rushed into the dollar as a safety play .
Is a debased dollar a bad thing ?
It threatens higher inflation , eventually , because we have to pay more for foreign goods ( and to travel overseas ) .
So it makes us poorer as a nation , to be sure .
And that gives investors more of a reason to distrust paper currencies in general -- which is why gold has surged this week .
Near - term gold futures rose $ 25.80 to $ 867.50 an ounce today in New York , the highest since early October .
But with the Fed battling severe deflationary head winds as the economy sinks , a weak dollar is the least of its problems for now .
If the Treasury were having trouble selling its debt because foreigners were balking at dollar - denominated securities , a falling buck might be an issue .
But as everyone knows ,
Treasury bond yields are at or near generational lows .
What ’s more , you wo n’t be hearing any complaints from U.S. manufacturers about a sliding dollar , because their products are getting cheaper abroad .
" A weak dollar will be one of the key factors that will pull the U.S. out of its slump , " Lien said .
" Any central banker fighting a recession will want a weak currency . "
Still , the risk with any currency debasement is that it wo n't stop just because central bankers have decided that enough is enough .
-- Tom Petruno
Photo credit : Louise Gubb / For The Los Angeles Times
If you ’ve been selling physical products online for any length of time , chances are you ’ve hit a few snafus along the way that where good customer service skills have come in handy .
Even if you run a robust operation , processing large volumes of orders inevitably results in mistakes and situations that are beyond your control .
For example , most online stores rely on 3rd party shippers to deliver their products to the end customer .
Well what happens when there ’s a breakdown with your shipper ?
When something does n’t get delivered , is it the shipper ’s fault or yours ?
When a customer makes a complaint , do you trust that they are telling the truth ?
With the holiday selling season right around the corner , these problems only get amplified .
For example …
You have to deal with customers wanting to make returns .
with customers wanting to make returns .
You have to interact with frustrated people trying to make last minute purchases for their friends and loved ones .
with frustrated people trying to make last minute purchases for their friends and loved ones .
You have to deal with fraudulent orders .
In this post , I ’m going to present some of the major customer service dilemmas that we ’ve faced over the years and how we resolved them .
Did we do the right thing ?
You be the judge !
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Customer Service Dilemma # 1 : Order Not Complete
Several months ago , a customer purchased several dozen linen napkins from our store and she needed them shipped immediately via UPS Next Day Air .
It was n’t a huge order , but it was large enough that we marked her as a possible long term B2B customer in our database .
As a result , we paid extra attention .
Anyway , the linens were delivered on time and everything seemed to be ok .
But the following day , she called to complain that we shortchanged her on her order .
She ordered 4 dozen napkins , but claimed to have only received 3 dozen .
Now it ’s entirely possible that we screwed up but here ’s the thing .
One , we processed her order with extra care since she was a potential repeat customer .
Two , each set of napkins weighs 1.2 lbs .
And her package weighed over 5 lbs !
It is highly unlikely that we did n’t pack her order correctly and we were fairly confident that she was lying to get free product .
How would you deal with this issue ?
Would you denounce her as a no good lying cheater ?
Or would you ship her another dozen napkins ?
( Scroll to the end to view our response )
Customer Service Dilemma # 2 : Package Lost In The Mail
This particular customer ordered some handkerchiefs from us 3 weeks before her wedding date .
Under normal circumstances , her order should have been delivered within 2 - 5 business days through the United States Postal Service .
But for some reason , her package was delayed in transit .
Note : Erratic delivery times are pretty common with USPS .
Packages usually arrive on time but they do n’t guarantee an actual delivery date unless you pay for express shipping .
This is n’t ideal but we use USPS for small orders because it is the least expensive way to ship .
In any case , this customer called us inquiring why it was taking so long for her order to be delivered .
And after checking the tracking number , her order appeared to be in transit but 2 weeks had already passed .
Based on the delivery confirmation , she had not received her order yet and it was starting to look like her order was either lost in the mail or severely delayed .
Seeing as her wedding date was rapidly approaching , we had a hard decision to make .
Do we ask her to wait and jeopardize her not getting her order in time ?
Do we send her another package and have her mail the duplicate shipment back to us ?
What would you do ?
( Scroll to the end to view our response )
Customer Service Dilemma # 3 : Package Marked As Delivered But Not Received
This particular customer contacted us about an order she placed over a month ago .
And when we checked her tracking number , it indicated that her package was successfully delivered .
But even though tracking indicated otherwise , the customer claimed that she never received it and demanded a refund .
Because the package was marked as ‘ delivered ’ , do we trust the customer or the United States Postal Service ?
Is the customer lying ?
What would you do and would the dollar amount of the order affect your decision ?
( Scroll to the end to view our response )
Customer Service Dilemma # 4 : Accepting Personal Checks
Some of our customers do n’t feel comfortable paying by credit card .
As a result , we also accept cashier ’s checks and money orders as payment methods .
One time , a customer placed an order and opted to pay by cashier ’s check .
But she sent us a personal check instead .
And to make things more complicated , she payed extra for overnight delivery .
Normally , we do n’t accept personal checks but this was a fairly large purchase and I did n’t want to lose out on the extra money .
Plus , the lady came across as really sweet over the phone .
Now the safest way to accept a personal check is to wait a full 5 days for the check to completely clear prior to sending out the package .
But this lady was in a rush so her order needed to be shipped immediately .
Would you go through with this transaction or void the order ?
( Scroll to the end to view our response )
Customer Service Dilemma # 5 : Incorrect Personalization
One of the key value propositions for our store is that we offer custom personalization .
For example , customers have the option of adding a 3 letter monogram to their wedding handkerchiefs .
But while personalization is a huge profit center for us , it causes one major problem .
Customers often make mistakes and blame you for it
One time , we had a customer spend hundreds of dollars on monogrammed handkerchiefs only to complain that we embroidered the initials in the wrong order .
Here ’s what it ’s like to configure a monogrammed hanky .
Pretty straightforward right ?
But this customer did n’t understand that the center letter of the monogram is actually the last name initial and NOT the middle initial .
Long story short , she mixed up the letters and as a result , all of the monogrammed handkerchiefs in her order were stitched out incorrectly .
Then , she got angry and demanded that everything be redone despite the fact that it was her mistake .
What would you do here ?
( Scroll to the end to view our response )
Our Response To Dilemma # 1 : Order Not Complete
We were pretty sure that this customer was lying .
After all , there ’s no way the package could possibly weigh over 5lbs unless we shipped out the correct amount of product .
However , we did n’t have any proof and we did n’t want to upset this customer in case she had ties to the event planner community .
So here ’s what we did .
We ended up shipping her an extra dozen napkins free of charge but we marked her name in our database as “ questionable ” .
If she were to ever order from us again , we would take photos of her package prior to shipment as proof in case she opened up another dispute .
Note :
It ’s been several months now and this person has ordered from us a few more times since then .
And even though she ’s been a difficult customer for other reasons not mentioned in this post , we have n’t had any more cases of “ lost product ” .
Our Response To Dilemma # 2 : Package Lost In The Mail
We opted to send this customer another package .
Because she ordered well in advance , we did n’t want to risk her not receiving her order in time for her wedding .
While it was n’t our fault her shipment was delayed , we felt that it was our responsibility to rectify the situation .
Ultimately , we sent her another package with an extra shipping label so she could send the duplicate order back to us if she ever received it .
But in the end , we never received anything back and took the loss .
Our Response To Dilemma # 3 : Package Marked As Delivered But Not Received
To resolve this dilemma , we went with our gut .
This particular order was for a small dollar amount ( less than $ 50 ) .
And we rationalized that if she was trying to scam us , she probably would have ordered something more expensive .
Furthermore , she was extremely polite in her emails .
And the tone of her writing gave us the impression that she was telling the truth .
The upshot is that we sent her another package and took a loss on this transaction .
Note :
We did n’t have to do this .
Even if she decided to dispute the charge , we had the delivery confirmation number as proof that she had received her order .
But the bottom line was that my wife and I felt that the small loss was worth it to keep the customer happy .
Now what if this order was for a much higher dollar amount ?
Would this have made the decision more difficult ?
Absolutely !
But these situations can be prevented by …
Using a more reliable shipping carrier like UPS or FedEx for orders over $ 250
Paying for signature confirmation .
For larger orders , the extra cost is worth the expense .
Our Response To Dilemma # 4 : Accepting Personal Checks
Ultimately , we ended up canceling this order because of the risks .
In the back of my mind , this lady seemed trustworthy , but we did n’t want to risk the penalty of accepting a bad check .
For the sake of anyone who has never received a bad check before , the fees involved are pretty egregious .
And you often have to pay the bounced check fee for attempting to make the deposit even though you are not at fault .
In any case , this transaction ended up being a tough call due to greed : )
But in the end , we decided to stick with our policies .
If it was n’t a rush order , we probably would ’ve taken the check but under the circumstances , it was n’t worth it .
Our Response To Dilemma # 5 : Incorrect Personalization
My wife and I did n’t see eye to eye on this one .
Here ’s the bottom line as I saw it .
The customer clearly screwed up and entered in her initials incorrectly because she was n’t paying attention .
In addition , we ’ve shipped thousands of these monogrammed handkerchiefs in the last 10 years and have had very few complaints .
We are not mind readers and we have to go by what a customer enters in our system .
Furthermore , this order was pretty large and would result in a decent sized loss if it needed to be redone .
I wanted to charge the customer a small fee to redo all of the hankies at cost .
But ultimately , my wife decided to redo the entire order free of charge .
Was her decision right or wrong ?
In the long run , she probably dealt with this one correctly , but I was annoyed that the customer was complaining so vehemently when she was clearly in the wrong .
Anyway , I ’m curious to hear your thoughts .
Customer Service Skills 101 – Should You Trust Your Customers ?
It ’s a fine line in determining whether or not your customer is worthy of your trust .
The situations described above are tough calls to make especially since your store has a reputation to uphold and money to make .
My general philosophy is that if the customer is placing their trust in your store to deliver the goods that you have advertised , that you should return their trust as well .
But sometimes it can be a hard call .
Would you have acted differently ?
If so , how would you have handled the situation for your own business ?
photo credit : The Missing Link … HMM USPS ‘ Mail must get through ’
Truck 3140
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
NEW YORK , Dec. 5 ( UPI ) -- Geneticists say DNA evidence suggests 20 percent of the population of the Iberian Peninsula has Sephardic Jewish ancestry .
Another 11 percent have Moorish ancestors , the New York Times said Friday .
The findings suggest there were mass conversions to Catholicism in the 15th and 16th centuries after Christian armies defeated Muslim control of Spain , the newspaper said .
Advertisement
The study , led by Mark A. Jobling of the University of Leicester in Britain and Francesc Calafell of the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona , was published online in the American Journal of Human Genetics .
" Despite alternative possible sources for lineages [ to which ] we ascribe a Sephardic Jewish origin , these proportions attest to a high level of religious conversion , whether voluntary or enforced , driven by historical episodes of social and religious intolerance that ultimately led to the integration of descendants , " Jobling said in a release .
The findings were based on genetic analysis of 1140 males from the Iberian Peninsula and the Balearic Islands .
The rumor mill , being stoked by IBM employees talking on a pro-union web site , has it that Big Blue is getting ready to lay off up to 16,000 employees , or about four per cent of its 400,000 - strong global workforce , thanks to the slowing of the economies in the United States and Western Europe .
As usual , the Alliance@IBM , which is where the one and only IBM employees ' union in the United States communicates with members , who are part of the Communications Workers of America union , is where people are talking about the rumors they are hearing about layoffs .
( You can read through the postings here . )
The IBMese for a layoff these days is a " resource action , " and it has been IBM 's practice in the past several years to do layoffs by the handful in various divisions and product lines and geographies to keep the aggregate numbers low enough to not trigger a reporting requirement to the Securities and Exchange Commission .
There 's nothing illegal about this , presumably .
There is a fair amount of churn among the employee base within a $ 100 bn - plus corporation , and IBM has learned to use attrition and laser - focused layoffs in a way that it never did back in the 1990s , when it had massive layoffs .
That churn means people are always jumpy , and there are constant whispers about job losses .
This one feels different , and that is because of the precision of some of the rumors , the magnitude of the financial crisis that IBM is trying to sell gear into , and the company 's desire to not repeat its bad experience in May 2005 , when it had to whack 13,000 employees when its services business went on the rocks .
At the time , IBM had 329,000 employees worldwide as 2004 came to a close , and European divisions bore the brunt of the layoffs .
The current whispers suggest that IBM will make the job cuts on January 23 , or possibly on January 22 , but this is odd timing since IBM will be reporting its fourth quarter financial results on January 20 after the market closes .
IBM would very likely announce job cuts that day and may then begin instituting them in the following days ; if the rumors start hammering IBM 's stock , the company may even pre-announce the Q4 numbers and the layoffs , if there are indeed any layoffs at all .
It appears that employees in the United States will bear the brunt of the job cuts , which is consistent with IBM 's move of manufacturing , programming , and logistics operations to India and China .
An IBM spokesperson would not confirm that cuts are coming , giving the standard " we do n't comment on rumors or speculation " line .
Two comments on December 23 at the Alliance@IBM site seemed to have the best detail :
The layoff date is January 23rd .
Approx .
16,000 employees worldwide will be affected .
The majority from the US .
I heard this from a 2nd line mgr .
Confidentiality agreements were signed in the upper ranks to keep this hush , hush , but nothing this big stays out of the light for long .
Good luck everyone .
- the fix is in -
And :
My manager is involved in the layoff planning in our division ( part of the technology group ) .
He told me the numbers in our division were going to be very large , a lot larger than what the other managers were expecting .
He moved half of us onto projects with government funding commitments and thinks he can protect the people he has left , but he 's not sure .
Nobody wants to fear - monger , but the layoffs are coming .
I used to be in management ( I got better ) , and I can see the familiar patterns here ( sudden movements of people they are cherry - picking to protect , the way denials are given , the acceleration of the review process so they have the lambs lined up , etc. ) .
- Tom IBM Emp -
Apparently , managers are being told to tell employees they have " no specific information " on layoffs - presumably , if the mutterings turn out to be true , to allow IBM to make a formal announcement inside and outside the company at the same time .
But IBMers started getting laid off in December in small numbers already , and the cat is out of the bag .
Even if there is not a massive cull , with the surgical employee firing practices Big Blue uses , the number of job losses could be nonetheless large across the entire company . ®
It 's time someone prominent took a train in America , for , if anything deserves some love and attention here , it is the railroads .
Granted , few US trains travel very fast and if you need to get anywhere that is n't a major East Coast city , it would be quicker in a covered wagon .
But , with US airports resembling the Fifth Circle of Hell and the roads full of SUV owners rediscovering the joys of $ 2 - a - gallon petrol , rail is far and away the most civilised way of getting around America .
And the greenest .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - More Israeli forces left the Gaza Strip on Monday after a 22 - day assault on Hamas militants , and both sides kept a ceasefire , allowing dazed Palestinians to survey the destruction and mourn their dead .
In Jabalya refugee camp , the scene of heavy fighting , not a house was unscathed .
Huge piles of uncollected garbage rotted on street corners .
Children scavenged for empty plastic bottles .
Israel withdrew its forces from built - up parts of coastal Gaza , Israel Radio said .
Political sources said Israel would complete its troop pullout by Tuesday , before Barack Obama is sworn in as U.S. president .
Israel was seen by some as interested in having its troops back home by the time Obama takes office to avoid any friction with its closest ally ’s new leader .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , on a Middle East tour , planned to visit the coastal enclave and Israel the same day , officials said .
He would be the first world figure to go to Gaza since Israel halted its devastating offensive on Sunday .
A spokesman for Hamas ’s armed wing , his face masked by a checkered Arab scarf , vowed it would replenish its arsenal of rockets and other weapons , in defiance of any Israeli or international efforts to cut off smuggling routes .
“ Do whatever you want , bringing in and manufacturing the holy weapons is our mission , and we know how to acquire weapons , ” the spokesman , Abu Ubaida , told a news conference .
Israel and Hamas separately declared ceasefires on Sunday , the Islamist group demanding an Israeli pullout within a week .
Troops and tanks poured into Gaza on January 3 to try to quell Hamas rocket attacks after a week - long Israeli air campaign .
Bulldozers cleared rubble from streets and the Palestinian statistics bureau put the total repair bill at $ 1.9 billion .
A Hamas official said 5,000 homes , 16 government buildings and 20 mosques were destroyed and 20,000 houses damaged .
Israel has said militants used mosques as weapons depots .
Saudi Arabia ’s King Abdullah pledged $ 1 billion for rebuilding .
Israel reopened three border crossings to allow more basic goods to reach the territory of 1.5 million Palestinians .
Palestinians emerged from hiding , shocked at the killing of more than 1,300 fellow residents of Gaza and at the widespread destruction of homes and government infrastructure .
“ We want a solution that would guarantee Israeli tanks do not return to kill us , ” said Yehya Aziz , a 22 - year - old Gazan .
Gaza medical officials said the Palestinian death toll included at least 700 civilians .
Israel , which accused Hamas of endangering non-combatants by operating in densely populated areas , said hundreds of gunmen were among the dead .
According to figures released by Hamas and other militant groups , 112 of their fighters and 180 Hamas policemen were killed .
Israel put its dead at 10 soldiers and three civilians .
The only violence on Monday was in the occupied West Bank where a Palestinian shot and seriously wounded a Jewish settler , police said .
Hamas had threatened renewed attacks to avenge the Gaza offensive , but made no immediate claim of responsibility .
Slideshow ( 26 images )
Western powers had pushed for a Gaza ceasefire .
While publicly sympathetic to Israel ’s security concerns , they had voiced alarm at mounting civilian casualties and hardship .
The crisis clouded the last days of the Bush administration .
It spelled Middle East challenges that Obama may find no less insurmountable than those faced by his predecessors .
“ VICTORY ”
Ismail Haniyeh , head of the Gaza - based Hamas administration , claimed a “ popular victory ” against Israel .
In a speech , he called Hamas ’s ceasefire decision “ wise and responsible . ”
Slideshow ( 26 images )
Abu Ubaida , speaking on behalf of Hamas ’s Izz el - Deen al - Qassam Brigades , said “ all options would be open ” if Israel did not meet the group ’s pullout deadline .
Israel launched its air , ground and sea assault on December 27 vowing to “ change the reality ” for southern border towns that had taken rocket fire from Hamas and other groups since 2001 .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has declared the mission accomplished , noting diplomatic efforts by the United States , Egypt and European nations to prevent Hamas rearming .
That would mean as yet unspecified measures to stop Hamas smuggling weapons across the Egypt - Gaza frontier , a sensitive matter given Cairo ’s past efforts to play down its scope .
Israeli Internal Security Minister Avi Dichter threatened a military response to any renewed flow of arms into Gaza , saying Israel would view such smuggling as an attack on its territory .
Hamas official Mushir al - Masri said talks continued in Cairo on Egypt ’s proposal for a long - term ceasefire that would assure the reopening of crossings , including the Rafah terminal with Egypt that had been Gaza ’s main access to the outside world .
The European Union offered to help by announcing plans to convene foreign ministers in Brussels to discuss proposing humanitarian aid and ways to prevent weapons smuggling to Gaza .
Mark Regev , a spokesman for Olmert , said “ enormous amounts ” of aid could be allowed in if the quiet holds .
For now , Gaza ’s situation looks much as it did before the conflict -- armed standoff and a dim future for the 1.5 million people fenced inside the strip by a blockade aimed at punishing Islamist Hamas for rocket fire and ambitions to destroy Israel .
In Kuwait , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas urged feuding factions to form a unity government to pave the way for simultaneous parliamentary and presidential elections .
There is little sign Hamas or Abbas ’s Fatah group are ready to reconcile .
Hamas won a 2006 election , but Israel and the West boycotted the governments it led .
The Islamists drove forces loyal to Western - backed Abbas from the Gaza Strip 18 months later , prompting Abbas to appoint a new government in the West Bank .
Here ’s the most inspiring blog post I ’ve read in a really long time : Merlin Mann reflecting on 4 years of 43 folders .
It really is worth reading all of it , but if you ’re too busy now , the general gist is that the productivity niche has largely sold - out , and so have bloggers in many other niches .
The general malaise : bloggers writing what they think people want to read in order to get traffic and cash in on it , resulting in a whole lot of unoriginal and shallow content , and even more wasted talent .
When something good happens as the result of an action , we ’re inclined to repeat that action .
We write a list of ‘ 50 Firefox Extensions to Help You Do ________ ’ and get a burst of traffic from StumbleUpon .
We assume that kind of content is working for us and that we should bring that formula to our blogs / websites in other ways .
Think about this for a second though : if you use any kind of social media , have you ever voted for content without fully reading it because it seemed like something ‘ other people with more time would enjoy ’ , or ’ something that would do well on social media ’ , or something that you ‘appreciated the idea of ’ but did n’t make the time to fully read , watch , or listen to ?
My next question is : do you think you ’re the only one ?
You ’re bringing traffic to the blog and probably revenue , but you ’re not bringing it your full attention and understanding .
Thousands of other people are doing exactly the same thing .
If bloggers are being boxed in by all the strategies and formulas placed in front of them , blog readers are also being heavily influenced by the culture around social media and blogging .
A blog post title looks like something you ’d see on the front page of Digg , and thus we assume it belongs there .
Other people with similar interests love a particular blogger , so we read them too , even though they do n’t truthfully resonate with us .
I want to suggest that blog readers are not just reading and interacting with blogs , but constructing an identity as they do so , and behaving in ways they feel are consistent with that identity , even if the behaviors are n’t 100 % authentic .
Sometimes your blog , and that social media vote they just gave you , is only a means to an end for them .
Extrapolating that , your most popular post–traffic - spike wise–may have done the least of all your posts to grow your blog long - term .
Consider again the ‘ 50 Firefox Extensions to Help You _______ ’ post .
You might need to alter the number and the wording slightly , but the premise is the same .
I ’ve written this post at least three times in my blogging career .
Maybe you ’ve written it once or twice too ?
Yet , we have to truthfully admit that the post does what could be achieved with a few minutes of Googling , either for individual Firefox extensions or for one of many other ( already written posts ) on the same topic .
Is the reader who just voted for the latest list of Firefox extensions for writers oblivious to this ?
Certainly not–at least on some level .
But the culture around social media and blogging tells us that this kind of content has value .
We ’ve seen its type before on big-name , popular blogs , and climbing the charts on social media .
In truth , though , such a post would have only had real value in the early days of Firefox , when extensions were unfamiliar to most .
At that point they went viral because people needed and wanted them .
It was at that point the perception of value was created , and the lifespan of that perception tends to outlast the actual value of such content .
We see a post like that and to this day assume it ’s a great post with a solid chance on social media .
We forget to notice that we only read the introduction before hitting ‘ Thumbs Up ’ and browsing somewhere else .
It probably sounds like I ’m talking about list - posts specifically , but I ’m not –I ’m talking about any type of content that has been done before , and done to death .
If I wrote a post about ‘ 10 Fast Ways to Boost Your RSS Subscribers ’
I ’m certain it would be a hit on StumbleUpon , yet it would say nothing that could n’t be found with a quick Google search bringing up twenty brilliant articles on the same topic .
I ’m also certain that the people who thumbed it up , on some level , know that .
But we ’re human beings , and our judgments of value are rarely uninfluenced by their context .
One scenario I want to raise is the possibility of writing exactly what we most want to say even if it meant traffic stopped climbing ( temporarily ) , or slowed to a crawl .
I want to suggest that this might actually be the route to the highest echelons of reach and influence as a blogger .
For many bloggers , our content is shaped over time by the peaks in our analytics program of choice .
“ Oh wow , I got 20,000 visitors when I wrote that controversial post on Apple ’s launch of MobileMe… I should be more controversial ” or “ Top 10 posts always give me a spike –I should keep doing those . ”
We assume that the peaks in traffic mean the snowball is getting bigger , so we start ‘ chasing peaks ’ : a method of blogging whereby we create posts in the hope of simultaneously creating peaks in our stats , rather than to say what we ’re most burning to say .
We sell - out .
There ’s also a reason why ’ sell - out ’ and ‘ burn - out ’ sound so similar .
The opposite form , and what I want you to think about , is what I ’ll call ‘ Creative blogging ’ .
We write what we ’re most burning to say and what we truly believe will help people the most , or what will have the most positive impact on them , whether by making them laugh , learn or think .
A lot of the time there will be no way to give these posts any kind of all - powerful title , or irresistible hook to pull people in .
Some of them will be incompatible with bullet - points and take away quotes .
Most of them will not lead to any kind of spike in your statistics .
Yet , what ’s invisible in your statistics app ( unless you take a long - term view ) is the slow snowball that is building behind the scenes .
Because you ’re saying something new and unprecedented , something with substance and maybe a little dynamism , you ’re beginning to stand out from the other blogs in your niche .
People will begin to tweet about you , send a post in an email to a friend , or link to you from their blog and expand upon your thoughts .
You do n’t have a chance on Digg , and perhaps not on StumbleUpon either , but grassroots , person to person word of mouth is all - together more powerful than those .
The key thing that makes it so often overlooked is that it builds slowly but surely .
Because you ’re not following a formula people have already been conditioned to respond to , it ’s going to take time for the value of what you ’re doing to spread .
But it will do so inexorably .
And when it does , your slow rising star will overtake those of other bloggers who have been chasing peaks without building something never seen before .
If you think about the bloggers and thought - leaders currently making waves at the moment –the people everyone is currently talking about –you ’ll notice that they are unashamedly individual and unashamedly confident .
You have to be .
Believing that people will listen to and find value in what you really want to say requires that .
As Merlin Mann says in his fantastic rant , all the best posts on his 121 k subscriber blog started out as a letter to himself .
Lately I ’ve developed a tendency to try to tackle huge issues in altogether too few words , so if any of this does n’t make sense or is unclear , please call me up on it in the comments and I ’ll see if I can answer your question more clearly .
I ’m not quite sure if my comments about the way blog readers construct an identity through their interactions with content make sense to anyone but myself , for example !
***
Glen Allsop asked me to link to his post called ‘ 4,439 Words on Driving Traffic to Your Blog ‘ .
Since he is a bona fide social media expert I ’m happy to oblige !
After about a season of my mother incessantly pleading with me to watch at least one episode , I eventually gave in and , to my chagrin , hopped on the McDreamy bandwagon .
( Actually , I ’d rather be a patron of the McSteamy bandwagon , but , I digress . )
I am a Grey ’s Anatomy fan .
A true one , it seems , considering I ’ve toughed out Isaiah Washington ’s / Preston Burke ’s miserable departure , gritted my teeth through the colossal joke that was Izzie and George , and managed to keep my verbal assaults to a minimum each time Meredith Grey , well , opens her mouth .
After all I ’ve been through it ’s no surprise that now , in the midst of the fifth season , I ’m totally OK with Denny Duquette ’s ghost basically stalking his ex-fiance , Izzie Stevens ( played by Katherine Heigl ) .
I mean , really .
Maybe I ’m just in shock .
He ’s not that difficult to look at , either .
And let ’s face it – Izzie ’s current beau , Alex , is a jerk .
I ’d take a ghost over him any day .
However , there ’s more to this Denny / Izzie / Alex love triangle than it just being “ the most interesting ” Grey ’s writer Shonda Rhimes has ever done .
Michael Ausiello reports that , according to “ multiple sources , ” Izzie Stevens is having brain - related health problems .
Izzie may be suffering from something “ similar to an aneurysm , ” and that Denny ’s appearances are actually Izzie ’s hallucinations .
As far as I know , no one from Grey ’s or ABC has denied or confirmed any of this , but , it seems plausible .
Yet , I ’m left wondering what is it that ’s similar to an aneurysm and causes such vivid hallucinations ?
Brain tumors can cause hallucinations , but apparently Rhimes ruled out any tumors .
Mental illness , such as schizophrenia , can cause also hallucinations , but I think it ’s pretty safe to say Izzie does n’t have schizophrenia .
And a plethora of other run -of - the - mill ailments , such as stress and sleep deprivation , can also cause hallucinations – but I ’m really hoping Rhimes is working up a better storyline than that .
So , what is it , Rhimes ?
Any of the above ?
Or , maybe a seizure disorder ?
Some form of epilepsy ?
Perhaps Hoigné syndrome or Vertebrobasilar artery syndrome ?
Those both deal with blood - flow issues , and that ’s kind of similar to an aneurysm , right ?
What do you think ?
Have any ideas about what this mystery brain problem could be ?
Do you think this storyline is the Emmy - worthy material Katherine Heigl so desperately missed last season ?
Image Source : Wikipedia
The Obama team has made much of the fact that the stimulus bill will not contain any earmarks .
But the prohibitions are getting weirder by the minute , as Tim Carney points out at Culture 11 :
But the bill currently does n't have earmarks in it .
That means individual projects like this bridge or that museum are not specified to receive stimulus money -- those decisions will be left up the agencies and cabinet departments .
So , when you hear about specific projects , like the Mob Museum in Las Vegas , those are merely requests submitted by mayors to the Obama transition team .
House Democrats have said they will not stick earmarks into the bill , but until we see a final version , we wo n't know if they live up to this pledge .
The restrictions within the bill are interesting .
The only broad restriction covering the entire bill is that " None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used for any casino or other gambling establishment , aquarium , zoo , golf course , or swimming pool . "
You got it , a city or federal agency can use this money for a jungle gym but not a swimming pool , a croquet court but not a golf course , a football stadium but not a casino , a museum full of dead lions and fish but not a zoo full of live ones .
Everyone knows aquaria are utterly unstimulating , or something .
An interesting restriction on how states can use the money seems to cut against the whole building - stuff - is - good - for- the - economy tone of the Democrats ' stimulus talk .
If a state dedicates stimulus money to state universities , the bill prohibits the state from using the money to increase its endowment or for " construction , renovation , or facility repair . "
By the standards of stimulus , these are , frankly , bizarre .
The logic of Keynesian stimulus is that the government borrowing and spending are itself the medicine that will jolt the economy out of a contraction of aggregate demand , aka " animal spirits " .
He famously suggested that , in the absence of better projects , the government might profitably pay people to dig holes , and then fill them up again .
The point is to get money moving quickly .
This is one of the major issues with the Obama plan 's emphasis on infrastructure : big construction projects simply take time .
Less than half the money dedicated to highways , school construction and other infrastructure projects in a massive economic stimulus package unveiled by House Democrats is likely to be spent within the next two years , according to congressional budget analysts , meaning most of the spending would come too late to lift the nation out of recession .
The good folks over at Massively.com are running a great article about necessary complexity in games , using the failure of Google ’s Lively MMO as an example .
Short order , games that are too complex might offer players a wealth of options and free cookies , but no one ’s going to run that kind of rat maze when they could be playing World of Warcraft .
A game that ’s too simple , like Lively , risks boring players out of their skulls with a lack of options and sending them back to playing World of Warcraft .
Or , to use the jargon of the day , boring games suck .
You can read the article here .
Now , I ’ve been a part of the pen-and - paper gaming world for aeons long past remembering , and our shrouded guild of fiends and ghouls has been wrestling with the same problem .
Why is the most popular role - playing game in the world , one Dungeons & Dragons , so complex compared to games that run in the same ecological niche ?
You ’d think that a simpler game would attract more players , right ?
Meanwhile , a much simpler game , the anime - inspired BESM ( Big Eyes , Small Mouth ) , sold well and did just what it said on the tin , but eventually fell away because after a while no one actually played it .
What happened ?
It turns out , any given game is merely the wrapping around other , smaller games , a sort of nested chinese puzzlebox which unlocks to offer up another mysterious segmented cube .
There are at least three inner games , as it were , and games that lack these secret challenges are hollow doll figures forever at risk of collapsing in on themselves .
First , you have the completion of goals .
This is the game you see splashed on the back of the box and mangled in the cover art .
Rescue the princess , beat down the killers , score a touchdown in overtime to take the championship .
Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president ?
The second game lurks within the mechanics .
Take that football game .
You could probably design the entire game to run off a single analog stick ; just choose a play , point the stick , and things happen .
But you would n’t , because that would suck .
Instead , the smart design is to make use of the whole controller so the player is always doing something ; running the stick , mashing buttons , pulling up menus .
The physical act of interaction with the game is a game in itself , something Nintendo ’s Wii and its wonderful Wiimote prove in blood on every monthly sales chart .
Mastering these interactions and game mechanics becomes part of the fun , with obvious rewards out on the playing field .
The third game is a matter of style .
That is , how much of their personality can the players shove into the game as it rolls through to its grisly conclusion ?
Players like to customize things , even in insignificant ways .
Their own colours , their own names , special sound effects .
Players will also chew through the meat of a game in their own beastial manners , say , favouring long passes in a football game or trying to physically beat the other team into submission through injuries on the field .
Players seek with an unconscious frenzy any opportunity to imprint their personal stamp upon a game , and the more a game caters to this insatiable desire , the more often players will return to ply their craft .
You ’ve heard of gamers descending back into the dessicated bowels of Fallout 3 for an evil run or to have a go at a melee - only character , and this is why .
In the table - top world , Dungeons & Dragons is so successful because every part of the game is a game .
From the moment you sit down at the table , a roster of endless goals and adventures faces you .
The game mechanics require involvement as you consider the effects of cover in protecting your character against the option of sending a sheet of blistering flame out to scorch your foes .
Will the dice favour your daring ?
There ’s also the matter of your character , every mark upon his record sheet a choice you made and a line to define his appearance and manners in the illustrations of legend .
Yes , Sir Gobblecoque defeated the dragon , but did he use sword , or spear , or a rallying cry that brought the townsfolk ’s wrath upon the beast ?
All up to you .
BESM , though , while it presents the same parade of adventure , rings hollow from inside its brightly coloured thorax .
The issue is that the game mechanics are so simple that if a fish might roll the dice , perhaps by some mechanical contrivance involving fish flakes and cunning levers , it could play the game with an equal proficiency to any human agency .
Also , while the player can define his character in any way he likes , those artistic strokes must follow a simple paint - by - numbers composition in the game mechanics , such that in the game those masterful strokes only serve to vaguely cover the same rainbow unicorn on velvet that lies underneath every other character .
In the end , although BESM is simple and easy , there really is n’t much room to make personal style and expression matter .
The game was limited , and doomed , by its simplicity .
Over in the computer world , this is why some two - bit garage company like Linden Labs is pulling in the mad cash over the Beast Google .
Linden ’s Second Life MMO is complex , but that complexity lets players do what they want , how they want , wearing whatever kind of virtual dong they enjoy .
So players flock to it .
Google ’s Lively failed to provide these options , instead choosing a safe and simple road without even the slightest hint of dick .
Now it ’s dead .
Thus ends the lesson .
Could the vote on Proposition 8 , the gay - marriage ban , turn around when all the uncounted ballots are tallied ?
Almost certainly not .
Here ’s why :
Roughly 2.7 million ballots from Tuesday ’s election remained to be counted statewide as of late Friday , according to the California secretary of state ’s office .
The estimate comes from reports filed by each of the state ’s 58 county registrars , who have until early December to complete the count and publish the final , official results .
The complete , county - by - county list is available on the secretary of state ’s website .
Last week ,
Times reporters contacted the state ’s largest counties and reported that at least 1.7 million ballots remained outstanding .
Since then , several of the counties , including Los Angeles , have increased their estimates .
L.A. officials reported to the secretary of state that they had more than 615,000 ballots yet to count .
Advertisement
Where do all those ballots come from , and why does counting them take so long ?
Statewide , about 1.9 million were mail - in ballots that were received too late to be counted on Tuesday .
Those ballots can be processed relatively quickly .
But 728,000 were provisional ballots , generally cast by people whose names did not show up on their precincts ’ registration lists .
Those ballots need to be processed by hand , with officials checking to see if the person who voted was entitled to do so .
Then there is another group of at least 146,000 ballots that were damaged or for some reason could not be read by optical scanners .
Those also have to be handled individually .
Advertisement
With all those ballots outstanding , how can news organizations , including The Times , be confident about calling the results of elections ?
The answer is a matter of odds .
Take Proposition 8 as an example .
As of Saturday morning , the secretary of state reported 5,661,583 votes in favor and 5,154,457 opposed , for a margin of just more than half a million votes .
In order to reverse that result , opponents of the measure would have to win just more than 59 % of the uncounted ballots .
So far , however , opponents have won 47.6 % of the vote .
The odds are strongly against the uncounted ballots being so dramatically different from the ones counted .
By comparison , Proposition 11 , the redistricting initiative backed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , has a 133,952 - vote margin of victory so far .
Opponents would have to win about 52 % of the remaining vote to turn around the result -- still a high hurdle but perhaps achievable .
For that reason , The Times has not declared a winner in that race .
Advertisement
Some other races are far closer .
The tightest locally is the fight over development of the Beverly Hilton property in Beverly Hills .
As of the latest report by the L.A. County registrar of voters , the city ’s Measure H is losing by nine votes out of 13,577 counted .
Elsewhere in the state , the congressional race between Democrat Charlie Brown and Republican Tom McClintock and the state Senate race between Democrat Hannah - Beth Jackson and Republican Tony Strickland both remain close .
McClintock and Jackson are each leading their races by less than half a percentage point .
The secretary of state updates the closest races on its website .
Advertisement
Overall , between 13.5 million and 14 million people are estimated to have voted in this year ’s election -- the final number wo n’t be known until officials have determined how many of the provisional ballots are valid .
That works out to a turnout of between 61 % and 63 % of the state ’s eligible voters , which is not quite an all - time record but appears to be close .
Nationally , according to professor Michael McDonald of George Mason University in Virginia , the turnout is estimated to be about 61 % , also near a record .
Turnout was high in most states except solidly Republican ones , including Texas , Utah , Arkansas and Tennessee , where relatively weak turnouts suggest a significant number of John McCain supporters decided to stay home .
--
david.lauter@latimes.com
FRANKSTON , Australia , Jan. 20 ( UPI ) --
An Australian man challenged to prove his claim that ice cream gave him a blood alcohol reading demonstrated his defense in court .
The man , whose name was not given , had asked Frankston Magistrates '
Court to remove the breath testing alcohol interlock device from his car , the ( Melbourne , Australia ) Daily Sun reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
Prosecutors inquired why the machine had registered a " fail , " which prevents the car from starting , despite the man 's claims that he had not been drinking .
The man claimed the alcohol reading was the result of eating a Bubble O' Bill ice cream treat and Magistrate Rod Crisp ordered a test to be performed to back up the claim .
Police recorded the man 's blood alcohol content as 0.00 and performed the test a second time after he took a few bites of Bubble O' Bill , yielding a 0.018 reading .
Crisp granted the man 's request to remove the breath testing device from his car .
Experts said consuming some foods or drinks before breath tests can cause a false positive reading .
It is recommended that that test subjects wait at least 15 minutes in between eating and blowing into the machine .
Ongoing for nearly three months now , the Fedora Project 's election season appears to have finally come to a close .
Beginning in November with nominations for the Fedora Project Board and various project committees , and continuing through an election and appointment cycle that stretched into early January , only the election to determine the project 's next release name remained .
That was until this past Saturday , when it was revealed that Fedora 11 will bear the appellation Leonidas .
The official announcement of the new release name came , as usual , by way of a message from Fedora Project Leader Paul Frields , with a succinct note thanking the various individuals and groups involved for their work .
The winner emerged from a field of eight candidates , each of which was required to pose the question " Cambridge is a ( n ) [...] , and [ candidate ] is too , " hopefully with [...] representing a unique or novel connection between the two .
The final selection , Leonidas , offered a connection by way of maritime history : " Cambridge was a ship of the Union Navy , and Leonidas was too . "
For the curious , or those with a penchant for naval antiquities , the USS Leonidas was a former whaling ship purchased in 1861 by the U.S. Navy as part of the Stone Fleet , which was intentionally sunk in Charleston Harbor to prevent ships from breaking the naval blockade of the Confederate states .
The USS Cambridge was a U.S. Navy gunboat , commissioned in 1861 , assigned for the whole of her career to patrolling in the aforementioned blockade .
Microsoftie Brandon LeBlanc admits that the Windows 7 beta release scramble " was not ideal " and says the company will extend its availability beyond the 2.5 M cap until January 24th .
We have clearly heard that many of you want to check out the Windows 7 Beta and , as a result , we have decided remove the initial 2.5 million limit on the public beta for the next two weeks ( thru January 24th ) .
During that time you will have access to the beta even if the download number exceeds the 2.5 million unit limit .
Advertisement
Though their initial underestimation of demand did smack of cluelessness , it 's nice to see Microsoft making amends for a rocky couple of days .
As of now you can get the download and the free product key to unlock it by visiting the Windows 7 Beta site straight on ( no secret direct download links required ) .
In 2009 , Microsoft Still Underestimates the Web You'd think that getting soundly beaten by Google and Yahoo over and over in the online space would Read more
Advertisement
Here 's where we stand [ Windows 7 Team Blog ]
Have you been dreaming of a white Christmas ?
Scientists could soon watch it on a screen
Have you been dreaming of a white Christmas ?
Scientists may soon be able to show your winter scene on a computer screen once you 've drifted into a peaceful slumber .
A Japanese research team has successfully processed and displayed images directly from the human brain , they said in a study to be published in the US magazine Neuron .
While the researchers at the ATR Computational Neuroscience Laboratories have only reproduced simple images from the brain , they said the technology could eventually be used to display dreams .
Sweet dreams ?
Scientists could soon be able to watch them on a screen
A spokesman for the Kyoto - based company said it was the first time that it had ever been possible to visualise what people saw directly from their brain activity , a spokesman said .
' By applying this technology , it may become possible to record and replay subjective images that people perceive like dreams , ' they added .
When people look at an object , the eye 's retina recognises an image that is converted into electrical signals which go into the brain 's visual cortex .
The team , led by chief researcher Yukiyasu Kamitani , succeeded in catching the signals and then reconstructing what people saw .
Firstly they studied people 's individual brain patterns by showing them some 400 different still images .
They then showed volunteers the six letters in the word ' neuron ' and succeeded in reconstructing the letters on a computer screen by measuring their brain activity .
Scientists hope eventually this software could be used to map complex dreams .
Dreaming is associated with rapid eye movement sleep although the biological purpose is still not understood .
The most common recorded emotion experienced in dreams is anxiety .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
South African MP
Nhlanhla
Nene was being interviewed live on a parliamentary review programme when a loud crack was heard ; seconds later his chair collapsed .
The South African Broadcasting Corporation has apologised to Mr Nene , and said that " all necessary precautions are being put in place to avoid a similar incident " .
Prayers For Bobby , is a real life powerful drama based on the best selling book .
The story is about a mother who could not accept her sons homosexuality , and as a result of his families ignorance , the boy commits suicide .
The mother struggles to make peace with herself , and ultimately becomes an advocate on behalf of gay rights .
The drama will air on Lifetime on January 24th at 9 pm EST .
[ social_buttons ]
Today , the Irish government recalled all pork products linked to pigs slaughtered in Ireland , after lab tests found evidence of dioxin contamination in both animal feed and pork fat samples .
The most alarming part is that the contamination likely started back in September , according to Ireland ’s Food Safety Authority .
They have advised consumers not to consume Irish pork and bacon products for the time being .
Wow .
Three months before being caught ?!
I am failing to see the safety in that .
Man , it ’s stories like this that make me glad I am a vegetarian .
Opposition spokesman Fergus O’Dowd says the inspections of factories making feed products has been lacking .
“ I find it unbelievable that a spokesperson said tonight for the department that they only go into these factories approximately once or maybe twice per annum , ” he said .
I have to agree .
It seems ironic that so much money is spent on say … fighting terrorism , yet food safety is so grossly overlooked .
Chronic long - term exposure to dioxins has serious health effects , including causing cancer .
Dioxins are mostly present in industrial waste , but most exposure occurs via diet .
In fact , more than 95 - percent of it comes from the consumption of animal fats , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
It is facts like that that make me want to be vegan .
Damn you tasty cheese !
Source : CNN | Photo : © Lahnet | Dreamstime.com
Going green when it comes to food and drink does n’t have to be a pricey proposition involving all - organic produce and the finest fair - trade ingredients .
Whether you are a vegan , vegetarian or even a meat - eater here are some essential , cheap and relatively easy meals and recipes to green your eating habits on a regular basis without sacrificing taste .
20 Delicious Vegan Meals and Recipes : From sloppy janes to tofu scramble , soba noodles to grilled salad , vegan food has a sometimes - poor reputation amongst meat - eaters and even some vegetarians – but it is not always deserved .
Whether you want food that still tastes like meat or something entirely different there is a yummy vegan delight on this list sure to tickle your taste buds .
20 Delicious Vegan Appetizers and Desserts :
With main courses covered a meal can not really be called complete until you add in the befores and afters – appetizers and desserts are also an essential ingredients to balanced ( and fun ) eating .
From salads , bruschettas and fries to cookies , brownies and pies here are some mouth - watering vegan recipes to fix and serve on either side of a main course .
14 Cheap , Easy and Delicious Vegetarian Meals and Recipes :
Not sure you are ready to take the plunge and remove milk and eggs from the equation ?
In some ways that does make things simpler but , some would argue , perhaps not as simple as making a meaty meal .
These fourteen recipes are ideal for even the most hopeless of cooks with little experience making veggie food ( or even meals in general ) .
12 Tips and Recipes for Making Sustainable Meat Meals :
So some of us may not even be able to make it as far as vegetarian – but do n’t despair : there are some ways to go greener even if you still are not in a position to give up meat ( or perhaps even want to ) for whatever reason .
From going with grassfed beef to enjoying exotic animal dishes there are many ways to eat healthier and in a more eco-friendly fashion at the same time .
10 Green and Eco-Friendly Mixed Drinks and Cocktail Recipes : Going green when it comes to consumption is n’t just about food anymore – you can celebrate sustainably as well with some of these eco-friendly alcoholic beverages and ( in some cases ) literally green mixed drinks as well .
" We are born with faculties and powers capable almost of anything , such at least as would carry us farther than can easily be imagined : but it is only the exercise of those powers which gives us ability and skill in anything , and leads us towards perfection .
The legs of a dancing - master and the fingers of a musician fall as it were naturally , without thought or pains , into regular and admirable motions .
Bid them change their parts , and they will in vain endeavor to produce like motions in the members not used to them , and it will require length of time and long practice to attain but some degrees of a like ability .
What incredible and astonishing actions do we find rope - dancers and tumblers bring their bodies to !
Not but that sundry in almost all manual arts are as wonderful ; but I name those which the world takes notice of for such , because on that very account they give money to see them .
All these admired motions , beyond the reach and almost conception of unpracticed spectators , are nothing but the mere effects of use and industry in men whose bodies have nothing peculiar in them from those of the amazed lookers - on .
As it is in the body , so it is in the mind : practice makes it what it is ; and most even of those excellencies which are looked on as natural endowments , will be found , when examined into more narrowly , to be the product of exercise , and to be raised to that pitch only by repeated actions . "
" the self "
" blank slate "
" tabula rasa "
Excerpt : Of Practice And Habits from
posthumously
Forrest E. Baird & Walter Kaufmann , " Plato to Derrida , " 2008 .
Image : Philippe Petite 's foot on wire between Twin Towers 1 & 2 , New York , NY , 8.7 . 1974 ) .
A collection of 18 of the world 's worst intersections and interchanges .
Bonus Google Earth contest inside to see if you can name four of them .
The prize ?
A 2010 Ford Mustang model !
Oh Boy !
Advertisement
The odds are good you 've battled your way through some version of hell on this morning 's roadways on the way to your cubicle .
But maybe you do n't have it so bad ; unless you 're unfortunate enough to live near one of these monstrosities .
Partake in some delicious schadenfreude as you look down upon these poor commuting schmucks .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Now , you 're probably asking , " Hey Andy , where 's that Mustang model you promised ? "
Well , it ai n't gonna be that easy .
The Rules start below :
The Concept : You 're given four wacky intersections below under the cleverly named " Contest Intersections " heading .
Your job is to scan Google Earth and find exactly where these places are located .
Advertisement
The Submission Format : Your entry must be emailed to Didorosi@Jalopnik.com before December 15th at 11:59 PM .
Contained within the email must be four working Google Earth links to each of the four locations .
Subject line on the email must be , " Worst Intersection Contest Submission : I Love El Caminos "
Any deviation from this format or late entry will not be accepted .
Any attempts at RickRolling will result in a swift kick to the man vegetables .
Winning : Prize is one 2010 Ford Mustang toy model .
Standard contest rules apply .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Best of luck .
Oh yeah , I almost forgot :
Special Disqualification : Dearthair is disqualified from this contest simply because I do n't like the cut of his jib .
Just kidding .
Have at it .
Advertisement
[ DarkRoast ]
It 's hard to answer your question without any background information .
Is the complexity justified if you just want a blog ?
No .
Is the complexity justified if you 're building a company intranet for 400 + people ?
Yes .
Is it a good investment if you 're looking to be a consultant ?
Absolutely !
There 's a lot of Plone work out there , and it pays much better than the average PHP job .
I 'd encourage you to clarify what you 're trying to build , and ask the Plone forums for advice .
Plone has a very mature and friendly community — and will absolutely let you know if what you 're trying to do is a poor fit for Plone .
You can of course do whatever you want with Plone , but there are some areas where it 's the best solution available , other areas where it 'll be a lot of work to change it to do something else .
Some background :
The reason for the complexity of Plone at this point in time is that it 's moving to a more modern architecture .
It 's bridging both the old and the new approach right now , which adds some complexity until the transition is mostly complete .
Plone is doing this to avoid leaving their customers behind by breaking backwards compatibility , which they take very seriously — unlike other systems I could mention ( but wo n't ; ) .
You care about your data , the Plone community cares about their data — and we'd like you to be able to upgrade to the new and better versions even when we 're transitioning to a new architecture .
This is one of the Plone community 's strengths , but there is of course a penalty to pay for modifying the plane while it 's flying , and that 's a bit of temporary , extra complexity .
Furthermore , Plone as a community has a strong focus on security ( compare it to any other system on the vulnerabilities reported ) , and a very professional culture that values good architecture , testing and reusability .
As an example , consider the current version of Plone being developed ( what will become 4.0 ) :
It starts up 3 - 4 times faster than the current version .
It uses about 20 % less memory than the current version .
There 's a much , much easier types system in the works ( Dexterity ) , which will reduce the complexity and speed up the system a lot , while keeping the same level of functionality
The code base is already 20 % smaller than the current shipping version , and getting even smaller .
Early benchmarks of the new types system show a 5 × speedup for content editing , and we have n't really started optimizing this part yet .
— Alexander Limi , Plone co-founder ( and slightly biased ;)
Come direbbe Severgnini , finchè non vedo Obama alla Casa Bianca non ci credo , ma è indiscutibile che ultimamente i segnali sono tutti a favore del candidato democratico .
Tutti i sondaggi lo danno avanti di qualche punto , soprattutto in molti degli stati-chiave : ma bisognerà vedere quanto conterà il Bradley effect ( di cui ho già parlato ) .
Qual è la soglia di sicurezza per Obama ?
3 % ? 5 % ?
Piu passa il tempo più rischia di perdere il vantaggio che ha in questi giorni .
Intanto McCain è alle prese con una serie infinita di ostacoli e difficoltà nella sua campagna elettorale : pare che sia davvero un po ’ sfortunato , perchè nonostante dia valorosamente battaglia con tutte le armi a sua disposizione , gliene sono capitate di tutti i colori .
Prima i suoi parenti neri dichiarano che voteranno per Obama , poi l’irascibile fratello chiama il 911 per lamentarsi del traffico e insulta l’operatore ( in famiglia devono avere tutti un bel caratterino ) .
C’è stata la storia , francamente un po ’ ridicola , della supporter di McCain che ha denunciato di essere stata aggredita da “ un gigantesco uomo nero ” che prima l’avrebbe derubata , e poi le avrebbe inciso sulla guancia una lettera , guarda caso la B .
Police said they doubted her story from the start — in part because the “ B ” on her face was backward .
Al contrario , come se fosse stata tracciata davanti a uno specchio .
Poi gli endorsments dei giornali , la maggior parte dei quali si è schierata con Obama ( anche quelli che sostennero Bush nel 2004 ) .
Per non parlare dei problemi interni al partito .
Che la candidatura della Palin non fosse la scelta più giusta lo si era capito fin da subito : ma ora la donna si sta trasformando in un vero e proprio problema per McCain .
Litiga con lo staff , non rispetta le direttive andando a fare comizi in stati già considerati “ persi ” , e probabilmente , sentendo puzza di sconfitta , sta cercando di smarcarsi per garantirsi un futuro politico anche senza McCain .
Comunque per ora non rinuncia proprio a niente , essendo riuscita a spendere 150.000 $ ( la metà in un solo negozio ! ) per rifarsi il guardaroba usando i soldi della campagna elettorale , quelli che i cittadini versano al partito per sostenerlo .
Messa così può sembrare una lista di cattiverie , costruita per screditare l’immagine dei repubblicani .
Ma sono solo fatti : vedremo se la settimana prossima conteranno , alle urne , o se il vecchio ma combattivo McCain riuscirà a fare il miracolo .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
In October 2002 George Bush held a gun to the world ’s head .
Saddam Hussein posed a “ grave threat ” , the president insisted , justifying the invasion of Iraq .
Six years on and Bush ’s finger ’s again on the trigger , this time over the $ 700 billion bail - out of US banks .
Just as before , he said it was an open - and - shut case – approve the deal or face financial Armageddon .
Yet the war in Iraq proved Bush wrong .
Could his latest apocalyptic judgment be just as wrong ?
Early this morning the Senate voted for the package , but it is still not a done deal – and has to go back to the House of Representatives .
Critics of those dissenters who voted down the rescue package in the House of Representatives earlier this week accused politicians of thinking of themselves with elections looming .
But others could argue they were listening to the very people who elected them , the vast majority of whom bitterly oppose the deal .
Many say the high - stakes card sharks gambled big and they ’ve lost big – and they were betting with our money .
The taxpayer resents having to put his hand in his pocket just so fat cats can do it all again .
The feeling is , heads they win , tails we lose .
Killing off the proposal would have shown Congress was in touch with voters .
If only it were as simple as that .
Rejecting the deal would have made the situation a whole lot worse .
It may seem as if banks are dropping like flies now .
Without a massive cash injection , many more will fail .
Paralysis of the money markets , recession and raging unemployment threaten to ensue .
But despite the inevitable pain , the world will go on turning .
Those “ bad ” banks still with toxic debts are likely to go the wall but the “ good ” ones will thrive .
The downside is less competition when it comes to current accounts , loans and mortgages .
And the taxpayer will pick up the tab one way or another .
More banks will be nationalised , as has happened with Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley .
And the economy , already reeling , will take an almighty hammering .
Investment bank BNP Paribas believes the UK economy alone will take a £ 200bn hit over the next five years if the deal does not go through .
Yet some believe there is a third way that prevents all - out anarchy without lumbering the British taxpayer with dodgy assets .
One option is to buy shares in troubled banks .
That way it would still inject the necessary money and enable the taxpayer to benefit from the bank ’s long - term recovery .
Others argue the only way to cure banks of their innate greed is to rip up the rule book and start again .
Only with this level of shock to the system are City dealers likely to change their ways .
It might seem like a doomsday scenario but it could teach the banks a lesson that ensures we never find ourselves in this mess again .
Gibbs to be White House Press Secretary
President - Elect Barack Obama has filled a top staff job : Robert Gibbs , his traveling senior adviser for most of the campaign , will hold the high - profile role of White House press secretary , Mike Allen reports on Politico44 .
Gibbs , an Alabama native and former communications director for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , was Obama 's communications director during his 2004 Senate race and in the Senate .
He became close counselor to Obama on the road , and though he began the campaign as communications director , wound up spending more time speaking to the candidate than to the press .
He also did a couple of memorable , acerbic turns on television in the late days of the race , sparring with McCain aides and with Fox News 's Sean Hannity .
Aretha Franklin Inauguration VIDEO
sang My Country , ' Tis Of Thee during the presidential inauguration of , 44th President of the United States .
Decked out in a huge hat , she belted out the song with her usual flair .
As much as we admire her talent , we can't help but think that the hat trumped her music .
Check out her video performance below and more celebrity photos below .
Beyonce serenades Obama 's here .
Photos : WENN
Notes :
Source : FDIC SDI ( http://www4.fdic.gov/SDI/main.asp )
Please note that this is NOT the OFFICIAL FDIC troubled bank list !
Texas Ratio = 100 * ( Non-performing Assets + Other REO ) / ( Equity + Loss Reserves )
Non-performing assets ( npa ) excludes those non-performing assets that are guaranteed by the US government .
Effective Tier 1 Leverage Ratio = 100 * ( Tier 1 capital + loss reserves - LGD estimate ) / ( average assets - ineligible intangibles - LGD Estimate + loss reserves )
Where LGD Estimate = NPA_1st liens * 0.4 + NPA_HELOC * 0.8 + NPA_construction_loans * 0.6 + NPA_farm * 0.6 + NPA_commercial_RE * 0.6 +
NPA_commercial / industrial * 0.8 + NPA_consumer * 0.6 + NPA_other * 0.8
Effective Equity / Assets calculated with same LGD assumptions but with total equity instead of Tier 1 equity and total assets instead of average assets - ineligible intangibles
Banks highlighted in red have effective tier 1 leverage ratio less than 4 % , the FDIC minimum
Banks highlighted in orange have effective tier 1 leverage ratio between 4 % and 5 % .
Banks highlighted in yellow have effective tier 1 leverage ratio between 5 % and 6 %
Banks highlighted in cyan are known to be taking measures to address their situation
Banks with Texas Ratios less than 40 are excluded .
This list represents a small subsection of US banks .
The majority of banks are currently well capitalized .
Being on this list does not necessarily mean a bank will fail , as they can try to raise capital or to sell themselves to new investors or another bank
This list is a work in progress .
Rank Name City State Total Assets ( 000s ) NPA / Assets Equity / Assets Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Tier 1 Risk - based Ratio Total Risk - based Ratio Texas Ratio Effective Equity / Assets Effective Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Notes
1 Providence Bank Alpharetta GA 116,945 34.03 9.17 6.18 7.21 8.26 339.17 - 12.75 - 17.87
2 Heritage Bank of North Florida Orange Park FL 103,960 35.37 - 3.15 - 3.12 - 4.05 - 4.05 1,042.42 - 18.35 - 17.78 Failed on 04/19/2013
3 Douglas County Bank Douglasville GA
317,288 25.51 0.26 0.36 0.48 0.97 2,258.40 - 15.97 - 15.80 Failed on 04/26/2013
4 Beach Community Bank Fort Walton Beac FL 587,162 30.38 5.31 5.00 6.32 7.58 449.24 - 13.54 - 13.75
5 Eastern Savings Bank , FSB Hunt Valley MD 465,225 40.80 6.42 6.42 9.46 10.03 522.13 - 13.24 - 13.24
6 The Peoples Bank Covington GA 108,894 25.07 3.48 3.42 4.73 5.99 510.66 - 10.28 - 10.51
7 Community South Bank Parsons TN 395,776 22.89 2.28 2.12 2.48 3.74 514.72 - 10.34 - 10.27
8 Legacy State Bank Loganville GA 69,778 24.83 5.99 6.02 7.79 9.04 342.19 - 9.03 - 9.29
9 First City Bank of Florida Fort Walton Beac FL 256,333 20.70 2.47 2.42 3.37 4.63 509.70 - 8.44 - 8.60
10 Sunrise Bank Valdosta GA 60,793 25.55 1.46 1.39 2.08 3.39 429.71 - 8.55 - 8.35 Failed on 05/10/2013
11 Texas Community Bank , National Association The Woodlands TX 227,872 19.62 3.17 3.25 4.98 8.74 383.70 - 7.49 - 7.68
12 First National Bank Edinburg TX 3,194,804 18.36 5.85 2.39 3.48 4.76 222.88 - 2.71 - 6.63
13 Peoples Bank & Trust Buford GA 305,006 18.26 4.10 4.23 5.94 7.05 375.48 - 6.58 - 6.60
14 First Community Bank of Southwest Florida Fort Myers FL 265,736 17.73 1.73 1.82 2.29 3.56 427.70 - 6.76 - 6.59 Failed on 08/02/2013
15 Gwinnett Community Bank Duluth GA 449,599 17.74 3.06 3.08 4.20 5.45 416.03 - 6.66 - 6.53
16 First South Bank Spartanburg SC 299,903 18.06 2.37 2.44 2.97 4.24 406.24 - 6.54 - 6.26
17 Bank of Las Vegas Henderson NV 247,357 17.31 2.25 2.21 2.89 4.16 380.13 - 6.28 - 6.16
18 The Bank of Georgia Peachtree City GA 331,074 18.57 5.74 4.21 5.33 6.67 255.29 - 4.09 - 5.93
19 Pisgah Community Bank Asheville NC 21,880 18.49 2.56 2.48 3.70 5.01 281.17 - 6.08 - 5.87 Failed on 05/10/2013
20 American Metro Bank Chicago IL 78,762 25.21 4.74 4.75 7.57 8.89 280.25 - 5.63 - 5.65
21 WestSide Bank Hiram GA 120,890 17.60 4.73 4.18 5.20 6.46 296.58 - 5.11 - 5.44
22 American Patriot Bank Greeneville TN 78,716 18.75 2.94 2.84 3.72 4.99 407.14 - 5.33 - 5.23
23 Anchor Commercial Bank Juno Beach FL 106,467 16.65 2.38 2.11 2.95 4.23 327.29 - 5.02 - 5.23
24 Eastside Commercial Bank Conyers GA 179,818 15.68 2.28 2.22 3.06 4.33 376.92 - 5.29 - 5.22
25 First National Bank of Crestview Crestview FL 97,249 18.19 4.82 4.29 6.99 8.26 276.28 - 4.61 - 5.14
26 First Citizens Bank of Georgia Dawsonville GA 93,566 15.98 3.07 2.94 3.55 4.80 357.28 - 4.79 - 5.03
27 Advantage Bank Loveland CO 258,820 18.12 4.58 4.41 5.82 7.08 276.98 - 4.76 - 4.66
28 Park Cities Bank Dallas TX 472,438 20.82 6.36 5.91 8.72 9.98 250.51 - 4.90 - 4.59
29 The Bank of Union El Reno OK 387,771 22.98 9.05 8.97 11.37 12.69 165.40 - 4.49 - 4.57
30 Archer Bank Chicago IL 469,197 16.73 3.18 2.46 4.22 5.53 291.38 - 3.74 - 4.38
31 Gulf Coast Community Bank Pensacola FL
178,070 14.20 2.20 2.30 2.90 4.14 336.99 - 4.25 - 4.15
32 Farmers & Merchants Bank Lakeland GA 585,712 14.75 3.04 2.92 4.27 5.54 318.89 - 3.93 - 4.03
33 Georgia Heritage Bank Dallas GA 63,822 11.94 2.62 2.62 3.52 4.77 334.31 - 3.90 - 3.97
34 Builders Bank Chicago IL 294,466 20.28 7.26 7.04 13.76 15.04 229.77 - 3.67 - 3.87
35 Metrobank Berwyn IL 621,570 19.36 3.40 2.08 3.41 4.75 246.54 - 2.37 - 3.70
36 Nantahala Bank & Trust Company Franklin NC 159,970 17.22 5.23 5.17 6.43 8.35 255.62 - 3.57 - 3.62
37 Bank of Eastman Eastman GA 205,972 17.22 5.02 4.71 7.37 8.63 260.62 - 3.29 - 3.58
38 Pinnacle Bank Rogers AR 91,917 23.57 9.94 10.20 13.64 17.94 208.77 - 3.16 - 3.51
39 Signature Bank of Georgia Sandy Springs GA 124,294 17.75 6.42 6.13 9.10 10.35 236.29 - 3.25 - 3.36
40 Capitol City Bank & Trust Company Atlanta GA 299,844 15.86 4.14 4.17 4.90 6.16 272.50 - 3.47 - 3.35
41 Decatur State Bank Decatur AR 115,552 12.60 3.20 2.94 4.41 5.62 313.21 - 3.15 - 3.26
42 Southern Bank and Trust Company Mount Olive NC 2,050,639 20.80 8.75 8.43 12.10 13.41 219.12 - 2.73 - 3.22
43 Mountain National Bank Sevierville TN 437,282 13.95 1.97 1.91 2.62 3.90 295.84 - 3.29 - 3.22 Failed on 06/07/2013
44 The Patterson Bank Patterson GA 110,616 17.41 4.77 4.81 6.60 7.87 252.67 - 3.09 - 3.19
45 Banks of Wisconsin Kenosha WI 134,024 18.40 2.17 1.93 2.67 3.99 268.92 - 2.86 - 3.09 Failed on 05/31/2013
46 First Federal Bank Lexington KY 92,982 16.06 0.87 0.90 1.20 2.40 341.33 - 3.09 - 3.06 Failed on 04/19/2013
47 Independence Federal Savings Bank Washington DC 72,473 15.14 2.40 2.31 4.16 5.44 330.32 - 2.90 - 3.00
48 First National Bank of Brookfield Brookfield IL 148,434 14.84 4.55 4.46 6.19 7.45 256.83 - 2.53 - 2.61
49 Columbia Savings Bank Cincinnati OH
40,891 20.79 3.60 3.52 5.84 7.13 332.59 - 2.40 - 2.35
50 Chipola Community Bank Marianna FL 37,471 8.22 0.76 0.78 1.55 2.83 346.18 - 2.47 - 2.35 Failed on 04/19/2013
51 The Community 's Bank Bridgeport CT 28,273 9.07 4.79 2.57 4.42 5.68 160.35 0.07 - 2.28
52 First Chatham Bank Savannah GA 430,060 11.62 3.64 3.50 5.63 6.88 243.60 - 2.20 - 2.10
53 Eagle Community Bank Maple Grove MN 20,340 13.71 5.31 5.27 7.27 8.47 222.51 - 1.80 - 2.01
54 Gold Canyon Bank Gold Canyon AZ
42,125 9.09 0.88 0.85 1.28 2.55 301.81 - 2.04 - 1.99 Failed on 04/05/2013
55 First Bank and Trust Company of Illinois Palatine IL 306,468 21.63 8.68 8.52 13.30 14.59 223.17 - 1.92 - 1.94
56 OptimumBank Plantation FL 135,707 19.46 7.48 7.10 8.68 9.93 208.23 - 1.83 - 1.92
57 Independent Banker 's Bank of Florida Lake Mary FL 229,449 15.36 5.87 5.70 9.38 10.65 203.95 - 1.89 - 1.91
58 Northside Bank Adairsville GA 133,545 13.40 5.41 5.66 7.38 8.56 213.36 - 1.77 - 1.84
59 Sevier County Bank Sevierville TN 306,403 14.33 8.03 4.93 6.52 7.79 142.86 1.76 - 1.78
60 1st Commerce Bank North Las Vegas NV 20,152 12.97 2.62 2.44 3.46 4.77 174.27 - 1.89 - 1.75 Failed on 06/06/2013
61 Bank of Jackson County Graceville FL 26,221 12.99 2.41 2.37 2.69 3.96 266.22 - 1.67 - 1.65
62 Central Arizona Bank Scottsdale AZ 31,550 12.71 2.13 2.13 2.87 4.18 210.12 - 1.60 - 1.60 Failed on 05/14/2013
63 DuPage National Bank West Chicago IL 61,353 13.34 4.31 4.18 7.47 8.73 205.22 - 1.53 - 1.55
64 United Central Bank Garland TX 1,795,061 23.05 8.37 8.03 19.72 21.12 179.36 - 1.27 - 1.49
65 AztecAmerica Bank Berwyn IL 80,876 19.29 5.09 5.08 6.96 8.24 238.14 - 1.46 - 1.47
66 Great Florida Bank Coral Gables FL 1,143,369 11.54 4.37 4.33 6.87 8.12 208.27 - 1.26 - 1.34
67 Horry County State Bank Loris SC 469,952 9.99 2.21 2.17 2.95 4.22 214.91 - 1.28 - 1.32
68 The Bank of Commerce Sarasota FL 224,152 10.37 3.02 3.33 4.36 7.79 230.59 - 1.65 - 1.32
69 Citizens State Bank Kingsland GA 67,024 14.54 6.64 5.27 7.14 8.40 177.34 0.35 - 1.29
70 SUNRISE BANK OF ARIZONA Phoenix AZ 206,160 9.39 2.34 2.27 2.80 4.06 206.88 - 1.23 - 1.22
71 South Carolina Community Bank Columbia SC 81,031 13.82 4.53 4.55 7.01 8.29 198.95 - 1.17 - 1.18
72 Superior Bank Hazelwood MO 33,961 19.36 5.76 5.74 7.18 8.43 211.65 - 1.17 - 1.17
73 CornerstoneBank Atlanta GA
313,500 10.40 3.90 3.77 5.39 7.11 184.91 - 0.84 - 0.98
74 Bank of Wausau Wausau WI 48,525 10.02 1.87 1.84 2.92 4.19 217.82 -0.95 - 0.91 Failed on 08/09/2013
75 Georgia Primary Bank Atlanta GA 210,438 21.27 7.90 7.65 9.35 10.64 188.48 - 0.87 - 0.86
76 Parkway Bank Lenoir NC 109,642 7.95 1.39 1.49 1.96 3.23 235.90 - 0.95 - 0.85 Failed on 04/26/2013
77 Delta Bank , National Association Manteca CA 95,309 18.27 9.48 9.32 17.28 18.53 177.47 - 0.64 - 0.83
78 State Central Bank Keokuk IA 139,589 10.68 3.19 2.54 4.33 5.62 183.27 - 0.26 - 0.81
79 Monterey County Bank Monterey CA 216,486 15.13 5.81 5.99 7.93 9.21 177.03 - 0.70 - 0.74
80 1st Advantage Bank Saint Peters MO 73,570 14.72 5.85 5.76 6.92 8.18 200.24 - 0.53 - 0.61
81 Plaza Bank , Norridge , Illinois Norridge IL 326,696 14.13 3.60 3.42 4.89 6.19 198.66 - 0.37 - 0.50
82 CenTrust Bank , National Association Northbrook IL 69,768 25.19 10.32 10.08 13.77 15.06 183.90 - 0.36 - 0.42
83 Affinity Bank Atlanta GA 276,631 9.62 3.52 4.13 5.04 6.30 196.65 - 0.95 - 0.39
84 The Citizens Bank of East Tennessee Rogersville TN 120,838 10.81 4.88 4.84 7.52 8.77 188.42 - 0.56 - 0.39
85 FirstSecure Bank and Trust Co. Palos Hills IL 58,544 10.72 2.99 2.88 5.69 7.00 175.45 - 0.28 - 0.32
86 First Covenant Bank Commerce GA 176,929 11.24 5.68 5.53 8.84 10.10 172.61 - 0.08 - 0.32
87 North Alabama Bank Hazel Green AL 106,337 13.95 9.44 7.16 9.54 10.79 132.30 2.42 - 0.20
88 North Community Bank Chicago IL 788,945 14.59 4.37 4.16 6.22 7.56 198.62 - 0.07 - 0.19
89 The Foster Bank Chicago IL 395,085 13.45 5.72 5.55 7.11 8.38 162.44 - 0.05 - 0.18
90 First Citizens Bank of Polson , National Association Polson MT 22,466 18.93 10.89 9.19 14.14 15.48 147.47 1.63 - 0.16
91 Golden State Bank Upland CA 85,744 13.27 5.61 5.61 7.24 8.51 169.89 - 0.16 - 0.16
92 NewDominion Bank Charlotte NC 307,274 9.20 3.66 3.38 4.36 5.62 165.93 0.11 - 0.13
93 The Heritage Bank Hinesville GA 696,887 9.44 3.25 3.08 4.79 6.07 167.46 0.12 - 0.10
94 Community Bank and Trust - West Georgia Lagrange GA 91,796 14.95 6.40 6.38 9.15 10.01 209.19 - 0.07 - 0.10
95 Community Bank and Trust - Alabama Union Springs AL 71,000 15.47 7.61 7.18 12.22 13.16 178.38 0.47 0.08
96 TransCapital Bank Sunrise FL 198,816 18.18 7.41 7.30 8.92 10.19 182.05 0.15 0.15
97 Security Savings Bank , SSB Southport NC 224,143 9.62 2.80 2.74 4.31 5.59 179.22 0.22 0.21
98 Boundary Waters Bank Ely MN 107,454 7.10 3.53 3.42 4.96 6.21 159.00 0.29 0.27
99 Enterprise Bank of South Carolina Ehrhardt SC 404,338 16.60 9.56 9.29 14.29 14.96 153.49 0.74 0.41
100 SUNRISE BANK OF ALBUQUERQUE Albuquerque NM 45,917 13.29 4.11 4.02 5.19 6.48 173.73 0.47 0.46
101 Heritage Bank Jonesboro GA 361,615 9.60 5.11 5.21 7.12 8.37 156.06 0.48 0.50
102 Stephens Federal Bank Toccoa GA 171,480 11.30 4.27 4.26 6.42 7.46 179.13 0.50 0.50
103 Millennium Bank , National Association Sterling VA 148,080 5.73 - 0.62 2.23 2.59 3.84 492.74 - 2.33 0.63
104 Idaho Banking Company Boise ID 106,720 11.86 3.19 3.20 3.78 5.08 158.36 0.75 0.73
105 First CornerStone Bank King Of Prussia PA 146,288 14.73 7.98 7.75 12.99 14.25 162.66 0.95 0.76
106 Friends Bank New Smyrna Beach FL 109,709 9.55 4.61 4.51 6.63 7.89 151.42 0.91 0.83
107 Community Bank of Pickens County Jasper GA 317,200 8.87 5.03 4.69 5.89 7.14 142.33 1.38 0.91
108 Tidelands Bank Mount Pleasant SC 511,269 9.58 5.04 5.06 6.95 8.20 150.84 0.92 1.00
109 Northwest Georgia Bank Ringgold GA 435,422 7.58 3.97 3.97 8.75 10.03 142.36 1.03 1.06
110 U. S. Century Bank Doral FL 950,672 12.25 5.33 5.21 6.21 7.46 150.65 1.10 1.07
111 Liberty FSB Enid OK 108,741 9.36 3.41 4.01 7.48 8.76 173.86 0.48 1.12
112 GreenChoice Bank , fsb Chicago IL 81,421 11.74 5.22 4.95 6.78 8.05 170.04 1.41 1.12
113 F & M Bank and Trust Company Manchester GA 92,200 8.09 3.30 3.21 4.89 6.17 147.10 1.28 1.14
114 Peoples State Bank of Commerce Nolensville TN 148,478 9.69 6.21 6.22 8.84 10.10 132.50 1.19 1.17
115 American Enterprise Bank Buffalo Grove IL 252,518 17.45 8.83 8.01 10.78 12.07 146.37 1.95 1.19
116 Legacy Bank of Florida Boca Raton FL 254,647 8.93 5.09 4.88 6.47 7.73 135.22 1.34 1.21
117 Securant Bank & Trust Menomonee Falls WI 202,342 12.10 4.26 4.30 5.86 7.15 150.48 1.26 1.25
118 Bank of Belton Belton MO 44,932 8.21 6.21 5.19 9.67 10.93 112.23 2.25 1.26
119 Cecil Bank Elkton MD 435,163 14.14 7.37 7.07 9.60 10.87 149.66 1.62 1.26
120 Premier Bank Denver CO 49,488 8.56 4.08 4.31 7.01 8.29 136.91 1.11 1.28
121 First Tuskegee Bank Tuskegee AL 63,023 14.14 8.54 8.59 13.26 14.51 150.50 1.44 1.29
122 Trust Company Bank Mason TN 34,430 3.69 7.30 2.12 2.56 3.67 44.81 6.54 1.29
123 Pinnacle Bank Orange City FL 169,642 10.24 4.69 4.82 7.08 8.36 141.85 1.18 1.36
124 First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hammond Hammond IN 41,892 8.58 2.71 2.70 5.39 6.68 169.40 1.40 1.39
125 Mountain 1st Bank & Trust Company Hendersonville NC 697,463 5.12 2.82 2.80 5.14 6.41 117.29 1.43 1.40
126 The Bank of Macks Creek Macks Creek MO 21,861 13.41 5.85 5.61 9.11 10.38 170.96 1.58 1.42
127 The Farmers Bank Forsyth GA 65,027 13.57 7.77 7.73 12.24 13.50 146.36 1.54 1.46
128 American Bank of the North Nashwauk MN 559,945 10.88 5.77 5.35 7.24 8.52 131.31 1.90 1.52
129 United Trust Bank Palos Heights IL 43,931 12.48 7.60 7.55 11.21 12.18 151.17 1.59 1.53
130 Farmers & Merchants Bank Statesboro GA 175,878 9.91 4.73 4.74 7.53 8.82 136.66 1.58 1.58
131 PBI Bank Louisville KY 1,129,554 14.53 6.37 5.95 8.21 10.29 146.86 1.99 1.61
132 Frontier Bank , FSB Park City UT 184,910 6.88 2.41 2.33 4.59 5.90 128.07 1.78 1.71
133 Home Federal Bank of Hollywood Hallandale Beach FL 59,442 14.14 6.71 6.71 10.54 11.83 148.96 1.75 1.75
134 Baytree National Bank & Trust Company Lake Forest IL 149,458 7.12 4.39 4.22 7.53 8.80 115.72 1.83 1.76
135 Michigan Commerce Bank Ann Arbor MI 624,282 13.90 3.94 3.88 5.22 6.55 140.05 1.81 1.77
136 The Community Bank of Shell Knob Shell Knob MO 12,354 1.25 1.26 1.36 3.20 4.47 52.54 1.65 1.78
137 Highland Community Bank Chicago IL 81,752 5.80 3.40 3.09 5.52 6.80 99.73 2.07 1.80
138 Stonebridge Bank Exton PA 213,511 9.93 5.98 5.74 8.24 9.50 135.78 1.95 1.81
139 FSGBANK , National Association Chattanooga TN 1,040,667 2.32 2.24 1.90 3.41 4.68 65.60 2.18 1.84
140 Guaranty Bank Milwaukee WI 1,187,630 6.63 3.03 3.00 5.54 6.86 103.57 1.88 1.86
141 New Millennium Bank New Brunswick NJ 184,800 4.65 2.89 2.65 3.93 5.21 84.56 2.18 1.94
142 Winfield Community Bank Winfield IL 63,116 4.30 3.73 3.66 5.92 7.17 93.39 2.00 1.95
143 Metropolitan National Bank Little Rock AR 1,025,366 9.94 6.41 6.30 9.59 10.86 121.63 2.15 1.96
144 First Bank West Des Moines IA 93,472 7.77 4.49 4.70 7.34 8.61 120.62 1.80 1.98
145 Valley Bank of Nevada North Las Vegas NV 87,007 13.33 6.84 7.01 9.04 10.33 132.21 2.04 2.09
146 State Bank of Herscher Herscher IL 165,612 11.25 3.20 3.19 5.36 6.70 137.13 2.21 2.21
147 Village Bank Saint Francis MN 173,655 9.80 4.71 4.62 6.82 8.13 114.00 2.37 2.24
148 City National Bank of New Jersey Newark NJ 330,448 10.97 6.07 6.10 10.24 11.53 122.28 2.22 2.33
149 Northern Star Bank Mankato MN 25,826 5.54 3.96 3.83 5.25 6.51 94.83 2.58 2.49
150 Champion Bank Parker CO 65,662 19.25 9.11 9.54 12.42 13.71 154.34 2.42 2.53
151 Cornerstone Bank Wilson NC 132,079 7.17 4.74 4.63 7.62 8.90 106.32 2.63 2.54
152 Goldwater Bank , N.A. Scottsdale AZ 126,486 6.48 5.26 4.47 9.74 11.01 95.24 3.32 2.57
153 Liberty Bank , F.S.B. West Des Moines IA 332,513 12.81 5.82 5.80 9.63 10.94 130.96 2.60 2.58
154 Bank of Palatine Palatine IL 56,182 4.78 4.19 3.99 11.83 13.10 92.34 2.77 2.59
155 The Peoples Bank Eatonton GA 134,061 10.86 7.78 7.75 13.00 13.95 128.04 2.63 2.59
156 Syringa Bank Boise ID 160,749 3.92 3.09 2.83 3.53 4.80 71.24 2.90 2.65
157 Central Bank Savannah TN 139,369 7.84 4.41 4.37 6.23 7.52 104.10 2.68 2.65
158 First Mariner Bank Baltimore MD 1,300,601 3.35 3.58 3.63 6.59 7.84 75.47 2.58 2.66
159 Bank of Newington Newington GA 74,953 9.25 6.34 6.47 8.62 9.89 113.26 2.67 2.73
160 Slavie Federal Savings Bank Bel Air MD 158,408 8.56 3.60 3.60 6.41 7.71 123.79 2.75 2.75
161 Cornerstone Bank Moorestown NJ 268,749 5.80 4.89 4.66 6.47 9.20 91.58 2.88 2.75
162 First National Bank of Griffin Griffin GA 240,802 5.19 4.24 4.20 8.29 9.57 88.85 2.83 2.76
163 State Bank of Delano Delano MN 75,889 7.84 5.58 5.43 8.32 9.59 108.38 2.93 2.78
164 Bank of Bartlett Bartlett TN 366,118 5.83 6.80 5.06 8.85 10.12 74.14 4.66 2.83
165 SunSouth Bank Dothan AL 178,207 11.64 9.67 8.63 11.20 12.45 105.37 4.07 2.84
166 Florida Capital Bank , National Association Jacksonville FL 608,993 6.77 5.50 5.19 9.47 10.74 96.61 3.12 2.88
167 First Community Bank of Crawford County Van Buren AR 77,806 9.29 6.61 4.82 6.41 7.70 98.46 4.69 2.89
168 Bridgeview Bank Group Bridgeview IL 1,103,003 8.84 5.85 6.11 8.23 9.50 112.63 2.56 2.89
169 Edgebrook Bank Chicago IL 89,443 11.17 5.28 5.30 8.20 9.48 146.50 2.92 2.90
170 The Village Bank Saint George UT 119,654 8.66 10.74 6.05 8.13 9.40 66.58 7.99 2.92
171 AnchorBank , fsb Madison WI 2,367,750 9.16 4.76 4.53 7.71 9.02 112.57 3.19 2.95
172 Benchmark Bank Gahanna OH 110,267 10.14 5.54 5.41 8.39 9.66 133.98 3.05 2.96
173 One Bank & Trust , National Association Little Rock AR 423,098 6.36 4.71 4.71 7.05 8.31 97.74 3.00 3.00
174 Arthur State Bank Union SC 536,893 6.71 4.97 4.92 5.96 7.23 101.79 3.09 3.02
175 United Midwest Savings Bank De Graff OH 185,501 7.48 5.11 5.11 7.06 8.32 117.70 3.03 3.02
176 First Federal of South Carolina , FSB Walterboro SC 105,364 6.43 4.93 4.88 9.24 10.51 98.72 3.13 3.06
177 Americana Community Bank Sleepy Eye MN 121,294 4.09 3.38 3.25 4.86 6.13 76.39 3.20 3.07
178 McHenry Savings Bank Mchenry IL 244,768 5.54 3.80 3.86 6.72 7.99 100.68 3.03 3.09
179 Landmark Community Bank , National Association Isanti MN 100,164 9.08 6.80 6.54 9.20 10.45 114.81 3.43 3.12
180 Legacy Bank Altoona IA 90,366 7.70 6.91 7.03 11.17 12.39 97.48 3.14 3.15
181 Grand Mountain Bank , FSB Granby CO 98,391 10.18 5.54 5.51 8.57 9.88 116.32 3.19 3.16
182 American Bank Bozeman MT 305,120 15.33 9.50 9.23 11.48 18.49 126.14 3.31 3.20
183 Crown Bank Ocean City NJ 564,235 17.76 11.66 11.08 12.86 14.12 132.49 3.88 3.24
184 Pilot Bank Tampa FL 202,509 7.05 8.67 6.01 8.41 9.67 70.45 6.08 3.26
185 The Bank of Perry Perry GA 111,938 8.99 7.02 7.00 9.86 11.12 105.92 3.34 3.28
186 Flagship Bank Minnesota Wayzata MN 93,659 4.77 8.67 5.01 6.47 7.72 48.15 7.15 3.29
187 Mile High Banks Longmont CO
771,659 10.32 13.53 9.28 12.80 12.90 75.92 8.01 3.29
188 PlantersFIRST Cordele GA 285,525 7.51 5.74 5.59 8.81 10.08 98.97 3.45 3.31
189 HomeStar Bank and Financial Services Manteno IL 352,671 4.74 4.21 4.14 7.36 8.67 80.06 3.44 3.36
190 Park State Bank & Trust Woodland Park CO 84,783 12.74 9.28 8.95 13.96 15.22 119.83 3.65 3.38
191 First State Bank Danville VA 39,242 4.28 4.99 4.15 5.99 7.25 67.08 4.25 3.38
192 Eastside Commercial Bank , National Association Bellevue WA 43,935 10.45 7.04 6.86 9.69 10.97 108.51 3.49 3.39
193 The Brand Banking Company Lawrenceville GA 1,527,858 10.10 10.70 7.74 9.53 10.78 81.26 6.71 3.40
194 The Wilton Bank Wilton CT 75,123 14.42 10.07 10.03 17.64 18.90 127.03 3.43 3.42
195 Citizens Commerce National Bank Versailles KY 216,747 5.54 4.39 4.32 8.53 9.82 85.75 3.50 3.44
196 Fidelity Bank of Florida , National Association Merritt Island FL 299,597 9.50 5.49 5.50 8.35 9.65 108.40 3.51 3.53
197 Village Bank Midlothian VA 486,983 9.40 6.71 6.51 9.39 10.66 106.41 3.67 3.53
198 Liberty Bell Bank Marlton NJ 172,173 6.45 6.67 6.66 9.17 10.26 86.36 3.56 3.55
199 Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company Four Oaks NC 801,282 6.52 5.61 5.19 9.64 10.91 86.79 3.88 3.56
200 Flint River National Bank Camilla GA 25,810 8.31 6.53 6.31 10.61 11.89 99.63 3.75 3.58
201 St. Louis Bank Town And Country MO 400,762 10.32 8.40 7.12 11.02 12.29 99.57 4.94 3.59
202 PNA Bank Chicago IL 121,722 7.65 3.34 3.16 4.28 5.58 107.62 3.77 3.59
203 Farmers State Bank Lumpkin GA 46,806 3.58 5.44 4.59 9.03 10.29 55.31 4.48 3.61
204 Key Community Bank Inver Grove Heig MN 42,957 9.32 6.65 6.41 9.15 10.42 102.35 3.77 3.63
205 Oswego Community Bank Oswego IL 193,878 6.95 6.55 5.52 11.05 12.33 83.63 4.71 3.64
206 Peoples Bank & Trust Co. Troy MO 419,853 8.08 6.36 6.24 9.57 10.85 93.60 3.77 3.65
207 First Mountain Bank Big Bear Lake CA 143,148 11.29 8.03 8.17 11.09 12.36 112.81 3.61 3.66
208 Brickyard Bank Lincolnwood IL 134,892 12.98 8.09 8.01 12.31 13.58 125.33 3.77 3.66
209 Premier Bank Maplewood MN 554,934 9.83 8.81 7.81 9.35 10.61 94.92 4.78 3.67
210 Prime Security Bank Karlstad MN 60,163 9.18 6.85 6.75 9.54 10.80 105.48 3.75 3.68
211 Highlands Independent Bank Sebring FL 253,681 8.17 5.53 5.50 9.04 10.32 100.77 3.73 3.68
212 Community Bank of Oak Park River Forest Oak Park IL 304,567 12.09 7.40 7.66 10.36 11.65 112.11 3.66 3.73
213 Prime Pacific Bank , National Association Lynnwood WA 122,231 7.59 8.92 6.08 8.25 9.51 70.44 6.76 3.81
214 Central Virginia Bank Powhatan VA 387,182 6.55 4.82 5.83 10.44 11.71 99.21 2.81 3.83
215 State Bank of Countryside Countryside IL 625,300 8.15 7.55 6.65 9.10 10.37 86.83 4.78 3.85
216 Communityone Bank , National Association Asheboro NC 1,424,974 7.12 6.07 6.15 10.24 11.51 92.36 3.76 3.86
217 NEW FRONTIER BANK Saint Charles MO 116,542 7.12 6.31 6.21 9.55 10.83 82.58 3.94 3.86
218 The Ohio State Bank Marion OH 112,104 3.94 5.20 4.22 5.73 6.99 57.77 4.87 3.89
219 Citizens Bank & Trust Company Eastman GA 141,145 6.14 5.68 5.82 10.78 12.04 86.06 3.71 3.89
220 PrimeSouth Bank Blackshear GA 344,140 6.96 6.11 4.90 8.43 9.73 75.67 5.18 3.93
221 Community First Bank & Trust Columbia TN 499,769 8.50 7.24 7.10 12.13 13.40 91.91 4.08 3.95
222 PATRIOTS BANK Liberty MO 88,039 8.21 8.44 7.91 12.03 13.14 89.73 4.67 4.02
223 First State Bank and Trust Tonganoxie KS 234,443 7.66 8.84 7.08 10.83 12.09 74.76 5.94 4.04
224 First National Bank in Howell Howell MI 295,337 4.41 3.50 3.40 5.02 6.31 65.56 4.16 4.06
225 Pineland State Bank Metter GA 62,463 9.18 8.90 8.32 14.59 15.85 91.22 4.68 4.09
226 The Equitable Bank , S.S.B. Wauwatosa WI 347,764 8.99 7.27 7.59 11.14 12.29 111.26 3.65 4.09
227 Neighborhood National Bank San Diego CA 97,161 11.18 6.62 6.43 10.87 12.19 102.75 4.24 4.11
228 Union State Bank Pell City AL 249,029 8.21 7.29 7.23 12.19 13.46 91.34 4.18 4.12
229 CNLBank Orlando FL 1,265,074 4.28 9.05 5.55 8.50 9.76 42.28 7.71 4.13
230 Riverland Bank Jordan MN 35,164 6.86 6.32 6.11 8.59 9.86 82.76 4.27 4.13
231 Albina Community Bank Portland OR 120,947 2.70 4.11 4.09 6.15 7.42 46.94 4.23 4.21
232 Eagle Valley Bank , National Association St. Croix Falls WI 135,986 3.97 5.55 5.46 9.47 10.72 60.95 4.27 4.21
233 Alliance Bank & Trust Company Gastonia NC 176,139 8.96 6.70 6.51 9.20 10.48 96.83 4.33 4.22
234 BankCherokee Saint Paul MN 250,366 3.94 5.62 5.57 10.23 11.49 60.44 4.32 4.25
235 First National Community Bank Chatsworth GA 131,679 8.89 8.76 8.42 15.09 16.35 90.63 4.57 4.26
236 First State Bank Wrens GA 91,101 4.33 5.37 5.71 10.12 11.37 68.07 3.95 4.26
237 First Central Savings Bank Glen Cove NY 553,445 5.59 4.74 4.79 9.21 10.50 76.69 4.22 4.27
238 Heritage Bank & Trust Columbia TN 108,159 10.66 6.54 6.38 8.54 9.84 103.34 4.44 4.28
239 California Business Bank Los Angeles CA 51,277 4.42 2.88 2.69 3.97 5.29 58.79 4.60 4.29
240 Cornerstone Bank Overland Park KS 168,471 12.82 8.49 8.44 11.00 12.27 116.22 4.38 4.31
241 The Leaders Bank Oak Brook IL 365,251 11.99 7.53 7.34 8.68 9.97 99.99 4.50 4.31
242 Community Shores Bank Muskegon MI 204,688 3.11 4.64 4.57 6.77 8.04 49.83 4.38 4.32
243 Heritage Community Bank Greeneville TN 101,826 6.06 5.62 5.56 7.66 8.93 80.38 4.39 4.32
244 Seaway Bank and Trust Company Chicago IL 554,727 12.20 7.55 7.23 17.33 18.68 108.77 4.58 4.33
245 United Bank of Philadelphia Philadelphia PA 62,371 4.97 6.34 5.76 9.29 10.55 63.80 4.84 4.34
246 Peoples Bank of East Tennessee Madisonville TN 217,496 7.92 8.20 7.92 12.50 13.76 87.78 4.67 4.37
247 Atlantic Coast Bank Jacksonville FL 748,914 3.91 5.01 5.03 8.54 9.81 61.05 4.35 4.38
248 People 's Bank and Trust Company of Pickett County Byrdstown TN 117,843 11.06 8.46 8.42 11.81 13.09 100.22 4.53 4.42
249 Gateway Bank , F.S.B. San Francisco CA 232,262 2.53 4.41 4.19 8.02 8.91 44.28 4.66 4.44
250 Brighton Bank Brighton TN 62,140 5.84 7.04 6.69 9.04 10.29 71.41 4.74 4.45
251 Park Federal Savings Bank Chicago IL 185,165 5.13 4.73 4.47 9.00 10.29 73.36 4.74 4.49
252 First Personal Bank Orland Park IL 168,501 6.45 7.64 6.58 11.81 13.08 70.96 5.59 4.49
253 South County Bank , National Association Rancho Santa Mar CA 144,911 4.94 5.44 5.30 10.91 12.21 62.06 4.67 4.53
254 Oxford Bank Oxford MI 265,882 4.87 5.44 5.43 7.73 8.99 70.39 4.56 4.54
255 NBRS Financial Rising Sun MD 218,656 4.27 4.98 4.96 7.48 8.75 61.41 4.58 4.55
256 Community Bank of Florida , Inc. Homestead FL 499,381 6.20 8.42 6.89 9.31 10.57 64.23 6.14 4.56
257 CoreFirst Bank & Trust Topeka KS 997,049 8.56 7.87 7.80 11.44 12.71 90.10 4.61 4.56
258 The Woodbury Banking Company Woodbury GA 23,245 6.34 6.71 6.33 10.13 11.39 75.46 4.89 4.58
259 First American State Bank Greenwood Villag CO 242,800 5.78 7.00 7.15 11.23 12.48 72.62 4.61 4.61
260 American Founders Bank , Inc. Lexington KY 312,507 5.34 4.92 6.26 9.43 10.68 86.54 3.20 4.64
261 The State Bank of Blue Mound Blue Mound IL 36,288 2.89 4.79 4.46 8.82 10.09 42.09 5.01 4.65
262 Highlands Union Bank Abingdon VA 597,971 4.71 6.31 5.90 8.94 10.19 62.40 5.10 4.67
263 Provident Community Bank , National Association Rock Hill SC 354,786 6.16 6.91 6.97 13.98 15.25 75.68 4.66 4.69
264 The Citizens Exchange Bank Pearson GA 29,313 6.92 8.26 8.13 20.20 21.46 77.38 4.96 4.72
265 Bank of Virginia Midlothian VA 250,370 2.52 5.31 6.15 10.05 11.25 42.46 4.08 4.73
266 Centrue Bank Streator IL 911,466 6.48 7.34 6.61 9.38 10.65 70.82 5.54 4.76
267 Doral Bank San Juan PR 7,723,436 10.42 8.65 8.43 11.54 12.80 102.80 5.03 4.77
268 The Carver State Bank Savannah GA 42,622 8.78 8.80 8.79 13.32 14.33 92.72 4.79 4.79
269 Citizens State Bank Hudson WI 140,306 3.63 5.92 5.37 7.82 9.09 48.82 5.36 4.81
270 The Citizens Bank of Logan , Ohio Logan OH 218,185 4.26 5.19 5.02 7.19 8.44 56.11 4.98 4.82
271 Colorado Community Bank Yuma CO
507,780 9.79 15.69 10.46 15.09 15.17 62.17 10.83 4.85
272 Alma Exchange Bank & Trust Alma GA 86,243 11.47 9.93 9.71 14.56 15.83 97.48 5.23 4.86
273 Allied Bank Mulberry AR 158,846 10.73 10.79 9.13 13.10 14.32 82.89 6.69 4.86
274 The First National Bank of Buhl Buhl MN 23,173 6.10 9.52 7.89 11.04 12.16 59.17 6.60 4.88
275 CoastalStates Bank Hilton Head Isla SC 417,276 5.74 8.52 6.64 10.95 12.20 60.27 6.78 4.89
276 Bank of Monticello Monticello GA 94,383 3.97 5.25 5.04 8.31 9.59 53.34 5.13 4.92
277 Home Savings Bank Jefferson City MO 27,981 10.09 8.98 8.98 16.45 17.71 101.04 4.96 4.96
278 Prairie Community Bank Marengo IL 121,008 9.11 7.12 6.70 10.51 11.81 85.97 5.38 4.96
279 Bank of Granite Charlotte NC 666,954 7.92 9.56 8.51 15.56 16.81 75.45 6.07 4.97
280 Grand Bank & Trust of Florida West Palm Beach FL 246,974 6.63 6.84 6.82 9.15 10.41 75.14 5.02 5.00
281 Ocean Bank Miami FL
3,372,470 5.30 10.74 7.05 9.99 11.24 45.07 8.87 5.01
282 Premier Bank Minnesota Farmington MN 173,418 8.23 8.38 8.47 10.73 11.82 84.64 4.95 5.02
283 Freedom Bank Columbia Falls MT 43,317 12.93 9.52 9.35 12.95 14.22 108.57 5.15 5.05
284 Citizens First State Bank of Walnut Walnut IL 57,029 4.06 6.65 5.95 12.19 13.37 49.90 5.80 5.08
285 Golden Eagle Community Bank Woodstock IL 138,845 9.09 8.22 8.35 10.15 11.36 93.32 5.00 5.10
286 First Financial Bank Bessemer AL 194,575 7.69 8.18 8.40 13.65 14.90 84.64 4.95 5.11
287 Harvest Community Bank Pennsville NJ 187,587 6.71 8.41 7.51 10.74 12.00 68.45 6.07 5.12
288 Valley National Bank Espanola NM
209,867 16.00 11.59 11.34 23.31 24.61 112.04 5.34 5.13
289 The First State Bank Barboursville WV 309,245 6.13 7.13 6.84 9.74 11.01 71.34 5.40 5.13
290 Gunnison Valley Bank Gunnison UT 74,524 12.11 9.82 9.86 11.40 12.65 107.11 5.17 5.19
291 Community 1st Bank Las Vegas Las Vegas NM
160,801 9.19 10.43 9.31 15.50 16.76 77.81 6.27 5.20
292 Bank of the Lakes , National Association Owasso OK 206,030 4.82 6.62 6.41 9.44 10.70 58.49 5.41 5.22
293 The National Republic Bank of Chicago Chicago IL 1,111,292 11.96 7.86 7.60 9.11 12.00 95.87 5.48 5.25
294 Rocky Mountain Bank Jackson WY 203,473 6.33 9.61 7.90 12.74 14.00 59.82 7.01 5.25
295 ProBank Tallahassee FL 66,198 8.86 6.98 6.88 11.19 12.48 88.64 5.31 5.25
296 Chambers Bank Danville AR 1,011,929 6.89 7.97 7.42 9.67 10.93 71.56 5.83 5.27
297 OMNIBANK , National Association Houston TX 295,831 9.81 10.53 8.38 12.23 13.50 77.39 7.48 5.28
298 Bank of Floyd Floyd VA 277,768 4.47 8.12 7.29 12.19 13.22 51.25 6.17 5.28
299 Allied First Bank , sb Oswego IL 125,649 3.20 6.84 6.28 9.43 10.68 40.36 5.86 5.28
300 North Milwaukee State Bank Milwaukee WI 89,658 8.58 7.43 7.23 10.45 11.74 84.14 5.56 5.32
301 Oxford Bank & Trust Oak Brook IL 461,761 7.33 8.50 8.28 12.34 13.60 76.31 5.54 5.32
302 Kaw Valley Bank Topeka KS 382,514 8.93 10.48 8.57 12.84 14.12 70.78 7.33 5.34
303 National Bank of Tennessee Newport TN 165,882 6.97 8.07 7.79 14.73 16.00 73.66 5.65 5.35
304 Bank of the Prairie Olathe KS 80,029 10.21 10.29 8.55 10.71 11.97 88.22 7.27 5.37
305 Lake Area Bank Lindstrom MN 272,211 8.12 9.40 8.25 11.37 12.62 71.66 6.64 5.37
306 The National Bank of Cambridge Cambridge MD 205,460 8.84 9.29 9.17 15.89 17.15 85.36 5.52 5.41
307 First Security Trust and Savings Bank Elmwood Park IL 229,304 11.30 11.21 8.05 14.76 15.73 80.60 8.64 5.43
308 Rabun County Bank Clayton GA 183,439 8.40 7.56 7.49 12.68 13.95 86.85 5.50 5.44
309 Devon Bank Chicago IL 238,300 7.28 7.67 6.94 10.11 11.36 71.38 6.21 5.47
310 The Bank of Elk River Elk River MN 357,766 4.54 8.31 5.84 8.12 9.40 42.85 7.96 5.47
311 Southeastern Bank Darien GA 373,128 9.82 9.41 9.02 16.15 17.42 86.87 5.82 5.50
312 Community First Bank , Inc. Walhalla SC 420,799 5.16 7.38 6.91 13.04 14.31 59.76 5.91 5.51
313 MBank Gresham OR 171,894 3.20 5.95 5.83 7.39 8.65 42.45 5.64 5.53
314 Community Bank of the South Smyrna GA 365,016 6.15 6.52 6.43 8.44 9.72 66.74 5.65 5.54
315 SouthPoint Bank Birmingham AL 195,674 6.41 7.89 7.61 9.85 11.11 67.81 5.79 5.54
316 Diamond Bank , FSB Schaumburg IL 173,761 6.17 3.67 5.12 6.99 8.28 89.70 4.10 5.55
317 Business Bank Burlington WA 102,223 4.47 6.53 6.73 7.80 9.06 55.40 5.41 5.58
318 Colonial Co-operative Bank Gardner MA 69,695 3.85 7.90 5.93 11.45 12.71 42.02 7.57 5.59
319 Monroe Bank & Trust Monroe MI 1,285,440 3.87 6.61 6.43 10.57 11.85 48.36 5.79 5.59
320 Union National Bank and Trust Company of Elgin Elgin IL 341,418 7.83 8.25 8.05 9.87 11.13 75.03 5.77 5.61
321 Community Bank - Wheaton / Glen Ellyn Glen Ellyn IL 354,432 4.03 6.66 6.82 10.52 11.78 52.29 5.49 5.61
322 New Peoples Bank , Inc. Honaker VA 708,237 6.29 7.52 7.04 11.80 13.08 65.32 6.09 5.61
323 Northbrook Bank and Trust Company Northbrook IL 1,675,689 5.11 8.60 7.70 10.78 12.04 54.56 6.60 5.62
324 Oriental Bank San Juan PR 8,634,964 5.31 9.66 7.34 12.19 14.23 49.32 8.00 5.63
325 Tennessee State Bank Pigeon Forge TN 729,708 10.00 9.21 9.12 12.56 13.83 90.77 5.74 5.65
326 Pan American Bank Los Angeles CA 39,606 10.86 8.00 8.23 13.77 15.05 106.27 5.51 5.67
327 Concord Bank Saint Louis MO 149,178 5.66 8.05 6.73 8.05 9.30 56.56 7.02 5.68
328 Synergy Bank , S.S.B. Mckinney TX 118,599 11.98 15.30 11.87 17.22 18.48 72.87 9.67 5.69
329 Peach State Bank & Trust Gainesville GA 137,219 7.97 8.27 7.97 11.83 13.10 78.42 5.96 5.69
330 Patriot Bank Trinity FL 122,654 6.43 12.21 8.43 10.54 12.49 48.83 9.73 5.74
331 Farmers & Merchants Bank Eatonton GA 207,247 13.24 11.99 11.66 18.11 19.37 100.01 6.17 5.75
332 Greeneville Federal Bank , FSB Greeneville TN 173,985 8.65 9.43 8.55 13.12 14.40 74.73 6.71 5.77
333 Anderson Brothers Bank Mullins SC 454,905 6.27 7.57 7.58 10.23 11.50 67.97 5.82 5.78
334 CertusBank , National Association Easley SC 1,764,744 13.27 12.83 11.63 21.26 22.52 95.34 7.00 5.80
335 Interamerican Bank , A FSB Miami FL 224,354 11.05 10.38 8.75 11.74 13.03 82.52 7.59 5.86
336 Enterprise Bank Allison Park PA 267,971 4.60 7.77 7.76 10.59 11.84 52.53 5.90 5.87
337 Texas Savings Bank Snyder TX 85,886 10.44 6.54 6.43 12.64 14.00 88.65 5.98 5.88
338 Heritage Community Bank Randolph NJ 146,259 4.58 6.63 6.67 7.78 9.05 50.46 5.86 5.89
339 LincolnWay Community Bank New Lenox IL 130,184 7.53 9.31 9.27 14.64 15.90 70.73 5.93 5.89
340 Lakeview Bank Lakeville MN 54,320 6.64 10.76 8.89 11.43 13.08 56.17 8.01 5.91
341 Layton State Bank West Allis WI 157,579 7.28 9.16 9.14 14.71 15.96 73.26 6.02 5.92
342 Banco Popular de Puerto Rico Hato Rey PR 27,515,000 7.97 9.73 8.09 11.86 14.17 68.54 7.70 5.93
343 Horizon Community Bank Lake Havasu City AZ 171,211 5.49 7.71 7.79 11.41 12.67 61.35 5.88 5.93
344 State Bank of Illinois West Chicago IL 186,783 7.51 9.28 8.60 12.57 13.83 71.78 6.71 5.94
345 Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Marks MS 128,350 5.29 9.34 8.95 11.11 11.86 53.10 6.26 5.96
346 Bank of Idaho Idaho Falls ID 239,765 4.61 7.38 7.23 11.49 12.71 51.99 6.14 5.97
Last updated by Obseedian on 08/16/2013
Changes :
7/27/2008
- Revised NPA and Texas Ratio to exclude US government guaranteed non-performing assets
- Excluded banks with Texas Ratio < 40 .
8/1/2008
John McCain is n’t boasting about a new endorsement , one of the very , very few he has received from overseas .
It came a few days ago :
“ Al Qaeda will have to support McCain in the coming election , ” read a commentary on a password - protected Islamist Web site that is closely linked to Al Qaeda and often disseminates the group ’s propaganda .
The endorsement left the McCain campaign sputtering , and noting helplessly that Hamas appears to prefer Barack Obama .
Al Qaeda ’s apparent enthusiasm for Mr. McCain is manifestly not reciprocated .
“ The transcendent challenge of our time [ is ] the threat of radical Islamic terrorism , ” Senator McCain said in a major foreign policy speech this year , adding , “ Any president who does not regard this threat as transcending all others does not deserve to sit in the White House . ”
That ’s a widespread conservative belief .
Mitt Romney compared the threat of militant Islam to that from Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union .
Some conservative groups even marked “ Islamofascism Awareness Week ” earlier this month .
Only in Japan .
A 60 year - old man , who ’s wife a few years ago , had been having a relationship with his “ girlfriend ’ for some time .
Deciding that he would move into the home of one of his children he decided the girlfriend would have to go .
This is where it gets funny .
He had developed quite an attachment to the lady so he decided that cutting her up and putting her in the garbage would be too cruel .
So he decided to dump her corpse .
In a remote wooded area .
Tied and wrapped in a sleeping bag so her corpse would have some dignity .
Weeks later , a couple who was walking their dog , discovered the corpse and called the police immediately sparking a murder investigation .
It was n’t until the forensic team arrived hours later and finally started to unwrap and investigate the corpse , that they discovered the corpse was actually a life size sex doll .
A deluxe model at that .
Police furious that they had been made to look stupid and convinced that someone was playing a joke on them , vowed in the media to find the person responsible and charge them with interfering with a police investigation .
A picture of the forensic team examining the dead sex doll is above .
After seeing the news story about his girlfriend , the old man immediately called the police to explain what happened .
Even though the old man apologized it is expected he may still may face fines for violating Japan ’s waste management laws .
Presumably they prohibit the dumping of old sex toys that looks like a real woman , in a remore wooded area .
That will teach the kinky old guy to recycle .
Via Weird Asia News
Oil prices may rise and fall , but the quest for energy security is eternal .
It is in China , at least .
China joined South Africa as the only countries with a working coal - to - liquids plant designed to turn abundant domestic coal into liquid transport fuel , Bloomberg notes .
China ’s Shenhua Group announced the plant went operational yesterday , with plans to ramp up liquids production from 13,000 barrels a day to about 240,000 barrels a day by 2015 , notes Platts .
While ...
More on : China
This is n’t exactly news to those who have been following the TIC data , but it is amusing .
Reuters reports :
" Zhang Hongli , executive vice president of the China Investment Corp ( CIC ) , said the $ 200 billion fund would be prudent in making decisions and slow the pace of its asset investments as global financial markets remained turbulent and the world economy fell into recession .
" From September of last year , CIC already adjusted its investment plans for the start of this year , " Zhang said according to the Caijing magazine Web site , which cited a report by the official Xinhua news agency .
" Now , cash is king and we will try as far as possible not to make investments , " he was reported as saying . "
Emphasis added .
Back when sovereign funds were hot , China often seemed to have two rival sovereign funds : the CIC and SAFE .
Not that sovereign funds are passe , China seems to have two rival reserve managers : the CIC and SAFE .
It kind of makes me wonder if the CIC was really willing to dramatically increase its stake in Morgan Stanley last fall -- or if it had the State Council ’s approval to do so .
To be clear -- I have absolutely zero knowledge of what really went on then .
But the gap between " cash " and 49 % of Morgan Stanley is rather large .
Word that China plans to stay in cash though does n’t seem to have filtered down to China ’s state owned mining companies .
Or perhaps to bankers looking to do deals in the mining sector .
Chinese SOEs used to strenuously deny any hint that they might get preferred access to China ’s foreign currency reserves .
Now many seem keen to highlight that they have access to cash when others do not .
MacNamara reports :
Mining executives say that with no need to answer to shareholders , many state - backed companies can take a long - term view on the country ’s demand for metals .
Although industrial activity is slowing sharply in China , the government will step up spending on infrastructure as part of a fiscal stimulus package .
In addition , Chinese state - backed companies have more access to cash than their rivals in other countries .
“ China has large foreign exchange reserves , and therefore Chinese companies which are government - backed have access to funds they can apply to assets outside China , ” said Debbie Thomas , head of metals and mining at Deloitte .
A whole lot of firms globally now rely on the government for access to funds ; Chinese firms no longer stand out .
One more subtle sign the world has changed .
Anderlini and Tucker report in today ’s FT that China was n’t all that interested in getting access to Western financial technology after all .
China ’s government let foreign banks take stakes in China ’s state banks more to increase their IPO valuations than out of a desire to have the state banks emulate the US and European bank practices .
" The foreign banks promised little and have delivered even less [ to their Chinese partners ] , " according to one person who was deeply involved in negotiations between foreign investors and Chinese banks .
" But the Chinese side did n’t really know what to ask for and were more focused on getting deals done as a precursor to very lucrative IPOs . "
At least four other people involved in foreign investments in Chinese banks have said that , although there was interest at one level of the government in introducing western management practices and risk controls , the foreign investors were mainly brought in to provide window dressing for initial public offerings .
With names such as Goldman Sachs , Bank of America and RBS on their share registers , Bank of China , China Construction Bank , Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and Bank of Communications that were technically bankrupt a few years earlier were able to achieve higher valuations when selling shares in Hong Kong and Shanghai .
This might include a bit of revisionist history : the optics of learning risk management from say RBS are n’t great right now .
But it is rather striking that few feel the need to maintain the charade that the Western banks were brought in to improve risk management at China ’s banks .
Bank of America , incidentally , may have wanted to take some of the profits from its investment in China Construction to raise a bit of capital , but was dissuaded by Chinese government pressure .
China was n’t worried that it would lose access to Bank of America ’s expertise .
But it did worry that the sale might pull China ’s stock market down .
The FT :
Bank of America last month cancelled a plan to sell more than $ 3bn worth of its shares in CCB after being told by senior government and banking officials that Beijing was unhappy with the timing of the sale , according to people familiar with the matter .
Some things , I guess , have n’t changed .
Firms that want to do ( big ) business in China still want to remain in the good graces of China ’s government .
The need for collaboration will mean accepting sanity in salaries and perks .
At American Motors , my dad cut his pay and that of his executive team , he bought stock in the company , and he went out to factories to talk to workers directly .
Get rid of the planes , the executive dining rooms — all the symbols that breed resentment among the hundreds of thousands who will also be sacrificing to keep the companies afloat .
Investments must be made for the future .
No more focus on quarterly earnings or the kind of short - term stock appreciation that means quick riches for executives with options .
Manage with an eye on cash flow , balance sheets and long - term appreciation .
Invest in truly competitive products and innovative technologies — especially fuel - saving designs — that may not arrive for years .
Starving research and development is like eating the seed corn .
Just as important to the future of American carmakers is the sales force .
When sales are down , you do n’t want to lose the only people who can get them to grow .
So do n’t fire the best dealers , and do n’t crush them with new financial or performance demands they can’t meet .
It is not wrong to ask for government help , but the automakers should come up with a win -win proposition .
I believe the federal government should invest substantially more in basic research — on new energy sources , fuel - economy technology , materials science and the like — that will ultimately benefit the automotive industry , along with many others .
I believe Washington should raise energy research spending to $ 20 billion a year , from the $ 4 billion that is spent today .
The research could be done at universities , at research labs and even through public - private collaboration .
The federal government should also rectify the imbedded tax penalties that favor foreign carmakers .
But do n’t ask Washington to give shareholders and bondholders a free pass — they bet on management and they lost .
The American auto industry is vital to our national interest as an employer and as a hub for manufacturing .
A managed bankruptcy may be the only path to the fundamental restructuring the industry needs .
It would permit the companies to shed excess labor , pension and real estate costs .
The federal government should provide guarantees for post - bankruptcy financing and assure car buyers that their warranties are not at risk .
In a managed bankruptcy , the federal government would propel newly competitive and viable automakers , rather than seal their fate with a bailout check .
Labour for Palestine ( Canada ) is proud to launch :
Jafa -- A Bulletin in Solidarity with Palestinian Workers and Unions
*** Available for download at www.caiaweb.org/labourcommittee or click HERE ( 14 mb PDF ) ***
As an initiative coming out of the first Labour for Palestine conference , held in Toronto May - June 2008 , we are pleased to bring you the first issue of Jafa : A Bulletin in Solidarity with Palestinian Workers and Unions .
Jafa will be published quarterly and aims to bring together news and analysis on the situation of Palestinian workers and unions wherever they are -- in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , citizens of Israel , refugee camps and across the diaspora .
We stand in solidarity with the 2005 call from Palestine for a campaign of boycott , divestment and sanctions against Israeli apartheid .
This call was signed by all major Palestinian trade union federations , including the Palestinian General Federation of Trade Unions .
Jafa takes its name from the Arabic acronym for the Palestinian Arab Workers Society ( Jame ' yat Alomal Al Falestiniya Alarabiya ) , the first Palestinian labour federation founded in Haifa in on March 21 , 1925 .
As part of our mandate , we hope to help in the rediscovery of the history of Palestinian trade unionism and workers ' struggles in the region .
The first issue includes articles on the deaths and harassment of Palestinian workers in the West Bank , Palestinian date - pickers in the Jordan Valley , the Palestinian Reform and Development Plan and updates on solidarity initiatives globally .
We encourage you to download Jafa at www.caiaweb.org and take copies to labour events , union offices and your workplace .
Bulk hard copies can be ordered for a small cost from labour@caiaweb.org
We also encourage submissions , letters from rank - and - file workers and unionists across the globe .
In solidarity ,
Labour for Palestine , Toronto
labour@caiaweb.org
Hey , I know I always forget to report my free car and driver - I just got used to it as a well - known blogger !
Former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle , President Barack Obama 's nominee for the secretary of Health and Human Services , paid around $ 100,000 in back taxes after his nomination to pay for a car and driver he was supplied but did not report as income , according to documents being prepared by the Senate Finance Committee .
Mr. Daschle also took two vacation trips aboard a $ 30 million corporate jet belonging to non-profit lender EduCap , which faces a separate probe by the Finance Committee into its tax status .
The issues will dominate a closed - door meeting of the committee called for Monday afternoon , according to committee aides .
His confirmation has been held up for weeks as committee staff pours over tax records and business ties of the former Senate majority leader .
A Daschle spokeswoman did n't respond immediately to requests for comment .
On the back - tax issue , Mr. Daschle was supplied a luxury car and driver by InterMedia Advisors , LLP , an investment firm specializing in buyouts and industry consolidation .
Mr. Daschle served as chairman of the firm 's executive advisory board .
He told committee staff he had grown used to having a car and driver as majority leader and did not think to report the perk on his taxes , according to staff members .
This is great news .
i Photo is utter trash .
Sure it works great out of the box , but Picasa is a much better management app than iPhoto .
I can't stand the way iPhoto takes over my library and decides how wants to organize MY stuff .
I organize my stuff by Year , then the Event .
I do n't organize by Event first .
I see where Apple is going with their organization , but I personally like to go to the year the event took place FIRST , then go to the Event SECOND .
Plus I did n't like the way iPhoto kept every copy of my edits .
That 's ridiculous .
Picasa is a MUCH MUCH better tool .
I use it in tandem with Photoshop Elements .
I am going to miss the way Myspace and Facebook ( with the Facebook tool ) will directly upload my iPhoto " Albums " though .
It 's no biggie since I only upload a few choice pics .
I also like how Picasa will move pics into new folders without having me go to " system level " to do it .
HURRAY FOR GOOGLE AND PICASA 3 !!!
In a tense and adversarial meeting at the State Department yesterday , the chairman of the Department ’s Historical Advisory Committee warned that the future of the Department ’s “ Foreign Relations of the United States ” ( FRUS ) series , which is the official record of U.S. foreign policy , is in jeopardy due to mismanagement by the Office of the Historian .
Underscoring his concerns , he announced his resignation from the Committee .
An Assistant Secretary of State rebuffed the criticism .
He accused Committee members of engaging in innuendo and ad hominem attacks , and he abruptly walked out of the meeting .
William Roger Louis , the esteemed historian who has chaired the Committee for the last five years , presented his views in a letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ( pdf ) , which he read into the public record at the December 10 meeting .
“ The Historian ’s Office has become an intolerable place to work ; the exodus of experienced historians is significant ; and the future of the Foreign Relations series is at risk , ” Prof .
Louis said .
“ My concern , along with that of all members of the committee , arises from mismanagement by the Historian himself , Dr. Marc Susser .
So large are the numbers of staff members leaving , or contemplating departure , that the integrity of the Foreign Relations series is now in jeopardy , ” he wrote .
An analysis ( pdf ) appended to Prof. Louis ’ statement said that “ This year alone the office has lost 20 % of its FRUS staff ( 7 of 35 members ) and 30 % of its FRUS staff experience ( 64 of 212 years ) . ”
In a separate memorandum to the Secretary ( pdf ) , Prof . Thomas Schwartz , another prominent historian and a former member of the Committee , echoed those concerns .
( Following the criticisms he voiced in the Committee ’s last annual report , Prof .
Schwartz ’s membership was pointedly not renewed , in what was interpreted by other Committee members as an attempt to intimidate them . )
“ Simply put , there are enormous problems within the Office of the Historian , and they stem largely from the management style of Dr. Susser , ” Prof. Schwartz wrote .
“ The forced retirement this past summer of Dr. Edward Keefer , the FRUS series editor… , was only the latest example of a management style that insisted on abject and subservient loyalty to Dr. Susser at the expense of competence and performance in the achievement of the goals of the office . ”
The criticism was rejected by the State Department .
“ I hardly think that the kind of ad hominem attacks you have engaged in are the kind of behavior we expect from respected academics , ” said Sean McCormack , the Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs .
“ To express concern about the timeliness and quality of the FRUS series is fine .
But to attack individuals in public ?
I find that objectionable . ”
“ I will not sit here and listen to personal attacks on the leadership of this office , ” he said , before exiting the meeting .
In a written reply to Prof. Louis ( pdf ) , Secretary McCormack added : “ By taking these actions , I feel you are obscuring the very thing you hope to accomplish : to raise questions about the quality of the FRUS .
I do not believe you can dispute the fact that disagreements with the Historian ’s Office have become entangled with personal issues that have nothing to do with the quality of scholarship .
While you have decided to walk away from the FRUS , I will continue in my efforts to ensure its continuing timeliness and quality . ”
Mr. McCormack also released an annotated version ( pdf ) of the Committee ’s latest annual report ( pdf ) , with point - by - point responses from the Historian ’s Office to the criticisms expressed there .
“ I regret that I have to sit hear and listen to this decline to the level of slime and innuendo , ” said Dr. Marc Susser , the State Department Historian and the principal object of Committee criticism .
“ We welcome all constructive criticism , but not personnel issues , hiring , firing , or comings and goings of staff . ”
But “ This is not a conflict of personalities , ” Prof .
Louis said , noting that his relations with the Historian had always been cordial and professional .
“ I am resigning on a point of principle . ”
At the end of the day , it remained true that there has been a significant departure of qualified staff from the Historian ’s Office , and that the FRUS series was far behind its legally - mandated schedule .
“ The Foreign Relations series … is regarded throughout the world as a model of its kind , indispensable to the American public , the Congress , and above all the Department of State itself , ” Prof .
Louis wrote in his letter to Secretary Rice .
“ It is a tribute to the US Government that such an accurate and comprehensive series exists .
In short , the Foreign Relations series stands as a symbol of commitment to openness and accountability .
It would be no less than a tragedy to allow the series to falter or decline . ”
Update : Prof. Edward Rhodes also announced his resignation from the State Department Historical Advisory Committee on December 10 .
He described his reasons in a December 2 letter ( pdf ) to the Secretary of State .
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
How did Caine 's character get out of his fix ?
The Royal Society of Chemistry has announced the winner of a competition to solve the conundrum at the end of the iconic UK film The Italian Job .
In the film , the robbers ' coach almost drives off a cliff , ending up balanced precariously on the edge , with the gang at one end and their gold at the other .
The RSC asked for ideas to get the gold off the coach before it tips over .
John Godwin from Surrey came up with the winning idea which involves draining fuel from the vehicle .
In the conclusion to the 1969 movie , Charlie Croker , played by Michael Caine , tries to reach the gold , but as he does so , the coach tips up dangerously .
Then gang leader Croker turns around and says : " Hang on a minute lads , I 've got a great idea . "
So what was the idea ?
Some 2,000 members of the public put forward their own theories .
Many of them were from children .
Twelve - year - old Thomas Nixon 's homonym solution was for the gang to sing until they all got " frogs " in their throats .
The frogs start to jump up and down which rocks the bus .
They use the " rocks " to weigh down the end of the bus .
Eventually , the gang 's throats become sore from the singing .
And with the " saw " they cut the gold bullion in half .
Because two halves make a whole - the gang could sneak the gold through the " hole " .
But the winner , John Godwin from Godalming , had a more practical solution involving a three - stage process .
First , the coach needed to be stabilised .
This involved smashing out the windows on the part of the coach overlooking the drop and smashing them inward at the front end to improve the weight ratio slightly .
One of the bullion raiders is then lowered outside and deflates the wheels to stop the coach from rocking .
Second , its weight distribution needs to be changed , particularly over the rear of the coach which is overlooking the drop .
This involves emptying the fuel tank which John Godwin discovered was at the rear of the coach .
This , he estimated , would contain 140 kg of fuel .
So ... once they 've deflated the tyres and drained the fuel tanks , how do they drive away with the gold ?
Mark Crossland , Exmouth
Read your comments and ideas
Third , he would allow a member of the team to leave the coach and bring rocks in to the front of the vehicle to ensure it was stable and the gold could be removed .
" There 're several sheets of maths here , " said John Godwin .
" It was a good long day with a calculator .
It 's more than 20 years since I saw the film - I remember thinking there must be some way of getting that gold off the bus .
" I always had an idea of how they might solve this - so when the Royal Society of Chemistry put this out to the public as a competition it seemed like the ideal opportunity to see if it would really work or to see if it was hot air . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Where in the world is Zac Sunderland ?
It has been a while since Outposts last caught up with the intrepid sailor from Thousand Oaks , who is more than halfway around the world aboard his 36 - foot sailboat and currently outside Port Elizabeth , South Africa , as he begins a potentially perilous passage around the Cape of Good Hope .
Zac , 17 , is either going to stop at Mossel Bay to await a favorable weather window , or round the cape in a straight 300 - mile shot to Cape Town , his next port of call .
It 's considered the most dangerous leg of his journey but he has already survived a confrontation with pirates and some of the nastiest weather Mother Nature can dish out , so Zac is seasoned and seemingly unfazed .
He 's also becoming rather elusive , but hopefully not reclusive , which is a characteristic older sailors who spend too much time alone at sea tend to develop .
I was supposed to receive a satellite phone call from Zac on Monday , but none came .
It 's the second time recently that we 've failed to connect .
Clearly , the teenager has more important things on his mind .
On December 9 , 1968 , Dr. Douglas C. Engelbart and the Augmentation Research Center ( ARC ) at Stanford Research Institute staged a 90 - minute public multimedia demonstration at the Fall Joint Computer Conference in San Francisco .
It was the world debut of personal and interactive computing : for the first time , the public saw a computer mouse , which controlled a networked computer system to demonstrate hypertext linking , real - time text editing , multiple windows with flexible view control , cathode display tubes , and shared - screen teleconferencing .
To commemorate this famous event , commonly known as the mother of all demos , SRI held a 40th anniversary celebration at Stanford today .
As a small tribute to the innovative ideas that made up the demo , it is befitting to mention some of the programming languages that were used by Engelbart 's team .
A few were mentioned in passing in the event today , making me realize that they are not that widely known .
The Tree Meta Language was used for describing translators , which were produced by the Tree Meta compiler - compiler .
MOL940 ( " Machine Oriented Language " for the SDS 940 ) was an Algol - like high level language for system programming which allowed the programmer to switch to machine - level coding where necessary .
Alas ( and ironically ) , I have not found the primary documents about these languages online .
Section IV of Engelbart 's Study for the development of Human Augmentation Techniques gives an account of the language and tools that were used in the project , and includes an example giving the metalanguage description for part of the Control Language .
Figure 8 in in this document is a useful overview of the system and the compilers and compiler compilers used to build it .
The tech report Development of a Multidisplay , Time - Shared Computer Facility and Computer - Augmented Management - System Research ( only the abstract of which is online ) also mentions " four Special - Purpose Languages ( SPL's ) , for high - level specification of user control functions " which sound intriguing .
The tech report specifying MOL 940 is also apparently not available online .
If I understood what Andries van Dam said , the Language for Systems Development ( LSD ) developed at Brown , which targeted OS / 360 and was based on PL/ I , was influenced by the work of Engelbart 's team .
They were also claiming to have built the first ( or one of the first ) cross-compiler .
When asked about prior work that influenced them , SNOBOL was mentioned as an important influence .
The influence the demo had on programming languages was manifested by having Alan Kay 's talk conclude the event ( he did not mention Smalltalk once in his talk , by the way , but it was mentioned a couple of times earlier in the day ) .
A new lawsuit adds an unusual dimension to all the claims of sexual deviance at Kellogg , Brown & Root .
Gregory Thomas , a former KBR employee , is suing because he says that another male employee sexually harassed him in the office while working in Iraq , and that he was fired after complaining about the abuse .
" On at least one occasion , [ the male employee ] rubbed his groin on [ Thomas 's ] desk , and said , ' You know what I 'm doing , I 'm rubbing myself on your desk , ' " claims the lawsuit , filed yesterday in Houston federal court .
Other alleged incidents include " sticky surprises " in Thomas 's work area and pictures of another man 's testicles on Thomas 's digital camera .
The employee also used a black marker to write that he " Fucking Rules " on the camera 's memory stick , according to the lawsuit .
Those incidents are far from typical office high jinks , but the situation really got serious when , according to the lawsuit , the employee spread rumors among co-workers that Thomas was a sexual predator and " liked little boys . "
After Thomas told his supervisors about this , they did nothing but implied it was his own fault , the lawsuit says .
KBR management fired Thomas in September of 2005 , after he continued to report the harassment .
Trang Q. Tran , Thomas 's attorney , was not immediately available for comment , and Hair Balls sent an e-mail to a KBR spokeswoman , but we have n't received a response .
-- Paul Knight
UPDATE : Thomas 's attorney contacted Hair Balls and said that he plans to file an amended lawsuit , with more details and additional claims of sexual harassment , as soon as all the facts are checked .
" If this guy could get away with doing sexual gyrations on my client 's desk , then other people can do whatever they like , because they see that there are no parameters . "
KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne also got back with Hair Balls , issuing a no comment .
Portugal agrees to resettle some Gitmo prisoners Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday December 13 , 2008
Print This Email This International goodwill for the incoming Barack Obama administration is already proving its worth .
In a letter published Saturday , Portugal agreed to resettle some Guantánamo prisoners , and urged its European allies to also assist the United States in closing the prison .
Some 60 prisoners among the 250 currently occupying the prison cannot be returned home , for fear they would be subject to punishment or torture in countries like Libya , China and Algeria .
It has been a point of pressing concern to human rights groups .
" The time has come for the European Union to step forward , " said Portugal 's Foreign Minister Luis Amado .
The EU " should send a clear signal of our willingness to help the U.S. government resolve this problem , namely by taking in the detainees . "
" Diplomats said the announcement by Portugal was partly a product of personal diplomacy by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice during a trip in September , " reported the Seattle Times .
" But they said it also appeared that the logjam was breaking because other countries were eager to show the incoming Obama administration that they were willing to assist in the complex challenges of closing the camp . "
The United States has reportedly been seeking to clear the detainees in question for nearly five years .
China is already home to 16 of the planet ’s 20 most heavily polluted cities -- a noxious consequence of its double - digit economic growth .
Now researchers have worse news for the nation ’s beleaguered lower classes :
The air inside their homes is up to 10 times worse than the prevailing gloom outside .
Seven of 10 homes still burn coal and wood for heat , and half of Chinese men smoke -- a toxic combination of indoor pollution that raises dire questions about the fate of this industrial giant ’s long - term public health .
Over the next quarter - century , 83 million Chinese -- a number equaling nearly a third of the total U.S. population -- will die of lung cancer and respiratory ailments unless cigarette smoking and indoor fuel - burning are reduced , a new study by Harvard ’s School of Public Health warns .
“ In many places in rural China , the roads are good , people now have cellphones and electricity , but residents are still cooking and heating with the same fuel they have used for centuries , ” said Majid Ezzati , an associate professor of international health and senior author of the study .
“ And as a result , people are dying . ”
Advertisement
In an article published this month in the Lancet medical journal , the Harvard team also concludes that programs to reduce smoking and household use of coal and biomass fuels such as wood for cooking and heating could significantly reduce the deaths .
The question , researchers say , is whether the Chinese government has the political willpower to enact sound public health policy .
“ This analysis shows that smoking and fuel use , which affects hundreds of millions of people in China , will be a defining feature of future health in that country , ” said Hsien - Ho Lin , a graduate student in the department of epidemiology at Harvard ’s School of Public Health and the lead author of the study .
Ezzati said he was working a few years ago in central China when his team noticed the high number of deaths , which residents did not seem to attribute to their household habits .
Advertisement
“ People may know when they are in the house and it ’s very smoky . . . that it ’s making them cough -- their chest may hurt and their eyes burn .
They talk about symptoms and discomfort , ” he said .
“ They know there is something that ’s not good from their living conditions .
But neither in China nor in other parts of the world do these people say : ‘ This is making me die early . ’ ”
The World Health Organization in China calls the addiction of the nation ’s 250 million smokers devastating to public health .
“ The human suffering , productivity loss on a massive scale and the billions in health costs is an epidemic , ” said Sarah England , technical officer for the WHO ’s Tobacco Free Initiative .
“ The new Harvard study is a wake - up call , but they only looked at some of the ways smoking kills in China .
Cigarettes kill a million a year there .
That ’s the highest death toll in the world by far . ”
Advertisement
But China ’s staggering rate of smoking among adult men brings a financial windfall for the government .
“ The Chinese government is the largest manufacturer of tobacco in the entire world -- larger than all of U.S. tobacco , ” Ezzati said .
“ There ’s a huge economic incentive to continue making cigarettes . ”
Though respiratory illnesses account for three of the top 10 causes of death in China , anti-smoking laws in public places are often not enforced .
Using mathematical models , the researchers determined that the gradual elimination of smoking and biomass fuel burning would prevent 26 million respiratory - related deaths and 6.3 million deaths from lung cancer by 2033 .
Advertisement
But experts in China agree that the government has not publicized the extent of the danger .
Indoor pollution is worse in rural areas and smaller cities , but even in modern Beijing , once the weather cools , men on bicycle carts wheel stacks of coal bricks for home delivery , peddling alongside European sports cars .
“ Awareness needs to be raised .
It is important to provide proper education on the subject to the civilians , ” said Yang Xudong , a professor in the Department of Building Science at Qinghua University in Beijing who specializes in indoor air quality and pollution control research .
“ There ’s not enough recognition on the subject , and the government ’s support is essential . ”
Ezzati said the solution must involve cooperation from China ’s powerful economic and energy sectors .
“ The nation ’s public health sector realizes the problem , ” he said .
“ But those who can influence a solution and those who care about it happen to be different people . ”
Advertisement
Chinese officials have recently become more sensitive to the environmental cost of the country ’s economic boom after a series of high - profile pollution accidents and worldwide reports before the Summer Olympics about its severe air pollution .
Beijing officials announced last week that they would ban half of the city ’s 3.4 million cars from the roads during periods of very heavy pollution .
On the same day , the state - run press reported that hundreds of villagers had been poisoned by contaminated water in southern China .
Ezzati said China has the resources to make changes .
“ In a country managing such fantastic growth , they can do something about this pollution once its gets on their radar screen .
The question is whether the government cares about the poorest of the poor as they do in continuing to fuel their economic boom . ”
Advertisement
--
john.glionna@latimes.com
Usually this time of year , asparagus are abundant and is on sale in every supermarket .
Beside asparagus , boneless chicken breast is also on sale , half of what I paid on a regular day .
I guess our recession really effect every business now .
I bought 2 big family packed boneless chicken breast for freezing .
Most of the time , I just grill or stir - fry boneless chicken with vegetables but decided to do something different for hubby .
Here is my Stuffed Chicken with Asparagus and Mozzarella
2 lb boneless chicken ( approx 4 pieces ) remove fat and wash
8 -10 pcs thick cut bacon
8 pc mozzarella stick
16 pc green asparagus ( removed bottom end tip )
4 stalk scallion ( wash and cut halve )
1/2 tsp salt
1/2 ground black pepper
1 : Wash and remove fat from boneless chicken breast .
Slit each boneless breast into two or three thin pieces .
Repeat the procedure until finish .
Pat dry with paper towel before seasoning with ground pepper and salt .
2:Preheat oven to 375 F. Wash asparagus and scallion .
Remove asparagus and scallion bottom end tip and cut scallion into 2 or 3 pieces .
3: Wrap 2 pieces boneless chicken over asparagus , scallion and mozzarella inside in oblong shape , then wrap again with bacon .
If a piece of bacon is not enough to cover the chicken then use 2 pieces .
4 : Place all the wrapped chicken in casserole baking dish and bake for 30 minutes or until golden brown on the surface .
Serve warm as appetizer or meal .
You can replace regular bacon with turkey bacon or replace chicken with beef .
The photo shown is uncooked Stuffed Chicken with Asparagus and Mozzarella
Humans have pondered the mysteries of Mars for thousands of years , with one question eliciting particular interest :
Is there life up there ?
While there is no good evidence that life ever existed on Mars , the tantalizing possibility that the planet may once have been able to support life garnered some of the strongest support yet this year , as the orbiters , landers and rovers recently sent to investigate our rusty neighbor gathered key evidence of the planet 's watery past , climatic shifts and other points of geology and chemistry that could have impacted the emergence of any potential Martian life .
Some of the missions that made key findings this year :
NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander studied the surface of the Martian arctic plains from its landing on May 25 until it lost power on Nov. 2 .
NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) has used its high - resolution instruments to probe the planet 's surface from orbit and just finished its two - year primary mission .
its two - year primary mission .
NASA 's Mars Exploration Rovers , Spirit and Opportunity , marked their fourth anniversary on the planet in January ( the rovers will celebrate their fifth anniversary in January 2009 ) .
Water , water everywhere ?
While many conditions are considered important for life to arise on a planet or moon , the one that is essential for life as we know it is liquid water .
So NASA scientists trying to answer the question of habitability have used the mantra " follow the water " for their missions .
Though Mars is bone dry today , scientists have known for some time that features including what look like gullies , river beds , and possibly lakebeds suggest that water once flowed on its surface .
But when that water flowed , whether or not it was hospitable to life , and whether it was the result of rainfall , melting ice or groundwater were still big questions — questions that Phoenix , MRO and other missions have helped to at least partially answer this year .
Several processes have been implicated in forming water - related surface features , including groundwater and potentially oceans ( as evidenced by MRO images ) , a lake inside a crater ( also found by MRO ) , possible hydrothermal springs ( also MRO ) , massive flash floods , and possibly even rainfall ( including some evidence from rovers ) .
Large bodies of water that persisted for a long time are prime places for life to have potentially emerged that scientists can further explore .
Evidence had originally suggested that much of the precipitation , flooding and other actions by water ended after the first billion years or so of Mars ' 4.5 billion year history , but one study from this year used MRO 's HiRISE imager and found light - toned deposits that suggest the planet was wet for a billion years longer still .
Opal deposits detected by MRO also suggest a longer wet period for Mars .
Widespread water
Another MRO study , which looked at a type of clay mineral called phyllosilicates ( clays are formed in the presence of water ) , suggests that water was more widespread on Mars ' surface than was previously thought .
Phoenix was able to confirm the presence of an underground layer of water ice in Mars ' arctic plains ( first suggested by observations from NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter made in 2002 ) .
Scientists are now poring over the data from Phoenix 's analysis of arctic dirt to see if that ice layer might once have been liquid during past periods when Mars ' orbital tilt made the north pole a warmer place .
Preliminary results suggest this may have been the case , as Phoenixdetected the signatures of clays in the surface dirt .
Whether or not any of the water held in the polar ice caps turns to liquid below the surface is not known , but another MRO study this year found that the crust below the northern polar cap was exceptionally thick , which suggests that the planet is colder than previously thought , meaning that if that does turn to liquid , it 's likely much deeper than anticipated .
Harsh or benign ?
While water has clearly been present in Mars ' past , it 's less clear how hospitable that water would have been to any potential Martian microbes or other primitive life forms .
Opportunity data , newly analyzed this year , shows water in its roving area would have been very briny — while the finding does n't rule out life entirely , even the toughest halophiles ( salt - loving ) organisms known on Earth would have trouble thriving in these salt - choked waters , scientists said .
Previous findings from the MER rovers also painted an unfriendly picture for life in another way :
They detected acidic dirt with plenty of sulfates — indicative of volcanic activity — that suggest that the water that once existed in the areas of the planet they are exploring ( closer to the equator ) was acidic and therefore less hospitable to life .
But a recent analysis of MRO data found pockets of the surface that may have escaped the acid bath .
The orbiter detected signatures of carbonates , which dissolve in acids ; their presence indicates that some areas of the surface were less hostile to life and could have preserved signatures of any life that may have persisted there .
Phoenix also found signs of a more pleasant place for potential life , with its instruments indicating that the dirt at its landing site is alkaline ( a surprise to scientists given the acidic nature of the surface elsewhere ) .
Samples of Martian dirt dug up by Phoenix also showed signs of perchlorate , a compound that could act as an energy source for Martian microbes .
MRO also detected a curious signature that could indicate life was once present on the surface : reduced iron .
On Earth , reduced ( or ferrous ) iron is generally formed by microorganisms , though other processes , such as reaction with organic carbon brought by a comet impact could account for the signature .
Cycling climate
Understanding the climate of Mars , both past and present , is also important to gauging the planet 's potential habitability , and various missions have contributed to the picture of Mars ' climate this year .
It was known that Mars ' climate changes as its orbital axis wobbles ( changes angles ) , with the poles and equator alternately warming and cooling .
Evidence of this showed up in new MRO images that suggest past equatorial glaciers and repeated episodes of glaciation on Mars .
MRO has even found current glaciers outside of Mars ' polar regions , buried beneath aprons of debris ( which keep the ice from sublimating ) , which likely formed under a different climate regime than currently governs the planet .
Variations in sediment layers observed by MRO also provide evidence for the effects that Mars ' changing climate can have on the surface of the planet .
Above the surface , the European Space Agency 's Mars Express orbiter detected dry ice ( or frozen carbon dioxide ) clouds in Mars ' atmosphere that cast shadows on the surface below and affect regional weather and wind patterns .
Phoenix also observed clouds overhead , which increased as the landing site transitioned into northern hemisphere winter .
The lander even observed snow falling from high in the air and frost forming at the surface .
Phoenix also monitored the cycling of water between the surface and the atmosphere from night to day .
In warmer , wetter times , more water droplets may have stuck to the surface , creating a film of water that some microbes are capable of living in .
While these findings have filled in some pieces in the puzzle of Mars ' past , there are still many holes left to fill in .
The MER rovers , MRO and other orbiters and the upcoming Mars Science Laboratory ( delayed until 2011 in November ) and MAVEN missions will all aim to find more clues that will help scientists put together a bigger picture of Mars or Mars ' past , especially its habitability .
In an effort to get back on the blogging saddle , here ’s a little note on default values in Python .
In Python there are often default values .
The most typical default value is None —
None is a object of vague meaning that almost screams “ I ’m a default ” .
But sometimes
None is a valid value , and sometimes you want to detect the case of “ no value given ” and None can hardly be called no value .
Here ’s an example :
def getuser ( username , default =None ) : if not user_exists ( username ) : return default ...
In this case there is always a default , and so anytime you call getuser ( ) you have to check for a None result .
But maybe you have code where you ’d really just like to get an exception if the user is n’t found .
To get this you can use a sentinel .
A sentinel is an object that has no particular meaning except to signal the end ( like a NULL byte in a C string ) , or a special condition ( like no default user ) .
Sometimes people do it like this :
_no_default = ( ) def getuser ( username , default=_no_default ) : if not user_exists ( username ) : if default is _no_default : raise LookupError ( " No user with the username %r " % username ) return default ...
This works because that zero- item tuple ( ) is a unique object , and since we are using the comparison default is _no_default only that exact object will trigger that LookupError .
Once you understand the pattern , this is easy enough to read .
But when you use help ( ) or other automatic generation it is a little confusing , because the default value just appears as ( ) .
You could also use object ( ) or [ ] or anything else , but the automatically generated documentation still wo n’t look that nice .
So for a bit more polish I suggest :
class _ NoDefault ( object ) : def __repr__( self ) : return '( no default ) ' NoDefault = _ NoDefault ( ) del _NoDefault def getuser ( username , default =NoDefault ) : ...
You might then think “ hey , why is n’t there one NoDefault that everyone can share ? ”
If you do share that sentinel you run the risk of accidentally passing in that value even though you did n’t intend to .
The value “ NoDefault ” will become overloaded with meaning , just as None is .
By having a more private sentinel object you avoid that .
A single nice sentinal factory ( like _NoDefault in this example ) would be nice , though .
Though really PEP 3102 will probably make sentinals like this unnecessary for Python 3.0 .
Note that you can also implement arguments with no default via * args and ** kwargs , e.g. :
def getuser ( username , * args ) : if not user_exists ( username ) : if not args : raise LookupError ( ... ) else : return args [ 0 ]
The notion that blogging , or the blogosphere may be dead or in its death throws is nearly as old as blogging itself .
Some predicted blogging would die with the introduction of advertising , and yet it boomed instead .
That blogging and the blogosphere is changing is a given ; it always has been changing , and I ’d suggest that it always will .
The latest round of blogging / blogosphere is dead angst started with a classic piece of link bait from Paul Boutin in Wired , and was followed up this week an article in The Economist arguing that blogging is no longer what it was because it has entered the mainstream , then a post from Nick Carr arguing that the blogosphere is dead .
The Economist ’s piece is the better of the two , arguing that the top of the blogosphere is today indistinguishable from the mainstream media .
The correlation between change and pioneers calling death is notable ; profound may not be the best description but it most definitely is accurate and a line so well put that it will likely be used many times again in the future .
Carr though makes the mistake of taking the blurred lines at the top of the blogosphere as somehow being representative of the blogosphere as a whole being dead .
It ’s a myopic mistake often made by those at or near the top themselves who spend little time outside of that space ; a classic case of being unable to see the wood from the trees .
The blogosphere is alive , well and kicking .
In arguing with Carr , it ’s important to recognize that I actually agree with most of what he has written .
Blogging has come to be dominated by large commercial concerns in a short space of time .
Top blogs have often become bloated , and are often difficult , if not impossible to differentiate from mainstream media sites .
However , there are millions of reasons why Carr ’s equation that the blogosphere is dead based on a sample size weighed exclusively at the top .
Millions of blogs are updated daily around the world , and that figure only applies to traditional standalone blogs .
Blogging is a feature built into social networking platforms , and tens of millions update their Facebook or MySpace pages daily , or any number of related social networking services .
Twitter has led the boom in microblogging , and although we may argue about recognizing Twitter as a blogging service , it is in form a style of blogging , be it different to the traditional long form .
The blogosphere is n’t dead because the top 100 blogs are commercial concerns ; these figures only prove what The Economist argues , that blogging at the top has become mainstream .
Blogging 2.0
Blogging 2.0 has emerged in response to the blind commercial shift at the top of the blogosphere .
The idea of linking and sharing was the foundation of blogging , so is n’t new , but the tools in the blogging 2.0 space allow people to re-embrace that strong link economy tradition that has slowly disappeared at the top .
It ’s not that linking and sharing ever stopped either ; I spent a lot more time on political blogs lately , and the traditions of blogging are alive and well , even without the use of blogging 2.0 tools .
But the rise of blogging 2.0 is a counter - point to the shift away from those traditions .
Blogging as a term is becoming irrelevant
A better discussion is not whether the blogosphere is dead , because ultimately it is n’t nor perhaps will it ever be , at least for a long time to come , but whether blogging as term is irrelevant .
It is difficult to identify a top blog from a mainstream media site , not only due to the move towards commercialism at the top of blogging , but as mainstream media has itself adopted blogging , or blog like tools ( such as commenting ) as they scramble to survive .
I ’m proud to call The Inquisitr a blog , but I ’d suggest that the majority of people visiting this site will never realize that we are a blog , and I do n’t really care that they do n’t .
The label is n’t important , because it ’s the content that counts .
I laugh when I read surveys showing that less people are reading blogs , because other surveys have also shown that many people can’t identify a blog anyway ; blog readership is n’t in decline , it just comes back to that blend of blogging and mainstream media that means that blog readers may not know that they are reading blogs .
Blogging will not die , at least in the short to medium term , but the need to call what we are doing blogging may die in the space of years , as it is already in many ways .
The blogosphere as such may also die but only in description , because the relationships , link economy and product will always remain , even if it no longer earns a distinct title away from the mainstream or other forms of online publishing .
Conclusion
The ability to reflect on where we have been , and where we are going is important in understanding the space and its apparent place in history .
The future will be blogged , even if its called something completely different .
The blogosphere will go on , perhaps in different ways not yet imagined , but ultimately it comes back to the people and camaraderie that has delivered us to this point .
Long live the blogosphere .
Según el portavoz del ejército con la estrella de David , la escuela , transformada en centro de recogida de prófugos fue atacada por error durante una batalla entre sus tanques y milicianos de Hamas .
Es la cuarta escuela gestionada por la ONU que bombardea Israel desde que comenzara hace 22 días la operación Plomo fundido .
En [… ]
Según el portavoz del ejército con la estrella de David , la escuela , transformada en centro de recogida de prófugos fue atacada por error durante una batalla entre sus tanques y milicianos de Hamas .
Es la cuarta escuela gestionada por la ONU que bombardea Israel desde que comenzara hace 22 días la operación Plomo fundido .
En la fotosecuencia parece evidente que la escuela fue atacada con bombas de fósforo , prohibidas en las convenciones internacionales .
xobs , a developer at chumby , showed me one of the coolest things I ’ve seen in a while on a chumby : a full port of Quake .
He got the whole thing running under SDL and hacked up the event layer so that the accelerometer ( tilting ) is used to move in the game , the bend switch is used to fire , and a touch anywhere on the screen is used to jump / activate items .
So now you can hug a Linux computer and frag bad guys at the same time .
Practical ?
no .
Cool ? yes .
Below is a video of the loading screen plus a quick sample of the gameplay .
[ flashvideo filename=http://files.chumby.com/hacks/quake_gameplay.flv /]
As you can see the frame rate is very playable on this little 350 MHz ARM9 i.MX21 CPU , although I had a little trouble holding the camera and playing at the same time , while finding a good angle for filming .
I never really equated chumby in my mind with a video - game capable system like this , but that ’s the joy of open source — people will do things with the hardware that you never expected or had in mind when you designed it .
I love it !
You can find out more about how he did it in the chumby developer forum , and if you own a chumby you can download a USB dongle image that lets you play it ( and if you do n’t own a chumby , you can get one ) .
And , xobs was fastidious about keeping compliant with the GPL and immediately posted the source tarball as well for you to peruse .
By Brian Henry
“ I ’ve seen some small mummies in my day , but this Planet of the Miniature Mummies easily blows away all of my previous bandaged - corpse experiences , ” intoned Anthropology Specialist Letitia Stone - Stone , looking over the sandy Ulgan Plain .
Commander Hendricksen turned and narrowed his eyes , looking at Stone - Stone with the piercing , authoritative stare that had made him a favorite with the public speaking instructors at Space Academy .
“ How small do you expect these mummies to be , Specialist ? ”
Stone - Stone made a size indication with one hand , as though holding a small pebble between her thumb and forefinger .
“ That ’s pretty small , ” Hendricksen agreed .
He was trying to hide his immense bitterness , the nearly palpable rage boiling underneath his stolid , bronzed exterior , at being assigned to this childish mini-mummy mission , when his fellow commanders were taking on major , regular - sized assignments , like exploring the vast mammoth - inhabited ice - tundra of Velcron 6 or tracking down the insidiously obscure hideout of the marauding , bloodthirsty space pirate known only as Deathbeard .
“ Tell me something , Specialist Stone - Stone .
Do n’t you ever feel the urge to investigate a life - size mummy ? ”
Hendricksen could n’t keep the sneer out of his voice as he gazed at the lithe and well - complected Stone - Stone and her thematically - appropriate mummy earrings .
“ These mummies are life - size , to themselves , ” she responded with anthropological rectitude .
“ Look !
A mummy has fallen into my trap ! ”
Stone - Stone knelt down and extracted a test tube she had buried earlier that afternoon in the dry earth of the planet ’s surface to form a miniature glass pit .
She held the tube up triumphantly to the eerie lime - green light of the Planet of the Miniature Mummies .
There could be no mistaking her success : at the bottom of the tube , bumping in repeated frustration against the glass walls in slow - brained bewilderment , was a mummy the size of a medium - length salted peanut .
It was covered in tiny , multi- layered mummy - like wrappings of faded beige gauze , with bandage bits hanging off of it in raggedy unravelings .
Peering through a miniscule space between two stripes of tiny head bandaging , Hendricksen could barely make out a pinprick pair of eerie , kumquat - orange mummy eyes .
“ Ouch ! ” cried Hendricksen .
Stone - Stone looked down at the Commander ’s masculine , hairy and uncovered legs .
“ I advised you not to wear shorts on The Planet of the Miniature Mummies , ” she chided .
Hanging on to a lower portion of Hendricksen ’s calf were two angry , remarkably tiny mummies , sinking their centuries - old teeth into his unprotected leg flesh .
“ I thought you were just concerned about being attracted to my abundant leg hair ! ” snapped the resolutely masculine Henricksen , who always wore shorts on his missions , as long as the atmospheric make - up of the planet allowed it .
Hendricksen shook his leg vigorously , but the mummies , who were nothing if not resilient after centuries of patient survival in the arid , miniature deserts of the Planet of the Miniature Mummies , maintained their dental grip , sending waves of curse - inflicting pain up Hendricksen ’s leg .
“ Where ’s your mummy repellent ? ” barked Hendricksen .
Stone - Stone rummaged through her Space Command - issued Space Purse .
“ Repellent will do you no good now .
Mummies are impervious to chemically induced nausea when they ’re avenging a captured fellow mummy .
I will have to vanquish them with a recitation of the Ancient Curse of Tumkin Rah . ”
“ They ’re impervious to repellent but they ’ll listen to a creaky old curse ? ”
“ Hold still , damn it !
We do n’t have much time . ”
Stone - Stone was not exaggerating .
She looked behind Hendricksen , who was hopping in a painful , hairy - legged fit .
On the supermarket - sized desert plain , an entire brigade of miniature mummies was approaching them , with the characteristic extended - arm , somnolent - stepping march of mummies on the move .
Stone - Stone took from her Space Purse a life - sized sandstone replica of the tablet of Tumkin Rah , which was actually extremely small since Rah was himself a long - dead ruler of tiny mummies , who was tall for his ethnic group but still extremely short from a human perspective , and began to intone the curse .
“ Saw saw zembo .
Zembo kin saw saw . ”
“ It ’s not working ! ” screamed Hendricksen , who was increasingly surprised at the amount of pain that could be caused by mummies no larger than the fingernail on one of his pinkies .
He lifted his hands to the green sky in a spasm of desperation , his mouth open in a panoramic scream , and then fell to the ground .
“ Silly me , ” said Stone - Stone .
“ They ca n’t hear the nuances of the curse because I ’m reading it in my normal , large voice .
I have to miniaturize my pronunciation .
It ’s one of the first things we learned in my Small - Scaled Civilizations seminar . ”
Stone - Stone began to carefully reshape her lips to create a tiny , miniature - curse - appropriate opening , but failed to notice , with her mind intent on bringing her mouth down to size , that four inconspicuous mummies had climbed up her jumpsuit and were clambering over her lips to assault her throat .
“ Saw saw zembo , ” Stone - Stone said again , this time in a mouse - like , carefully shaped whisper .
But she was barely able to enunciate the first part of the curse when she went into a harsh choking fit .
The small squadron of mummies , small both in size and number , were choking the anthropologist from inside , blocking her esophagus .
Hendricksen looked up in exquisite pain at the mottled face of the asphyxiated Stone - Stone .
He gaped in horror as she tottered , his final moments filled with a realization of her horrible fate .
The last thing she tasted was the musty , rust - tinged flavor of decaying mummy bandages as she gagged fruitlessly , her body tumbling to the dry and ruthless ground where lay next to the similarly lifeless body of her shorts - garbed colleague on the Planet of the Miniature Mummies .
As a computer scientist I 'm always looking to improve my knowledge of the subject .
There are lots of great sources of information available online , but nothing really beats the depth of knowledge that you can find in a book .
It is possible to get the best of both worlds though , as many books are now available online in full , and free of charge !
Below is a selection of 25 of the best free computer science books that I 've found online , with a brief description of each one .
Where the book is also available in printed form I 've included a link to Amazon , using my affiliate link .
If you 'd like to buy one of the books but would rather not help towards the cost of running this blog then you can search for the books directly on the Amazon site .
Become
An X coder A guide to MacOSX development with Cocoa using Objective - C.
The book contains lots of examples and detailed screenshots .
The Cathedral and the Bazaar Eric Raymond 's brilliant book about Open Source software , and its impact on software development projects .
View on Amazon
Data Structures and Algorithms with Object - Oriented Design Patterns in Java Also available in C# , Python , Perl , Ruby , Lua , C++ and PHP versions .
View on Amazon
Dive Into Accessibility Another Mark Pilgrim guide , on creating accessible websites .
Dive Into Greasemonkey Greasemonkey is a Firefox extension that allows you to write scripts that alter the web pages you visit .
Mark Pilgrim presents lots of example code and case studies in this book .
Getting Real
The influential book from 37 Signals which describes a smaller , faster , and better way to build web based software .
Getting Started with awk Awk is the perfect tool for many system admin tasks .
This book contains loads of great examples , and will turn you into an awk master in no time !
Git Magic
A complete guide to the popular distributed version control software Git , from Linus Torvolds .
GPU Gems NVidia 's book on GPU graphics programming covers topics such as lighting , shadows , modelling materials , and performance issues .
View on Amazon
How to Design Programs
An introduction to computer programming and designing programs with the Scheme programming language .
View on Amazon
Introduction to Design Patterns in C++ with Qt 4
From the book itself : C++ is taught " The Qt way " , with an emphasis on design patterns , and re-use of open source libraries and tools .
By the end of the book , the reader should have a deep understanding of both the language and libraries , as well the design patterns used in developing software with them .
View on Amazon
Learn You a Haskell for Great Good !
A funny title , but a serious book about the purely functional programming language Haskell .
Linux Device Drivers
An O'Reilly guide on how Linux device drivers work , and developing your own .
View on Amazon
Linux Network Administrator 's Guide An O'Reilly guide to to network administration on Linux , covering topics such as configuration , firewalls , and DNS .
View on Amazon
Logic , Programming and Prolog ( PDF ) Broken up into three parts : Foundations , Programming in Logic , and Alternative Logic Programming Schemes .
This books covers both the theory and practice of logic programming with Prolog in detail .
View on Amazon
The OpenGL Programming Guide Also known as " The Red Book " , this guide tells you all you need to know about the 3D graphics programming library .
View on Amazon
PHPUnit Pocket Guide
The official documentation of the PHP unit testing framework .
Contains everything you need to know to start writing automated tests for your PHP code .
Practical Common Lisp An introduction to Common Lisp .
Covers the language in detail , and goes on to describe lots of real life software projects such as spam filters and an network enabled MP3 player .
View on Amazon
Programming in Lua A complete guide to the popular lightweight scripting language , written by its chief architect .
View on Amazon
Programming Ruby : The Pragmatic Programmer 's Guide A guide to the popular programming language Ruby from the Pragmatic Programmers .
View on Amazon
The Scheme Programming Language A complete guide to the Scheme programming language .
View on Amazon
Software Engineering for Internet Applications
The textbook for an MIT course with the same name .
This book discusses issues related to building online application , including user registration , content management , and scaling .
View on Amazon
SQL for Web Nerds Written by MIT professor Philip Greenspun , this book aims to teach SQL from a real world perspective rather than from a theoretical standpoint .
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
A classic computer science text that teaches some advanced programming concepts using Lisp .
View on Amazon
A Tutorial on Pointers and Arrays in C An extremely detailed tutorial ( 10 chapters ) on pointers and arrays in C .
It starts with a description of a pointer and ends with function pointers .
That is just a selection of some of the great books that are available for free online .
If you do n't know where to look for more a good place to start looking try my top 10 free python books post .
I 'm sure I 'll be posting about more in the future too , so be sure to subscribe !
Jessica Alba ' Club Campari ' 2009 Calendar ( PHOTOS )
The 10th anniversary edition of the Campari Calendar features actress .
She will appears at a special invitation only event in Milan , Italy tonight and will walk the red carpet with a host of other celebrities .
The 27 year old mother was photographed by the famed photographer Mario Testino .
The artwork was shot over several days in Malibu , with a theme of ' Club Campari ' .
The Campari Calendar is a limited edition of only 9,999 copies that are distributed internationally .
It is rapidly becoming one of the world 's iconic artistic calendars .
The subject of the 2008 calendar was Eva Mendes and the 2007 pick was Salma Hayek .
Alba , married to actor Cash Warren , gave birth to a daughter , Honor Marie Warren in June .
She remarked that the photo shoot allowed her to play out " this sort of bombshell " .
The pics captured the gorgeous Alba in swimsuits and evening wear .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Eva Mendes 2008 Calendar pics
NEW YORK - A 31 - year - old law
designed to put an end to " redlining " and other restrictive practices
that effectively shut poor and minority families out of home - ownership
and neighbourhood development is being attacked by conservative
commentators as a major cause of today 's sub - prime mortgage mess .
The charge is being incessantly repeated by some of the so - called mainstream media as well as by right - wing bloggers .
For many years , local and regional banks were happy to take deposits
from people who lived in deprived neighbourhoods .
A large proportion of
these depositors were members of racial minority groups .
But the banks did not extend credit to these depositors .
Small
businesses did not receive finance .
Mortgage loans were not made .
Supermarkets and other shops were not built , forcing residents to
travel miles for their household needs .
Local jobs dwindled .
Crime
rose .
Riots broke out in some cities in the U.S.
Whole neighbourhoods
fell apart .
Then , in 1977 , when Jimmy Carter was president of the U.S. ,
Congress passed the Community Reinvestment Act ( CRA ) .
The Act required
federally regulated and insured financial institutions to show that
they were lending and investing in their communities .
Initially , some local and regional banks opposed the measure .
To these , it represented unnecessary government interference in the
private sector and mired them in what they saw as a sea of additional
paperwork .
But over the years , these banks have largely become adjusted
to the requirements of the CRA .
Today , most regard it as normal " cost
of doing business " .
The key words here are " federally regulated and insured
financial institutions " -- which means commercial banks and thrift
organisations .
Not included were investment banks , mortgage brokers , and the
now - bankrupt non-bank lenders such as New Century Financial Corp. and
Ameriquest that underwrote most of the subprime loans that we now know
were so toxic .
The reason is that these private non-bank lenders were
regulated by 50 different state banking supervisors instead of the
federal government -- which effectively meant they were not regulated
at all .
And those who champion the CRA point out that the default rate
on CRA mortgages is far below the national average and many times lower
than the sub - prime mortgages written by unsupervised lenders .
Ellen Seidman , director of the U.S. Office of Thrift
Supervision under President George H.W. Bush ( the current president 's
father ) and now an official at the New America Foundation , told IPS ,
" In the 30 years since its enactment , CRA has generated major changes
in the manner in which banks and thrifts view and serve low - and
moderate - income communities and consumers . "
Federal housing data shows it was the unregulated private
sector -- not the government or government - backed companies -- that was
responsible for the explosion of subprime lending at the core of the
crisis .
According to the Federal Reserve Board , more than 84 percent of
the subprime mortgages in 2006 were issued by private unregulated
lending institutions and private firms made nearly 83 percent of the
subprime loans to low - and moderate - income borrowers that year .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Nor does the timing correspond .
Subprime lending offered
high - cost loans to the weakest borrowers during the housing boom that
lasted from 2001 to 2007 .
Subprime lending was at its height from 2004
to 2006 .
Conservative critics of the CRA also claim that the Bill
Clinton administration pushed industry giants Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac
to purchase risky sub - prime mortgage loans made to people with known
poor credit histories .
These entities have operated since 1968 as government
sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) .
This means that , although the two
companies are privately owned and operated by shareholders , they were
assumed to be protected financially by the support of the federal
government -- and now , both have been taken over by the government .
Fannie Mae was created in 1938 as part of President Franklin Delano
Roosevelt 's New Deal .
The collapse of the national housing market in
the wake of the Great Depression discouraged private lenders from
investing in home loans .
Fannie Mae was established in order to provide
local banks with federal money to finance home mortgages in an attempt
to raise levels of home ownership and the availability of affordable
housing .
But Fannie and Freddie are n't lenders , to minorities or anyone else .
They purchase loans from private lenders who actually underwrite the
loans .
In an effort to promote affordable home ownership for minorities
and rural whites , the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD )
set targets for Fannie and Freddie in 1992 to purchase low - income loans
for sale into the secondary market that eventually reached 52 percent
of loans given to low - to moderate - income families .
But these loans , and those to low - and moderate - income
families , represent a small proportion of overall lending .
Between 2004
and 2006 , when subprime lending was exploding , Fannie and Freddie went
from holding 48 percent of the subprime loans to holding about 24
percent .
Among the reasons is that Fannie and Freddie were supervised
by far more robust standards than most of the unregulated players in
the private sector .
Most of these unregulated players have now gone
bankrupt or are in serious legal trouble .
During the same three - year period , these same unregulated
private investment banks dominated the mortgage loans that were
packaged and sold into the secondary mortgage market .
According to
McClatchy News Service , in 2005 and 2006 , the private sector
securitised almost two - thirds of all U.S. mortgages , supplanting Fannie
and Freddie .
Ellen Seidman , who successfully presided over the thrift
crisis in the 1980s and 1990s -- the failure of 2412 savings and loan
associations -- testified to Congress that " Billions , perhaps
trillions , of dollars of credit and investment has come into these
communities spurred , incented , or directed by the Act and collateral
laws such as the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act ( HMDA ) , various
anti-discrimination statutes , and obligations placed on Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac .
And while there was a time when those subject to CRA
complained bitterly about it , in general that time has passed . "
But despite a substantial body of evidence to the contrary ,
conservative critics of the CRA continue to blame it for the nation 's
economic woes .
Conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer wrote recently that while
the goal of the CRA was admirable , " it led to tremendous pressure on
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- who in turn pressured banks and other
lenders -- to extend mortgages to people who were borrowing over their
heads .
That 's called subprime lending .
It lies at the root of our
current calamity . "
And on FOX News , commentator Neil Cavuto remarked , " I do n't
remember a clarion call that said Fannie and Freddie are a disaster .
Loaning to minorities and risky folks is a disaster . "
That last point , of course , is debatable .
I personally like the taste of younger whiskeys , in which the raw spirit battles against the mellowing effects of barrel aging .
But Ethan referred to them as “ entry - level bottles , ” intended to entice consumers to climb a brand ’s hierarchy to the more costly older bottlings .
We ended up with 18 bottles of 12 - year - old Scotch , along with two 13 - year - olds and one 10 - year - old .
Incidentally , the age statement tells you the age of the youngest whiskey in the blend .
So , a 12 - year - old single malt is made of whiskeys at least 12 years old .
Image Credit ... Lars Klove for The New York Times
The distillers issue seemingly endless variations on their bottlings , so some of the malts in our tasting were limited editions , like our No. 1 , the Balvenie Signature , which marked the 45th year of whiskey - making of Balvenie ’s distiller .
It was complex , with long , lingering , delicious flavors .
But if you ca n’t find this one we also liked many standard bottlings , like our No. 7 , the Balvenie DoubleWood , so called because the whiskey is aged first in barrels that had previously been used for bourbon , and then in oloroso sherry barrels .
The retail selection becomes especially confusing with the profusion of independent bottlings , as with our No. 2 malt .
The distiller , Glen Grant , does not issue a 12 - year - old whiskey .
But an independent bottler , Gordon & MacPhail , bought whiskey from Glen Grant and issued a 12 - year - old , which we found wonderfully intriguing , combining fruit flavors with more austere smoky , medicinal touches .
The rest of our top 10 , though , were standard bottlings , which should be easier to find .
We especially liked the Tamdhu 10 - year - old , our best value at $ 30 , which had a touch of sweetness along with waxy floral aromas , and the Cragganmore , which was on the smoky , earthy side .
The level of quality was so high that not all the malts we favored made the list .
Pete especially liked the Aberlour , which reminded him of a hot toddy , and Florence loved the smoky BenRiach .
I very much enjoyed an independent bottling of Longmorn from McGibbon ’s Provenance , which I thought was delicate and complex .
While the Glenlivet and the Glenfiddich made our top 10 , the Macallan did not .
We all felt it seemed a bit too simple .
Aside from the diversity of expressions , single malt has its diversity of uses .
Florence said she enjoys a glass before dinner , in front of a fire .
Ethan spoke of drinking single malt with a fine steak , and with oysters , which speaks to Scotch ’s versatility .
I love a glass late at night , with a book .
Pete is partial to the late - night dram as well .
In fact , I can think of only one place where a good single malt will almost never be found : in a cocktail .
Tasting Report : From Just One Region , a Range of Flavors and Styles
The Balvenie Signature Batch 001 12 Years Old 86 Proof
The flamboyant aristocrat was also famous for his eccentric lifestyle and appearance : he is said to have lost his nose in a drunken duel as a student and used various prostheses of gold , silver and copper .
His favourite pet was a moose that entertained the guests at his castle on the island of Hven off the Danish coast , accompanied by a supposedly clairvoyant dwarf named Jepp .
The moose died after falling down the stairs following a dinner party when it was given too much beer to drink .
Yeela Raanan says she would prefer not to know about the war in Gaza .
She does n't want to see the pictures of dead children cut down by Israeli shells or read of the allegations of war crimes by her country 's army as it kills Palestinians by the hundreds .
But there is no escape .
Raanan can hear the relentless Israeli bombardment by air , sea and land from her home , just three miles from the Gaza border .
Hamas rockets keep hitting her community .
And somewhere in the maelstrom of Gaza , her 20 - year - old son is serving as an Israeli soldier .
" I 'd rather not know .
I can't do anything about it .
We did n't see the pictures of the Palestinian kids who were killed .
It 's easier not to feel , " she said .
" I just turn on the news for five minutes a day and that 's it , just to see if anybody says anything about my kid . "
But when Raanan thinks about her son - whom she prefers not to name - she also thinks about Palestinian mothers and their sons in Gaza .
And that 's when she finds her herself out of sync with the neighbours .
" I do n't talk to the neighbours about it any more , " she said .
" Hamas is violent .
Hamas is stupid .
I do n't like what they are .
But I do n't feel angry towards them .
I understand why they were elected , I understand why they act as they do . "
Attempting to understand has earned Raanan , a former operations officer in the Israeli air force , denunciations as a traitor and accusations of " selling her nation to the devil " .
Does n't she love her son ? , they ask .
The world has reeled in horror at revelations of Israeli atrocities as the Palestinian death toll has climbed toward 800 .
The International Red Cross was so outraged it broke its usual silence over an attack in which the Israeli army herded a Palestinian family into a building and then shelled it , killing 30 people and leaving the surviving children clinging to the bodies of their dead mothers .
The army prevented rescuers from reaching the survivors for four days .
Israel 's shelling of a UN school that had been turned into a refugee centre near Gaza city , killing 42 people who had fled the fighting , drew further accusations of indifference to civilian lives .
And Israel has struggled to justify the eradication of entire families , including small children , in pursuit of Hamas officials .
But ordinary Israelis have been told little about this and when they are they generally brush it aside with assertions that it is sad but Hamas has brought it on the Palestinian people .
Israel is the real victim , they say .
The mainstream Israeli press has stuck firmly to the official line that it is a war of defence , a moral conflict forced on Israel by Hamas rocket fire .
The scale of Palestinian civilian casualties is played down .
The dead are overwhelmingly described as terrorists .
The accounts of entire Palestinian families being wiped out are buried beneath stories of the Israeli trauma at Hamas attacks .
" The news said the Israeli army had killed 100 ' terrorists ' and also a bomb fell and 40 lost their lives , " said Raanan about the shelling of the UN school .
" That was more or less the rhetoric that was used , so the focus was on the fact that we had managed to kill terrorists rather than we had also killed 40 other people .
We were n't told who they were . "
There are alternative voices in the press , but they are mostly dismissed or shouted down .
Israeli Arabs who protested against the war have been arrested for undermining national morale .
Television anchormen berate critics of the onslaught on Gaza , questioning their patriotism .
The paradox of Israel is that most of its citizens tell the pollsters they agree with Raanan and the peace lobby that there should be a negotiated agreement of the establishment of a Palestinian state .
But a significant number of Israelis now question whether this is possible .
They view the continued conflict after Ariel Sharon pulled Jewish settlers and the military out of Gaza in 2005 as evidence that Arabs do n't want peace ; that giving up territory does not bring security .
Support for the vague notion of peace has been further buried under the rhetoric of the looming Israeli election , where the right in particular , led by a former prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , is playing on fear of a nuclear Iran in league with Hamas .
Netanyahu , who is likely to win the 10 February ballot , has no intention of dismantling settlements or relinquishing the control that Israel exercises over the lives of Palestinians on the West Bank .
He dances around the issue of a Palestinian state and has made clear in the past that what he wants to see amounts to a canton or bantustan ( homeland ) surrounded by Israeli control .
And so the vast number of mainstream Israelis , while saying they support peace , once again find themselves in bed with the settlers and on the side of oppression .
" I hate to say we told you so , " said Yisrael Medad , a prominent Jewish settler from Shilo , deep inside the West Bank .
" Now you hear all the time that it was a mistake to pull out of Gaza .
You hear it on the television when it was never discussed before .
More of the anchors are willing to ask that question .
They would never ask that a year or two ago .
They used to say ours was the extreme view .
Now I would say that it 's the mainstream , that no matter what we have done territorially speaking it's not going to satisfy them [ the Palestinians ] .
They are always going to attack us . "
The settlers might be an extreme minority , but their views as to why Israeli soldiers are fighting in Gaza are not exceptional .
Raanan lives in Ein Habsor , a moshav or cooperative agricultural community of about 1,000 people .
It suffers regular hits from Hamas rockets .
" In the last few days we 've had two a day .
In the vicinity .
A couple inside .
Close enough that it could have been your house , " she said .
No one was hurt but a student at the nearby Sapir college , where Raanan teaches public policy and administration , was killed by a Hamas rocket in February .
Roni Yechiah , a 47 - year - old father of four , died after the missile hit the car park .
About a quarter of the families in Ein Habsor have left .
" They did n't so much go because of the rockets .
It was because of the war and being really scared .
They closed the schools .
Those with little kids have mostly gone , " said Raanan .
It 's not an atmosphere in which to question whether Israeli troops should be in Gaza .
Most of the residents of Ein Habsor see the assault as a straightforward and necessary response to Hamas rockets , uncomplicated by issues such as occupation or the Israeli blockade of Gaza .
But Raanan does question .
She wants to see a government willing to negotiate seriously with the Palestinians , and she takes the view that just because Israel is strong enough to get one over on the Palestinians , that does not mean that it is in its interests to do so .
Raanan also wants other Israelis to understand what the Palestinians are suffering .
" My moshav is quite right - wing , " she said .
" They believe in using power and they do n't particularly like Arabs .
I do n't talk to my neighbours much about these things .
" If you do open your heart to the fact that 40 completely innocent people in a United Nations school were killed you have a very hard time .
It 's difficult to open your heart to that place and also hold on to wanting the soldiers to succeed .
It 's a very hard split in personality .
I think it 's necessary but it 's a difficult thing to do . "
Raanan says Israelis have dehumanised Palestinians to such an extent that they are no longer sensitive about who they kill .
" It 's so difficult for them to put themselves in the place of someone who lives in Gaza .
I guess you have to be able to dehumanise to be able to accept this type of war , " she said .
" Israelis think of Hamas as a terrorist group and therefore anything we do to Hamas is OK .
But the question is , why do we think it 's OK also to kill civilians while we 're killing or destroying Hamas ?
We rationalise ; they do it to their own people .
That 's the rhetoric in Israel .
It makes it OK to do what we 're doing .
In Israel we 're brought up to be afraid of Arabs .
It 's a short step to hating them .
It 's unusual for people not to have hostile feelings toward Arabs , and it 's racist feelings because it's a whole group . "
In Shilo , Medad finds himself in agreement with Raanan on one thing .
He sees Israeli public opinion as increasingly indifferent to Palestinian suffering .
But he says it is because of foreign criticism of Israel 's actions .
" With the harshness of the criticism , they 're slowly but surely turning off more Israelis to elements of humanity , consideration , so eventually they say : who the hell cares ? " he said .
" We do n't see the human face .
In that situation we can do anything we want .
There 's a lack of identity of who the enemy is .
He 's not human any more . "
You might not know there was a war on while visiting Jerusalem 's restaurants , Tel Aviv 's frantic bars or the Azrieli shopping centre .
The mall is one of the largest in Israel .
Next door is the Kirya military headquarters , which houses Israel 's defence ministry and the country 's top military officers .
The two buildings are linked by a bridge .
Through the Gaza war , Israel has accused Hamas of endangering civilians by establishing military installations in populated areas .
It has been a central justification by the army for the killing of Palestinian civilians .
The shoppers at the Azrieli mall see no contradiction between that claim and Israel building its defence headquarters next door to a shopping centre .
" They might have a point if they attacked it , " said Yoni Ahren , a computer engineer sipping coffee .
" But they do n't .
Instead they send suicide bombers to blow us up in the mall .
The Palestinians set out to kill any Jew .
The Israeli army sets out to kill Hamas and , yes , innocent Palestinians get killed .
But that is not why the army is in Gaza . "
A soldier with Ahren , who declined to be identified because he was in uniform , said the Palestinians brought it on themselves .
" They voted for Hamas and then Hamas attacked Israel so it 's their problem , " he said .
" I do n't know if this [ attack on Gaza ] will solve anything .
Probably not .
We can not get rid of Hamas .
But the lesson we 've learnt is that we can't trust the Palestinians .
We knew that with Arafat .
Now we know it again . "
That is the upside of the conflict in Gaza for Medad .
He believes it could help assure the future of the West Bank settlements by reminding Israelis that control over what Israelis call Judea and Samaria is what keeps Hamas rockets from falling on Tel Aviv .
" Things are changing .
It 's Gaza that 's changed things , " he said .
Shilo sits alongside the main road from Ramallah to Nablus , a long way from the " security barrier " Israel has built through the West Bank and Jerusalem .
Shilo 's residents are religious and mostly assert Israel 's claim to all of the territory west of the Jordan river .
A Palestinian presence is tolerated at best .
When Ariel Sharon pulled Jewish settlers out of Gaza in 2005 , he called it a painful sacrifice for peace .
Another view was that he had run out of political options and the pull - out was a way to stave off international pressure to talk to the Palestinians .
What the dismantling of the Gaza settlements did not do was end the expansion of colonies on the West Bank .
Shilo has grown by about 25 % since 2005 .
The " outposts " around it , which are illegal even under Israeli law , have been expanding so fast that the " Shilo block " , with about 10,000 residents , is now as large as the main settlement that was dismantled in Gaza .
Most Israelis tell the pollsters they would sacrifice Shilo for peace .
But influential voices are against it , among them the man tipped to be Netanyahu 's defence minister .
Moshe " Bogie " Yaalon , the former military commander in the West Bank , pressed the government for months to attack Gaza , and is against a withdrawal from the West Bank .
Medad is confident that Yaalon 's views will prevail .
" If you do n't have control over a population , you suffer .
You want to call it occupation ... fine .
But there has to be some sort of control , supervision , " he said .
Yaalon recently asked : " What is the big difference between Gaza and Judea and Samaria - Judea and Samaria we can go in at night , we know where they are , and pick them up .
In Gaza we can't do that . "
It is a view largely shared by Netanyahu , who has called for the assault on Gaza to be carried through until it forces Hamas from power .
Most Israelis may not want to go as far as Netanyahu , but he remains ahead in the polls .
Even on the left , attitudes have hardened .
Support for Ehud Barak , the Labour party leader and defence minister , has risen sharply because of the assault on Gaza .
Jeff Halper , a veteran peace campaigner , says this is further evidence that Israeli public opinion is principally shaped by fear .
" The Israeli public is being held hostage by its own leadership , " he said .
" This whole idea there 's no partner for peace has been internalised by Israelis .
Everything has been reduced in Israel to terrorism because Israel has eliminated the political context of occupation and claims it only wants peace and has made generous offers and the Arabs always reject them . "
" Seventy per cent of Israeli Jews say they do n't want the occupation .
They would be happy with the two - state solution .
But what they say to us is : ' You do n't have to talk to me about peace , I want peace .
The Arabs wo n't let us because the Arabs are just terrorists . '
There is in Israel a deeply held assumption that Arabs are our permanent enemies . "
Raanan hopes not .
She is counting the days until the Gaza assault is over and her son is pulled out .
But the personal trauma will not be over if and when that happens .
Her second son is due to be called up in six months .
The way things are , he could be following his brother into Gaza .
Historians face a " black hole " of lost material unless urgent action is taken to preserve websites and other digital records , the head of the British Library has warned .
Just as families store digital photos on computers which might never be passed on to their descendants , so Britain 's cultural heritage is at risk as the internet evolves and technologies become obsolete , says Lynne Brindley , the library 's chief executive .
Writing in today 's Observer , Brindley cites two examples of losses overseas .
When Barack Obama was inaugurated as US president last week , all traces of George Bush disappeared from the White House website , including a booklet entitled 100 Things Americans May Not Know About the Bush Administration , which is no longer accessible .
There were more than 150 websites relating to the 2000 Olympics in Sydney , she continues , but these , too , vanished instantly at the end of the games and are now stored only by the National Library of Australia .
" If websites continue to disappear in the same way as those on President Bush and the Sydney Olympics - perhaps exacerbated by the current economic climate that is killing companies - the memory of the nation disappears too , " Brindley writes .
" Historians of the future , citizens of the future , will find a black hole in the knowledge base of the 21st century . "
Historians have become increasingly concerned that while the Domesday Book , written on sheepskin in 1086 , is still easily accessible , the software for many decade - old computer files - including thousands of government records - already renders them unreadable .
The ephemera of emails , text messages and online video add to the headache of the 21st - century archivist .
" Too many of us suffer from a condition that is going to leave our grandchildren bereft , " Brindley states .
" I call it personal digital disorder .
Think of those thousands of digital photographs that lie hidden on our computers .
Few store them , so those who come after us will not be able to look at them .
It 's tragic . "
She believes similar gaps could appear in the national memory , pointing out that , contrary to popular assumption , internet companies such as Google are not collecting and archiving material of this type .
It is left instead to the libraries and archives which have been gathering books , periodicals , newspapers and recordings for centuries .
With an interim report from communications minister Lord Carter on the future of digital Britain imminent , Brindley makes the case for the British Library as the repository that will ensure emails and websites are preserved as reliably as manuscripts and books .
" This vision of a digital Britain must include the critical public service of preserving digital Britain 's collective memory and digitising the unrivalled content within the British Library . "
The library plans to create a comprehensive archive of such " notoriously ephemeral " material from the UK web domain - there are about eight million .uk domain websites , growing at a rate of 15 - 20 % every year .
It also has a collecting and archiving project for the London 2012 Olympics .
In 2007 the library worked with Microsoft and the National Archives at Kew to prevent a " digital dark age " by unlocking millions of unreadable stored computer files .
Microsoft installed the Virtual PC 2007 , allowing users to run multiple operating systems simultaneously on the same computer and unlock what are called " legacy " Microsoft Office formats dating back 15 years or more .
The library and national archives have set up projects to capture daily exchanges of information almost entirely now transmitted by emails and texts .
Government departments are storing emails and archiving them at Kew , and the library is encouraging individuals to store theirs voluntarily .
Historians regard some of today 's electronic data as a vital legacy that must be protected .
Tristram Hunt , of Queen Mary College , London University , said : " It 's essential that mainstream institutions such as the National Gallery or the White House or the Ministry of Defence keep email correspondence , and I think they 're quite good about that now .
We saw all that come out in the Hutton report and it was fascinating .
That 's an absolutely essential historical record . "
But Hunt argued that libraries and other institutions need to be selective .
" On the other hand , we 're producing much more information these days than we used to , and not all of it is necessary .
Do we want to keep the Twitter account of Stephen Fry or some of the marginalia around the edges of the Sydney Olympics ?
I do n't think we necessarily do . "
There is already one stark warning from history .
The BBC's Doomsday Project of 1986 , intended to record the state of the nation for posterity , was recorded on two 12inch videodisks .
By 2000 it was obsolete , and was rescued only thanks to a specialist team working with a sole surviving laser disk player .
• This correction was published in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday 1 February 2009 .
Above we mentioned a " sole surviving laser disk player " which was used to rescue the BBC Domesday Project of 1986 as the 12 - inch videodisks on which it is encoded could not be read on obsolete equipment .
We are happy to report that a few enthusiasts have told us that they are still in possession of working Domesday hardware systems .
The 111th Congress was expected to quickly pass SCHIP once Barack Obama was in office .
The House did ( 289 -139 ) , but the Senate has been stalling -- a vote is expected this week , perhaps today -- but party lines are drawn and the debate has become acrimonious .
Today CQ reports that two amendments were vetoed that would require cost - sharing and limit enrollment of legal immigrants .
Shedding light on the enormity of this problem , the Kaiser Family Foundation released its 2009 report ( pdf ) about Medicaid and the uninsured with implications for SCHIP .
Seems that 19 states have expanded access to SCHIP last year , although about 10 imposed restrictions .
At least 3.5 million kids could be added to the 7.4 currently enrolled .
Early look at the French trailer for I Love You Phillip Morris .
Fact - based film stars Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor .
AROUND THE WEB
ICELAND will be the world 's worst economic performer in the coming year , according to the Economist Intelligence Unit , a sister organisation to The Economist .
The tiny country will see growth shrink by nearly 10 % following the spectacular collapse of its banks in the global financial crisis .
Countries with free - falling currencies , burst housing bubbles and a heavy reliance on finance and trade will also suffer .
Qatar will grow by over 13 % , and many sub-Saharan African countries will also perform strongly .
China is still in the top ten but will grow at a considerably more sedate pace than in recent years .
Global growth is set to be a feeble 0.9 % .
EPA
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
MAD .
Well , quite frankly , it 's a minor miracle that we get any posts up .
See , there are all these women who camp outside the Cracked offices trying to get us to have sex with them .
While we 're trying to get to work .
I know , can you believe it ?
Everyday , more women who want " a hit off the Cracked pipe , " so to speak ( talkin ' about wieners , here ) .
" Your obsession with pop culture makes me want to take my pants off . "
We tell them to back off once in a while , but they wo n't be reasoned with .
I mean , it 's tough enough updating our site every day , so what , are we supposed to update their vaginas every day , too ?
With dick ?
But this is about you .
And I 'm sorry again , about all your recent setbacks .
And sorry it 's taken me a week to reach out ( though , in fairness to me , we 're installing a waterslide on the roof of the building .
These things take time ) .
But , rest assured , Cracked is here for you .
We used to have a magazine , remember ?
This is what my desk used to look like ( before it was sitting on the side of a jacuzzi filled with naked , ethnically diverse women ) :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
See ?
We know what it 's like to have a magazine canceled , so we 're in the same boat .
...
Okay , not really in the " same boat , " necessarily , because we 're doing extremely well .
Our magazine tanking was , at most , an aggravating detail ; we still had our awesome site after all .
You guys , on the other hand , have nothing but the magazine .
So , I guess our boats have very little in common .
Still , we 're certainly the guys to talk to if you 're looking for advice .
No one knows better than we do how to bounce back from a magazine crash .
Though it 's highly unlikely that you 'll ever enjoy the same kind of internet success that
SunPower reported Thursday a five - fold jump in net income in the fourth quarter and a huge surge in revenue , and it expects revenue and profits to grow in 2009 .
The mood though , is far from euphoric as analysts and company executives are still worried about the fragile state of the economy .
SunPower , in fact , announced it laid off about 6 percent of its non-manufacturing employees , or 1.2 percent of its overall global workforce .
The San Jose , Calif . - based solar panel maker brought in $ 29.55 million , or 35 cents per share in the fourth quarter , compared with $ 4.88 million , or 6 cents per share , from the year - ago period .
A strong U.S. dollar against the Korean won resulted in a 7 cent per share gain , the company said .
Overall , the company generated a net income of $ 92.29 million , or $ 1.09 per share in 2008 , well over $ 9.20 million in net income , or 11 cents per share in 2007 .
Revenue for the four quarter rose nearly 79 percent to nearly $ 401 million from $ 224.34 million from the same quarter in 2007 .
For 2008 , SunPower generated $ 1.43 billion in revenue , up roughly 85 percent from $ 774.79 million in 2007 .
The company would n't provide a quarterly forecast , citing difficulties in gauging market demand during the downturn .
SunPower 's new chief financial officer , Dennis Arriola , said the economic downturn will likely make its mark on SunPower 's finances in " the next few quarters . "
For 2009 , the company expects to generate $ 1.6 billion to $ 2 billion in revenue , and $ 1.40 to $ 1.90 per share in earnings .
SunPower , which is building a third cell factory , located in Malaysia , expects to have more than 450 megawatts in production capacity this year .
The company has two cell factories in the Philippines .
While numbers that like might have made investors cheer in years past , the mood now is dour .
Before SunPower announced its earnings , several equity analysts questioned whether SunPower could stay competitive in the short - term given that the company has positioned itself as a maker of highly efficient – and hence more expensive – solar panels .
Given the financial market crisis , customers might turn to cheaper alternatives , analysts said ( see Wall Street Feeling Downbeat on Solar ) .
The company 's quarterly numbers did beat Wall Street 's expectation , sending its shares up in after - hour trading .
The company 's Class A shares grew nearly 12 percent to reach $ 32 per share in after - market trading .
The Class B shares went up nearly 9 percent to reach $ 23.90 per share .
SunPower CEO
Tom Werner told analysts during a conference call that the company plans to invest more in the business of building large - scale power plants for utilities in the United States .
The U.S. utility market is expected to grow 50 percent annually over the next five years , Arriola said .
More than half of the states are requiring utilities to buy more renewable power , and President Obama has vowed to double the country 's renewable power production in three years .
" This is a time of transition for the company .
We are moving rapidly into the utility power plant market , " Werner said .
SunPower is developing a plant for Pacific Gas and Electric in California and Florida Power and Light ( see PG&E to Buy 800 MW From OptiSolar , SunPower ) .
The two projects are on track , SunPower executives said .
The company is working on trimming expenses by using thinner silicon wafers and buying silicon at cheaper prices , Werner said .
SunPower has seen the raw material prices fall by 10 percent in 2008 from 2007 , and it expects to see at least another 10 percent drop in 2009 , Werner added
The company also recently laid off about 60 people out of its 1,000 - person , non-manufacturing workforce , Werner said .
The company employed roughly 5,000 people overall before the layoffs .
On April 23 , 2005 , Blair Parker called 911 because his 3 - year - old daughter seemed to be having a seizure .
Doctors in the emergency room found that the girl was emaciated - she weighed just 13 pounds - and they asked to examine Parker 's other two children .
His 11 - year - old daughter was the size of a 5 - year - old , and his 9 - year - old son was the size of a 3 - year - old .
All of the children had been fed a diet that Parker and his wife misguidedly believed was a proper vegan diet , meaning that they eschewed all meat and fish and even dairy products .
Parker , 38 , of Scottsdale , and his wife were arrested and criminally charged .
On Thursday , a Maricopa County Superior Court jury convicted Parker of two counts of negligent child abuse and one count of reckless child abuse , but acquitted him of the more serious offense of intentional child abuse .
The jury also found aggravating circumstances that could earn him as much as 16 years in prison when he is sentenced on Aug. 14 by Judge Roland Steinle .
But Parker could also be sentenced to probation , which is likely given his lack of a criminal record .
His wife , Kimu Parker , 38 , did not fare as well .
In August 2007 she was sentenced to 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of three counts of intentional child abuse .
The judge in the case made a record in her file that he found the mandated sentence to be " excessive . "
And though the judge acknowledged that the parents nearly starved the children to death , he felt that they obviously cared for their children .
However , he said that their diet was " improperly administered over a period of years based on a recklessly misguided understanding of what was appropriate . "
Kimu Parker is appealing her conviction .
Blair Parker 's trial began in late May , and Parker himself took the witness stand to defend his dietary beliefs , which he had gained through his university studies of nutrition .
He described a daily regimen with the children that included prayer , study , chores , exercise and rigid adherence to diet , right down to what liquids they could drink and when .
" My children might have been short and light in weight , but I never considered they were unhealthy , " he told the jury .
Parker claimed that he could not find a doctor of his own religious faith or dietary beliefs that he trusted .
Instead , he consulted with a naturopath who lived in Washington state and who could not actually see or examine the children .
Parker still claims that the children suffered from " malabsorption , " an inability to absorb vital nutrients .
The prosecutor said that Parker obsessed about the children 's bowel movements and gave them enemas that further impeded absorbing any nutrients of the food they ate .
" Vegan children who are fed properly grow , " said Deputy County Attorney Frankie Grimsman .
And in fact , when the children were placed in foster homes , they immediately began to gain weight - while still maintaining vegan diets .
Grimsman contended that the Parkers hid their children 's condition by home - schooling them and by holding religious services in their home rather than attend church .
And she claimed that they failed to seek medical care for the children until faced with an emergency .
Parker 's defense attorney , Thomas Glow , maintained that Parker was mistaken in his dietary beliefs and at worst negligent in his adherence to them .
" What about the people who feed their kids McDonald 's and they develop teenage diabetes ? " he asked during his closing arguments .
And Glow pointed to the education the children received at home and the manners they were taught as evidence that the Parkers cared about their children .
Kimu Parker is in prison ; she and Blair Parker both had their parental rights severed from the two younger children .
The court allowed them to keep a fourth child who was born to them during the severance proceedings .
That child , a healthy 2 - year - old boy , frequently lunched with Blair Parker in the courthouse cafeteria during the trial - in plain view of whatever jurors also lunched there .
Glow denied it was a strategy to show that Blair Parker had learned his lesson .
Rather , Glow said , it reflected Parker 's desire to spend as much time as possible with his son because he faced the possibility of 30 years in prison , like his wife .
Parker wept openly at the verdict when he learned that would not be his fate .
" Such encouragement is vicious and despicable , first of all because the information is based on falsehood , " it said .
" Secondly , and far more importantly , those who are foolish enough to fall for such lures all too often end up physically and mentally ruined , perhaps leading lives of crime . "
Press Release
“ Americans United opposes the confirmation of Amy Coney Barrett because her record demonstrates hostility toward church - state separation – the constitutional guarantee of religious freedom for all , " said AU President and CEO Rachel Laser .
" In America , we are all free to believe or not as we choose , as long as we do n’t harm others .
“ Barrett does not respect this ‘ do no harm ’ principle . "
CONTACT US
CONTACT INFORMATION
Use the form on the right side of the screen to contact us .
We usually reply to email within 24 - 48 hours .
You can also email us directly using the email below .
info at tiniuri - com ( replace " at " and " - " with @ and .
Sorry for the inconvenience , but we hate spam as much as you do ( probably a bit more ;)
Detroit real estate agent Ian Mason has sold homes for $ 1 .
When I asked him to check the listings for other properties at that price , he found four more .
He then took me to a white , clapboard - sided house that his company , Bearing Group Real Estate Brokerage , has listed .
“ If you want this house , you can have it , ” he said .
“ I ’ll just give it to you . ”
“ I ’m not allowed to accept anything of value from a source , ” I told him .
“ Who said I was giving you anything of value ? ” he replied .
Earlier in the day , I ’d previewed the North American International Auto Show , where the car of the year was a Hyundai .
A Hyundai Genesis , to be precise , with an MSRP of $ 37,250 .
Here , even a Kia or a Pontiac listed for $ 16,000 .
By contrast , the median price of a home sold in Detroit last month was $ 7,500 , according to Realcomp , a Farmington Hills , Mich. , multiple - listing service , down 50 percent from last year .
Mason counted 1,228 homes listed for under $ 10,000 , 209 of which were under $ 1,000 .
“ Many of them are in pretty decent shape , ” he said , “ and some can be lived in . ”
At the auto show , I had sat inside a 2009 Maybach with a list price of more than $ 526,000 .
I had no idea that for the price of this car , I could own entire blocks of the city outside .
In the neighborhood where Mason offered me a $ 0 house ( not including closing costs , escrow , taxes , etc. ) , almost every dwelling was in shambles .
Boarded windows .
Abandoned cars .
Collapsed porches .
Ubiquitous graffiti .
The home across the street was charred , likely by arsonists .
We drove through snow nobody would ever plow .
“ What ’s this place like in the summer ? ” I asked .
“ You would n’t be driving through here , ” Mason said .
“ There ’s a small chance you ’d field a bullet . ”
Police stopped patrolling these neighborhoods years ago .
“ So if I buy a $ 1 house , I ’m going to need to hire some security ? ”
“ Not necessarily , ” Mason said .
“ Some of these neighborhoods are so desolate , crime is n’t much of a concern . ”
“ Really ? ”
“ I could take you to 30 square blocks of urban prairie . ”
The Motor City had more residents in the 1930s than it does today .
About a million people have left since the 1950s , leaving less than a million today .
Enormous buildings sit vacant downtown , their hulking shadows darkening city streets at night .
Unemployment is tallied in double digits .
And this is how it is before Chrysler , General Motors , Ford and associated companies possibly file for bankruptcy this year .
“ Detroit is a microcosm for what ’s happening , ” said local real estate investor Bret Russell .
Real estate prices are collapsing nationwide — and in Detroit ’s affluent suburbs , too .
Russell has purchased 50 homes in the past year and built a small company to fix them up and rent them out .
The former Navy pilot said he hopes to buy and hold 1,000 properties and manage 1,000 more for other investors .
He targets neighborhoods where homeowners have low loan balances and are n’t likely to be foreclosed .
He wants to buy entire blocks so he can control them and bring up their values .
Mason helps Russell find homes for usually between $ 1,500 and $ 17,000 .
“ I ’ve got an MBA and an engineering degree , ” Russell said .
“ I use Ian because he does n’t have a college degree .
He ’s got common sense .
. . .
All of the MBAs are the ones who created this financial mess . ”
We went inside a duplex that Russell had just purchased for $ 7,000 , wary of potential intruders .
The kitchen was strewn with garbage .
Squatters had soiled the living - room carpet .
A basement floor , flooded possibly because someone stole the pipes , had frozen into ice .
But I could see that with about $ 8,000 worth of repairs , it might generate about $ 500 a month in rent from each side .
Landlords , like Russell of SE Metro Properties , are the new subprime lenders .
People who ’ve lost their credit to foreclosure or bankruptcy come to him .
“ We ’re not selling ( Cadillac ) Escalades .
We ’re selling them a place to live , ” he said .
“ They ’ll come up with $ 1,000 ( a month ) for that . ”
He finances his acquisitions through private investors , offering a 5 to 7 percent return from the rental income .
If the properties ever appreciate , the total return could be whopping .
For now , though , it ’s not easy building a rental - house empire with just a few thousand dollars at a time .
“ I ’ve got $ 2 million , ” Russell said , “ and I ’m having a hard time spending it . ”
Russell may be too big a player for the cottage industry that vacant houses have spawned .
On the lower end of the business , people strip empty abodes of just about everything and sell the parts to mom-and - pop entrepreneurs who are buying up and repairing houses that have been stripped as well .
“ They take the hinges , the knobs , the sinks , the faucets , the vanities , the toilets ; some of them go for the tiles , ” Mason said .
“ They even steal the brick off the sides of some of these houses . ”
Street dealers traffic in furnaces , water heaters and appliances .
One person ’s dilapidated hovel is another ’s economic - development opportunity .
Mason predicts a bright future :
“ The cost of living has gotten so low here that I think that we ’ll eventually see a manufacturing resurgence . ”
Al Lewis : 201-938-5266 or al.lewis@dowjones.com
The incident came as 16 other people were also killed in Mexico 's northern state of Chihuahua in attacks the authorities believe are linked to the country 's drug wars .
We long ago gave up hope that President Bush would acknowledge his many mistakes , or show he had learned anything from them .
Even then we were unprepared for the epic denial that Mr. Bush displayed in his interview with ABC News ’s Charles Gibson the other day , which he presumably considered an important valedictory chat with the American public as well .
It was bad enough when Mr. Bush piously declared that he hopes Americans believe he is a guy who “ did n’t sell his soul for politics . ”
( We suppose we should not bother remembering how his team drove Senator John McCain out of the 2000 primaries with racist attacks or falsified Senator John Kerry ’s war record in 2004 . )
It was skin crawling to hear him tell Mr. Gibson that the thing he will really miss when he leaves office is no longer going to see the families of slain soldiers , because they make him feel better about the war .
But Mr. Bush ’s comments about his decision to invade Iraq were a “ mistakes were made ” rewriting of history and a refusal to accept responsibility to rival that of Richard Nixon .
At one point , Mr. Bush was asked if he wanted any do - overs .
“ The biggest regret of the presidency has to have been the intelligence failure in Iraq , ” he said .
“ A lot of people put their reputations on the line and said the weapons of mass destruction ” were cause for war .
Dr Doom : US Needs to Deleverage 12:00 PM ET Mon , 13 Oct 2008
The proposed $ 250 billion infusion into financials is meaningless -- merely a drop of water on a hot stove , Faber , popularly known as Dr. Doom says .
These measures do not address the fundamental problem .
" What I object to in all the bailout plans in the Western world is ( that ) they do not address the fundamental problem .
And the fundamental problem is overleveraging , ” Faber comments .
( Watch the complete Marc Faber interview on deleveraging on the left )
He adds that the high gearing needs to be brought down , similar to what the Asian financial system had to go through after the 1997 financial crisis .
“ The U.S. economy ’s debt to GDP has grown from 130 percent in 1980 , to 350 percent at the present time , ” notes Faber .
" The leverage has been under the supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Treasury and everybody encouraged it . "
He adds that these unfunded liabilities , which will surface over the next 20 to 30 years , do not deserve a AAA rating .
Faber believes the U.S. budget deficit is going to stay at or above $ 1 trillion level because the government needs to print money in order to meet all the obligations they 've made to rescue the financial system .
" U.S. government bonds should be rated as a junk bond , " quips Faber .
UAE Website Design & Development
CANADA HITECH is a full service , independent software and design house located in United Arab Emirates targeting local and international businesses alike .
CANADA HITECH focuses on cutting - edge web solutions , high performance web hosting , and e-marketing services .
Our passionate and talented team members are expertise in everything in digital industry .
From web designing and development to web hosting and server configurations till online marketing and conversion traffic to sales – we are competent in all the departments .
During the past 13 years , several different digital projects have been delivered to our clientele in Middle East , UK , US , and CANADA .
Since the very beginning , we focused on finding practical and cost effective solutions , coping with the most complex technical challenges in the online world .
Our team also caters consultation and planning services , besides technical expertise in managing high traffic web portals that can handle over 500,000 visitors per month .
We offer Dubai Web Design , Ecommerce Web Development Dubai , & Web Hosting Dubai Services
Bebo is launching a major redesign of its user homepages this morning , its first since being acquired by AOL for $ 850 million earlier this year .
The changes give us some idea of what we might expect from Bebo going forward , and it ’s much as you might expect from the social network now that it ’s a part of AOL : tight integration with AIM , easy access to email , multimedia content , and in a bit of a twist , social aggregation features of the FriendFeed variety .
I ’ve long believed that IM is perhaps the ultimate social graph – contacts organized into groups that you can contact in real - time .
And while AOL might have missed out on its opportunity to cash in on this early in the social networking boom , AIM still boasts more than 28 million users per month according to comScore .
Will Bebo be the golden goose that finally makes this concept a success ?
Here ’s a look at what they ’re up to :
Instant Messaging
Bebo now lets AIM users login to the site using their screenname and password .
And , similar to other data portability initiatives , that means you ’ll be able to see which of your AIM buddies already use Bebo , giving you an instant social network when you access the site for the first time .
You ’ll also be able to chat with those friends through a buddy list that has been integrated into the Bebo interface , which combines your friends from both Bebo and AIM .
Social Aggregation
Back in August , AOL made a significantly smaller acquisition – FriendFeed competitor Socialthing .
The service – which was still in private beta when AOL bought it – is a major part of the homepage , allowing you to see updates from your Bebo friends from other services like Twitter , Flickr , and Del.icio.us .
Bebo plans to open this up to allow you to subscribe to updates from friends who do n’t necessarily use Bebo , so you can see everyone ’s updates in one place .
Email
While checking your email is seemingly easy enough on its own , Bebo has decided to integrate it into their user ’s homepages .
You ’ll be able to check accounts on AOL , Gmail , or Yahoo Mail , with support for users of Microsoft Exchange email expected early next year .
This is n’t full - functioning web - mail , rather , it ’s just notification of new messages .
This feature seems like a bit of the “ build a better mouse trap ” philosophy of portals like AOL and Yahoo , but nonetheless , could be useful for those that do n’t keep email open 24x7 in its own tab .
Multimedia Content
One big advantage of being part of AOL and parent company Time Warner is that Bebo has access to a lot of multimedia content .
Bebo users can subscribe to this content , and now in the new design , receive recommendations based on their interests as well as what their friends are watching or listening to .
As opposed to a video destination site like Hulu , Bebo hopes to make this tool more about social discovery – finding new content to watch based on what your social network is consuming .
Final Thoughts
I like where Bebo is going with this .
While the social network itself is huge in the UK , in the US , it ’s relatively small compared to giants Facebook and MySpace .
Rather than try and compete directly with these social networks , they are taking concepts that are proving successful with so - called early adopters – like lifestreaming – and trying them with a mainstream audience .
And while AOL already tried unsuccessfully once to turn its dominant IM platform into a social network ( AIMPages ) , at the time , they did n’t have the meat of a top - tier site like Bebo behind it .
This time around , Bebo will also become heavily integrated into the actual AIM software , which should drive much further adoption .
While one can certainly still question whether Bebo was worth the lofty price tag , it ’s at least somewhat re-assuring that there is a coherent strategy coming into place around it .
An old bubble chamber ( Image : Reidar Hahn / Fermilab )
LIKE a man hoping to find a second - hand sports car at a knockdown price , Lon Morgan used to regularly peruse the for - sale ads in Commerce Business Daily .
Then one day in 1995 , Morgan saw exactly what he had been looking for and submitted a bid .
Three weeks later , Morgan and his company International Isotopes were the proud owners of parts from the world ’s biggest atom smasher for the princely sum of $ 4.5 million .
Morgan had bought part of the defunct Superconducting Super Collider , a behemoth of a machine designed to search for the much vaunted Higgs boson , aka the God particle , which is supposed to give all other particles their mass .
When funding for the 87 - kilometre - round SSC was slashed in 1993 a cool $ 2 billion had already been spent .
Now the huge tunnels in Waxahachie , Texas , sat dark and empty .
Since the parts for the accelerator had never actually been assembled into a working machine , they sat crated up in a warehouse , awaiting their new owner and their new destiny .
The tale of the SSC illustrates what can happen to big physics projects when the funding dries up .
When a particle accelerator reaches the end of the road , the physicists hold a wake for the machine ’s death .
Then the electromagnets are powered down , the cryogenic liquids are drained and the lights are turned off .
That much is certain .
What happens next , though , is not .
News of a project ’s death travels , and soon scientists around the planet are competing for the chance to acquire some serious hardware .
A hospital may need particle beams for cancer treatment , say .
There are …
GROWING human cells in a laboratory is easy .
Making those cells arrange themselves into something that resembles human flesh is , however , anything but .
So - called tissue engineers have mastered the arts of artificial skin and bladders , and recently they have managed to rig up a windpipe for a patient whose existing one was blocked .
But more complicated organs elude them .
And simpler ones , too .
No one , for instance , has managed to grow bone marrow successfully .
At first sight , that is surprising .
The soft and squishy marrow inside bones does not look like a highly structured tissue , but apparently it is .
That does not matter for transplants .
If marrow cells are moved from one bone to another they quickly make themselves at home .
But it matters for research .
Bone marrow plays an important role in the immune system , and also in bodily rejuvenation .
Stem cells that originate within the marrow generate various sorts of infection - fighting blood cells and also help to repair damaged organs .
However , many anti-cancer and anti-viral drugs are toxic to marrow .
That leaves patients taking them susceptible to disease and premature ageing .
Experiments intended to investigate this toxicity using mice have proved unsatisfactory .
Nicholas Kotov of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and his colleagues have therefore been trying to grow human marrow artificially .
When they started their research , Dr Kotov and his team knew that the stem cells from which marrow is derived grow naturally in specialised pores within bone .
These pores are lined by a mixture of connective - tissue cells , bone cells and fat cells , which collaborate to nurture the stem cells .
The researchers also knew that the cells in this lining send chemical signals to one another and to those stem cells they touch .
That suggests a stem cell 's fate may depend on its surroundings in three dimensions , rather than the two dimensions of the bottom of a Petri dish — the type of vessel traditionally used to grow cell cultures .
If correct , this would explain why attempts to make marrow in Petri dishes have failed .
To test their idea , Dr Kotov and his colleagues tried to replicate the interior of a bone using a material , known as a hydromel , that is similar in composition to a soft contact lens .
To make the ersatz bone , liquid hydromel is densely seeded with tiny polystyrene spheres ( they have diameters of between 50 and 300 microns ) .
When the hydromel has solidified , the spheres are dissolved using a solvent called tetrahydrofurane , leaving a porous matrix .
The diameters of the pores in this matrix match those of natural bone .
For added verisimilitude , the team then coated the internal surfaces of the pores with a material similar to mother - of - pearl .
Marrow cells do not like to attach themselves to squishy materials such as hydromels , but the team 's new material has enough stiffness to pass for bone .
It thus fooled the marrow cells into setting up home .
Once the matrix was completed in this way , the researchers took the final step and seeded the pores with marrow harvested from donors .
They report in Biomaterials that the transplanted cells behaved as if they were in real bone - marrow tissue , growing and dividing as they would normally .
Then , to test their artificial marrow further , they added influenza viruses .
They found that it released antibodies to fight those viruses in exactly the way that natural marrow would .
The anti-cancer and anti-viral drugs that damage natural marrow have not been studied in the artificial version yet , but that should happen soon .
Dr Kotov 's new tool should also allow researchers to study the marrow 's response to pathogens such as influenza in more detail than is now possible .
An unusual application of tissue engineering , then .
But a valuable one .
Roderick Long has kindly responded to my critique of his essay on corporatism .
I do n’t find Roderick ’s reply very convincing , however .
I do n’t have posting privileges on Cato Unbound so I ’ll offer a brief response here .
My basic critique of Roderick ’s position is two - fold .
First , on substance : Roderick ’s arguments strike me as a form of what Harold Demsetz called the Nirvana fallacy .
Essentially , Roderick identifies various inefficiencies associated with large , hierarchically organized corporations and concludes that smaller , “ flatter ” firms , such as worker - owned cooperatives , must be better .
But all feasible forms of organization are imperfect .
All real - world firms are plagued by inefficiencies — agency and information problems , coordination failures , various kinds of transaction costs , and the like .
A sweeping claim that the corporate form is per se inefficient , and that therefore it can only have survived because of state privilege , requires a comparative assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of alternative forms of organization , and this Roderick does not provide .
Nowhere in his original post , nor in his reply to my comment , does he address the organizational drawbacks of proprietorships , partnerships , and patron - owned enterprises ( more commonly known as “ cooperatives , ” though I dislike that term , for reasons explained by Mises ) .
Second , the form of Roderick ’s argument is deeply unsatisfactory .
As I pointed out in my post , there are substantial technical literatures in economics , organizational sociology , and business law on the benefits and costs of alternative organizational forms , and Roderick does not grapple with these literatures at all , either in the original post or in the reply .
He relies heavily on Kevin Carson ’s work to justify the superiority of workers ’ self - management .
With no disrespect to Kevin , however , whose work I admire , what would Roderick think if I offered a radical new interpretation of , say , Aristotelian ethics , offering as my primary sources a self - published book and a some articles from the Freeman ?
I imagine Roderick would dismiss me as a crank .
And yet , he freely discourses on economic organization without demonstrating any familiarity with the relevant technical literature .
As to Roderick ’s specific claims in his reply :
1. Roderick says the fact that large firms lobby heavily for trade barriers , war , and state education shows that they are the prime beneficiaries of these policies .
But here Roderick confuses marginal and total effects .
Firms of all types lobby up to the point where the marginal benefits of further lobbying are equal to the marginal costs .
If large firms lobby more heavily than small firms , this indicates only that large firms perceive a higher marginal net benefit from lobbying than do small firms .
One possible explanation is that small firms are already receiving high levels of state benefits , such that there is little gain from marginal expenditures on political influence .
State - granted privileges and penalties for large firms may also be more sensitive to political influence than those affecting small firms ( this is certainly true of antitrust and regulatory policy , as Fred McChesney has argued ) .
Large firms might also find themselves in a kind of prisoners - dilemma game against other large firms , with each lobbying for benefits to avoid being at a strategic disadvantage relative to rivals , who are lobbying for similar benefits , even though all firms are worse off when all lobby .
In short , the fact that large firms actively seek state support does not indicate that they , alone , receive it .
To gauge the net effect of state intervention on firm size and organizational form we need to estimate the quantitative magnitudes of the effects of various interventions .
We would also want to track lobbying expenditures by firm type over time , and must deal with the fact that lobbying expenditures , relative to GDP , have not risen appreciably over the last century , despite the rise of the large firm and the corporate hierarchy .
It is a complex issue , one that a few simple assertions cannot resolve .
2. Roderick concedes that small firms also benefit from state intervention , but argues that “ the small firms that benefit from government assistance are those that are seen ; the ones that are most harmed by government action are those that are unseen because they are prevented from coming into business in the first place . ”
But the same argument applies to large firms .
We see those that benefit from government action , but we do n’t see those that are harmed — the small firms that would have become large , the large firms that would have become larger or more diversified or more hierarchical or whatever , were it not for the predator state .
Imagine the large , highly efficient firms we might see in a truly free market !
Roderick goes on to state that “ [t ] he assistance that small firms receive comes largely at the expense , not of larger firms , but of still smaller firms — or of those who would start such smaller firms if they could . ”
Again , this is assertion , not argument or evidence .
When small - business subsidies and benefits are financed by taxation , including taxes on corporate income and on the incomes of large partnerships and proprietorships , they come at the expense of large firms .
Large - firm subsidies and benefits also come at the expense of other large firms .
Large firms may seek benefits not to benefit large firms as a class , but to punish specific ( and equally ) large rivals .
Why assume that the larger firm always exploits the smaller ?
3. Roderick has misunderstood my point about vaguely - defined property rights .
I suspect he has not yet had a chance to consult the literature I cited , because this literature has nothing to do with limited liability , which Roderick discusses extensively in his reply , but deals instead with the organizational disadvantages faced by firms whose ownership claims are not alienable assets that trade on secondary markets .
Patron - owned firms , as described in this literature , suffer from two kinds of free - rider problems , a horizon problem , a portfolio problem , a control problem , and an influence costs problem .
You can read the details by following the link above .
When ownership of the firm is tied to patronage — as an employee , consumer , or producer , owners face multiple and frequently conflicting interests in their joint capacities as owners and patrons .
Different patrons also have different objectives : full - time employees and part - time employees disagree about how the firm should be run ; farmers close to retirement want the buying cooperative to focus on short - term earnings , while younger farmers want it to invest now in anticipation of future returns ; a consumer with a large house and a consumer with a small house disagree about what prices the community - owned electric cooperative should charge ; and so on .
In a corporation , dissatisfied owners hold liquid assets and can exercise their dissatisfaction through exit .
When ownership is tied to patronage , exit is much costlier , and such conflicts are typically settled through voice – a highly inefficient mechanism .
Moreover , when equity claims are not tradable , owners do not share the gains from increases in the capital value of the firm , and have reduced incentives to purse long - term objectives .
These problems are well - known in the literature on cooperatives .
Roderick refers several times to principal - agent problems in corporations but seems unaware that all multi-person organizations suffer from potential principal - agent problems .
4. Finally , Roderick confesses that he has an ethical aversion to “ corporate hierarchies , ” based on “ an opposition to seeing people pushed around , even in ways that do n’t violate libertarian rights . ”
If “ pushed around ” means treated rudely , asked to do things beyond what should be required , used as means to someone else ’s end , then , sadly , people are equally “ pushed around ” in proprietorships , partnerships , and patron - owned firms — indeed , in all forms of social cooperation .
Unless Roderick has a way to create a New Cooperative Man , I see no reason why people should behave any more ethically under workers ’ self - management .
Later he says that people who have worked in corporate hierarchies “ know from their own experience how completely clueless the highly paid upper managers tend to be about what is actually happening , and how much of the firm ’s success depends on workers simply ignoring the insane directives from above and doing what needs to be done . ”
This kind of statement may tell us something about Roderick ’s personal preferences , and maybe experiences , but tells us nothing about the nature of the firm .
Paying taxes makes us citizens .
Living and voting together , citizenship means belonging to the community that decides how much tax to levy and how to spend it .
Most people can't avoid PAYE and they are rightly outraged by those who go to great lengths to avoid paying their fair share .
There 's likely to be greater indignation about avoiders in times when public spending will be pinched tight and taxes rise to pay for this great calamity .
Her Majesty 's Revenue & Customs can't know how much tax companies avoid , but the department 's estimates rise as high as £ 13.7bn .
On Monday the Guardian reports on its investigation which reveals corporate tax avoidance on a gargantuan scale .
Respectable FTSE 100 companies , household brands that are cornerstones of Britishness , have for years deprived British citizens of potentially billions - all done legally by battalions of super - accountants and lawyers .
As company wealth ballooned during the boom , the money going into Treasury coffers should have grown proportionately .
But between 2000 and 2007 the proportion of tax paid by top companies fell .
Where did it go ?
The very clever people who devised fiendish debt devices that blew up the banks also applied their brains to byzantine new tax avoidance strategies .
Delving into the truth of company taxes has taken the Guardian team months of digging , talking to whistle - blowers , and following the knotted strings that lead through a labyrinth of subsidiaries in secretive tax havens .
As the story of each famous company unfolds , keep your eye fixed on every twist and turn .
You will go on a journey through the minds of people who have wasted their talents on making others pay for everything that makes Britain the safe , civilised , beautiful , enjoyable place where these company directors wish to live and bring up their families .
Public companies are anything but public about tax .
Annual accounts are opaque , not obliged to spell out how much tax was paid where , or the tax - advantageous deals between their subsidiaries .
But this we know : a third of FTSE 100 companies paid no tax in 2005 - 2006 , and another third paid a minute proportion of their operating profits .
Thanks to avoidance , HMRC says 12 of the UK 's largest firms " extinguished all liabilities in 2005 - 2006 " .
Scores more claimed tax losses .
The area between tax dodging and reasonable offsetting - of pension contributions , research and development , preventing double taxation , new investment and legitimate reliefs - is the thick fog where lawyers and accountants make their millions .
Between the spirit of tax law and its practice , fortunes are made .
As our lawyers point out , everything the Guardian 's investigators have unearthed that looks to the naked eye like a breathtaking affront to ordinary PAYE payers is legal .
Companies keep a step ahead of government attempts to close down one loophole after another .
But next time the CBI and business leaders complain about Labour 's tax " complexity " , just ask them to explain in detail their own company 's " tax planning " devices .
Find out if they are into " the double Luxembourg " or " the Dutch sandwich " .
How do they do it ?
Creative companies leave losses in the UK while piling profits into subsidiaries in tax havens .
Some place famous British brand names or patents in tax - haven subsidiaries which then charge huge sums for their use , shrinking the apparent UK profits .
They can officially move to low - tax countries while virtually none of their operations , let alone their top executives or directors , need be located in the Caymans , or suffer the boredom of Zug .
What could be done ?
The EU and the US united could effectively shut down havens and force them to reveal secretive accounts : if they refused to comply , all banking connections could be cut .
( General De Gaulle once surrounded Monaco over tax fraud and cut off its water : it relented . )
There should be a common international tax regime with no loopholes , while still letting each country set its own rates .
Start with transparency : make all companies consolidate their accounts to report which countries their profits arise from , where taxes are paid , and the precise dealings between subsidiaries .
Barack Obama comes to power as architect of a 2007 attempt to close tax havens , with the US losing some $ 100 bn .
Angela Merkel is chasing tax evaders in Liechtenstein .
Gordon Brown blocked all EU initiatives , but Alistair Darling has ordered a tax haven review .
However , culture change starts with words and outrage , with naming and shaming , withdrawing peerages and knighthoods , refusing honours to any with dubious tax histories .
Instead , governments woo business regardless of tax behaviour .
Downing Street is the ever open ear , quaking at company threats to relocate .
Follow the golden thread through next week 's maze of tax avoidance to glimpse the state of mind of those who run our great companies .
If you thought you were by now immune to shock , think again .
The justification is that " everyone does it " , and even that it is a company 's moral duty to save shareholders from standard tax .
But shareholders are also taxpayers who have to shoulder the extra burden .
Directors may pretend they use few public services , yet British companies rely on the British state to educate their staff , to create a safe , regulated and trustworthy business environment , to pay for roads , rail , clean air and food - and now , to bail out banks and businesses in trouble .
" Corporate social responsibility " becomes an oxymoron when top companies who avoid so much tax parade policy documents adorned with pictures of wind turbines , smiling black faces and laughing children labelled " sustainability " , " diversity " and " community " .
Many do good charitable work ; but what is the use of boasting that " We are a good corporate citizen " , or " Our core values of honesty , integrity and respect for people are at the heart of how we manage our business " , while going to grotesque lengths to push their tax responsibility on to the rest of the " community " ?
The way to prove they are the " good corporate citizen " they claim to be is by paying the modest 28 % that is the starting rate for all companies .
Maybe culture change wo n't happen until we get out there with saucepans to rattle and bang some shame into those inside corporate headquarters .
polly.toynbee@theguardian.com
Eclipse PHP Development Tools
About
The PHP IDE project delivers a PHP Integrated Development Environment framework for the Eclipse platform .
This project encompasses the development components necessary to develop PHP - based Web Applications and facilitates extensibility .
It leverages the existing Web Tools Project in providing developers with PHP capabilities .
Features
Syntax Highlighting
Syntax Validation
Content Assist
Code Navigation
PHP Debugging ( Zend Debugger / Xdebug )
PHP Profiling ( Zend Debugger / Xdebug )
PHPUnit
Code Formatter
Refactoring
Code Templates
Remote Projects
Power of Eclipse Ecosystem
Download
Eclipse Package for PHP Developers
The essential starting point for PHP developers , including a PHP language support , a Git client , XML Editor and Mylyn , Terminal .
Click on the links below to start downloading package for specific OS .
You have to install Java in your system .
Update existing Eclipse
In Eclipse , click Help -> Install New Software and work with *: https://download.eclipse.org/tools/pdt/updates/7.2
If you 're looking for developer builds , try out **: https://download.eclipse.org/tools/pdt/updates/8.0
All downloads are provided under the terms and conditions of the Eclipse.org Software User Agreement unless otherwise specified .
* - Latest stable : https://download.eclipse.org/tools/pdt/updates/latest/
** - Latest nightly : https://download.eclipse.org/tools/pdt/updates/latest-nightly/
Extensions
The experience of developing PHP application with PDT can be extended with a large variety of plugins created by the Eclipse ecosystem .
Below are open source projects and commercial products that are built on top of PDT or are integrated with PDT .
Contributing
PDT is an Open Source project and we welcome everyone who 's interested to contribute his or her source code or help project in some other way .
Visit our wiki page to learn how to get source code and build it , or go directly to GitHub project .
Do n't hesitate to nurture PDT developers team with your questions and hit our mailing list .
Thanks to
YourKit is kindly supporting open source projects with its full - featured YourKit Java Profiler .
YourKit , LLC is the creator of innovative and intelligent tools for profiling Java and .NET applications .
( CNN ) --
Piracy off the coast of Somalia rose nearly 200 percent in 2008 compared to the year before , with bolder attacks over greater distances , an international piracy monitor said Friday .
The French military on patrol in the Gulf of Aden .
Somalia and the Gulf of Aden were the worst areas for piracy in 2008 , according to the annual report from International Maritime Bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center ( PRC ) .
It said 42 vessels were hijacked there and 815 crew members taken hostage -- more than any place else in the world .
The increased ability of pirates to sail farther out to sea , coupled with the inability of the Somali government to respond , led to what the report called an " unprecedented " rise in piracy in the area .
The problems off the Somali coast contributed to a global rise in piracy , which was up 11 percent in 2008 from the year before , the report said .
" The 2008 statistics surpass all figures recorded by the PRC since it began its worldwide reporting function in 1991 , " said IMB Director Captain Pottengal Mukundan .
Worldwide in 2008 , a total of 49 vessels were hijacked and 889 crew members taken hostage , the report said .
Eleven crew members were killed and 21 others are missing and presumed dead .
The pirates are targeting every kind of vessel and are better armed and prepared to assault and injure the crew , the report said .
Incidents involving guns nearly doubled from 72 in 2007 to 139 last year .
Pirate attacks last year included the hijacking of the largest ship ever taken by pirates , an oil supertanker called the Sirius Star .
Attackers seized the giant ship and its 23 - man crew in November and only released it last week after receiving a $ 3.5 million ransom payment .
The carrier 's crew was released unharmed .
Last year 's uptick in hijackings off East Africa has already spurred a number of international navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden .
Mukundan said he hoped that more governments would authorize their naval forces to patrol the region .
" International navies are the only ones capable of effective response against piracy in the region and can help to secure the safety and security of this major maritime trade route , " Mukundan said .
Nigeria ranks second in world piracy with 40 reported incidents last year , including five hijackings and 39 crew members kidnapped .
The main difference between the East and West African pirate activities is that almost all the incidents in Nigeria are conducted within its territorial waters , whereas most of the incidents along the East coast of Africa and the Gulf of Aden occur on the high seas , the report said .
That means vessels in the Gulf area have a much harder time staying away from pirate - infested waters .
The motives for the attacks are also different .
In Somalia the motives are financial while in Nigeria they are at least partly political , the report said .
Under - reporting of piracy in Nigerian waters is also a problem for the International Maritime Bureau , the report said .
While 2008 appeared to be a bad year for piracy , the report noted declines in other areas of the world , especially in Indonesia .
Mukundan said sustained anti-piracy efforts by Indonesian authorities have resulted in declines every year .
More than 121 attacks were reported there in 2003 but only 28 were reported last year , most of which were opportunistic , low - level attacks , Mukundan said .
Only two attacks happened last year in the Malacca Straits , which lie between Indonesia and Malaysia , compared to seven the year before , the report said .
Farther south , the Singapore Straits saw a slight rise in incidents , going from three to six , the report said .
" This welcome reduction has been the cumulative result of increased vigilance and patrolling by the littoral states and the continued precautionary measures on board ships , " the report said .
" With the world economy in its present uncertain condition , there is a possibility of piracy increasing .
Navies and coast guards must continue therefore to maintain their efforts against pirates . "
All About Pirates • International Maritime Bureau • Somalia
Programming Arduino Wirelessly
The Arduino system offers an easy and open - source method for programming microcontrollers .
Normally this means using a serial cable or USB cable attached directly to the microcontroller project .
But what if your project is floating in a weather balloon , glued to the bottom of a swimming pool or baked into a loaf of bread ?
It would be great to upload code changes wirelessly , and even greater if you could do it from several kilometers away .
The following example demonstrates how to build a complete wireless solution for uploading code to a remote Arduino microcontroller using a couple of XBee radios , and a handy function for accomplishing wireless resets .
Practical Example Minimum parts needed : ( see Tom Igoe 's parts list for additional details )
Two 5 - 15 VDC power supplies .
Radio Shack sells 4AA Battery Holders that are convenient for remote 3.3 Volt circuits .
Two XBee OEM RF Modules soldered to breakout boards ( as shown here , steps 1 & 2 only )
One setup to connect an XBee the serial ( or USB ) port on your computer .
My example circuit for XBee firmware uploads works great for this purpose .
An Arduino set up on a breadboard
3.3V regulator
2N2222A transistor ( or similar )
LEDs
Assorted wires Step 1 : Using a serial connection , program the two XBee radios to talk to each other at 19,200 baud .
You can use a program like HyperTerm or ZTerm .
On Mac OS
X you can use the screen program in a terminal window .
( The command would be something like : screen / dev/tty . Keyserial1 9600 ) .
This example uses the default PAN ID of 3332 , but you should choose a different one so that other XBee radios in the area do not interfere with your communications .
For the first XBee , use the +++ sequence to go into command mode .
You should receive an OK message back .
Then issue this command : ATID3332 , DH0 , DL1 , MY0 , BD4 , WR, CN
You have now set the ID to 3332 ( remember that this should be changed to something else in your actual command ) , the destination to 01 ( that 's the address of your other XBee ) , the local address to 0 and your baud rate register to 4 , which corresponds to 19,200 baud .
WR writes the configuration to the firmware , so that the settings are preserved in firmware .
From now on you 'll be talking to the XBee at 19,200 baud .
[ If at some point you want to go back to 9600 baud , the command ATBD3 , WR , CN will do the trick . ]
Connect your second XBee and again use the +++ sequence to go into command mode .
Then issue this command : ATID3332 , DH0 , DL0 , MY1 , BD4 , WR, CN
The only difference here is that for the second XBee , you set the destination address to 0 and the local address to 1 .
The two XBees are now configured to talk to each other .
Step 2 : Set up the breadboard with a 3.3 Volt regulator for powering the XBee radio .
The 3.3V regulator used in this example is arranged ( from left to right ) Ground - Output - Input , which is different from the 5 Volt one .
Make sure that you wire it correctly so that you do n't fry the regulator or anything else on your board .
The XBee module is powered with 3.3 Volts and connected to the RX and TX pins 0 and 1 of the Arduino .
An LED is connected to pin 13 , and the base of a transistor is connected to pin 12 .
The transistor 's collector is connected to the reset pin and the emitter is connected to ground TOP VIEW : XBee running on 3.3 Volt regulated Arduino breadboard with transistor controlling Arduino reset pin .
SCHEMATIC VIEW : Programming Arduino Wirelessly .
Click to enlarge .
Step 3 : Load the following example code on the Arduino microcontroller , initially using a wired serial or USB connection .
The easy way to do this is to put the Arduino microcontroller into one of the regular Arduino boards and upload the code normally .
/* Programming Arduino Wirelessly * ------------ *
This program waits for a * reset serial message from a remote computer , * then resets the Arduino chip after a delay to allow the microcontroller to * accept an upload of new code from a remote device .
* Robert Faludi * [ email protected ] */ int led Pin = 13 ; // LED connected to digital pin int transistor Pin = 12 ; void setup ( ) { pinMode ( ledPin , OUTPUT ) ; // sets the digital pin as output pinMode( transistorPin , OUTPUT ) ; blinkLED( ledPin , 2 , 500 ) ; // startup blink delay ( 1000 ) ; Serial.begin( 19200 ) ; // start serial at 19200 baud , same as programmer speed } void loop ( ) { blinkLED ( ledPin , 1 , 250 ) ; if ( Serial.available ( ) >
0 ) { // if there are bytes waiting on the serial port char in Byte = Serial.read ( ) ; // read a byte if ( inByte == '*' ) { // if that byte is the desired character int len = 5 ; // expected string is 6 bytes long char inString [ len ] ; // declare string variable for ( int i = 0 ; i < len ; i++ ) { inString [ i ] = Serial.read( ) ; } if ( strstr ( inString , " reset " ) != NULL ) // check to see if the respose is " reset " resetChip ( 5000 ) ; // reset the chip after waiting for the specified # of milliseconds } } } void resetChip ( int delayTime ) { /* if the project does not typically receive data , and accidental chip resets are tolerable , * this is a simple method that should work just fine .
Otherwise it is recommended that the * reset request string be part of a call - response sequence , be transmitted with a * reserved byte or byte string , or be transmitted in some way out of band , so that it is not * accidentally received . */ Serial.print ( "
Arduino will reset in " ) ; Serial.print(delayTime/1000 , DEC ) ; Serial.print ( " seconds ...
\r " ) ; blinkLED ( ledPin , delayTime / 100 , 100 ) ; // wait for the specified amount of time , doing nothing Serial. print ( "
Resetting NOW .
\r " ) ; digitalWrite( transistorPin , HIGH ) ; // switch on a transistor that pulls the chip 's reset pin to ground } void blinkLED ( int target Pin , int numBlinks , int blinkRate ) { // this function blinks the an LED light as many times as requested for ( int i=0 ; i<numBlinks ; i++) { digitalWrite ( targetPin , HIGH ) ; // sets the LED on delay ( blinkRate ) ; // waits for a second digital Write ( target Pin , LOW ) ; // sets the LED off delay ( blinkRate ) ; } } Once the code has been loaded , replace the Arduino microcontroller into the breadboard setup .
You are now ready to upload code wirelessly !
Step 4 : Attach one XBee to your computer so that you can communicate with it from a serial terminal program , and also from the Arduino program .
As mentioned above , my example circuit for XBee firmware uploads works great for this .
The other remote XBee will be mounted on your Arduino breadboard , as shown in Step 2 .
FLOW DIAGRAM : Programming Arduino wirelessly using XBee radios .
When you are ready to upload a new code to the microcontroller : 1 . Have your Arduino program running .
Change the code slightly .
For example you could alter the first line in the loop to be blinkLED ( led Pin , 1 , 1000 ) ; for a slower blinking light .
Leave the Arduino program running .
You 'll need to return to it quickly in a moment .
2 . Open a serial connection to the attached XBee at 19,200 baud .
You can use a program like HyperTerm or ZTerm .
On Mac OS
X you can use the screen program in a terminal window .
( The command would be something like : screen / dev/tty . Keyserial1 19200 ) .
3 . Type the following quickly into the terminal window .
It may work best to copy to the clipboard and paste it all at once : * reset 4 .
You should receive a reply , " Arduino will reset in 5 seconds " .
Disconnect immediately from the terminal program to free the serial port , change to the Arduino program , and click on the button for Upload to I/O Board .
The timing will probably take a little practice at first .
5 . When you 've got the timing right , your code will begin to upload wirelessly to the remote Arduino , and you will officially be living in a brave new world .
Step 5 : Go crazy putting your PAW enabled Arduino systems into impossible places , knowing that you can still fix bugs , make improvements and try out new ideas .
Make sure that your new code always includes the function which monitors for the * reset command !
Extend the above example to multiple Arduino nodes .
See how close you can get to the theoretical limit of 65,536 different devices .
Try adding a Lantronix XPort or WiPort to extend your programming connection over the Internet .
Try using Bluetooth in place of the XBees .
While this will probably cost more and be somewhat less flexible , it could be a useful solution is your project already uses Bluetooth , has fewer than eight nodes , or if you do n't want to connect anything to your laptop externally .
If you are in an adventurous mood , open up your project by allowing others to change the code on your microcontroller .
TOKYO , Japan ( CNN ) --
Even before one reaches the front door of Canon 's headquarters in Tokyo , one can sense the virtual stampede of employees pouring out of the building exactly at 5:30 p.m .
Japan 's birth rate of 1.34 is below the level needed to maintain the country 's population .
In a country where 12 - hour workdays are common , the electronics giant has taken to letting its employees leave early twice a week for a rather unusual reason : to encourage them to have more babies .
Japan is in the midst of an unprecedented recession , so corporations are being asked to work toward fixing another major problem : the country 's low birthrate .
Tell us what you think
At 1.34 , the birthrate is well below the 2.0 needed to maintain Japan 's population , according to the country 's Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare .
Keidanren , Japan 's largest business group , with 1,300 major international corporations as members , has issued a plea to its members to let workers go home early to spend time with their families and help Japan with its pressing social problem .
Watch more on this story
One reason for the low birth rate is the 12 - hour workday .
But there are several other factors compounding the problem -- among them , the high cost of living , and social rigidity toward women and parenting .
In addition , Japan 's population is aging at a faster pace than any other country in the world .
Analysts say the world 's second - largest economy faces its greatest threat from its own social problems , rather than outside forces .
And the country desperately needs to make some fixes to its current social and work structures , sociologists say .
The 5:30 p.m. lights - out program is one simple step toward helping address the population problem .
It also has an added benefit : Amid the global economic downturn the company can slash overtime across the board twice a week .
" It 's great that we can go home early and not feel ashamed , " said employee Miwa Iwasaki .
WASHINGTON , Dec. 22 ( UPI ) --
While it 's difficult to predict , next year 's U.S. federal deficit could reach a trillion dollars , White House spokesman Tony Fratto said Monday .
" It 's going to be large , " Fratto , the deputy press secretary , said at a White House news briefing .
Advertisement
The deficit will reflect the economic slump , a drop in federal revenue and the " large increase in spending over the short term to deal with the financial crisis , " Fratto said , noting passage of a second stimulus bill rests with Congress and the incoming administration of President - elect Barack Obama .
Sunday , Vice President - elect Joseph Biden said a second stimulus package is needed because the Obama administration is likely to inherit the largest deficit in U.S. history -- probably exceeding a trillion dollars .
Biden said a deficit of a trillion - plus would dictate the need for a second stimulus package in the range of $ 600 billion to $ 700 billion .
With England ’s economy gasping in the mid 1970s due to a combination of nosebleed rates of taxation and a currency in freefall , the fortunes of many of its flagship companies similarly reflected the ailing health of a country in decline .
High tax rates and inflation bat 1.000 when it comes to the disappearance of investors , and with Coventry - based carmaker Jaguar in major financial trouble , its executives went to the government for help .
Jaguar was effectively nationalized by the British government in 1975 thanks to skeptical credit markets , and it remained that way until Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher ’s privatization program freed it from government control nine years later .
Jaguar ’s story as a ward of the state looms large as a cautionary tale for future GM and Chrysler buyers , two formerly great U.S. automakers who ’ve recently asked for and received government help .
While Jaguar ’s sleek styling never disappeared during its nationalized years , the quality of its cars surely did .
For anyone who knew Jaguar owners during the ‘ 70s and early ‘ 80s , their comments were pretty much uniform : great look and great interior , but the car always needs repairs .
Anecdotally , this writer remembers that Sierra Leasing , a Glendale , CA - based firm that leases luxury automobiles , strongly recommended that its customers avoid Jaguars altogether .
With the cars constantly breaking down , it was n’t worth the hassle and low levels of customer satisfaction for Sierra to secure the automaker ’s products for clients .
Jaguar ’s demise was easily explainable .
Freed from basic market pressures imposed by consumers with regard to quality , Jaguar could foist unreliable cars onto the marketplace without worry .
While private companies face bankruptcy if they regularly fail customers , Jaguar ’s access to the funds of hapless taxpayers made consumer satisfaction irrelevant .
And though the quality of its cars never fell to the level of East Germany ’s Trabant , the auto of “ choice ” for citizens of the communist bloc of countries , Jaguar ’s brand gradually plummeted .
Indeed , no advertizing campaign could make up for frequent Jaguar sightings at auto - repair bays wherever the car was sold .
In later years , after Thatcher ’s aforementioned privatization program , Jaguar owners would hasten to explain their purchase of same with assurances that they ’d purchased their model after the British government had returned the brand to the private sector .
And to the extent that models made between 1975 - 84 remained in working condition , this was frequently thanks to replacement of the original engine with one not produced by Jaguar .
Fast forward to today , over the past few weeks Chrysler has begun a new ad campaign .
Spending money presumably provided by America ’s similarly hapless taxpayers , Chrysler CEO Bob Nardelli has taken out full - page ads in major U.S. newspapers thanking “ America ” for “ investing in Chrysler . ”
Could Nardelli really be this naïve ?
Indeed , if we ignore the basic truth that many Americans looked askance at the government ’s rescue , did it ever occur to him that the very government help that he and GM CEO Richard Wagoner deemed essential was in fact a brand killer ?
The regular protest from Wagoner and Nardelli with regard to bankruptcy had to do with what the latter would mean for sales .
Supposedly consumers would n’t buy the products of a bankrupt firm despite polls suggesting otherwise , not to mention the greater reality that post 9/11 , Americans regularly flew bankrupt airlines .
Circuit City filed for bankruptcy in the fall , but this did n’t keep it from shelving its existing ad campaign , nor did it keep customers out of its stores .
The question not asked by Messrs .
Nardelli and Wagoner had to do with how consumers would view firms explicitly on the federal dole .
Would n’t this itself kill sales given the many Americans not pleased with the bailout ?
And to the extent that the bailout does n’t offend the sensibilities of all potential car buyers , would n’t acceptance of federal money on its face signal to consumers that the brands in question are n’t worth the risk ?
Most importantly , and with Jaguar ’s history in mind , are n’t nationalized entities ( think Amtrak , landline telcos in Europe , Aeroflot in Soviet Russia ) notorious for offering low - quality products inefficiently ?
Given the British government ’s “ successful ” oversight of Jaguar ’s demise , are Nardelli and Wagoner really so gullible as to believe that U.S. politicians and bureaucrats , not to mention a future car “ czar ” , will somehow be more effective ?
And for the various “ green ” politicians who see a nationalized U.S. auto industry as the path toward ubiquitous hybrids , their stridency may well be environmentalism ’s Vietnam .
Whatever the truth about “ global warming ” , one sure way to turn voters off when it comes to the theory of climate change will be for our nationalized carmakers to produce green cars that constantly need repairs .
So while the bailout of GM and Chrysler was unfortunate for the continued waste of physical , human and financial capital , it ca n’t be stressed enough that its biggest victims will be its supposed beneficiaries .
History , from the Trabant to the Jaguar , reveals the ineffective nature of government control over anything .
And if Americans looked askance at the bailout of firms known at the very least for making passable cars , just wait for the certain outcry that will materialize when the products of our nationalized carmakers come off the assembly line .
If Americans are already mad , their anger is a quiet preview of what lies ahead .
Suzanne Somers Slapped With Lawsuit Over Failed Business Venture
is an actress and entrepreneur who has several successful business ventures under her belt .
Her latest venture , Suzanne 's Kitchen barely got off the ground before she turned tail and walked away , leaving an investor holding the bag .
Louisville businessman and bankrollerfiled suit in Fayette Circuit Court seeking $ 400,000 .
Somers latest brainchild was a do - it - yourself meal prep franchise that was touted in promotional materials as a way to " bring back the family dinner . "
Suzanne 's Kitchen offered ingredients for a number of meals , and customers would come into the store to assemble the dishes , then take them home and pop them into the freezer or immediately bake and serve .
The actress hooked up with former Kentucky governor John Y. Brown and they held the grand opening of their first flagship business in November 2006 in the Tates Creek Center of Lexington .
A few short months later , in February 2007 , the doors were closed .
According to Somers ' partner Brown , the start up fell apart quickly because Suzanne altered the original concept , decided to offer up only organic ingredients , making the venture " impractical and uneconomical . "
He threatened to sue Somers for $ 5 - $ 10 million , making Bouchillon 's suit look like a request for chump change .
Bouchillon 's attorney , W. Craig Robertson III said , " In reality , there was no agreement that had been reached ... and ultimately Suzanne pulled the plug on the whole arrangement .
That left everybody hold the bag , including my client . "
A Palestinian demonstrator dressed as Santa Claus uses a sling - shot to hurl stones at Israeli border police during a demonstration against Israel 's separation barrier in the West Bank village of Bilin near Ramallah , Friday , Dec. 26 , 2008 .
Israel says the barrier is necessary for security while Palestinians call it a land grab .
( AP Photo / Muhammed Muheisen )
An explosion from an Israeli missile strike in the northern Gaza Strip as seen from the Israeli community of Netiv Hasara , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Bernat Armangue )
In this image taken from APTN video men stand outside a destroyed police station after Israeli aircraft struck Hamas security compounds across Gaza in Gaza City on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Hamas and medics reported that dozens of people were killed and that others were still buried under the rubble .
The strikes caused widespread panic and confusion , as black clouds of smoke rose above Gaza .
( AP Photo / APTN )
In this image taken from APTN video young men carry a badly injured man on a stretcher to an awaiting vehicle as debris lies in the road after Israeli aircraft struck Hamas security compounds across Gaza in Gaza City on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Hamas and medics reported that dozens of people were killed and that others were still buried under the rubble .
The strikes caused widespread panic and confusion , as black clouds of smoke rose above Gaza .
( AP Photo / APTN )
In this image taken from APTN video , Palestinian men carry two injured children into hospital after Israeli aircraft struck Hamas security compounds across Gaza in Gaza City on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Hamas and medics reported that dozens of people were killed and that others were still buried under the rubble .
The strikes caused widespread panic and confusion , as black clouds of smoke rose above Gaza .
( AP Photo / APTN )
Palestinian firefighters try to assist at the site of a security compound used by the Islamic group Hamas following an Israeli missile strike in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar )
Israeli soldiers run away to avoid a stun grenade thrown by another soldier by mistake during clashes with Palestinians , following a demonstration against the Israeli missiles strike on Gaza , at the Kalandia checkpoint between the West Bank city of Ramallah and Jerusalem Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes attacked dozens of security compounds across Hamas - ruled Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Muhammed Muheisen )
Palestinian relatives of security force officers of the Islamic group Hamas react after seeing their bodies at Shifa hospital in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from Gaza pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of air strikes Saturday , killing at least 155 and wounding more than 310 in the bloodiest day in Gaza in decades .
( AP Photo / Adel Hana )
Palestinian children and a man wounded in Israeli missile strikes are seen in the emergency area at Shifa hospital in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Khalil Hamra )
Palestinians run for cover following an Israeli missile strike in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar )
Palestinians gather at the site of a security compound used by the Islamic group Hamas following an Israeli missile strike in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar )
Palestinians wounded in Israeli missile strikes are seen in the emergency area at Shifa hospital in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Khalil Hamra )
A Palestinian man wounded in an Israeli missile strike is carried into the emergency area at Shifa hospital in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
Palestinian women run away during clashes between Israeli soldiers and Palestinians , following a demonstration against the Israeli missiles strike on Gaza , at the Kalandia checkpoint between the West Bank city of Ramallah and Jerusalem Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes attacked dozens of security compounds across Hamas - ruled Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Muhammed Muheisen )
Smoke rises over Gaza City , following an Israeli air strike at the Palestinian police headquarters in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from Gaza pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of air strikes Saturday , killing at least 155 and wounding more than 310 in the bloodiest day in Gaza in decades .
( AP Photo / Ashraf Amra )
Israeli soldiers fire rubber bullets and throw stun grenades at Palestinian demonstrators during clashes following a demonstration against the Israeli missiles strike on Gaza , at the Kalandia checkpoint between the West Bank city of Ramallah and Jerusalem on Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from Gaza pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of air strikes Saturday , killing at least 155 and wounding more than 310 in the bloodiest day in Gaza in decades .
( AP Photo / Muhammed Muheisen )
A Palestinian security force officer carries a wounded girl into the emergency room at Shifa hospital in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from Gaza pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of air strikes Saturday , killing at least 155 and wounding more than 310 in the bloodiest day in Gaza in decades .
( AP Photo / Majed Hamdan )
Smoke rises from Israeli missile strikes in the northern Gaza Strip as seen from the Israeli community of Netiv Hasara , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli aircraft struck Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in an unprecedented series of simultaneous strikes .
Hamas and medics reported that dozens of people were killed and that others were still buried under the rubble .
Health Ministry official Moawiya Hassanain said at least 120 people were killed .
( AP Photo / Tsafrir Abayov )
A Palestinian women and supporter of Hamas accompanied by a child are seen during a protest in Damascus , Syria on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 against an Israeli raid on Gaza that killed some 145 Palestinians .
Israeli warplanes attacked dozens of security compounds across Hamas - ruled Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Bassem Tellawi ) .
A Palestinian man gives an Hamas Islamic symbol during a protest in Damascus , Syria on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 against an Israeli raid on Gaza that killed some 145 Palestinians .
Israeli warplanes attacked dozens of security compounds across Hamas - ruled Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Bassem Tellawi )
Hundreds of Hamas supporters protest in Damascus , Syria on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 against an Israeli raid on Gaza that killed some 145 Palestinians .
Israeli warplanes attacked dozens of security compounds across Hamas - ruled Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo Bassem / Tellawi )
A Palestinian woman cries during a protest in Damascus , Syria on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 against an Israeli raid on Gaza that killed some 145 Palestinians .
Israeli warplanes attacked dozens of security compounds across Hamas - ruled Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of air strikes .
Gaza medics said at least 145 people were killed and more than 310 wounded in the single deadliest day in Gaza fighting in recent memory .
( AP Photo / Bassem Tellawi )
Israeli Arabs and left wing activists wave Palestinians flags during a protest against the Israeli strikes on the Gaza Strip in Tel Aviv , Israel , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from the Gaza Strip pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of airstrikes Saturday , killing more than 200 people and wounding nearly 400 in the single bloodiest day of fighting in years .
( AP Photo / Ariel Schalit )
Palestinians gather in the crater of an Israeli missile strike on a building used by the Islamic group Hamas in Gaza City , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
More than 270 Palestinians , have been killed and more than 600 people wounded since Israel 's campaign to quash rocket barrages from Gaza began midday Saturday .
( AP Photo / Khalil Hamra )
Israeli hospital patients and their families wait in a bomb shelter in Ashkelon Barzily hospital , southern Israel , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from the Gaza Strip pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of airstrikes Saturday , killing more than 200 people and wounding nearly 400 in the single bloodiest day of fighting in years .
( AP Photo / Tsafrir Abayov )
An injured Palestinian prisoner is helped as he and others flee through the rubble of the central security headquarters and prison , known as the Saraya , after it was hit in an Israeli missile strike in in Gaza City , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
More than 270 Palestinians have been killed and more than 600 people wounded since Israel 's campaign to quash rocket barrages from Gaza began midday Saturday .
( AP Photo / Adel Hana )
Palestinian firefighters try to extinguish fire at a burning building after an Israeli missile strike in the Rafah refugee camp , southern Gaza Strip , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes pressing one of Israel 's deadliest assaults ever on Palestinian militants dropped bombs and missiles on a top security installation and dozens of other targets across Hamas - ruled Gaza on Sunday .
Israel 's Cabinet authorized a callup of at least 6,500 reserve soldiers , suggesting plans to expand an offensive against Gaza rocket squads that has already killed some 280 Palestinians .
( AP Photo / Eyad Baba )
Palestinians gather at the scene of an Israeli missile strike on a building in the Rafah refugee camp , southern Gaza Strip , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Gazans cowered in their homes Sunday as Israeli warplanes pressing one of Israel 's deadliest assaults ever on Palestinian militants unleashed missiles on weapons warehouses , a police station , the homes of militant field commanders and dozens of other targets across the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip .
More than 270 Palestinians _ most of them militants _ have been killed and more than 600 people wounded since Israel 's campaign to quash rocket barrages from Gaza began midday Saturday .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar , MaanImages )
A bulldozer tries to push sand on a fire after an Israeli missile strike on a building in the Rafah refugee camp , southern Gaza Strip , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Gazans covered in their homes Sunday as Israeli warplanes pressing one of Israel 's deadliest assaults ever on Palestinian militants unleashed missiles on weapons warehouses , a police station , the homes of militant field commanders and dozens of other targets across the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar , MaanImages )
A Palestinian family rushes from the scene of an Israeli missile strike on a building in the Rafah refugee camp , southern Gaza Strip , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Gazans cowered in their homes Sunday as Israeli warplanes pressing one of Israel 's deadliest assaults ever on Palestinian militants unleashed missiles on weapons warehouses , a police station , the homes of militant field commanders and dozens of other targets across the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip .
More than 270 Palestinians , most of them militants , have been killed and more than 600 people wounded since Israel 's campaign to quash rocket barrages from Gaza began midday Saturday .
( AP Photo / MaanImages , Hatem Omar )
Israeli police officers scuffle with Israeli left wing activists during a protest against the Israeli strikes on the Gaza Strip , in Tel Aviv , Israel , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from the Gaza Strip pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of airstrikes Saturday , killing more than 200 people and wounding nearly 400 in the single bloodiest day of fighting in years .
( AP Photo / Ariel Schalit )
An Israeli soldier prays on top of a tank at a staging area near the Sufa Crossing just outside the southern Gaza Strip , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Gazans cowered in their homes Sunday as Israeli warplanes pressing one of Israel 's deadliest assaults ever on Palestinian militants unleashed missiles on weapons warehouses , a police station , the homes of militant field commanders and dozens of other targets across the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip .
More than 270 Palestinians , most of them militants , have been killed and more than 600 people wounded since Israel 's campaign to quash rocket barrages from Gaza began midday Saturday .
( AP Photo / Sebastian Scheiner )
Palestinians throw rocks at Israeli soldiers during a protest against Israeli strikes in Gaza in the Jerusalem neighborhood of A - tur , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from Gaza pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of air strikes Saturday , killing at least 155 and wounding more than 310 in the bloodiest day in Gaza in decades .
( AP Photo / Dan Balilty )
An injured Palestinian security force officer from Hamas crawls as he waits for assistance at the site of an Israeli missile strike at the security headquarters in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from the Gaza Strip pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of airstrikes Saturday , killing more than 200 people and wounding nearly 400 in the single bloodiest day of fighting in years .
( AP Photo / Thaer Al - Hasani )
An Israeli police officer inspects damage to a house that was hit by a rocket fired by Palestinian militants in Gaza which killed a man in the southern Israeli town of Netivot near Gaza , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from the Gaza Strip pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of airstrikes Saturday , killing more than 200 people and wounding nearly 400 in the single bloodiest day of fighting in years .
( AP Photo / Sebastian Scheiner )
A Palestinian man wounded in an Israeli missile strike is carried into the emergency area at Shifa hospital in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
A Palestinian girl wounded in an Israeli missile strike is carried into the emergency area at Shifa hospital in Gaza City , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes retaliating for rocket fire from Gaza pounded dozens of security compounds across the Hamas - ruled territory in unprecedented waves of air strikes Saturday , killing at least 155 and wounding more than 310 in the bloodiest day in Gaza in decades .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
Palestinians carry the body of a Palestinan from the rubble following an Israeli missile strike in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar )
Palestinians gather at the site of a security compound used by the Islamic group Hamas following an Israeli missile strike in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar )
Palestinians carry the body of a Palestinian killed in an Israeli missile strike in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , Saturday , Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Israeli warplanes demolished dozens of Hamas security compounds across Gaza on Saturday in unprecedented waves of simultaneous air strikes .
Gaza medics said more than 120 people were killed and more than 250 wounded .
( AP Photo / Hatem Omar )
Palestinian prisoners flee over the rubble of the central security headquarters and prison , known as the Saraya , after it was hit during an Israeli missile strike , in Gaza City , Sunday , Dec. 28 , 2008 .
Some 280 Palestinians have been killed and 600 people wounded since Israel 's campaign to quash rocket barrages from Gaza began midday Saturday , a Gaza health official said .
Most of the dead were Hamas police .
( AP Photo / Adel Hana )
In this image taken from APTN video young men carry a badly injured man on a stretcher to an awaiting vehicle after Israeli aircraft struck Hamas security compounds across Gaza in Gaza City on Saturday Dec. 27 , 2008 .
Hamas and medics reported that dozens of people were killed and that others were still buried under the rubble .
The strikes caused widespread panic and confusion , as black clouds of smoke rose above Gaza .
( AP Photo / APTN )
Smoke rises above Gaza after another Israeli air strike on a Hamas target , December 29 , 2008 along Israel 's side of the Gaza border .
The Israeli Air Force continued its strike of the Hamas ruled Gaza Strip for a third consecutive day , killing 307 Palestinians in the air raids , as Israel prepared to launch a possible invasion .
You will be martyrs :
These were the words spoken by the surviving sister as her five siblings , Jawaher , four , Dina , eight , Samar , 12 , Ikram , 15 and Tahrir , 17 , lay dying beneath the rubble of their home
Samera Baalusha ( 34 ) carries her surving child Mohamad ( 15 months ) while she waits to see the body of her daughter Jawaher Baalusha ( aged 4 ) during the funeral held for her and four of her sisters who were killed in an Israeli missile strike , on December 29 , 2008 in the Jebaliya refugee camp , in the northern Gaza Strip .
Jawher Baalusha and four of her sisters were killed during an Israeli air raid while they were sleeping together in their bedroom .
A child arrives at Shifa hospital in Gaza City after an Israeli air strike yesterday
Palestinians search for bodies in the rubble of the destroyed house of Hamas senior leader Nizar Rayan after an Israeli missiles strike in the refugee camp of Jabaliya on January 1 , 2009 in Gaza
A Palestinian demonstrator holds a burning police hat aloft outside the Israeli Embassy on December 29 , 2008 in London , England
A Palestinian man reacts after bringing his children who were wounded in an Israeli army incursion into hospital in Gaza City , Monday , Jan. 5 , 2009 .
Israel seized control of high - rise buildings and attacked houses , mosques and smuggling tunnels as it pressed forward with its offensive against the Gaza Strip 's Hamas rulers on Monday , even as a stream of European leaders headed for the region to press for a truce .
( AP Photo / Khalil Hamra )
Flares from Israeli forces ' operations are seen over Gaza City , as seen from southern Israel , Monday , Jan. 5 , 2009 .
Israeli forces pounded Gaza Strip houses , mosques and smuggling tunnels on Monday from the air , land and sea , killing at least seven children as they pressed a bruising offensive against Palestinian militants .
( AP Photo / Bernat Armangue )
An Israeli soldier wounded in the Gaza Strip arrives at Soroka Hospital in the southern Israeli town of Beersheba , Monday , Jan. 5 , 2009 .
The expansion of Israel 's offensive against Gaza 's Hamas rulers into ground battles and artillery salvos is taking a heavier toll on the civilians of the crowded sliver of land , including three toddlers killed Monday by the blast of a crashing shell .
( AP Photo / Tara Todras - Whitehill )
Palestinians carry a boy into Shifa hospital in Gaza City , wounded during the Israeli army operation in Gaza , Sunday Jan. 4 , 2009 .
Israeli ground troops and tanks cut swaths through the Gaza Strip Sunday , bisecting the coastal territory and surrounding its biggest city as the new phase of a devastating offensive against the Hamas group gained momentum .
( AP Photo / Ashraf Amra )
A Palestinian man holds his head in his hands as he reacts at the Shifa Hospital in Gaza City , Monday , Jan. 5 , 2009 .
Israeli forces pounded Gaza Strip houses , mosques and smuggling tunnels on Monday from the air , land and sea , killing at least seven children as they pressed a bruising offensive against Palestinian militants .
( AP Photo / Ashraf Amra )
An Israeli attack helicopter fires a flare as seen from the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip , Monday Jan. 5 , 2009 .
Israeli forces pounded Gaza Strip houses , mosques and tunnels Monday from the air , land and sea , killing at least seven children and six other civilians , as they consolidated a bruising offensive against Palestinian militants .
( AP Photo / Ariel Schalit )
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , gestures while heading a PLO Executive Committee meeting at his office in the West Bank city of Ramallah , Tuesday , Jan. 13 , 2009 .
Israeli ground troops battled Palestinian militants in the streets of a densely populated Gaza City neighborhood early Tuesday , destroying dozens of homes and sending terrified residents running for cover as gunfire and explosions echoed in the distance .
( AP Photo / Muhammed Muheisen )
An Israeli army mortar squad fires a round towards a target in the Gaza Strip , from the Israel side of the border , in southern Israel , Monday Jan. 12 , 2009 .
Israeli warplanes pounded the homes of Hamas leaders in the Gaza Strip and ground troops edged ever closer to the territory 's densely - populated urban center Monday but reported casualties were low , an indication that Hamas was largely avoiding pitched battles with the advancing Israelis ( AP Photo / Bernat Armangue )
An Israeli Army soldier prepares for morning prayers next to his armoured vehicle on the Israeli side of Israel - Gaza border Tuesday , Jan. 13 , 2009 .
Israeli troops advanced into Gaza suburbs for the first time early Tuesday , residents said , hours after Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned Islamic militants that they face an " iron fist " unless they agree to Israeli terms for an end to war in the Gaza Strip .
( AP Photo / Anja Niedringhaus )
An Israeli soldier prays on top of a mobile artillery position in a staging area near Israel 's border with Gaza , Tuesday , Jan. 13 , 2009 .
Israeli troops advanced into Gaza suburbs for the first time early Tuesday , residents said , hours after Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned Islamic militants that they face an " iron fist " unless they agree to Israeli terms for an end to war in the Gaza Strip .
( AP Photo / Sebastian Scheiner )
Israeli army armored vehicles drives towards Israel 's border with the Gaza Strip on a combat mission , Monday , Jan. 12 , 2009 .
Israeli warplanes pounded the homes of Hamas leaders in the Gaza Strip and ground troops edged ever closer to the territory 's densely - populated urban center Monday but reported casualties were low , an indication that Hamas was largely avoiding pitched battles with the advancing Israelis .
( AP Photo / Sebastian Scheiner )
A relative leans over the body of Palestinian Islamic jihad militant Muhammed Al - Hour , in his family house during his funeral , in Rafah refugee camp , southern Gaza Strip , Tuesday , Jan. 13 , 2009 .
Israeli troops advanced into Gaza suburbs for the first time early Tuesday , residents said , hours after Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned Islamic militants that they face an " iron fist " unless they agree to Israeli terms for an end to war in the Gaza Strip .
( AP Photo / Khaled Omar )
Mariam Khalid , 2 , holds a Palestinian flag with writing in Arabic reading " An Arab Palestine " as she is held by her mother Nagwa , at a candlelit vigil in a show of mourning and support for those who have died in Gaza , at Talaat Harb square in downtown Cairo , Egypt , Monday , Jan. 12 , 2009 .
Israel 's offensive in Gaza has sparked widespread anger across the Middle East , and Egypt , which shares a border with Gaza , has come under criticism for only allowing limited openings of its border - a move seen by many as abetting Israel 's siege of Gaza 's 1.4 million residents .
( AP Photo / Ben Curtis )
A Palestinian runs past graffiti reading " the anniversary of the movement of the free " as smoke rises following an explosion caused by Israeli military operations in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , Tuesday , Jan. 13 , 2009 .
Israeli troops advanced into Gaza suburbs for the first time early Tuesday , residents said , hours after Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned Islamic militants that they face an " iron fist " unless they agree to Israeli terms for an end to war in the Gaza Strip .
( AP Photo / Eyad Baba )
Palestinians salvage belongings from an apartment building following an Israeli airstrike in Gaza City , Tuesday , Jan.13 , 2009 .
Israeli troops advanced into Gaza suburbs for the first time early Tuesday , residents said , hours after Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned Islamic militants that they face an " iron fist " unless they agree to Israeli terms for an end to war in the Gaza Strip . ( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
Fares al - Dali drinks tea as he sits on a pile of wood and cartons in a house in the Shati refugee camp in Gaza City , Monday , Jan. 12 , 2009 .
In the al - Dali family 's two - room shack in the Shati refugee camp , 21 people _ half of them relatives who fled the fighting _ take turns sleeping because the family does n't have enough mattresses .
For lack of fuel , they cook on trash fires _ paper and cartons collected in the neighborhood .
( AP Photo / Adel Hana )
A Lebanese student protester , flashes a V sign during a demonstration to protest against the Israel 's ground attack on the Gaza Strip , in front of the European Commission , in Beirut , Lebanon , on Tuesday Jan. 13 , 2009 .
Israeli ground troops battled Palestinian militants in the streets of a densely populated Gaza City neighborhood early Tuesday , destroying dozens of homes and sending terrified residents running for cover as gunfire and explosions echoed in the distance .
( AP Photo / Hussein Malla )
A shell fired from an Israeli Army tank explodes over a building in the outskirts of Gaza City , as seen from the Israeli - Gaza border
Flares and smoke are seen during an Israeli military operation in downtown Gaza City , early Tuesday , Jan. 13 , 2009 .
( AP Photo / Khalil Hamra )
Israeli reserve soldiers rejoice as they see others crossing back into Israel from a combat mission in the Gaza Strip , Monday , Jan. 12 , 2009 .
Israeli warplanes pounded the homes of Hamas leaders in the Gaza Strip and ground troops edged ever closer to the territory 's densely - populated urban center Monday but reported casualties were low , an indication that Hamas was largely avoiding pitched battles with the advancing Israelis .
( AP Photo / Lefteris Pitarakis )
A Palestinian man reacts as he holds a blood stained sheet at the entrance to Shifa Hospital in Gaza City , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Israeli forces shelled the United Nations headquarters in the Gaza Strip on Thursday , setting the compound on fire as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon was in the area on a mission to end Israel 's devastating offensive against the territory 's Hamas rulers .
( AP Photo / Thaer Al - Hasani )
Palestinians flee their neighborhood following an Israeli army operation in Gaza city , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Israeli forces shelled the United Nations headquarters in the Gaza Strip on Thursday , setting the compound on fire as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon was in the area on a mission to end Israel 's devastating offensive against the territory 's Hamas rulers .
Ban expressed " outrage " over the incident .
( AP Photo / Adel Hana )
United Nations workers and Palestinian firefighters work to try and put out a fire and save bags of food aid at the United Nations headquarters after it was hit in Israeli bombardment in Gaza City , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Israeli forces shelled the United Nations headquarters in the Gaza Strip on Thursday , setting the compound on fire as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon was in the area on a mission to end Israel 's devastating offensive against the territory 's Hamas rulers .
Ban expressed " outrage " over the incident .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
United Nations workers and Palestinian firefighters work to try and put out a fire and save bags of food aid at the United Nations headquarters after it was hit in Israeli bombardment in Gaza City , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Israeli forces shelled the United Nations headquarters in the Gaza Strip on Thursday , setting the compound on fire as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon was in the area on a mission to end Israel 's devastating offensive against the territory 's Hamas rulers .
Ban expressed " outrage " over the incident .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
A United Nations worker surveys the damage from Israeli bombardment at the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Witnesses and U.N. officials said that Israeli shells struck the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City .
The U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon has expressed " strong protest and outrage " to Israel over the shelling of the compound .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
Smoke rises after an Israeli bombing in the Gaza Strip , as seen from the Israeli side of the border between southern Israel and the Gaza Strip , Thursday Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Israeli forces shelled the United Nations headquarters in the Gaza Strip on Thursday , setting the compound on fire as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon was in the area on a mission to end Israel 's devastating offensive against the territory 's Hamas rulers .
Ban expressed " outrage " over the incident .
( AP Photo / Sebastian Scheiner )
A Unitet Nations worker is seen as smoke billows from Israeli bombardment at the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Witnesses and U.N. officials said that Israeli shells struck the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City .
The U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon has expressed " strong protest and outrage " to Israel over the shelling of the compound .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
A United Nations worker surveys the damage from Israeli bombardment at the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Witnesses and U.N. officials said that Israeli shells struck the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City .
The U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon has expressed " strong protest and outrage " to Israel over the shelling of the compound .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
An Israeli soldier stands infront of pale blue 155 mm rounds marked M825A1 .
According to Jane 's Missiles and Rockets the M825A1 rounds are US - made white phosphorus munitions .
A United Nations worker surveys the damage from Israeli bombardment at the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City , Thursday , Jan. 15 , 2009 .
Witnesses and U.N. officials said that Israeli shells struck the United Nations headquarters in Gaza City .
The U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon has expressed " strong protest and outrage " to Israel over the shelling of the compound .
( AP Photo / Hatem Moussa )
A mother and child sit among the ruins of their home in Rafah , southern Gaza , one of 4,000 homes destroyed in the war
Heavy fighting is underway in the Gaza strip as Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak has pledged to continue the war against Hamas until “ peace and tranquillity ” returned to the south of his country .
Hundreds of people have been killed outright and others are still buried under the rubble .
>>
Click on the image to the right to launch a gallery showing the aftermath of the attacks .
Belfast Telegraph
Some time ago Martin F. was sent in by his IT consulting company to help fix some problems with the HR Database at a major European banking / insurance firm .
He admits that the WTF worthy warning signs were there at the onset ( among them being that he was the 4th in a series of consultants assigned to this project ) , but being relatively naive to such things , he accepted the position and spent a year shaking his head in bewilderment and , at the same time , his fists at Rob .
He was an HR ' specialist ' and a true IT genius who had a self - proclaimed hobby of programming in Visual Basic and was , of course , long gone from the corporation .
The HR Access - pool
The problem database held monthly snapshots of information about all the ( over 50,000 ) employees of the bank , such as their names , DOBs , home address , function , fixed and variable salaries going back about 4 years .
Over that period of time , it had expanded to an impressive 2 Million records in size which is not unheard of in any large corporation , but your typical " Select and Group By " query on 200 people took about eight minutes .
However , as Martin came to discover , this was mostly due to the fact the corporate HR database was in reality an Access database sitting on some network fileshare .
Feeding - wise : every month , some 100 local providers from daughter companies would fill - in an Excel - based tool ( created by the infamous Rob ) that exported CSVs and send them by e-mail to the manager of the application .
He would , in turn ...
1. Process every file through a series of checks implemented in Ms Access .
That would export new " Verified CSVs "
2. Consolidate all the verified files into another Access database
3 . Find and remove people who appeared twice and do the necessary corrections ( to avoid them being counted as multiple FTEs ) .
Overwrite the " verified CSVs " with the result
4. Import the CSV's into temporary tables of the master database
5. Perform some more checks and corrections
6. Consolidate the temporary data into the master tables
7. Export all the valuable statistics to Excel files for those who needed them ( mainly the financial reporting ) .
This song and dance took 2 people a week to accomplish .
After that was done : leave 3 days for feedback and corrections from the providers , then go to step 1 and repeat the process for the " final " version .
Ol ' Teller
One of Martin 's first tasks was to correct some flaws in the Excel - based input tool ( which every provider had a different version of since problems were dealt by e-mail on a case - to - case basis ) .
Under the spreadsheet 's ordinary looking thin veneer was a writhing dung heap of undocumented VBA code and WTFs galore that could possibly stand on its own as a separate CodeSOD submission , but for Martin , one procedure stood out as being truly a case of doing something completely wrong .
Private Function Row_Is_Empty ( iRowNr As Long , lLastCol , sh As Worksheet ) As Boolean
Dim j As Integer
Dim is_empty As Boolean
Dim teller As Integer
teller = 0
Dim curr_cell As String
For j = 1 To lLastCol
curr_cell = Trim ( Replace ( sh. Cells ( iRowNr , j ) .
value , Chr ( 10 ) , " " ) )
If curr_cell <> vbNullString
Then
teller = teller + 1
Else
teller = teller
End If
Next j
If teller = 0 Then
is_empty = True
Else
is_empty = False
End If
teller = 0
If is_empty = true Then
Row_Is_Empty = is_empty
Else
Row_Is_Empty = false
End If
is_empty = False
teller = 0
End Function
TURIN , Italy ( Reuters ) - Fiat SpA is in talks with Chrysler LLC over a possible stake in the struggling U.S. automaker , a source close to the Italian group said on Monday .
A worker stands behind a Fiat Ducato vehicle at a production line Russia , May 27 , 2008 .
IREUTERS / Denis Sinyakov
“ Between the two groups , there is talk about Chrysler possibly using Fiat technology in exchange for a stake , ” a source told Reuters , speaking on condition of anonymity .
The source told Reuters a deal with Fiat would help Chrysler make vehicles that produce fewer harmful emissions .
“ To get financing , U.S. ( car makers ) have to show that they are really committed to developing over the short term a new family of vehicles that pollute less , ” the source said .
“ By itself , Chrysler would not be able to meet this condition . ”
The talks between Fiat and Chrysler were reported by auto industry publication Automotive News Europe earlier in the day on its website ( www.autonews.com).
The publication cited unnamed sources as saying Fiat could take a stake of up to 35 percent in Chrysler and give the U.S. automaker access to platforms , engines and transmissions .
Chrysler , the No. 3 U.S. - based automaker behind General Motors Corp and Ford Motor Co received $ 4 billion of U.S. government loans to avert collapse and Chief Executive Bob Nardelli said last week it was counting on $ 3 billion more .
It had requested $ 7 billion of U.S. government aid .
GM , which also received government money , and Chrysler are required to meet cost - cutting targets as a condition of the aid , including reducing labor costs and restructuring debt as well as demonstrating that they have plans to be viable .
“ In today ’s economic environment , talks are going on between companies in all industries -- ours is no different , ” Chrysler said in a statement in response to the reports of talks between the automaker and Fiat .
“ Chrysler LLC as a matter of policy however , does not confirm or disclose the nature of its private business meetings , ” the automaker said .
“ Beyond those partnerships and alliances already announced , Chrysler has no further announcements to make at this time . ”
Chrysler owner , Cerberus Capital Management , declined to comment on the report .
A Fiat representative was not immediately available for comment .
BET ON CHRYSLER’S FUTURE
In an interview with Automotive News Europe in December , Fiat Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne said Fiat was too small to survive the world auto crisis alone and needed a partner to provide enough production volume to be profitable .
One London - based analyst said scale was probably the reason behind Fiat ’s interest in Chrysler , despite the U.S. automaker ’s desperate situation .
“ This is a bet that Chrysler in some form will exist ” in the future , he said on condition of anonymity .
Apart from Ferrari and Maserati , Fiat does not sell cars under its three other brands in the United States .
Before the global downturn in car sales , Fiat had talked with the three U.S. automakers about using some of their idle production lines to make a return to the U.S. market .
A second London analyst said the stake Fiat could take in Chrysler would likely be a token 5 percent .
Fiat would probably use Chrysler ’s dealership network to sell small cars , something lacking in Chrysler ’s product portfolio , the analyst said .
Although Chrysler denies positioning itself for a sale , it has been in talks with other manufacturers .
It said last week it hoped to sell equipment used to make one of its models , the PT Cruiser , which is being phased out this summer .
Seen as the weakest of the Detroit manufacturers , analysts have questioned whether Chrysler can survive without a partner .
Most of its sales are in the U.S. market , where Chrysler posted a 30 percent drop last year .
Chrysler burned through $ 9 billion cash in the second half of 2008 to end the year with $ 2 billion in cash .
It shut all of its U.S. plants for a month from mid December and said last week that some of the shutdowns would be extended .
Fiat and other car makers also have been halting production to lower their inventories of unsold vehicles .
Poor design of their pressure suits led the seven astronauts aboard the Columbia space shuttle to black out almost immediately as the craft started breaking apart during reentry in 2003 , and they were probably killed by the violent contortions , a NASA panel said Tuesday .
Other design flaws with seat belts , helmets and parachutes also could have caused their deaths if they had survived the depressurization and intense buffeting , the panel said in its final report on the incident .
Fixing the deficiencies would not have saved the astronauts because the accident -- occurring at high altitude and hypersonic speed -- was “ unsurvivable , ” the report said .
But such corrections could improve chances of survival in less serious accidents .
Even though parts of the report were redacted to protect the astronauts ’ families , it represents the most graphic and harrowing account of the crew ’s final moments .
Advertisement
NASA officials already knew the astronauts had died from either a lack of oxygen or from striking objects in the cabin , and the report was unable to distinguish between the two possibilities .
But it does catalog all the things known to have gone wrong and provide new details about the crash .
One comforting conclusion in the 400 - page report is that , after the first few seconds , the astronauts were probably unconscious and never knew what was happening .
“ On behalf of their colleagues and families , I can say that we are relieved that we discovered this , ” astronaut Pamela Melroy , deputy project manager for the investigative team , said at a news conference .
The mission was doomed when a piece of foam broke off the external fuel tank during launch on Jan. 16 , 2003 , and damaged the leading edge of Columbia ’s wing .
The wing was not inspected because the prevailing belief was that foam could not cause significant damage .
Advertisement
On its reentry to Earth ’s atmosphere on Feb. 1 , Columbia broke up over Texas , killing all seven astronauts .
A 2003 report angrily blamed the accident on a “ broken safety culture ” at NASA .
The new report said the first problem crew members encountered was their pressure suits , which were not part of the shuttle ’s original equipment .
They were added after the 1986 Challenger disaster .
Because of design problems with the suits , crew members could not keep the visors of their helmets down throughout reentry because it led to high oxygen concentrations in the cabin .
And wearing the suit ’s gloves made it difficult or impossible to perform many tasks .
Advertisement
At the time of the accident , three crew members were not wearing gloves , one did not have his helmet on , and none had the visors down .
The report said the crew members immediately lost consciousness from depressurization .
But “ the crew was doing everything they had been trained to do and were doing everything right , ” Melroy said .
NASA has since made astronauts seal their pressure suits earlier in the reentry , she said .
Advertisement
As the cabin began its wild gyrations during descent , the astronauts were protected only by lap belts .
The upper - body belts did not hold them in place because the inertial locks , such as those on car seat belts , were not designed for such sideways motion .
The astronauts were thrown around violently .
The contortions were exacerbated by the helmets on the pressure suits , which did not conform to the astronauts ’ heads and offered no protection from impacts .
The breakup of the cabin exposed the crew to heat and abrupt deceleration caused by friction from the atmosphere .
The report said “ all crew were deceased before , or by the end of , ” the breakup .
There is no protection in such an event “ except to prevent its occurrence , ” the report said .
Advertisement
Exposure to the near vacuum and the extreme cold of high altitude were also potentially lethal , the report said .
The pressure suits were designed for a maximum altitude of 100,000 feet and a peak velocity of 645 mph -- well below the actual conditions .
Additionally , the astronauts wore parachutes , but they had to be deployed manually , which could n’t be done because the crew was unconscious .
The report said future spacecraft would probably have sturdier bodies that were less likely to break apart .
They would also have better restraints .
New suits and helmets are being designed .
--
Advertisement
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
The holidays are almost here , and Google 's got some freebies for you -- if you sign up soon .
The Gmail team is giving away sets of Gma il - themed stickers right now .
Some are just for fun , like the glittery red Gmail logo sticker .
Others have a specific function in mind , like the Gmail shortcut stickers that you can stick onto your keyboard to help remember hotkeys .
( Google promises they peel off easily . )
There 's also a collectable bookplate - style sticker with a " This belongs to ____@gmail.com " space for your own inscription .
It comes in three designs : one featuring an old - school computer , one with a e-mail - happy unicorn , and one with a friendly robot who 's just beaming with Gmail giddiness .
Google 's willing to send you a set of your own .
All you have to do is ask -- and send a self - addressed , stamped envelope to :
Send me some Gmail stickers already
P.O. Box 391420
Mountain View , CA 94039- 1420
Anyone outside the U.S. should make sure to include an international reply coupon .
Otherwise , a regular $ 0.42 stamp on the inside envelope is all you need .
Google says it 'll send only one per person while supplies last , and -- we know you were wondering -- it promises it wo n't collect any of your contact info .
It 's been nearly thirty years since the last application for construction of a nuclear power plant was filed in the United States .
Despite the age of the reactors already operating , however , the amount of our power generated using nuclear sources is second only to coal .
The energy generated by nuclear plants is also increasing steadily , as delays in refueling shorten and reactors operate for longer periods of time .
However , there are still numerous environmental concerns regarding the waste products generated by American nuclear reactors - by 2010 , the total amount of dangerous waste will exceed 77,000 tons .
Now , researchers have found a way to reprocess that waste using new technology while still generating power .
Conventional reactors in the United States create something called transuranic waste - a byproduct of the uranium used in fission reactions that is highly radioactive and decays very slowly .
This waste is currently stored in sites around the country .
Methods to reprocess nuclear waste exist and are commonly used by the Japanese and French in their reactors - however , the highly toxic nuclear " sludge " ( as scientists call it ) is too unstable to burn in conventional reactors .
The waste from traditional reactors can be reprocessed into a less harmful form with the help of a fusion reactor .
Photo Credit : Angela Wong Now , physicists at The University of Texas at Austin have come up with a way to reprocess nuclear sludge using a much newer technology - nuclear fusion .
In a conventional nuclear reactor , uranium atoms with an extra neutron expel that neutron and release a little bit of heat .
When that neutron strikes another uranium atom , the next atom absorbs that neutron and re-emits it , again releasing heat .
Combined , all of the reactions in the uranium produce a significant amount of heat , which is essentially driven by neutrons .
Fusion power , by contrast , involves fusing together two hydrogen atoms into a helium atom - a process that produces neutrons and a great deal of heat .
By combining a fusion reactor with a fission reactor , the physicists have provided a neutron source to burn the sludge while also producing heat , and therefore electricity , from the fusion reaction itself .
" To burn this really hard to burn sludge , you really need to hit it with a sledgehammer , and that 's what we have invented here , " says Mike Kotschenreuther , senior research scientist with the Institute for Fusion Studies ( IFS ) and Department of Physics .
The fusion reactor UT has developed is called a Compact Fusion Neutron Source , and it depends on a crucial invention called the Super - X Divertor : a method of containment for the high amount of particle flux and energy present in a small fusion reactor .
"
The intense heat generated in a nuclear fusion device can literally destroy the walls of the machine , " says research scientist Prashant Valanju , " and that is the thing that has been holding back a highly compact source of nuclear fusion .
" What 's promising about this technology is its efficiency .
Each CFNS reactor can process the waste of 10 - 15 conventional reactors while generating electricity in the process .
The researchers view it as a bridge technology - a stepping stone from fission to fusion .
Eventually , scientists hope to be able to harness the full power of fusion in a self - contained and self - sustaining plant .
International projects such as the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor are working toward that goal .
The reality is , however , that there is a large amount of nuclear waste waiting to be processed and it needs to be dealt with .
Besides , any research into fusion technology will aid the development of full - fledged fusion reactors such as ITER .
" The hybrid we designed should be viewed as a bridge technology , " says Swadesh Mahajan , a senior research scientist .
" Through the hybrid , we can bring fusion via neutrons to the service of the energy sector today .
We can hopefully make a major contribution to the carbon - free mix dictated by the 2050 time scale set by global warming scientists .
" Nuclear power may still scare many people , but it 's quickly gaining popularity as the effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions accelerates .
If their new reprocessing technology proves feasible , maybe they 'll create some converts .
" Most people cite nuclear waste as the main reason they oppose nuclear fission as a source of power , " says Mahajan .
Kotschenreuther agrees that their inventions might make the general population come around .
" Our waste destruction system , we believe , will allow nuclear power - a low carbon source of energy - to take its place in helping us combat global warming . "---
DALLAS – Jury deliberations begin Wednesday morning in the case of five men accused of routing millions of dollars to Hamas .
Closing arguments in the terror - support trial of the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development ( HLF ) and its former officers ended late Tuesday afternoon .
After the second full day of hearing from attorneys , U.S. District Judge Jorge A. Solis suggested jurors select a foreperson and go home for the evening .
The men are accused of routing millions of dollars to Hamas through a series of Palestinian charities prosecutors say were controlled by the terrorist group .
But defense attorneys cast the men as humanitarians merely seeking to assuage the suffering of Palestinian women and children living under occupation .
Any heated rhetoric jurors saw on videotapes of HLF fundraising rallies or on wiretaps involving the defendants was the result of frustration , they said , and not a desire to help Hamas .
In the government 's final word , federal prosecutor James Jacks said that by giving money to Palestinian charities , known as zakat committees , that were controlled by Hamas , the defendants contributed to Hamas ' stated goal of impeding efforts to resolve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict peacefully .
That , in turn , perpetuates the suffering the defendants claim they want to relieve .
He pointed to documents showing HLF as an organization , and three defendants individually , were part of a Palestine Committee created to help Hamas in America .
The committee was led by Mousa Abu Marzook , a Hamas leader .
All this happened before support for Hamas was illegal , Jacks conceded , but the defendants broke the law when their work continued in spite of the change in law .
This is the second trial for the HLF defendants .
A year ago , jurors deliberated for 19 days before determining they were hopelessly deadlocked on most counts , resulting in a mistrial .
Prosecutors made significant changes to their presentation the second time around , some of which emerged unscathed in defense closing arguments .
For instance , Georgetown University professor Bruce Hoffman testified as an expert witness in the retrial .
He told jurors that charitable / social arms were staples of successful terrorist movements .
The Hamas charter specifies the need for a social arm of the organization .
Defense attorney Joshua Dratel , who represents Mohamed El - Mezain , told jurors that Hoffman did not mention zakat committees , but no one contested Hoffman 's overall assertion .
Nor was much said about three documents from the Palestinian Authority that were not in evidence in the first trial .
One document showed the PA considered HLF to be among the international sources of Hamas funding .
Another , a 2001 report from PA security , said the Ramallah zakat committee was " associated with the Hamas movement and some of them are activists in the Movement . "
Bank records show HLF sent $ 494,000 to the Ramallah committee from 1991 - 2001 .
Dratel tried to minimize the PA documents , saying they looked as if they were based on media reports .
Dratel , along with other defense attorneys , argued that jurors should listen instead to Edward Abington , a former U.S. consul general in Jerusalem and later a lobbyist for the PA .
Abington visited zakat committees and testified he was never informed they had any Hamas connection .
In contrast , the defense attorneys tried to discredit a lawyer for the Israeli Security Agency who testified anonymously as a prosecution expert under the name " Avi . "
Throughout the day , defense attorneys cited his anonymity , saying it deprived the jury a chance to assess his background and previous writings .
In addition , they claimed , there were no repercussions if Avi lied on the stand since his identity is n't known .
" They want you to believe an anonymous witness with a strong stake in this case rather than someone appointed by the President of the United States , " Dratel said .
And several took offense at federal prosecutor Barry Jonas 's statement in closing arguments Monday that Abington " does n't know squat . "
While he had access to U.S. intelligence briefings , Abington was not informed about intelligence and criminal investigations .
But the use of the word " squat " was treated as an obscenity Tuesday , with Dratel saying he would n't repeat the word , which was " beneath them , beneath you and beneath all of us . "
Some defense arguments were designed to minimize exposure by individual clients .
Dratel noted a dearth of wiretaps involving his client after 1997 , when Congress passed legislation making support for Hamas illegal .
And Marlo Caddedu , who represents Mufid Abdelqader , portrayed him as a bit player who performed in a band featured at HLF fundraisers .
He is " a singer , a volunteer and a brother , " she said .
Abdelqader 's half brother is Hamas political leader Khaled Mishaal .
There was no evidence he held a position of authority within HLF or had any say in where its money went .
" The government is trying to make him more important than he is , " Caddedu said .
She pointed to a video jurors saw of a skit in which Abdelqader plays a Hamas member who strangles an Israeli civilian after saying " I am Hamas , O dear ones . "
It was n't a confession , she said , any more than the actor portraying the Israeli was a Zionist .
" This is drama .
This is performance .
It may not be something you would see on Broadway , " Caddedu said , but it was " pure , protected free speech . "
Linda Moreno , who represents Ghassan Elashi , recounted steps she said her client took to comply with the new laws against support for Hamas , even if he disagreed with them .
He hired a lawyer to find out why news stories were linking HLF to Hamas , she said .
The lawyer asked the Israeli ambassador , the FBI and the State Department seeking information .
He received nothing in response .
Elashi even went to Washington to meet with top Treasury Department officials seeking guidance .
That , Moreno said , are actions of a responsible principal of a charity .
" The whole point is to keep the humanitarian aid going .
They 're not going to jeopardize that . "
She spoke with the greatest passion about Palestinian life under occupation .
Prosecutors say the social element is crucial to Hamas because it wins the hearts and minds of the local population .
" If it was so very easy , " she said , " one wonders why the Israelis did n't feed the Palestinians . "
As she did in the first trial , she decried the " cynicism and cruelty " of the prosecution , asking where Palestinians can turn to get the relief HLF provided before being closed down in 2001 .
In his rebuttal , Jacks said the case did not hinge on any one exhibit or the testimony of any sole witness .
He likened it to a jigsaw puzzle , where the pieces all fit together to create a picture .
Defense attorneys wanted jurors to see only individual pieces and conclude they do not show a conspiracy to support Hamas .
He noted the defense emphasis on Palestinian life under Israeli occupation .
" That is their mantra .
That is their excuse , " Jacks said , then asked why there were no expressions of anger toward Hamas for impeding peace .
Finally , he pointed to a series of lies the defendants told in court papers related to other litigation and in interviews with FBI agents .
Those lies showed " a consciousness of guilt . "
An innocent charity helping needy kids would n't need to fabricate explanations , Jacks said .
But HLF was run by Shukri Abu Baker , who advised his colleagues at a 1993 Palestine Committee meeting that " war is deception . "
That was no isolated comment , Jacks argued .
" They were looking toward this day - if and when they were ever called upon – they could tell you the same story they 've told others in life of this conspiracy .
War is deception .
That is what they are attempting to do today with you . "
France : Socialist Party proposes “ counter stimulus plan ”
By Francis Dubois and Pierre Mabut
31 January 2009
The French Socialist Party announced its alternative economic stimulus plan on January 21 .
The announcement came after months of tacit support for the successive rescue measures for the troubled French banking system by the conservative government of Nicolas Sarkozy , including a €360 billion bailout last October .
On December 4 , President Sarkozy had announced a “ massive ” economic stimulus plan for the economy .
The Socialist Party ’s economic plan , entitled “ Acting in a real way against the crisis , ” is to all intents and purposes an extension of Sarkozy ’s plan to save French capitalism at the expense of the working class .
The plan of the Socialist Party ( Parti socialiste — PS ) foresees the injection of € 50 billion of taxpayers ’ money directly or indirectly into the coffers of employers , compared with the € 26 billion allotted under the government ’s own stimulus plan .
The emphasis of the Socialist Party ’s plan is boosting rapidly declining production by boosting consumption , at the household and regional and local state levels , through broader intervention by the French state into the banking and industrial sector .
It closely follows the recommendations of the International Monetary Fund , and matches the amount of money made available by the German coalition government for its own rescue package .
As PS national secretary Martine Aubry presented the plan , “ Our plan mobilises € 50 billion in credit , of which € 10 billion is in capital , which is situated within the margin of 2 to 3 percent of GDP advocated by the experts and the IMF . ”
The alternative plan was presented in the French media as a political comeback and a “ counteroffensive ” by a party in a deep crisis .
The Socialist Party ’s congress last November ended with the election of Aubry as national secretary after an open confrontation between various wings of the SP and an extremely close contest between ex-presidential candidate Segolene Royal and Aubry herself .
The decision of the SP to present a “ counter stimulus plan ” is part of an attempt initiated by several European social democratic parties in the last months of 2008 to present a more radical face .
Aubry had campaigned against Royal under the slogan of “ anchoring the SP to the left , ” while Royal courted the centre - right Democratic Movement party ( Mouvement démocrate ) .
The stimulus plan — except for a few “ reservations ” from a minor figure in the PS leadership , Malik Boutih ( twice lobbied by Sarkozy to join his government ) — was supported by all factions in the PS .
The leader of the so - called left wing , Benoit Hamon , said , “ This is an efficient plan , which tackles the roots of the economic crisis , a comprehensive , an ambitious and credible plan ” giving “ leverage in relationship to the economy . ”
Much was made of the measures designed to increase the money available to those dependent on income support , unemployment benefit or other state allowances .
According to the PS , a lump sum of €500 would be made available to around 12 million people , the legal minimum wage would increase by € 30 before it is due to be raised , and the housing benefit would increase by 10 percent .
There are also measures to influence prices by a reduction of VAT from 19.6 percent to 18.6 percent and a freeze on rents in 2009 and 2010 in areas with high rent increases .
These were presented as benefiting the poorest layers “ with a very strong tendency to consume . ”
Other measures were presented as “ protecting ” workers in employment .
The plan proposes an increase in the amount and duration of payment for layoffs in industry , as well as promoting early retirement to “ make sackings more difficult . ”
But the former minister of the economy under Francois Mitterrand , Michel Sapin , made clear , “ If most businesses that carry out sackings cannot do otherwise , unfortunately , some resort to sackings in order to increase their profitability .
In this case the social plans have to be looked at very closely and have to be in proportion to the means of the enterprise . ”
The plan proposes various incentives for public investments , such as an increase of state funds for the regions and municipalities .
This is meant to enable them to implement previous plans and invest in ecological projects , including a freeze in the reduction of 20,000 staff in hospitals , and a refurbishment plan for hospitals .
The PS proposes the building of 300,000 extra units of social housing .
Measures are put forward to facilitate private investments .
A section is dedicated to state intervention into the economy .
The state has to intervene “ in a compulsory way ” with banks that are recapitalised by the state with stricter conditions attached to bailouts , and other remedial funds .
The state would use various means to influence decisions taken by businesses at the level of tax on benefits , etc .
The PS advocates that the state become a temporary shareholder in industry and services , as has already taken place with the banks .
There follows measures to “ moralise ” the banking and financial systems , “ [ s ] tarting of course with the abolition of all the severance payments and the bonuses of the managers who have led their enterprises into a impasse ; carrying on with a ban for the banks which have received help from the state to pay dividends or to buy their shares back . ”
A bank in receipt of taxpayers ’ money would be obliged to have a government member on its board .
The last section of the counter - plan is dedicated to the reintroduction of some regulation into the banking system , with new laws at the national and European level that include tighter control of CEO incomes and a “ fight against tax fraud and tax evasion . ”
Despite its vague appeals to European - wide financial regulation , the PS counter - plan is nationalistic and utopian .
The origins of the crisis are attributed purely to low wages and lack of consumption in an otherwise healthy and viable economic system .
The plan states , “ Once the worst of the crisis has passed , we refuse to accept the same political choices being repeated which have led to the present catastrophe . ”
The PS ’s assumption is that the French state is in a position to protect the national economy from a crisis that is worldwide .
The inability of the various economic blocs and national states to devise a common solution was clearly revealed at the outbreak of the crisis .
Despite this , every major power has embarked on a protectionist course and decreed its own stimulus and rescue packages , directed against its rivals , none of which has had any effect on the crisis .
Such a national plan can in reality only mean an attack on workers ’ conditions in order to boost the chances of French industry and services in competition with their rivals in Europe and internationally .
This is the meaning of the PS ’s complaint that the Sarkozy government is not spending enough .
Its plan can only be implemented by attacking jobs , working conditions and the wages and income of the working class .
The counter - plan cannot defend jobs .
It is based on the assumption that short - term spending is going to give a “ strong impulse ” to consumption and thereby give a boost to production .
But the employers are busy laying off workers , driving wages down and shutting factories .
The PS plan does not even begin to address the reality of the crisis .
Its stated assumption is that the crisis is due to a lack of consumption due to an imbalance in income distribution , not a crisis of capitalist production itself .
It advocates the reform of a system that cannot be reformed , proclaiming “ a structural crisis of the contemporary model of capitalism . ”
According to the PS counter - plan , the system is not only basically sound , but it will recover sooner rather than later if industry and the banks are helped to ride out the storm .
Overall the PS counter - plan is not fundamentally different from that of the Sarkozy government .
The pro-business newspaper Les Echos writes , “ Concretely these plans must be preceded by a reopening of financial circuits .
The rescuing of the banks is ‘ a precondition , ’ otherwise the money spent will be wasted .
The counter - plan of the PS wants to condition the help given to the banks by demanding they grant credits and that bonuses be scrapped , exactly as the president of the republic has demanded .
On that account both the right and the left are the same .
“ The Sarkozy plan and the Aubry counter - plan propose all in all the same thing for the businesses .
The same focus , in particular on the car industry , whereas according to the IMF the help to the various sectors as in the refinancing of the American car makers is a bad idea . ”
A socialist response to the crisis of the capitalist system would include the expropriation of the banks and the big corporations by the working class so they can be run in order to meet social need .
This presupposes a mobilisation of the working class to take political power and the establishment of a workers ’ government .
AURORA , Colorado ( CNN ) --
In her best year as a mortgage broker , Laura Glick says she made " six figures . "
This week she was one of more than 1,200 people attending a job fair and applying for one of 150 jobs paying between $ 7 and $ 12 an hour at a new Kohl 's department store in a Denver , Colorado , suburb .
Laura Glick says she has a good resume but even getting an interview is difficult .
She has been out of work for seven months and never thought it would take her this long to find a job .
It 's not the kind of job she thought she would be applying for , but she has a case of the jitters just the same .
" Your heart starts to race , and you get nervous even though it is not some big job like you used to have , " she said .
" I 'll take anything at this point . "
Glick is not alone .
Many other people have lost their jobs in this tough economy .
A record number of jobless claims was set last month , when first - time claims hit a 26 - year high of 589,000 claims in one week .
Last week 's claims also broke the half - million mark , 524,000 , according to a new government report cited on CNNMoney.com .
Glick , 29 , has been living on about $ 1400 a month in unemployment benefits , barely enough to cover her rent and health insurance .
To get by she has stopped eating out , given up cigarettes and has stopped taking her pets to the vet for regular checkups .
" Its feels very degrading , some of the places I 'm applying , " Glick said .
" It 's really difficult , and its hard to stay positive , but that 's the only way you 're going to get something is staying positive .
And I 'm hoping everything happens for a reason and the doors that have been closed are going to be the ones that lead to open ones . "
Watch could you be an entrepreneur »
Job seekers have been pouring into a hotel ballroom all week for one of the prized jobs .
They fill out paperwork and then are taken up to a hotel room in groups of ten or so .
The beds have been removed from the room , and they sit in a circle while store managers holding clipboards ask questions .
Most are told they will hear back within three weeks .
But some get word right away .
" Hey guess what .
I got the job , " exclaimed Rebecca Erickson , speaking to her mother on her cell phone .
When the other applicants filed out the managers asked her to stay behind and offered her a job .
She was so excited she forgot to ask how much the job pays .
" It 's only part - time , but I 'll take it .
There 's always room for advancement , and with it being a new store opening you never know , a full - time position may open up , " she said .
Erickson , a 31 - year old single mother of three , has been unemployed for about two months and has been supporting her family on about $ 1400 a month in unemployment benefits and food stamps .
" It 's awesome ;
It 's great ; I love it , " she said .
" To know that I got a job and they have had over a thousand applications come in for this job , and to know that I am the one to get it is just awesome . "
A store opening such as this one is rare .
With unemployment at 7.2 percent nationwide and retail sales down for six straight months , there are more going - out - of - business signs than grand - opening signs .
Most of the applicants came alone , but a set of identical twins came here as a team .
" Where ever he goes , I go , " said Jeri Hines , here with his brother Jerell .
The 23 - year - olds seem to always have a smile on their faces and insist on working together .
They have spent the past year doing odd jobs such as raking leaves and shoveling snow while working on a comic book .
" Its about a girl running around looking for treasure , " Jerell said .
As the Hines twins make their way up to the interview room , their strategy is simple .
" Be really energetic and be sure they know everything they can about you , " Jerell Hines said
On the way out their smiles are still in place , they flash a thumbs up sign and in unison call out , " Keep your fingers crossed . "
All About Jobs and Labor
A new study connects young adults ' use of video games to poorer relationships with friends and family - and the student co-author expresses disappointment at his own findings .
Brigham Young University undergrad Alex Jensen and his faculty mentor , Laura Walker , publish their results Jan. 23 in the Journal of Youth and Adolescence .
The research is based on information collected from 813 college students around the country .
As the amount of time playing video games went up , the quality of relationships with peers and parents went down .
" It may be that young adults remove themselves from important social settings to play video games , or that people who already struggle with relationships are trying to find other ways to spend their time , " Walker said .
" My guess is that it 's some of both and becomes circular . "
For the record , Walker did not stand in the way of her family 's wish for a Nintendo Wii.
Jensen had hoped to find some positive results as justification for playing Madden NFL .
Study participants reported how often they play video games .
They also answered a battery of questions measuring relationship quality , including how much time , trust , support and affection they share with friends and parents .
But the researchers say video games do not themselves mean " game over " for a relationship because the connection they found is modest .
" Relationship quality is one of a cluster of things that we found to be modestly associated with video games , " Walker said .
" The most striking part is that everything we found clustered around video game use is negative . "
Statistical analyses also revealed that the more young adults play video games , the more frequent their involvement in risky behaviors like drinking and drug abuse .
Young adults who played video games daily reported smoking pot almost twice as often as occasional players , and three times as often as those who never play .
For young women , self - worth was low if their video game time was high .
And despite heavy involvement with the research , Jensen does not admit the results to his own family .
For now he holds out hope that future research will exonerate consoles or games designed for multiple players .
He 's also curious how video games may affect young couples .
Nearly three - fourths of college - aged men in the study played video games regularly .
By comparison , just 17 percent of their female counterparts played more than once a month .
" The gender imbalance begs the question of whether chasing a new high score beats spending quality time with a girlfriend or wife , " Jensen said .
###
Walker teaches in BYU 's School of Family Life .
Her colleagues Larry Nelson and Jason Carroll are co-authors on the study .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
More than two - thirds of African - Americans believe Martin Luther King Jr.'s vision for race relations has been fulfilled , a CNN poll found -- a figure up sharply from a survey in early 2008 .
Martin Luther King Jr. waves to supporters from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial on August 28 , 1963 .
The CNN - Opinion Research Corp. survey was released Monday , a federal holiday honoring the slain civil rights leader and a day before Barack Obama is to be sworn in as the first black U.S. president .
The poll found 69 percent of blacks said King 's vision has been fulfilled in the more than 45 years since his 1963 " I have a dream " speech -- roughly double the 34 percent who agreed with that assessment in a similar poll taken last March .
But whites remain less optimistic , the survey found .
" Whites do n't feel the same way -- a majority of them say that the country has not yet fulfilled King 's vision , " CNN polling director Keating Holland said .
However , the number of whites saying the dream has been fulfilled has also gone up since March , from 35 percent to 46 percent .
In the 1963 speech , delivered to a civil rights rally on the Mall in Washington , King said : " I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin , but by the content of their character . "
Watch Obama speak at Lincoln Memorial on Sunday »
" Has that dream been fulfilled ?
With the election of Barack Obama , two thirds of African - Americans believe it has , " CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said .
" Most blacks and whites went to bed on election night saying , ' I never thought I 'd live to see the day . '
That 's what the nation is celebrating on this King holiday :
We have lived to see the day , " Schneider said .
Watch Schneider 's analysis of pre-inauguration polls »
What about the Voting Rights Act , one of the signature achievements of the civil rights movement , which will be reviewed by the Supreme Court later this year ?
Two - thirds of blacks questioned in the poll say the U.S. still needs the Voting Rights
Act today , but white respondents are split down the middle over whether that law is still necessary .
In November , a majority of black respondents said that Obama 's victory signaled a new era in race relations .
The poll suggests that a majority today no longer feels that way , although most blacks predict some improvement on racial issues .
" In the immediate aftermath of Barack Obama 's victory in November , African - Americans were cautiously optimistic about the future of race relations in the U.S. , but some of that optimism has faded since that time , " Holland added .
In November , a majority of blacks for the first time believed that the U.S. would eventually find a solution to its racial problems ; now a majority of blacks believe that race relations will always be a problem in this country .
Blacks do believe that the Obama presidency will be good for them -- 61 percent say that the quality of life for African - Americans will improve over the next four years .
Optimism for a new era has also dropped among whites .
" We saw a burst of enthusiasm about race relations immediately after Obama 's election .
The initial excitement has cooled a bit .
But most blacks and whites still foresee some improvement in race relations , " Schneider said .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted January 12 - 15 .
Pollsters questioned 1,245 adult Americans , including 798 whites and 332 blacks , by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is 3 percentage points for the overall sample and 4.5 percentage points for the breakdowns by race .
All About Barack Obama • Martin Luther King Jr .
I found this on the net today and was shocked that such racists are operating in the open .
This program was funded by a large financial concern that recently went bust :
Our mission is helping to keep our children
White , thus reversing the trend of assimilation and intermarriage .
We accomplish this mission by
• Providing a variety of programs for children , teens , parents , and others , which :
° Enhance White pride
° Convey the beauty , joy , and fun of being White and the richness of our White heritage
° Develop a connection to and love of Europe
° Instill a feeling of being a member of the White family , a great and unique people
° Connect Whites from one generation to the next
° Imbue our children with the desire to stay White and marry White
• Focusing our programs on the otherwise underserved vast majority of young
White people who are not engaged in an intensive
White learning or living experience , such as White day school or overnight White camp
• Removing cost as a barrier to participation whenever possible
• Our Youth to Europe Program , which is the cornerstone of our White continuity initiative .
Based on the overwhelming success of our Youth to Europe Program , we advocate and provide fully subsidized teen Europe experiences
• Awarding grants to White agencies on the North Shore of Massachusetts for new and innovative programs of formal and informal White education , which are directly related to our target population
• Creating resource materials for use in White settings in our community and beyond , which enhance White pride in our children
The assault on Gaza , planned over six months and executed with perfect timing , was designed largely , as Neve Gordon has rightly observed , to help the incumbent parties triumph in the forthcoming Israeli elections .
The dead Palestinians are little more than election fodder in a cynical contest between the right and the far right in Israel .
Washington and its EU allies , perfectly aware that Gaza was about to be assaulted , as in the case of Lebanon in 2006 , sit back and watch .
Washington , as is its wont , blames the pro-Hamas Palestinians , with Obama and Bush singing from the same AIPAC hymn sheet .
The EU politicians , having observed the build - up , the siege , the collective punishment inflicted on Gaza , the targeting of civilians etc ( for all the gory detail , see Harvard scholar Sara Roy 's chilling essay in the London Review of Books ) were convinced that it was the rocket attacks that had " provoked " Israel but called on both sides to end the violence , with nil effect .
The moth - eaten Mubarak dictatorship in Egypt and Nato 's favourite Islamists in Ankara failed to register even a symbolic protest by recalling their ambassadors from Israel .
China and Russia did not convene a meeting of the UN security council to discuss the crisis .
As result of official apathy , one outcome of this latest attack will be to inflame Muslim communities throughout the world and swell the ranks of those very organisations that the west claims it is combating in the " war against terror " .
The bloodshed in Gaza raises broader strategic questions for both sides , issues related to recent history .
One fact that needs to be recognised is that there is no Palestinian Authority .
There never was one .
The Oslo Accords were an unmitigated disaster for the Palestinians , creating a set of disconnected and shrivelled Palestinian ghettoes under the permanent watch of a brutal enforcer .
The PLO , once the repository of Palestinian hope , became little more than a supplicant for EU money .
Western enthusiasm for democracy stops when those opposed to its policies are elected to office .
The west and Israel tried everything to secure a Fatah victory : Palestinian voters rebuffed the concerted threats and bribes of the " international community " in a campaign that saw Hamas members and other oppositionists routinely detained or assaulted by the IDF , their posters confiscated or destroyed , US and EU funds channelled into the Fatah campaign , and US congressmen announcing that Hamas should not be allowed to run .
Even the timing of the election was set by the determination to rig the outcome .
Scheduled for the summer of 2005 , it was delayed till January 2006 to give Abbas time to distribute assets in Gaza – in the words of an Egyptian intelligence officer , " the public will then support the Authority against Hamas . "
Popular desire for a clean broom after ten years of corruption , bullying and bluster under Fatah proved stronger than all of this .
Hamas 's electoral triumph was treated as an ominous sign of rising fundamentalism , and a fearsome blow to the prospects of peace with Israel , by rulers and journalists across the Atlantic world .
Immediate financial and diplomatic pressures were applied to force Hamas to adopt the same policies as those of the party it had defeated at the polls .
Uncompromised by the Palestinian Authority 's combination of greed and dependency , the self - enrichment of its servile spokesmen and policemen , and their acquiescence in a " peace process " that has brought only further expropriation and misery to the population under them , Hamas offered the alternative of a simple example .
Without any of the resources of its rival , it set up clinics , schools , hospitals , vocational training and welfare programmes for the poor .
Its leaders and cadres lived frugally , within reach of ordinary people .
It is this response to everyday needs that has won Hamas the broad base of its support , not daily recitation of verses from the Koran .
How far its conduct in the second Intifada has given it an additional degree of credibility is less clear .
Its armed attacks on Israel , like those of Fatah 's Al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigade or Islamic Jihad , have been retaliations against an occupation far more deadly than any actions it has ever undertaken .
Measured on the scale of IDF killings , Palestinian strikes have been few and far between .
The asymmetry was starkly exposed during Hamas 's unilateral ceasefire , begun in June 2003 , and maintained throughout the summer , despite the Israeli campaign of raids and mass arrests that followed , in which some 300 Hamas cadres were seized from the West Bank .
On August 19 2003 , a self - proclaimed " Hamas " cell from Hebron , disowned and denounced by the official leadership , blew up a bus in west Jerusalem , upon which Israel promptly assassinated the Hamas ceasefire 's negotiator , Ismail Abu Shanab .
Hamas , in turn , responded .
In return , the Palestinian Authority and Arab states cut funding to its charities and , in September 2003 , the EU declared the whole Hamas movement to be a terrorist organization – a longstanding demand of Tel Aviv .
What has actually distinguished Hamas in a hopelessly unequal combat is not dispatch of suicide bombers , to which a range of competing groups resorted , but its superior discipline – demonstrated by its ability to enforce a self - declared ceasefire against Israel over the past year .
All civilian deaths are to be condemned , but since Israel is their principal practitioner , Euro - American cant serves only to expose those who utter it .
Overwhelmingly , the boot of murder is on the other foot , ruthlessly stamped into Palestine by a modern army equipped with jets , tanks and missiles in the longest - armed oppression of modern history .
" Nobody can reject or condemn the revolt of a people that has been suffering under military occupation for 45 years against occupation force , " said General Shlomo Gazit , former chief of Israeli military intelligence , in 1993 .
The real grievance of the EU and US against Hamas is that it refused to accept the capitulation of the Oslo Accords , and has rejected every subsequent effort , from Taba to Geneva , to pass off their calamities on the Palestinians .
The west 's priority ever since was to break this resistance .
Cutting off funding to the Palestinian Authority is an obvious weapon with which to bludgeon Hamas into submission .
Boosting the presidential powers of Abbas – as publicly picked for his post by Washington , as was Karzai in Kabul – at the expense of the legislative council is another .
No serious efforts were made to negotiate with the elected Palestinian leadership .
I doubt if Hamas could have been rapidly suborned to western and Israeli interests , but it would not have been unprecedented .
Hamas ' programmatic heritage remains mortgaged to the most fatal weakness of Palestinian nationalism : the belief that the political choices before it are either rejection of the existence of Israel altogether or acceptance of the dismembered remnants of a fifth of the country .
From the fantasy maximalism of the first to the pathetic minimalism of the second , the path is all too short , as the history of Fatah has shown .
The test for Hamas is not whether it can be house - trained to the satisfaction of western opinion , but whether it can break with this crippling tradition .
Soon after the Hamas election victory in Gaza , I was asked in public by a Palestinian what I would do in their place .
" Dissolve the Palestinian Authority " was my response and end the make - believe .
To do so would situate the Palestinian national cause on its proper basis , with the demand that the country and its resources be divided equitably , in proportion to two populations that are equal in size – not 80 % to one and 20 % to the other , a dispossession of such iniquity that no self - respecting people will ever submit to it in the long run .
The only acceptable alternative is a single state for Jews and Palestinians alike , in which the exactions of Zionism are repaired .
There is no other way .
And Israeli citizens might ponder the following words from Shakespeare ( in The Merchant of Venice ) , which I have slightly altered :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The desperate straits of many U.S. homeowners showed in new data released on Monday , suggesting efforts to help them are having limited success .
A house is seen , which is in foreclosure in Detroit , Michigan December 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
As the recession throws more people out of work , the rate of re-default on modified mortgages is rising and may worsen as the economy deteriorates , banking regulators said .
After much browbeating from Congress , banks and other mortgage lenders are beginning to do more , to modify home loans so that distressed borrowers can avoid foreclosure .
But the latest figures from regulators raise questions about how modifications are being done and how much they help , even as foreclosure rates hit record - setting levels .
“ You have to think that it will get worse before it gets better , ” John Dugan , the U.S. Comptroller of the Currency , said in an interview with Reuters .
Critics say most loan modifications up until a few months ago were temporary and not aimed at providing for sustainable payment plans , so it comes as no surprise that homeowners are defaulting .
At the same time , a lenders ’ group known as Hope Now warned on Monday that the number of U.S. homeowners seeking help to avoid foreclosure would double next year to 2 million .
The housing crisis and the recession will keep Congress busy when it returns on January 6 , 2009 , from a holiday break , and preoccupy President - elect Barack Obama after he is sworn in on January 20 .
Between January 6 and the inauguration , congressional Democrats are expected to introduce legislation urging more aggressive efforts to help those homeowners who are in over their heads .
A bill being drafted by Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank might include a sweeping mortgage relief plan from Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Sheila Bair , a House aide said on Monday .
The bill is sure to insist that more be done to help homeowners under a plan already under way -- the Treasury Department ’s $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program .
That plan , known as the TARP , has given hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to banks and , more recently , to major U.S. automakers .
But Frank and other Democrats contend the TARP is doing little to help homeowners .
WHAT IS LOAN MODIFICATION ?
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of Thrift Supervision , both key U.S. banking regulators , said that after six months , nearly 37 percent of mortgage loans modified in the first quarter were 60 or more days delinquent .
After three months , 19 percent were 60 or more days delinquent or already in the process of foreclosure , they said .
“ One very troubling point is that whether measured using 30 - day or 60 - day delinquencies , re-default rates increased each month and showed no signs of leveling off after six months or even eight months , ” Dugan said in the joint OCC - OTS report .
Possible explanations for the high re-default rate include the faltering economy as well as loan terms were not being modified enough to help homeowners , Dugan said .
But critics said the data were misleading because they included repayment plans that did not significantly modify home loans .
For example , some repayment plans freeze the interest rate for just a year , according to the Center for Responsible Lending , a nonprofit group that aims to help homeowners .
“ You really have to work it out to a sustainable loan , not just one that is designed to default because after a year it ’s going to rise again , ” said spokeswoman Kathleen Day .
A spokesman for IndyMac Bancorp , which was taken over by the FDIC in July , said lenders were only tinkering with loan terms up until a few months ago and not making true modifications .
“ Modifications in the past were never about finding the borrower an affordable payment , ” Evan Wagner said .
“ So I think it should n’t be surprising that you are seeing a lot of these folks redefaulting . ”
The data , some of which was released in preliminary form earlier this month , were based on information collected from some of the biggest U.S. financial institutions , including Bank of America , Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase .
Ms Koune could not get her car off the tracks before the train struck A woman killed as she tried to move her car out of the path of an oncoming train has been named .
Teaching assistant Moira Koune , 30 , of Spalding , Lincolnshire , was unable to reverse her car off the track in nearby South Drove and died at the scene .
Police said her Rover had skidded in icy conditions and hit an oncoming van before coming to rest on the rail line .
Witnesses said Ms Koune , who worked at Cowbit Primary School , had desperately tried to reverse her car off the track .
The driver and passenger in the van told police they tried to help Ms Koune but could not get to her before the train reached the crossing .
Her car was badly damaged by the impact and was pushed some distance up the track .
She was the most loving and caring sister a brother could hope for
Andrew Koune , Ms Koune 's brother Ms Koune 's brother , Andrew , aged 32 , said his sister was planning to marry her fiance later this year .
" As a family , we are devastated by the loss of our beloved Moira , " said Mr Koune .
" Anyone who had the pleasure of meeting her will have had their lives touched by her kindness and generosity .
She was the most loving and caring sister a brother could hope for . "
Maureen Martin , head teacher at Cowbit Primary School , also paid tribute .
" As we are such a small , close - knit school , we are all devastated , " she said .
" Staff and children all miss her like we would miss a family member .
" It is the school 's wish to remember Moira and in discussion with her family we are looking to organise a service of remembrance . "
No -one else was hurt in the incident but some people on the train were treated for shock .
A spokesman for Network Rail said all the equipment at the crossing had been tested and was working properly .
He added that the time between the barriers coming down and trains passing was set by the Rail Inspectorate .
Lincolnshire Police and British Transport Police have started an investigation into the death .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I watched Bill O'Reilly last night interview actor Kirk Cameron on marriage equality , an interview in which Cameron said that civil marriage is not susceptible to any change because it is ordained by God .
Like many of his fellows , Cameron sees no distinction - because there can never be a distinction for fundamentalists - between civil and religious law .
To his credit , O'Reilly asked all the right questions of Cameron , but he kept showing that Youtube of a confrontation in the Castro district , as the bars closed .
O'Reilly has not shown any images of the hundreds of totally positive , peaceful protests that went on across the country last Saturday .
But that clip , like the Jeremiah Wright clips , are being shown over and over again on Fox to polarize the debate , and to whip up fear among conservative Christians .
But who were those people who decided that immediately after the bruising Prop 8 battle , it was necessary to go into the Castro district to urge homosexuals to repent at the very moment on a weekend night when many bar patrons in a nightlife district would be inebriated or otherwise feisty ?
The prayer push was totally within their rights , of course , and should not have been impeded .
But I think we can say it was not exactly tactful at such a raw moment .
As one of their overly - angry protestors put it , " Why here ?
Why now ? '
Well : you get some idea by watching where one of them ended up soon after , at an event in Kansas hosted by Christian Dominionist , Lou Engle , of Joel 's Army .
He is an advocate of total religious war against " demonic " gay people .
And one of the young women who went into the gay neighborhood that night calls for a " mass exodus from the demonic influence of the Castro . "
Dominionists want an end to the Constitution and reimposition of Biblical law .
They truly are the American Taliban .
And when they go looking for a religious war , Fox News is there to help them .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Hormones may explain why woman are more likely to coo over babies than men , scientists said today .
Researchers at St Andrews University looked at how easily women and men of different ages picked out a " cute " baby using computer images .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The study showed women aged up to 51 were able to determine an " attractive " baby by its chubby cheeks , large forehead , big round eyes and button nose - men struggled to distinguish a cute baby from any other .
However women aged 53 - 60 years performed at the same level as men in determining the " attractiveness " of the new - borns .
The researchers say " cuteness sensitivity " is influenced by female reproductive hormones .
Dr Reiner Sprengelmeyer , of the university 's school of psychology , said : " We found that young women between 19 - 26 and 45 - 51 years were more sensitive to differences in infant cuteness than men aged 19 - 26 and 53 - 60 years .
" Because average age at menopause is 51 years in the UK , these findings suggest the possible involvement of reproductive hormones in cuteness sensitivity .
" We therefore compared cuteness discrimination in pre- and post - menopausal women of the same age alongside women taking and not taking oral contraceptives .
" Pre-menopausal women and young women taking oral contraceptives - which raise hormone levels artificially - were more sensitive to variations of cuteness than their respective comparison groups . "
Men and women in the study looked at more than 100 baby photographs and selected 10 of " the cutest " .
From these the researchers combined their characteristics to create one typically appealing face shape .
Another 10 photos were selected to create a " less appealing " baby face shape .
The St Andrews psychologists worked with researchers from the universities of Bern , Bielefeld and York during the study .
Further research will explore whether or not cuteness sensitivity is implicated in post-natal depression .
While the U.S. auto industry is on the brink of collapse , things do n't exactly look rosy on the other side of the pond , either .
The fallout of the financial crisis is forcing cutbacks at most European automakers , including Porsche , BMW , and Daimler .
Bentley and Aston Martin are scaling back production , a sign that even the super - rich are postponing car purchases .
BMW , Daimler Halting Production
BMW is closing several plants for several weeks this month and in January , including its Munich plant , where the 3 - series is built .
Altogether , BMW wants the stoppages to result in 40,000 units fewer than planned .
" The situation on the main markets is very difficult , " said Ian Robertson , board member for sales and marketing at the Bavarian carmaker .
" We have reduced production and aim to keep supply and demand in a balance in the coming months as well . "
Much of BMW 's 2009 launch plans seem patently unsuited to a market characterized by fuel - economy concerns and personal - income woes :
Besides the next - gen Z4 roadster — expected to be priced $ 10,000 higher than its predecessor — BMW is also launching a smaller Rolls - Royce in the $ 200,000 - plus range , a crossover model resembling a fastback 5 - series , and an " M " high - performance version of its decidedly politically incorrect X6 SUV .
Daimler AG , parent company of Mercedes - Benz , will build around 85,000 fewer cars in 2008 than originally planned ; workers in several plants , including the main Sindelfingen facility , will stay home for four weeks .
Daimler is barred by contracts from laying off employees until 2011 , but the company is offering buyouts in order to reduce its ranks by as many as 6000 .
Daimler must now hope for wild success with the next - generation E - class , to be launched in Geneva next spring .
Porsche Sales Dive in North America
Porsche has been hit hard by declining sales , particularly in the United States .
The company just released its U.S. sales figures for November : 1378 units , down 48 percent compared to the same month last year .
The previous months were no better : minus 50 percent in October , minus 45 percent in September , and minus 45 percent in August .
At minus 74 percent last month , the Boxster and Cayman models were the worst performers , although that ’s largely due to an imminent model changeover .
Face - lifted models were unveiled at the L.A. auto show and will hit the market next March .
The Cayenne was down 43 percent and even 911 sales took a 38 - percent dive despite a complete overhaul with new engines and transmissions this summer .
" Sales jumped briefly after the launch , but at the moment , even the 911 is hit by receding sales , " said a company spokesman .
Porsche will halt its 911 production lines in Stuttgart for eight days , and there will be an additional three holidays for employees next year .
As a result , production will be curtailed by nearly 1800 units .
Porsche 's Leipzig plant continues as usual , though , as it is ramping up for production of the Panamera four - door , which will be built beginning next spring .
Porsche would n't confirm that its target of 20,000 units annually still stands .
" We will react flexibly , " Porsche CEO Wendelin Wiedeking said last month .
Finnish manufacturer Valmet may suffer , too .
Porsche contracts with it for assembly of the Boxster and Cayman , and the company will profit from the imminent launch .
But if 911 sales do n't jump , we expect Porsche 's main plant in Stuttgart to take back a sizable portion of Boxster production .
Because of tooling , the Cayman is the only model that cannot be moved from Valmet .
Porsche will pull the plug on Valmet by 2012 altogether , as the next - generation Boxster and Cayman will be built at a Magna Steyr plant in Austria .
While VW and Audi have been able to weather the crisis far better than other carmakers in Europe , they too are expected to reduce production in 2009 .
VW already has dismissed a number of temporary workers .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
WASHINGTON , Nov 13 ( Reuters ) -
The number of U.S. adults who smoke has dropped below 20 percent for the first time on record but cigarettes still kill almost half a million people a year , health officials said on Thursday .
About 19.8 percent of U.S. adults -- 43.4 million people -- were smokers in 2007 .
That was a percentage point below the 2006 figure and followed three years of little progress , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a report .
Smoking and secondhand smoke kill 443,000 people annually from cancer , lung disease , heart disease and other causes , the CDC said .
Half of all long - term smokers , especially those who start as teens , die prematurely , many in middle age .
And smoking burns a large hole in the economy .
Including direct health care expenditures ( $ 96 billion ) and productivity losses ( $ 97 billion ) , the economic burden of smoking on the United States hit $ 193 billion per year , the CDC said .
“ Even though we ’ve come a long way , there ’s a long way to go , ” said Dr. Matthew McKenna , director of the CDC ’s Office on Smoking and Health .
Smoking became widespread in the United States when soldiers fighting in Europe in World War I were given cigarettes , which by that time were made by machines rather than by hand .
After the war , smoking by women also became more accepted socially .
U.S. health officials began systematically tracking smoking rates in the 1960s .
When U.S. Surgeon General Luther Terry issued a landmark report on health hazards of smoking in 1964 , 42 percent of U.S. adults were smokers .
His revelations triggered a long but gradual decline .
Thomas Glynn of the American Cancer Society said the rate was now the lowest since just after World War I .
“ We ’ve begun to come full circle on this , ” Glynn said .
Glynn cited three major recent factors in driving down smoking : smoking bans in public places , higher taxes that drive up prices and more medications to help people quit .
The CDC said smoking still causes at least 30 percent of cancer deaths , including more than 80 percent of lung cancer deaths , as well as 80 percent of deaths from the lung ailment chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
The CDC report found that 17 percent of women smoke compared to 22 percent of men .
Whites ( 21 percent ) smoked at higher rates than blacks ( 20 percent ) or Hispanics ( 13 percent ) .
Asian Americans were lowest ( 10 percent ) and American Indians and Alaska natives were highest ( 36 percent ) .
Among people who never graduated high school , 25 percent smoked in 2007 .
Among those with undergraduate degrees , 11 percent smoked , while 6 percent of those with graduate degrees smoked .
“ The tobacco industry is very good at creating confusion and misinformation .
And the more education people have , the less likely they are to believe some of the myths and misinformation that the industry promulgates , ” McKenna said .
( Editing by Alan Elsner )
IT has been a challenging year for investors , homeowners and Republican candidates , but 2008 was very lucky for sweet caramel seasoned with fancy salt .
The combination has long enchanted French and American chefs , but this year it became one of those rare flavors that works its way from an elite culinary obsession to the American mass market .
Häagen - Dazs introduced a reserve brand of salted caramel ice cream in April .
Six months later , Starbucks began selling salted caramel hot chocolate .
Earlier this month , the flavor showed up in Wal - Mart as one of the selections in a box of store - brand chocolate truffles .
And if those markers of mainstream appeal were n’t enough , President - elect Barack Obama has taken to salted caramels , too .
He likes to treat himself to a Seattle candy maker ’s version , robed in dark chocolate and sprinkled with smoked sea salt .
I think foreign residents in Japan actually seem on average to be better users of chopsticks than the Japanese , although I have absolutely no data to back up that claim , nor a similar claim that most foreigners ’ chopstick skills outdo Japanese ’s cutlery skills .
However , there are a multitude of finer points of etiquette regarding these implements that may not be familiar to many of my readers , nor to me for that matter , so to see what faux pas our hosts may be looking out for , or indeed doing themselves , let ’s look at a couple of surveys from goo Ranking on bad chopstick habits people have and bad manners in others that they can’t help noticing .
Both surveys were conducted between the 20th and 24th of July 2007 .
For me , in Q1 I do 1 rarely , 2 a bit with soba , and 5 sometimes .
One manner not noted is rubbing the ends of your sticks together to get rid of splinters , which is apparently an insult to the restaurant or host that you think their chopsticks are cheap and splinter - prone .
Ranking results
Q1 : Which chopstick bad manners can you just not break ?
Rank 日本語 Explanation Score 1 渡し箸 watashi bashi : Resting chopsticks sideways across the top of dishes 100 2 探り箸 saguri bashi : Stirring soup trying to find that last chunk of tofu , etc 83.1 3 突き箸・刺し箸 tsuki bashi , sashi bashi : Spearing food then eating it 79.1 4 直箸 choku bashi :
Not using the serving chopsticks , but your own sticks to get food from shared plates 71.2 5 もぎ箸 mogi bashi :
Sucking off grains of rice , etc , stuck to the chopsticks 65.4 6 重ね箸 kasane bashi : Eating just one dish continuously 61.9 7 持ち箸 mochi bashi : Grabbing a dish , glass , etc whilst holding chopsticks in the same hand 61.6 8 迷い箸 mayoi bashi : Hovering chopsticks over the dishes while humming and hawing about what to eat 54.4 9 受け箸 uke bashi : Holding chopsticks when asking for more rice 44.8 10 掻き箸 kaki bashi : Holding a bowl to your mouth and shovelling food in 43.0 11 舐り箸 neburi bashi : Licking your chopsticks 27.6 12 撥ね箸 hane bashi : Pushing away disliked food with chopsticks 23.8 13 寄せ箸 yose bashi : Pulling dishes closer with chopsticks 23.5 14 洗い箸 arai bashi : Washing chopsticks in soup 16.3 15 指し箸 sashi bashi : Pointing at people or things with chopsticks 15.7 16 すかし箸 sukashi bashi : Rather than turning over a fish , picking away the meat from under the bones 14.8 17 揃え箸 soroe bashi : Suddenly lunging at dishes with chopsticks ready 13.1 18 空箸 kara bashi : Picking up food but not eating it 8.7 19 移り箸・渡り箸 utsuri bashi , watari bashi : Aiming to pick up one dish , but then suddenly switching to another 8.7 20 涙箸 namida bashi :
Allowing tears of soup to drip from your chopsticks 7.8 Q2 :
Which chopstick bad manners in others can you just not help noting ?
Rank 日本語 Explanation Score 1 仏箸 hotoke bashi :
The gaijin etiquette book favourite , standing your chopsticks up in a bowl of rice 100 2 指し箸 sashi bashi : Pointing at people or things with chopsticks 91.9 3 叩き箸 tataki bashi : Making a noise by striking dishes with chopsticks 90.1 4 寄せ箸 yose bashi : Pulling dishes closer with chopsticks 84.8 5 舐り箸 neburi bashi : Licking your chopsticks 73.4 6 合わせ箸 awase bashi : Passing food from chopstick to chopstick – another foreigner etiquette book favourite 71.0 7 噛み箸 kami bashi : Chewing chopsticks 68.2 8 涙箸 namida bashi : Allowing tears of soup to drip from your chopsticks 67.4 9 突き箸・刺し箸 tsuki bashi , sashi bashi : Spearing food then eating it 62.6 10 せせり箸 seseri bashi : Poking or playing with your food using chopsticks 62.1 11 迷い箸 mayoi bashi : Hovering chopsticks over the dishes while humming and hawing about what to eat 56.1 12 移り箸・渡り箸 utsuri bashi , watari bashi : Aiming to pick up one dish , but then suddenly switching to another 49.9 13 空箸 kara bashi : Picking up food but not eating it 49.5 14 違い箸 chigai bashi : Using a mis-matched pair of chopsticks 48.0 15 洗い箸 arai bashi : Washing chopsticks in soup 46.2 16 撥ね箸 hane bashi : Pushing away disliked food with chopsticks 36.0 17 揃え箸 soroe bashi : Suddenly lunging at dishes with chopsticks ready 35.0 18 掻き箸 kaki bashi : Holding a bowl to your mouth and shovelling food in 33.1 19 持ち箸 mochi bashi : Grabbing a dish , glass , etc whilst holding chopsticks in the same hand 29.8 20 込み箸 komi bashi : Stuffing too much food into your mouth 28.0
Washington -
In his first week as commander in chief , President Barack Obama tried to send the nation and world two messages about American security :
One , that he will do things very differently than George W. Bush did .
Two , that he can keep America safe and strong while doing so .
In a flurry of executive orders and public statements , Obama made the case last week that America can roll back hard - line Bush policies without sacrificing its security .
Not only that , he suggested that an America that gets along better with the world and does n't overreach in the war on terrorism is a stronger , not a weaker nation .
Whether Obama can deliver on that argument will go a long way toward determining the success of his presidency .
For while the economy dominated the Obama transition , he and his advisers know that they will be judged as much if not more on their ability to prevent another attack on U.S. soil and manage threats and crises abroad .
" Earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks , but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions , " Obama said Tuesday in his inaugural address .
" They understood that our power alone cannot protect us , nor does it entitle us to do as we please .
Instead they knew that our power grows through its prudent use ; our security emanates from the justness of our cause , the force of our example , the tempering qualities of humility and restraint . "
Safety and ideals
Two days after that speech , the new president visited the State Department to signal his commitment to diplomacy and issued executive orders reversing a bundle of Bush security policies .
The orders closed CIA detention facilities , directed the closing of the Guantanamo prison within a year , halted military commission trials at Guantanamo and required that the interrogation of detainees follow the Army Field Manual , which does n't allow for some of the harsh methods that have been used by the CIA in recent years .
The order did not end the practice known as " rendition , " sending some suspects to other countries , but Obama officials said there would be no renditions to countries that use torture .
Obama said he wanted to restore " the standards of due process and core constitutional values that make this country great even in the midst of war , " echoing his inaugural address , when he declared that " we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideals . "
In other words , Obama argued that in repudiating controversial Bush security policies , he was n't reducing U.S. defenses , but making " our security stronger , " as White House press secretary Robert Gibbs contended .
And that a more humble and restrained America would be no less single - minded and relentless about defeating its enemies .
Prudence and power
" For those who seek to advance their aims by inducing terror and slaughtering innocents , we say to you now that our spirit is stronger and cannot be broken - you cannot outlast us , and we will defeat you , " Obama said in his inaugural address .
The central thrust of these arguments - that in some cases tougher is weaker , prudence is power , nicer is stronger - will now be tested not in the give - and - take of the campaign but in real - world outcomes on Obama 's watch .
Republicans have made it clear they will measure Obama by his ability to keep the nation attack - free , as Bush did in the time since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Bush " was right to strengthen the military and intelligence and to create new tools to monitor the communications of terrorists , freeze their assets , foil their plots , and kill and capture their operators , " former Bush strategist Karl Rove wrote in the Wall Street Journal last week in a closing defense of the Bush presidency .
" These tough decisions - which became unpopular in certain quarters only when memories of 9/11 began to fade - kept America safe for seven years and made it possible for Mr. Obama to tell the terrorists on Tuesday , ' We will defeat you . ' "
The Obama view , in a few cases even shared by his GOP opponent John McCain , was that some hard - line Bush policies undermined U.S. security by alienating others around the world and damaging America 's standing .
McCain also joined Obama during the campaign in arguing for more effective use of diplomacy and alliances .
Guantanamo dilemma
Obama 's new policies face important questions .
In the case of Guantanamo , the new president is moving deliberately and has deferred any decision on what to do with the most difficult class of detainees at the camp : those who pose clear dangers but can't be tried in U.S. courts because of inadmissible evidence or other issues .
He has tasked a high - level panel to make recommendations on that question .
" It 's one thing to say you 're going to close ( Guantanamo ) , quite another to say what you 're going to do with them , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) said at a National Press Club event Friday .
In the case of the executive orders , Obama was acting quickly to make good on campaign promises and to signal a sharp change in direction after Bush .
But the campaign promise that undoubtedly will be most scrutinized in its execution will be the one to pull out combat forces from Iraq within 16 months .
The day after his inauguration , Obama met with the U.S. commander and ambassador in Iraq to discuss plans for " a responsible military drawdown . "
In this case , Obama 's challenge will be to fulfill his campaign pledge without a relapse in Iraq toward the levels of civil warfare that preceded the U.S. troop surge launched by Bush in early 2007 .
At a conference Friday in Washington , D.C. , military expert Stephen Biddle of the Council on Foreign Relations described Iraq as being in the " early stages of the negotiated end to a pretty intense civil war , " a process he said was historically " highly volatile and very unstable . "
" The central mission of the U.S. presence in Iraq today is to serve as classical peacekeepers , " said Biddle , who said both Obama 's timeline for withdrawal and the timeline in the recent status of forces agreement between the U.S. and Iraq would create challenges when it comes to preventing a reversion to earlier levels of violence .
New Anti-Terror Legislation Journalists Worry ' Big Brother Law ' Will Kill Press Freedom
A new law working its way toward passage in Germany has journalists worried .
Certain provisions , they say , could eliminate the ability for reporters to protect their sources .
Still , the measure is likely to go into effect early next year .
Updated 03/03/2007 Welcome
Digg users , I have just found out that this article was scraped from this site by www.insanityville.com and then submitted to Digg .
I have contacted the owner of that website and he has agreed to remove the article and redirect it here , so here is the original article listed below , please feel free to check out the rest of the site .
Cheers Fatgadget
Everex , the company that brought us the Cloudbook is going after Mini PCs like the Mac Mini with this Linux Powered Mini PC .
The Everex Mini come with a 1.86GHZ Intel Pentium Dual Core Mobile Processor , 512MB of RAM , a 120 GB hard drive , a built in DVDRW and Intel GMA950 graphics .
There is also Realtek ALC268 High Definition Audio , Ethernet , DVI -I , S - Video , Firewire , 4 USB ports and a built in 4 in 1 media card reader .
The Everex gPC Mini runs gOS and comes with several open source and free applications such as OpenOffice 2.3 , Firefox , GIMP , as well as linked applications like gMail , Facebook and others .
The Everex gPC Mini will go on sale in March for $ 499 .
Product Page via Electronista
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Shocking News : Pamela Anderson is in Love
Baywatch babehas had her share of men and for that matter divorces .
Word has it that Pammy is in love with scuba diver
Last summer while Anderson was having her L.A. mansion remodeled she took up temporary residency at a trailer park .
Yeah , we 're not sure why either , maybe she was looking to save a little money .
Either way it paid off because she met Jamie , who lives in the trailer park .
A source close to the " actress " said , " She is more in love then I have ever seen her before . "
The reason behind Anderson 's attraction to the scuba diver is because he is nothing like her ex's Tommy Lee and Kid Rock .
There was no mention of her other ex-husband Rick Solomon .
Well if this all works out for Pam and Jamie , maybe Tom Arnold could hook them up for an appearance on his show " My Big Redneck Wedding . "
Photo : WENN
Welcome to another IGN Comics review .
If you 've been here before , you know the drill .
If you have n't , here 's how it works .
We grade on a 100 - point scale .
Numerically this is represented as a 10 point system with 0.1 increments .
These scores also translate to particular labels .
To learn more about our rating system , look for the red link near our final score at the bottom .
For trade , arcs and manga reviews , we 'll comment on art and writing along with a final score .
Weekly books get a faster treatment due to their shorter length .
One thing to keep in mind is we 're often providing you with multiple reviews and multiple scores .
Additional
Take reviewers will have their scores listed directly after their opinion .
The Final Score is not affected by this and is directly determined by the main reviewer .
Any time you feel like commenting on our reviews , you may .
Our weekly review index , which is published late Wednesday night , has a comment section .
Every review we publish does as well ( look below ) .
You can also find our message boards by clicking the link on the left - hand side .
Enjoy !
Looking back , it 's funny to see how so many popular X - Men writers have provided their own unique take on the concept of an elderly Wolverine from a dark , alternate future .
Each vision is wildly different .
Claremont 's " Days of Future Past " Logan is nothing like Paul Jenkins ' " The End " Logan , who in turn barely resembles the surprisingly spry Logan of Grant Morrison 's " Here Comes Tomorrow . "
Marvel 's writers can't even agree on how Logan 's healing factor affects the aging process , much less how life should treat the poor guy decades or centuries after his fellow teammates bite the dust .
Mark Millar joins the long line of comic greats with his return to Wolverine .
Unlike his last continuity - driven arc , " Old Man Logan " takes place in a far - flung future where the idea of a superhero is but a sad memory .
I 'll admit I was n't necessarily hyped for this storyline , especially compared to Millar 's other recent Marvel projects .
Ignoring the fact that an elderly Wolverine is a seemingly played out concept , one glance at " Old Man Logan " betrays far too many obvious similarities to popular Westerns like Unforgiven .
How can Wolverine possibly measure up to books like Fantastic Four ?
By injecting a dour , morose story with a surprising blast of fun , that 's how .
Make no mistake - Wolverine # 66 is a depressing book in many ways .
Rarely have we seen Logan so downtrodden , now to the point where he refuses to raise a hand in violence .
Still , freed of many of the restraints of continuity , Millar is allowed to cut loose ( no pun intended ) and craft a story that revels in its own unusual qualities .
A gang of inbred hillbillies who all carry the Hulk gene ?
Okay .
A decrepit , blind Hawkeye who refuses to let anyone else drive his car ?
Sure , why not ?
Wolverine # 66 is a bit slow going , but once the setting has been established and those wonky , Millar - esque qualities poke through , you might find it hard to avoid cracking a smile .
There 's no question that Millar is a competent Wolverine writer after " Enemy of the State . "
That storyline was famous for putting Logan back in costume after several years of rocking the black leather .
I 'm happy to see him taking the opposite approach now .
Wolverine gets more than his fair share of spandex - clad heroics in about a dozen other books .
This new , war - torn Marvel landscape is almost a breath of fresh air .
I say almost because the " homages " to movies like Unforgiven are too strong to ignore .
Wolverine even does his best Clint Eastwood impersonation throughout the issue .
Still , Eastwood never fought Hulk children as far as I 'm aware .
Whatever faults the writing may have - and there are n't that many - I 'm ready to forgive all because of the art .
Artistically , Steve McNiven made quite a partner to Millar on Civil War .
I was n't quite sure how his incredibly sharp and clean cut style would translate to what is , for all intent and purposes , a dystopian Western .
I need n't have worried .
McNiven subtly alters his familiar linework , giving everything a more rough - hewn edge and dialing up the violence several notches .
This is some beautiful stuff .
" Old Man Logan " suffers a bit from a derivative feel even as it charts new territory for the character .
In the end , it 's still a huge improvement over everything we 've seen from the Wolverine books since last time Millar was writing .
I 'm hesitant to add another Millar book to my pile of recommended reading , but I honestly have no choice .
This story is already shaping up to be a wild ride .
You ’ve heard it a thousand times : “ How can you have Good without God ? ”
Christians love to point out that the word good is derived from the word God .
What they fail to point out is that the word God is not Christian .
The Christian names for God are from the Greek ( theos ) , Hebrew ( Eli ) , and Latin ( Dei ) .
Most scholars agree that the word GOD actually comes from the Sanskrit gheu , meaning “ to invoke or to sacrifice to ” .
Basically , then , what the Christians are saying is that you ca n’t have good without sacrificing to some ancient Vedic god from India .
I love it when they try semantic arguments .
Anyway …
What really ticks me off about things like this is that there ’s an overt theft going on that no one seems to notice .
It works like this :
Every time Christianity finds a human trait or action that is beneficial to society ( say , giving food to starving children ) they decide that they own the concept .
From that time on , the action becomes a “ Christian act ” , and the non-religious are left out of it .
Their logic works like this : Giving food to starving children is a Christian act .
Atheists are not Christians .
Therefore , Atheists do not give food to starving children .
For a thousand years Christianity has owned the English lexicon , and they ’ve used it to portray anyone who is not Christian as an evil bastard who ’d kick a starving child or throw widows out of their homes .
“ Good ” is equal to “ Christian ” in their parlance .
If you are not Christian , you can not be good .
It ’s moronic .
The problem is , it works .
You will not get elected to any office of power in the USA without saying you are religious .
If you are trying to do business anywhere south of the Mason - Dixon Line , you have to go to church .
That ’s where the deals are done .
That ’s where the networking is .
Why ?
Because people only trust those they meet at church , simply because they say they are Christian .
Religions can show people that they ’re being bastards , but it does n’t prevent it .
Regardless of religious affiliation , people are people and will do as they please .
In the end , whether you are good or not has a lot more to do with who you are than the god you worship .
Written by Wm. Hopper , http://www.heathensguide.com.
The Heathen ’s Guide to World Religions .
NOT FOR SHEEP .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com .
Many companies will want to confirm that your home office is a business - friendly environment .
In the last few years , working from home has gone from being a rarity to a reality .
With advances in technology , more people are able to link to work from their home computers or laptops .
And as employees continue to crave flexibility and yearn for a better work / life balance , more people are working from home for at least part of their workweek .
Home - based companies
While many companies are allowing existing employees to transition to various telecommuting options , some companies are also building work forces that are made up solely of employees working from home .
Here is a sample of 10 companies that only hire at - home workers :
• Alpine Access is a call center company that uses customer service representatives that work from home .
Employees use their own telephones and computers .
The company provides representatives for clients like Office Depot and J. Crew .
• Convergys hires home - based call center agents who provide support in customer service , and also supplies sales agents or help desk staff for companies .
• Extended Presence provides their clients with outbound sales agents and marketing support staff who work from home .
• Internet Girl Friday provides information technology support as well as administrative services for clients nationwide .
• LiveOps provides customer service support for a variety of major corporations .
• Spheris provides support to medical professionals .
Their services include medical transcription and clinical documentation .
• Staffcentrix supplies virtual assistants for business clients , including CEOs and upper management of major corporations .
• VIPDesk provides call center support and also offers a home - based concierge service to clients .
• Voicelog provides representatives to perform verifications for transactions done online or by telephone .
Many states require changes to telephone service and other remote transactions to be verified by a third party , which VoiceLog provides .
• West At Home also hires home - based customer service agents .
They cater to a specific range of industries , specializing in health care and pharmaceutical support , as well as the hospitality industry .
Employees need to meet some basic requirements , including having a telephone and access to a PC .
Although the work is conducted from home , interviews for the job are n't always done remotely .
Working at home is a growing and legitimate opportunity , but workers should still beware of any job that asks you to invest money , provide access to a bank account or give up a great deal of personal information up front .
These are indicators of a possible scam .
Traditional companies with home - based workers
Some traditional companies also have home - based workers in the mix as part of their overall staffing strategies .
Companies as diverse as American Airlines , TDS Telecom , 1-800 - FLOWERS , Sprint and Xerox have programs that enable traditional workers to transition to telecommuting or hire workers specifically to work at home .
Aetna is one of the companies that has developed and implemented such a program .
" Our telework program started as a grassroots initiative to keep talented employees when there were site consolidations , " Aetna Telework Program head Eileen Levin explains .
The program , which started only a few years ago , has become very popular with employees .
Levin notes that since the inception of the program , participation has jumped 300 percent .
Around 10,000 Aetna employees , or 27 percent of the company 's work force , now work from home .
Levin says that the company looks at several factors before transitioning a job or task to be done at home .
Aetna ensures that the employee is an appropriate candidate to work at home .
It also confirms that the home office is a stable , business - friendly environment .
And most importantly , Aetna carefully considers whether the job is an appropriate choice to be performed by home - based workers .
Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta is another company that is mixing traditional workers with employees who work from home .
These home - based employees include medical transcriptionists and nurses who operate the hospital 's Advice Line , a hotline where Laurie Peterson , one of the Advice Line nurses , has been working for CHOA from home for 11 years .
She takes calls that vary from minor questions to emergency situations , and provides callers with a recommended course of action based on their conversations .
Peterson says , " I really enjoy being able to use my nursing judgment and experience right here in the convenience of my own home .
We get inquiries from people both locally and all over the world seeking help with their child 's health problems .
At the end of a shift , it 's very fulfilling for me to know I 've helped allay a parent 's fears . "
If you 're a worker who wants to transition from commuting to the office to working at home , talk to your company .
Think about these discussion points before approaching your boss :
• Talk to the company about how offering this option to you and other employees will benefit them .
Money talks , so be sure to refer to any potential savings the company will see by implementing this program .
With gas prices at a record high , you should also underscore your savings , as well as the environmental benefits of working from home .
• Not every job or every process can be done from home , so be ready with a plan .
Identify jobs and transactions at the company that can be done easily , safely and securely from home .
Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2007 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
All About Jobs and Labor
Red hot babe
Rose is out for revenge , her last panty popping adventure with Double O left her feeling a little abused , so it 's time to balance the books ( as if Double O gives a shit !!)
All systems go , and it's out with the handcuffs and chains and on with the humiliation for our man in a domineering ball breaking butt tingling bang fest .
Rose knows the ropes of course , so there can be no loser in this confrontation , just empty scrotums and sore cocks !!
Many people have asked me why I chose to use Ryobi tools and some have even questioned it .
Well , let me tell you how I joined the # RyobiNation and why I still love that community .
I had always been a woodworker .
Back in high school , it was one of my favorite classes .
I was always tinkering with something , taking something apart , modifying things .
That ’s just how I was , and still am .
Back in the mid 90’s , when my wife and I were first starting our life together , we managed to live paycheck to paycheck .
We did n’t have much , but we had one another .
After moving into one of our first apartments , I needed some basic tools to do some of the “ fixes ” around the place .
Back in the day , Home Depot was the only real hardware store in town .
We went in and I found a blue Ryobi Drill as well as one of their powered screwdrivers , similar to the ones pictured below .
Between these two and my very old hand tools , I proceeded to fix all the little issues in the apartment : hanging pictures , fixing cabinets & shelves .
Pretty much anything I could tinker with , I did .
After leaving our first apartment , we moved into a rental house .
This property was run by an older gentleman .
After the first month , I made a deal with him that if I fixed issues with the rental house he would take it off of my rent .
Before you know it , he was asking me to help fix other houses on his property .
I then started to acquire a few more Ryobi tools as I needed them .
A circular saw , a jig saw , etc. .
The list just kept growing ..
After about a year or so , we moved into another , larger , house .
This one had a shed attached to the garage .
I was in heaven .
I had a workshop .
In reality , it was a dark , dirty , and very small “ hole in the wall ” but it was “ my shop ” and I was damn proud of it .
I made the same deal with the owner of this house .
I built shelves , installed cabinets , painted , and even installed a swimming pool .
After a few years here , we decided to buy our own place .
We picked a nice little house that had an attached garage .
Guess what ?
My shop got an upgrade !
I was able to get even more tools !
I finally got a table saw and a drill press !
Oh was it awesome !
As I outgrew that , the next project was to add on a room to the back of the garage so I could have even more of a workshop .
The game was on then ; this was the first major renovation I had ever done .
And guess what ?
Every power tool that I owned was still a Ryobi tool .
They had never let me down .
They were affordable and they always had my back .
We moved yet again into a larger house .
This one had a shed outside that was larger than my old garage , by a long shot .
I immediately set up shop in there and started tinkering with things .
This was about the time that my wife started taking notes of all the things that I wished I had in my shop .
My birthday presents were all Ryobi tools .
Christmas came and there was more Ryobi blue !
She had a list and had been buying them all for months , hiding them so I would n’t know .
I spent all my time out in that shop .
Building things , teaching my son to build things .
He had his own little workbench out by mine .
Then came the big change …
I took a job in California and we had to move .
I had to sell everything ..
Well , almost .
I kept the blue Ryobi Drill and that little screwdriver that started it all .
Once out in California , we moved into a couple of apartments .
Which did n’t give me a chance to build anything but store bought furniture .
After a few years , we finally moved into a house .
And it had a garage !!
This garage quickly became my new shop .
We worked on my Jeep , my Harley and anything else that I could get into that garage was worked on .
I started to slowly build back up my tools .
Not too many as it was still a small shop , but you know what ?
I went straight to Home Depot and bought more blue Ryobi tools .
Then came the move back to Illinois , we found a nice house and it had a massive two car garage ..
Shortly after moving in , I started adding work benches and started collecting more tools .
At this point , I could have gone with any tool brand that I wanted .
But you know what ?
I went straight to Home Depot and was surprised to see all that green !
Gotta love that color !
This is where I started replacing my blue tools with new greens ones .
Over the course of the next few years , every time I needed a new tool the first thought in my head was Does Ryobi make one ?
And if they did , it was mine .
My collection has grown but , up until two weeks ago , I still owned a couple of the blue tools .
A couple of older sanders were still in my shop .
I saw that Home Depot was having some sales and Ryobi has released the new Brushless line of One+ tools .
So , I replaced a few of the ones that had given me several good years and replaced the last of the blue ones .
I then tossed them all into a blue and a green Ryobi bag that I had gotten with a tool combo purchase and gave them to a friend .
That way I am passing my Ryobi love on to another garage .
To sum up this very long post , I ’ve stuck with Ryobi for more than 20 years because they have always had my back .
Their tools have never let me down and have always been there when they were needed .
And that ’s my “ Ryobi Nation Story ” .
Thanks for reading .
There are some financial experts who say that we are standing on the brink of a precipice .
Nouriel Roubini , a New York University Economics professor , who predicted the current economic meltdown , says that “ things are going to be awful for everyday people ” in 2009 .
There are several other experts who agree with him .
Mr. Roubini attributes the economic disaster to the bursting of a credit bubble – not a housing bubble .
I would add that the continuation of the disaster is due to the abject failure of the Bush government to take effective action to prevent or mitigate the collapse of our , and the world ’s , economy .
The question we should ask is why ?
Why has n’t the Bush government taken decisive action ?
One might say that perhaps George Bush is an indecisive man , but if we reflect only for a moment on his actions in Iraq we will quickly see that he can be very decisive .
So why has n’t there been any decisive action taken to prevent the collapse of our economy ?
Why is it that the only action taken by the Bush administration was to protect the investment banks ?
Remember when Barack Obama and John McCain were campaigning against each other and John McCain stated that raising the tax rate to what it was under President Clinton for people who make more that $ 250,000 was class warfare ?
Today there is anger in Congress that the Troubled Assets Relief Program ( TARP ) funds are not being used to combat the rising tide of mortgage foreclosures .
Fed Chairman
Bernanke predicts that 2.25 million homes will be foreclosed upon this year and the U.S. government is doing nothing to prevent it , even though the TARP was supposed to be used to alleviate the problem .
My question is this :
When a government that is run by the wealthy elite of America stands by and does nothing , refuses to help even when money has been made available to help the middle class and the poor , is n’t that class warfare ?
It seems clearer than ever that our country is divided into two groups : the wealthy elite ( the Elect ? ) who favor Hoover / Bush economics and the great mass of ordinary people who favor Roosevelt / Obama economics .
The question is this : who will prevail ?
It seems that Mr. Roubini and many others believe the Hoover / Bush group will prevail because otherwise they would be more optimistic about the economy for the next several years .
They might be right .
Even as I write , legislation to provide a relatively puny bailout for the auto industry has been stalled by the House Republicans , the representatives of the wealthy elite , who are instead calling for the auto industry to file for bankruptcy .
The fact that millions of ordinary Americans will promptly lose their jobs is apparently of no concern to them .
Here ’s a question : is this just a difference of opinion on economic theory or is it something else ?
Could it be that it is really a difference of opinion about the purpose of government ?
Clearly this government acted urgently to save the wealthy elite owners of the banks , yet they drag their feet when it comes to saving the ordinary man .
Does anyone else see the long shadow of John Calvin standing over our Congress ?
Save the wealthy Elect , but when it comes to Katrina or Detroit , Asians caught in a tsunami or an earthquake , or Africans dying of starvation – well , just let them die .
After all , if God has already decided who shall be saved and who shall be damned why should these wealthy Senators and Congressmen feel guilty ?
It ’s not their fault is it ?
The members of our Republican Theocracy has already saved themselves and their fortunes , and now they are about to strike against the poor once again .
My questions for the Republican Party is this : remember when that most famous Republican of all , Abraham Lincoln , said that America was a government “ of the people , by the people , and for the people ” ?
So what was that all about ?
Was he some kind of pinko socialist or communist or what ?
What sort of mental gymnastics do you do to somehow claim that you are the party of Lincoln when you are , in fact , the party of the wealthy elite ( Elect ) and you stand against everything Lincoln stood for ?
It is obvious that if he were alive today Abraham Lincoln would be a Democrat .
Today ’s Republican Party is nothing more than the failed party of Herbert Hoover and George Bush .
It 's not hard to understand why so many people drop economics after taking an introductory mainstream course in the subject .
The theory and the practice just do n't fit .
It does n't make any sense .
They think it 's their fault — that they 're not clever enough to understand it .
So they abandon it and take their talents elsewhere .
Had they taken an introductory course based on Austrian economics I daresay the outcome for most would have been different .
What the Austrians say , in a nutshell is , cut intervention to a minimum and then just leave the thing alone .
Unfortunately , government intervention in free markets leads to unseen problems down the line which leads to more intervention , more unseen problems , more intervention and so on .
Most of the difficulties and complications in economics arise from trying to explain just why intervention in free markets makes things worse .
What has become clear to me is that at the heart of Austrian economics lies the Austrian Business Cycle Theory ( ABCT ) .
When I first came across it I encountered the same problem which many find with mainstream economics — reconciling the theory and the practice .
In particular , Bryan Caplan gave me something to think about when he said that ABCT …
” … requires bizarre assumptions about entrepreneurial stupidity in order to work : in particular , it must assume that businesspeople blindly use current interest rates to make investment decisions . "
I struggled here .
A great deal of reading followed until I came across this article by Bob Murphy .
Then I understood the problem .
The reason I was having trouble was because I did n't really understand ABCT .
I did n't understand ABCT because I did n't understand Austrian Capital Theory ( ACT ) .
This article saved me so much time — not just because of the article itself but in particular because of the references he provided .
I read all of them and more .
By the end of it the conundrum posed by Bryan Caplan and much else besides was resolved .
Investment decisions are made by people running real businesses in the real world , not academics .
Because of government intervention no one knows what the " true " rate of interest should be .
Even if a business knows that rates have been artificially lowered by government are they likely to do nothing as competitors grab this cheap money and put it to work on interest - sensitive investments ?
Hardly , they fear that they 'll be running the risk of being put out of business — so they pile in too .
The point is made here in a quote I lifted from this gem of an article by Gottfried Haberler :
" May I be allowed to quote an example given by Mr. Keynes in a lecture before the Harris Foundation Institute last year .
u2018
No one believes that it will pay to electrify the railway system of Great Britain on the basis of borrowing at 5 percent .
. . .
At 3 1/2 percent it is impossible to dispute that it will be worthwhile .
So it must be with endless other technical projects . ' " ( Emphasis added ) .
The real benefit of all this reading was to bring home the utter complexity of the production process and the time elements involved .
Also , understanding the sheer folly of government intervention and the short - term benefits it yields .
In retrospect , the most useful reading for me was firstly , " Money and the Business Cycle " by Gottfried Haberler — this is where all the pieces came together .
Secondly , this PowerPoint presentation by Roger Garrison — in a word — excellent !
And thirdly , Murray Rothbard 's " Economic Depressions : Their Cause and Cure " — this pulled everything together by putting the whole thing in a historical perspective .
The reading was hard work and took time but was necessary in order to understand what is going on right now .
Governments are busy trying to re-inflate their economies .
They appear to want to avoid deflation at all costs .
But we 've been here before .
The problems we are facing are not new .
The solutions which are being tried are not new .
That these solutions will not work is not new .
So why on earth are governments doing something which they know will only make things worse later on ?
The only sense to be made of it is that it has little to do with economics and everything to do with governments staying in power .
Deflation is visible and it's horrible — businesses fail , people lose their jobs , relationships come under pressure , marriages break , crime rates rise and so on — it also leads to governments being kicked out of office !
Inflation is different — it 's not as easy to see or understand and the blame can be shifted away from governments :
" Define inflation as rising prices and … you 'll think that oil sheiks , credit cards and private businesses are the culprits …
Define inflation in the classic fashion as an increase in the supply of money and credit , with rising prices as a consequence , and you then have to ask the revealing question u2018 Who increases the money supply ? ' " — Lawrence W. Reed
Here 's a quote from Gordon Brown last week :
“ If the monetary system is not working as well as it should ; if there ’s no likelihood of huge inflation in the next period of time ; if you are not crowding - out private investment then government must play its role . ”
The wrongness of what is being said here is now clear — in fact , it can be seen visually thanks to Roger Garrison 's PowerPoint presentation .
I 'll leave it to others better qualified than I to explain what is wrong about this and other such statements .
Just in the last few weeks alone this has been done by Frank Shostak , Thorsten Polleit , George Reisman , Ed Bugos and , almost inevitably , Bob Murphy , here and here .
Of course , I must not forget Gary North — his writing is so even and so clear — his latest article here is a very good example of what I mean .
As long as writing of the above calibre continues the message will get across — carried by all the people who increasingly read it on the internet .
Maybe the process has already started .
In this reference , following the recent G - 20 summit , there is one recommendation which could easily be missed .
Under the section " Tasking of Ministers and Experts " there appears the following — it refers to governments …
" [ m ] itigating against pro-cyclicality in regulatory policy . "
Pity they could n't say it in plain English .
But , if I understand it correctly , is this an admission by government officials that booms and slumps are in fact caused , or made worse , by government intervention ?
January 24 , 2009
The Best of Chris Clancy
One of the most ridiculous aspects of the Chrysler bridge to nowhere $ 7b bailout buffet : we still do n’t know who owns the ailing American automaker .
Yes , it ’s Cerberus Capital Management , a company with its fingers in many pies , from guns ( Remington ) to paper ( NewPage Corporation ) to a chain of TV stations ( Four Points Media Group ) to bad loans ( GMAC ) .
That ’s disturbing enough– given that the federal government is shoring - up a deep - pocketed , privately - held company .
Worse ( again ) : we do n’t know the identity of “ about 100 co-investors ” who anted - up when Cerberus bought the domestic automaker from Daimler .
Anyone remember Cerberus ’ official response to Senator Corker ’s question : why do n’t you use your own money to bailout ChryCo ?
“ No one is asking General Motors and Ford to pour their money in , and Cerberus has the same shareholders as they do — retirees , pension plans and endowments . ”
Yeah really ?
Who are they ?
Whose investments are we protecting ?
So I called Cerberus .
I asked Cerberus Spokesman Peter Duda straight up : can he provide a list of the investors who own Chrysler ?
His answer was equally direct : “ No .
We do n’t release that information . ”
Why ?
After all , we know the investors in many other Cerberus businesses .
Duda stonewalled .
I asked him if the information blackout was Cerberus ’ decision or did the investment group have a contractual obligation with these investors to maintain confidentiality ?
Duda promised to look into the matter for us .
And here ’s the kicker .
When I pressed Duda on the public ’s right to know who owned Chrysler– as Uncle Sam had provided the company with a $ 4b loan– Duda said “ If the government asked for the information , we ’d provide it . ”
So had they ?
“ Not to my knowledge . ”
If the U.S. Treasury Department has this information , why have n’t they released it ?
If they do n’t have it , why have n’t they demanded it ?
Anyone who shares my concern in this matter , should email their Senator and ask them to contact the Treasury Department with a very simple question : who owns Chrysler ?
Jack in the Box is apparently testing a program to outsource their drive - through orders , routing requests for burgers and shakes to call - takers outside the country .
The program is getting its first test run in Charlotte , North Carolina , where folks innocently pulling up to the order box are being taken for a ride .
Let 's face it , it 's hard enough to get an order from a drive - though that has n't been totally screwed up , even if you 're talking to somebody 10 feet away who 's spent the last 16 years speaking some approximation of English .
And if my last go - round with a Sprint customer serviceperson in New Delhi is any indication of the kind of accuracy you can expect , I 'd say you have about a 25 percent chance of receiving anything you remotely recognize as food ( and thanks for asking , it 's been six months , and I STILL have n't received my " rebate " ) .
Let 's close our eyes and try to imagine the exchange :
Me : I ' ll have the chicken fajita pita on whole grain , no salsa , an order of cheesy macaroni bites , the stuffed jalepenos , and a large oreo ice cream shake , hold the oreos .
Outsourced call taker ( clearly reading from script ) : Thank you for calling today Ma'am .
I hope you are having a very good day .
Jack in the Box is having many delicious options to choose from .
May I take your order ?
Me : Um , well , I 'll have the chicken fajita pita on whole grain , no salsa , an order of cheesy macaroni bites ...
OCT : Today is your lucky day , Ma'am .
We are running a special today , one day only , on the Junebug Bracing Cheeblammer Shilala Brooger for only two dollars .
May I put you down for one of those today ma'am ?
Me : What ?
OCT : Today is your lucky day , ma'am ....
Me : That 's OK , I 'd rather have the chicken fajita pita on whole ...
OCT : I 'm sorry ?
Could you repeat that ?
Me : One chicken fajita pita ...
OCT : And the Junebug Brooding Blubber comes with a very important rebate offer of $ 100 today only .
You can go in line today to our web site to apply for your rebate , Ma'am , and within seventy weeks you can receive a check , which will bring your total cost for the Junebug Burfing Blogger to simply negative $ 98 dollars today Ma'am .
May I take your order ?
Me :
No thanks , just the fajita pita ....
OCM : Sorry , could you repeat ?
Me : What ?
OCM : Thank you ma'am .
I am placing your order for the Junebug Bursting Bladder .
As I have said , you may go in line today to apply for your rebate .
May I ask you now ma'am , were you satisfied with the service you are receiving today Ma'am ?
Me : About that fajita ?
OCM : Thank you for calling Jack in the Box , Ma'am .
Please have a very good day .
***
This was inspired by a talk ( " Attacking the Vista Heap " from Ben Hawkes ) that I heard at Ruxcon .
Some of the attacks that Ben Hawkes described depended on deactivating security features in Microsoft 's heap implementation ahead of overwriting heap data structures .
Amusingly , most of these attacks work because Microsoft disables aborting on internal consistency check failure by default .
OpenBSD 's heap implementation is already the best security - wise .
Thanks to prior work by otto@ and tedu@ - it has random " canary " values ( similar to the propolice stack cookies ) to detect overwrites of critical structures , it deliberately introduces randomness in certain operations to make them non-deterministic and checks its internal consistency in various ways and will ( by default ) abort if there are any problems .
This work implements two new measures to harden the allocator code :
First , it moves all the runtime options such as guard pages , use - after - free protection , and ( especially ) abort - on - error into a structure that is made readonly via mprotect ( 2 ) after it has been initialised .
Under normal operation , the malloc .c code will never modify these values once they have been set so any attempt to write to it is a bug or an attack and the mprotect will ensure that doing so will result in a SEGV .
The remainder of the patch implemets additional protection on the main internal metadata structure of the heap implementation : struct dir_info .
This patch allocates this structure using mmap ( 2 ) , which on OpenBSD returns a randomised address .
This alone is a good measure , since the structure will no longer be at a predictable address relative to other objects .
It also allocates a " guard page " above and below the structure that are set to PROT_NONE via mprotect ( 3 ) .
Any attempt to read or write to an address inside either guard page will result in a SEGV , so the structure will be quite difficult to overflow - an attacker has to guess the address quite precisely .
The diff as committed implemented a 3rd protection controlled by a new ' L ' flag for MALLOC_OPTIONS and /etc/malloc.conf : mprotecting the metadata structure PROT_NONE when we leave the allocator code and remapping it read / write when we enter it .
This would render it basically impervious to attack , since an attacker would n't be able to clobber no matter how accurately they guessed and would n't be able to read off copies of the master canary values that they would need to clobber dependant structures .
This part of the patch is likely to be removed - it defended against attacks that are highly unlikely to succeed in real life ( go ahead , prove me wrong ! ) , was too slow ( ~ 20 % worse ) to turn on by default and , as the Windows Vista example neatly illustrates , security options that are off by default are n't really much use to our users .
China ’s land reform will deepen the gulf between rich and poor
By John Chan
17 October 2008
The Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) launched a far - reaching new round of market reform at its Central Committee plenum on October 9 - 12 .
The meeting established the framework for peasants to freely trade their collective and state - owned land titles — a step toward large scale industrial agriculture that will inevitably drive millions of small farmers off the land .
The meeting took place amid mounting concern over a global recession .
All China 's major export markets — North America , Europe and Japan — are slowing sharply .
By allowing small farmers to sell land titles , the CCP leaders hope to boost consumer spending — in the short - term at least — and maintain the country 's high rate of economic growth .
Although no concrete measures have been announced , Beijing has set the stage , through the state media and official academia , to allow peasants to sell their land - use contracts .
During the decollectivisation of agriculture in the early 1980s , the CCP did not privatise the state - owned land but gave individual peasant households a guarantee to use small plots of land for 15 years .
In 1993 , these contracts were extended to 30 years .
According to economists and officials , the new contracts could be extended to 70 years , allowing farmers to lease their land to corporations or use their plots as collateral for loans .
In practice , millions of farmers already lease their lands , especially those working in the cities .
But these transactions usually involve other small farmers , not business .
Now land rights will be turned into another commodity bought and sold , and subject to speculation on the market .
A plenum communiqué declared that the land reform would double rural income by 2020 , and be accompanied by improvements in infrastructure , education and healthcare .
The measures are also supposed to reduce official collusion with real estate developers , who have often seized lands from farmers without adequate compensation .
Official corruption involving land has been a major cause of farmers ' protests and clashes with police .
Far from ending rural poverty , the real consequences for China 's 800 million peasants will be a rapid increase in landlessness and a dramatic widening of the gap between rich and poor .
The aim of the new policy is to force peasants to give up their plots to agricultural enterprises and create more cheap labour .
The turn to large - scale agricultural production to maintain food supplies to the rapidly swelling urban population will accelerate the decay of small - scale farming .
The state media has compared the latest measures with Deng Xiaoping 's economic measures 30 years ago .
On September 30 , President Hu Jintao made a highly publicised visit to Xiaogang village in Anhui province , where a group of farmers first pioneered Deng 's division of collectivised lands in 1978 .
Once again , Xiaogang village is being promoted as the champion of market reform .
According to the Nanfang Daily on October 10 , Yan Jinchang , one of the farmers involved in the 1978 decollectivisation , signed a contract two years ago , along with a dozen other farmers , to lease his lands to a Shanghai - based agribusiness in return for an annual dividend .
Some work for the company as salaried workers .
Yan told the newspaper that he earns much more from wages , rent and dividends than by tilling his own plot .
Around 60 percent of the land in Xiaogang village has been leased to commercial growers of mushrooms , flowers , grapes and poultries .
The per capita income of the village was 6,000 yuan ( $ US877 ) last year , compared to the national average rural income of just 4,140 yuan ( $ 605 ) .
The new reform has been broadly welcomed in global financial circles .
Huang Yiping , a Citigroup economist , declared that small - scale , subsistence farming " hinders growth of agricultural productivity and achievement of scale efficiency " .
The Wall Street Journal wrote that a typical Chinese farm is about 0.6 hectares in size — compared to 173 hectares in the US and 6 hectares in Hungary and Poland .
In advanced capitalist countries such as the US , Canada or Australia , mechanised farming has long established high outputs using small workforces , freeing labour for urban industry .
Undoubtedly concentration of lands allows the application of scientific methods and large - scale production .
However , like the privatisation of Chinese state firms in the 1990s , including those that gave shares to workers , the latest land reform will inevitably lead to the concentration of land rights in the hands of well - off farmers and rural entrepreneurs , and landlessness among the majority of the farmers .
One Chinese analyst told the Financial Times on October 8 : " This reform will allow real capitalists into the agricultural sector but we cannot use the words ‘ privatisation ' or ‘ capitalism ' because they will just provide ammunition to hardliners to fight this reform . "
The " hardliners " refers to sections of the CCP bureaucracy who fear the reforms will lead to escalating rural unrest .
They were well aware of the explosive character of peasants ' demands for land in the three Chinese revolutions in the twentieth century .
An editorial of Financial Times on October 12 cautiously noted that the new measures " could provide a one - off opportunity for mass expropriation " of land .
" Even if that can be avoided , poor peasants could come under severe economic pressure to sell , " due to the decay of publicly - funded healthcare and education .
Warning of potential social unrest , the editorial commented : " Social engineering is always dangerous , even if the direction of change is toward private ownership .
Beijing should proceed prudently .
It is more important that reform be fair than that it be swift . "
A new peasant rebellion would have strong support among urban workers .
More than 150 million rural migrants are now working in the cities , as cheap labour without basic residential rights .
Chinese cities have so far avoided the sprawling slums found in many developing countries , because small plots always provided a safety net for migrant workers if they lost their jobs .
However , in recent years , some manufacturing zones have experienced shortages of labour due to workers ' demands for higher wages .
Migrants have been able to return home rather than accepting low wages .
This is unacceptable to Beijing and the global corporations .
The Economist on September 4 wrote : " What is the single most important price in the world ?
Popular answers are the price of oil , American interest rates or the dollar .
Yet Chinese wages are , arguably , more important .
China has by far the world 's biggest labour force , of around 800 million — almost twice that of America , the European Union and Japan combined .
Thus recent claims that it is running short of cheap labour would , if true , have huge consequences not just for China , but also for the rest of the world . "
The Economist argued that to boost the labour force China had to restructure agriculture .
" Mechanisation and the consolidation of land plots will boost productivity , meaning that fewer farmers will be needed .
That will in turn release more workers for industry .
In developed countries only 3 percent of workers till the land , " the magazine stated .
In other words , far from enjoying a new period of prosperity , most farmers will be stripped off their land and forced to sell their labour power for a miserable wage .
The new land policy underscores the dead - end of Maoism , a form of peasant radicalism that has nothing to do with genuine socialism .
Deng launched his market reform 30 years ago by appealing to widespread discontent among farmers over Mao 's disastrous " People 's Communes " .
These primitive collectivised villages had no technological resources for large - scale production and the farmers were squeezed to finance a rudimentary industrialisation .
Deng pushed for individual farming and small rural entrepreneurship , in order to unleash the spontaneous tendencies among the peasantry toward the market and private property .
The temporary improvement in rural living standards in the early 1980s was largely due to the removal of absurd restrictions on farmers growing fruit or raising stock in their backyards .
The relief was short - lived , as the capitalist market inevitably led to deep social divisions between rich and poor and pervasive official corruption , which soon threw hundreds of millions farmers into miserable existence .
They became nothing more than a vast reserve army of cheap labour , to maintain a downward pressure on wages not only in China , but across the world .
Karl Marx wrote so well in Volume I of the Capital that the separation of peasants from the land by the growing capitalist relations in agriculture provided labour power and market for industrial capital .
The rural poor ruined by the market , Marx wrote , are " constantly on the point of passing over into an urban or manufacturing proletariat ...
This source of relative surplus population is thus constantly flowing ...
The agricultural labourer is therefore reduced to the minimum of wages , and always stands with one foot already in the swamp of pauperism . "
Some Chinese economists have called for the full private ownership of land , which has been rejected so far by Beijing .
Not only would such a step further exacerbate social tensions , but it could also cut across the interests of the emerging capitalist class .
As Marx also explained , rent is a deduction paid to landowners from the pool of surplus value extracted from the labour of the working class .
From the standpoint of industrial capital , state - owned land removes the necessity of sharing profit with parasitic landowners .
Historically , bourgeois radicals such as the Chinese nationalist Sun Yat - sen called for the nationalisation of land to give the broadest possible scope to capitalist development .
Mao's land reform in 1949 was not a socialist , but a bourgeois measure aimed at eliminating the old landowning class .
Just as the state - ownership of land allowed Beijing free rein to build infrastructure and industrial zones on a large - scale to attract foreign capital , it will also enable agricultural corporations to acquire whatever land they needed for production .
Preventing small farmers from owning their plots of land ensures that there will be no return to small - scale agriculture .
Farmers who lease their land will have little say over its use and will in the end lose their limited rights over the land .
The end result can only be a further sharpening of class tensions .
On the one hand , a large " surplus " rural labour force will be driven into the cities under conditions in which a sharp global recession is already underway .
On the other , the new class antagonism will develop between a new rural bourgeoisie and the agricultural proletariat in an already volatile countryside .
Photo Gallery Greece in Crisis After Fourth Day of Rioting
The Greek police seem powerless to stop the rioting which has gone on for four consecutive days .
On Monday night thousands of protestors appeared to seize control of Athens , and the violence is expected to continue .
Want to know more about what we offer ?
" Soon there will be no one who remembers when spaceflight was still a dream , the reverie of reclusive boys and the vision of a handful of men "
-- Wyn Wachhorst , 1995 .
Visit Your Friendly Space Travel Agency
Your appointment will be yesterday ...
Now wait for last year ...
Tomorrow as it used to be ...
It was n't that long ago that we had a future ...
All these quotes and a rocket - powered imagination will propel us on a tour of Solar planets and beyond , all as advertised in Space Travel brochures and scenic holograms .
( " Atomic Avenue # 1 " , art by Glen Orbik )
Retro-inspired Travel Posters : Visit Other Planets in Style !
You 've seen these wonderful vintage posters from the 1920s and 1930s , with the distinct Art Nouveau , or Art Deco look , extolling the pleasures of luxury European destinations :
( images via , see a lot more there )
Well , it turns out that you can enjoy similar travel posters for the popular luxury interplanetary destinations - courtesy of Steven Thomas :
We asked him how he came up with the idea for these space travel posters :
" A few years ago I acquired a table in an art show at a role - playing gaming convention .
I needed to come up with something that would catch the eye , was sci - fi / fantasy related and something I would want hanging on my wall at home .
The following year , " Venus by Air " and " Explore the Crimson Canyons of Mars " were very well received and a fellow artist suggested I create posters for the entire solar system .
So , the next year ( 2007 ) " Europa Air " and " Midnight Zephyr " were added to the collection .
Since then I ’ve been hard at work completing the series " .
Continuing on a futuristic tour of outer planets :
" ... I really admire the art and design of advertising posters of the early 20th century .
Combine that with my appreciation for retro science fiction magazine cover art and you get an ad for a futuristic destination .
If you are fan of vintage travel ads you may notice that some of the posters are loosely based on existing travel or transportation posters .
Whether that be color , layout or some other design element .
I felt it would give them a sense of familiarity .
Prints of various sizes are available at www.zazzle.com/stevethomas "
Rack up your Space Miles !
Take advantage of travel deals and blast off from the Earth - bound worries into the ... space - related ones :
Illustrations by W.A. Kocher and Richard Loew , 1956
Karl Gilzin's book ( from 1958 ) contained some pretty neat illustrations :
( image via )
But the illustrations got even better once this book was translated into Russian , and some nameless artist from DetGiz Publishing House in 1960 drew these inspiring scenes :
( art : DetGiz , Russia , 1960 )
Get to the spaceport and meet your pretty flight attendants ( note " shark fins " on the car , as well as on the rocket ) -
( image credit : Plan 59 )
Get to boarding , and perhaps even meet the pilot :
( Illustration by John Polgreen , image via )
( Illustration by James Heugh , image via )
There are some groovy hotels and busy spaceports out there :
( image credit : Michael Peters )
Art by Das , " Ruimtevaart " ( image via )
I do n't think you 'd need to bring your furniture with you , but in case you want to settle down :
Sofa by Edward Wormley for Dunbar , 1958 - via )
Start your tour from the orbit :
L5 Society made up of huge rotating cities , placed in orbit ( at Lagrangian points ) , was a popular futurist idea in the 1960s and 1970s .
Toroidal and cylindrical colonies were supposed to be mankind 's new pilgrimage and frontier for habitation ; economical studies showed that the concept had merit , but political agendas and sheer cost of transport to space effectively killed this idea in the 1980s .
Nothing prevents it from being revived some time in the future , so have a look at the concepts and - who knows - maybe your children will see something like this :
( art by Rick Guidice )
Interior views , featuring colossal windows , whole bays and inlets and even a suspension bridge :
( art by Don Davis )
See a lot more of 1970s " Space Colony " art on this NASA page .
Short Stopover on the Moon
NASA proposed vision of the Moon colony ( drawn in 2001 , compare to Arthur Clarke - Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 vision ) :
You can even have Lunar Rover unloaded from a cargo spacecraft , and hit the back country in good comfort :
( images : NASA , via )
Edd Cartier 's vision of concerned female pilot ( from " Other Worlds " magazine , July 1952 )
art by Edd Cartier , " Other Worlds " 1952
More postcards from other worlds ...
Some unnamed planet is getting explored by a spider - like vehicle :
( art from old Soviet " Znanie Sila " magazine )
( left - art from TM , Russia ; right - image via )
art by McKenna , IF magazine , March 1967
You do n't need much ...
This ad from the 1960s proclaims :
" Have Slide Rule , Will Travel ! "
TO THE STARS ! - rake up Light Years , not Air Miles !
And then , send postcards home from distant worlds at other stars , propelled there by mighty ships , devouring space and time :
M. Vasiljev " Travel to Space " , Russia 1958
READ THE FIRST PART HERE
Jay - Z was feeling the national fever so hot that he just had to jump on Young Jeezy ’s beat and record his own rap , even if it ’s only two minutes long .
I just want to hear Lil Wayne do " My Attorney General Is Black , " or TI can do " My Domestic Policy Council Director Is Black . "
Lyrics Born can do " My Special Assistant to The President is Asian . "
Let ’s just get everyone in on the pride .
Welcome to the Pokemon Report .
We want to be the very best weekly Pokemon feature .
Like no weekly Pokemon feature ever was .
Your host , Jack , is going to knock you out .
So who else is excited about the Platinum announcement ?
No , not the game , I 'm talking about the Platinum expansion pack for the Pokemon Trading Card Game .
It 's going to feature Shaymin as one of the cards .
Finally , right ?!
My deck has been sorely lacking a shrubbery hedgehog .
But on to more important stuff .
See , I hate reading .
It 's for pretentious jerks that think they 're better than everyone .
In fact , I do n't even like writing .
I use speak and spell software to dictate my articles to the computer .
It takes six hours for a review but it 's totally worth it .
The one exception to my hatred of reading is when I 'm searching the internet for the latest and greatest Pokemon fanfictions .
Nobody writes about the Pokemon universe better than 12 - year - old girls .
Now being a critic by profession , I can't help but feel the need to review everything I experience ( I gave your mom a 7.9 last night ) .
Since the review system for Fanfiction .
net cannot hold the power and magnitude of my words , I 'll be sharing my opinion of some of the best pieces of alternative fiction ever to grace the internet .
Brace yourselves , these stories will change your world .
I warned him to stay away from me , I told him there was nothing he could do to save me from my inevitable demise , but everyone knows that trying to persuade that stubborn idiot to stay down was almost like trying to wake a Snorlax up without food or the Pokeflute .
Picture + this , +but+with+a+lot+more+rain .
He stared at me for a while and began looking at himself .
He seemed very shocked to see gray little hands .
" HOLLY CRAP ! "
" Every 2000 years a human being is chosen to be sacrificed to maintain the balance between Light and Darkness .
The one chosen on would be killed by the invincible Pokemon , Darkrai .
Dawn was chosen .
" Normally I would n't review a story that only has the preface up , but I was so struck with the conviction and emotion presented in just this opening that I could n't help myself .
The preface is only 3,000 words , yet it stretches for eternity , almost like the aspiring author timotey o7 is the very reincarnation of Nathaniel Hawthorne .
Within just the preface of the story so many events occur that it is hard to imagine how the following chapters could ever top the level of epic storytelling .
Before the story even officially starts we encounter Dawn dealing with the prospect of being a human sacrifice , her untold feelings of love for Ash , and how much she hates herself , and May .
But that 's not even close to all .
We also learn that Ash gets May pregnant , and that both of them , and their unborn child die while trying to protect Dawn .
We 're not at Chapter 1 and the author has created and destroyed life , in addition to alluding to sex between minors .
It rains a lot in this story .
Cause rain means you 're sad .
It 's a metaphor , people .
Best yet is how the author manages to seamlessly work in Pokemon references , that do n't come off as forced and ridiculous at all , as showcased by this line about the recently deceased Ash .
I do n't know about you but I can't wait to read more and see whether Dawn dies , and if she 'll ever get closure about Ash 's death .
This is gripping .
I give this story : " When Griffin and Cody are murdered and find themselfs as ghost pokemon .
they have some unfinished bussinus .
" I prefer all of my Pokemon buddy comedies to start with the murder of two young children .
And now they 're ghost Pokemon and they have to fight a council of ghost Pokemon to stop an evil curse that makes people die or something .
Plus there 's a boy with a magic amulet .
And while this story starts off with a quest to find out who murdered them , the author quickly changes paths .
Who needed to know why the boys were murdered and by whom , right ?
It was probably their mom , anyway .
The best part is that halfway through the story they turn into the same Pokemon , so the author gets to reuse all his jokes from the first chapters !
But the real treat of the story is the dialogue .
The author takes a bold move in nearly completely ignoring periods , and instead makes nearly every sentence a separate paragraph .
The dialogue is a series of exclamations , that do well to capture the terror and excitement of finding out you 're dead and are now a ghost Pokemon .
If they 're not yelling something they 're asking a question , making every conversation read like a call - and - response cheerleader routine .
And at one point a random Irish guy shows up to say stuff in a funny accent .
It 's fun for all ages !
I give this story :
Is she fire hot or magma hot ? "
Ember asked .
I smacked the back of her head with my tail and she stumbled , rubbing the spot I hit .
" She 's ugly , isnt she ? " she said abruptly .
Those words stopped me cold .
I very slowly turned towards the Charmander , who seemed to realize she hit a nerve .
She actually looked worried .
" Uh...sorry ? " she said hopefully .
I took a deep breath , trying to relax , without great success .
" Say that again about my mate , and I will Hyper Beam your face .
That 's a promise , " I said with absolute seriousness .
" A sarcastic Dragonair soon learns that all that he thought may not be as simple as it appears .
The battle between good and evil affects us all in ways we cannot imagine .
" Trying to figure out how the flip this thing has a mate ?
Me too .
I always enjoy a good fanfic that is about the Pokemon themselves .
And what better main character than a Dragonair , a Pokemon that is basically a giant girly snake .
But this Dragonair does n't take no flak from nobody .
And together with a sassy female Charmander , and a Pichu that speaks in pidgin ( " Me sparkin ' and me want to kick mean stick .
Me did and me foot hurt .
Me cwying more . " ) they try to take down Team Rocket or something .
I have n't quite finished it yet because the story is 216 chapters long .
Can you even think of a book that has near that many chapters ?
War and Peace is shorter than this .
The Lord of the Rings Trilogy takes fewer chapters to tell the story .
But the story of the Dragonair that does n't want to listen to his trainer cannot be told in anything less than the longest story known to man .
Oh and did I mention it's also a romance story ?
Dragonair may be cold as ice , but he 's got a heart of gold , and a mysterious mate that he cares very deeply for .
Oh snap , son !
I give this story :
I 'm so inspired by these stories that I 've actually started my own Pokemon fanfic .
It follows the story of my original character and his quest to save his sister from an all new evil organization .
It 's not done yet , but I 'll give you a little taste of it here .
Clyde Lofton clutched his pokeball with grim determination .
He stared off down the road leading from his small town that only had three houses and a Pokemon Laboratory for some reason .
He knew he had to take this single Pokemon and somehow become the greatest Pokemon champion in the world .
" I 've got to take this single Pokemon and become the greatest Pokemon champion in the world ! " he said , pumping his fist into the air .
He walked along the road leading from his town , whistling to himself .
Suddenly just then he caught the gaze of a young boy holding a bug net .
The world flashed light and dark , then everything seemed to swirl away as the boy started a Pokemon duel with a taunting challenge that sent chills down Clyde 's spine .
" I 'll go anywhere if Bug Pokemon appear there .
" Clyde took out this Pokeball and threw it down , releasing his Chimchar .
He nodded to his Pokemon and spoke to it because he is psychic and can talk to Pokemon since he was a little boy .
" Okay Chimchar we 've got to beat this guy so I can be the best trainer in the world ! "
He clenched his fist and grit his teeth , " And to save my sister . "
His sister got kidnapped by the evil team Team Astro , a new evil team that is more evil than Team Rocket .
Clyde snapped back to reality , ready to begin the battle !
BUG CATCHER KRIS would like to battle !
BUG CATCHER KRIS sent out BURMY !
Go ! CHIMCHAR !What will CHIMCHAR do ?
Clyde thought hard .
He could n't lose this battle , his journey had only just begun !
He knew what must be done .
CHIMCHAR used EMBER !
Small flames surrounded the small bug Pokemon , making it flash a couple times .
It 's super effective !
" Wow that was super effective , " thought Clyde aloud .
Foe BURMY used STRING SHOT !CHIMCHAR 's speed fell !
Clyde was not deterred .
His Chimchar might be slightly slower but his heart still burned with a passion to win !
Clyde encouraged his Chimchar , talking to him because he 's psychic and can talk to Pokemon .
CHIMCHAR used EMBER !
It 's super effective !
Foe BURMY fainted !CHIMCHAR gained 23 EXP .
Points !
Clyde defeated Bug Catcher Kris !
He cheered excitedly while the bug catcher boy sulked .
" I see .
So you battle that way .
" Clyde took the little boy 's money and sneered , then continued on down the road .
With this 12 dollars he 'll be able to maybe buy a potion , and then he 'll keep going and save his sister from Team Astro and find a girlfriend and become the best trainer ever !
It 's still a work in progress , but I 'm pretty sure it 's shaping up to be the greatest fanfiction ever written .
And if you do n't agree I will Hyper Beam your face .
That 's a promise .
Stay tuned for next week when Harry Potter shows up to do a crossover chapter !
There might even be some slash .
Sir Michael Lyons , the Trust chairman , said : " It is clear from the evidence that , although licence fee payers want better regional and local services from the BBC , this proposal is unlikely to achieve what they want .
We also recognise the negative impact that the local video proposition could have on commercial media services which are valued by the public and are already under pressure .
Photos Depict Abuse At Facilities In Afghanistan And Iraq
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – The Bush administration petitioned a full appeals court late Thursday to reconsider a decision ordering the Defense Department to release photographs showing detainee abuse by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In September , a three - judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ordered the government to release the photos as part of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit seeking information on the abuse of prisoners held in U.S. custody overseas .
" This petition is a transparent attempt to delay accountability for the widespread abuse of prisoners held in U.S. custody abroad by keeping the public in the dark , " said Amrit Singh , staff attorney with the ACLU .
" These photographs demonstrate that the abuse of prisoners held in U.S. custody abroad was not aberrational and not confined to Abu Ghraib , but the result of policies adopted by the highest - ranking officials in the administration .
The immediate release of these photos is critical to bringing an end to the Bush administration 's torture policies and for preventing prisoner abuse in the future . "
Since the ACLU 's Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request in 2003 , the government has refused to disclose these images by attempting to radically expand the exemptions allowed under the FOIA for withholding records .
The government claimed that the public disclosure of such evidence would generate outrage and would violate U.S. obligations towards detainees under the Geneva Conventions .
However , the appeals court rejected the government 's attempt to use the FOIA as " an all - purpose damper on global controversy " and recognized the " significant public interest in the disclosure of these photographs " in light of government misconduct .
The court also recognized that releasing the photographs is likely to prevent " further abuse of prisoners . "
To date , more than 100,000 pages of government documents have been released in response to the ACLU 's FOIA lawsuit .
They are available online at : www.aclu.org/torturefoia
Many of these documents are also compiled and analyzed in " Administration of Torture , " a book by ACLU attorneys Jameel Jaffer and Singh .
More information is available online at : www.aclu.org/administrationoftorture
In addition to Jaffer and Singh , attorneys on the case are Alexander Abdo and Judy Rabinovitz of the national ACLU ; Arthur Eisenberg and Beth Haroules of the New York Civil Liberties Union ; Lawrence S. Lustberg and Jenny - Brooke Condon of the New Jersey - based law firm Gibbons P.C. ; and Shayana Kadidal and Michael Ratner of the Center for Constitutional Rights .
Nate Silver interviewed John Ziegler , the wingnut who commissioned that falsehood - based poll purporting to demonstrate that Obama voters were stooopid .
Silver 's questions , as you can see , are perfectly normal and reasonable , but Ziegler completely loses it .
By the end , he 's doing a Cheney .
It starts to go downhill when Silver , who know a wee bit about polling , asks a perfectly reasonable question :
NS : Why would you commission a survey question with no correct response ?
JZ : The purpose of the question , you pinhead , was we wanted to determine the Tina Fey Effect .
In short order , Ziegler starts attacking Silver over the phone :
NS : Where the interviews conducted by telephone or online ?
JZ : How can you ask a question like that and pretend that you have any clue what you 're writing about !
That 's unbelievable that someone could write what you did !
That is unbelievable that you would n't know that it 's a telephone or an online poll and that you went on my summaries of the questions before the questions were even released !
NS : We ’ve heard reports from our readers that very similar questions had been asked in an online format .
There was no online component at all ?
JZ : That is correct , which you would have known if you had looked at the information .
Before you called this a push poll -- you do n't seem to know the definition of a push poll .
How do you have this website ?
NS : What did Zogby charge you -- what did you pay for this survey ?
JZ : I 'm not going to tell you that , I 'm not a fucking idiot .
By the end , Ziegler is simply hostile -- not to mention thoroughly convinced that his bullshit do n't stink :
NS : Who paid for it ?
JZ : You think I 'm going to tell you that ?
When you 've already shown yourself to be the enemy ?
NS : Was it paid for by the RNC ?
JZ : [ Laughs ] .
In your world , the question that I would ask you is what question [ in the survey ] is there any ambiguity as to what the answer is ?
NS : Well , that Obama ' launched his career ' at the home of two former members of the Weather Underground -- JZ :
That happens to be one of the questions that Obama supporters did the best on !
They did better on that question than on any other Obama - related answers !
And here you ’re telling me that it ’s not true ?
NS : What do you mean by " launched his career " ?
JZ : The first campaign as told by the person whose position he took in the State Senate , as told by her admission , his first campaign event was in the home of Bill Ayers and his wife .
[ Laughs ]
Unless you live in the Obama kool - aid world !
That is astonishing to me that you would not accept that !
And by the way , when you 're given four responses to that question , what else was the response going to be ?
Sarah Palin ?
NS : Well , her husband was a member of a secessionist party .
JZ : You are such a hack !
That 's a very good analogy .
...
NS : Would you consider yourself well - informed ?
JZ : I ’d consider myself extremely well - informed .
NS : Who are the two senators from South Dakota ?
JZ : Thune and , uh , Johnson .
NS : Very good .
South Carolina ?
JZ : Go fuck yourself .
I 'm done with this interview if you 're going to ask me stupid questions like that .
Obviously I know who Lindsay Graham is .
NS : Well , since you ’re running a website calling people misinformed , I ’d like to see if -- there are certain things you ’ve said that I would consider misinformed .
JZ : Misinformed ?
You 're a piece of work !
You are never going to have the guts to post a representative transcript on your website !
I thought you actually ran a legitimate website !
NS : Thank you , have a good day .
JZ : Go fuck yourself .
Can anyone tell me why anyone should take John Ziegler seriously ?
As explained last month , audio - frequency modulation of the amplitude of a signal can be a powerful synthesis tool .
The possibilities expand still further when we consider what happens when you use one audio - frequency signal to modulate the frequency of another ...
How many people can claim to have discovered an entirely new form of sound synthesis ?
John Chowning can .
He did so by accident while experimenting with different types of vibrato at Stanford University in the mid-'60s .
Chowning found that when the frequency of the modulating signal increased beyond a certain point , the vibrato effect disappeared from the modulated tone , and a complex new tone replaced the original .
With hindsight , we can see that he had stumbled upon what is now the most common encoding technique used for public radio transmission ( hence ' FM ' radio ) .
But what made his discovery so serendipitous was that unlike radio engineers , who work at very high frequencies , way above the limits of human hearing , Chowning was able to listen to the modulated waveform .
He quickly discovered that FM is a very powerful method of synthesis and , in 1966 , became the first person to compose and record a piece of music using FM as the exclusive means of sound generation .
Chowning and his associates spent the next few years refining FM , and laid down a sound mathematical and practical basis for the results they were achieving .
Chowning then had the Stanford University Licensing Office approach a number of American manufacturers to see whether they would be interested in implementing it as a commercial method of synthesis .
At a time when the Minimoog and ARP Odyssey ruled , polysynths were but a twinkle in electronic engineers ' eyes , and 4 - bit microprocessors were state - of - the - art devices , none of the American manufacturers saw the potential of FM .
So it was almost in desperation that Stanford turned to Yamaha .
An engineer named Mr. Ichimura was duly despatched to see Chowning , and the rest , as they say , is history .
As a direct consequence of Yamaha 's amazing success throughout the ' 80s — the company sold millions of FM synthesizers , organs and home keyboards — we now think of FM as an exclusively digital process .
But that is not the case .
It is more practical to implement it in digital form , but the theory of FM is just as applicable to analogue oscillators , as we shall see ...
Last month I explained Amplitude Modulation , and described some of the ways in which it allows you to create new sounds .
Let 's recap a little .
Equations 1 and 2 show two instances of the simplest waveform : a sine wave .
The instantaneous amplitudes of the waveforms ( their levels at any given point in time , called ' A ' ) are related to their gains ( the maximum amplitude reached in their cycles , called ' a ' ) , their frequencies ( ' w ' ) and time ( ' t ' ) .
And , as before , the subscripts ' 1 ' and ' 2 ' denote waveform 1 and 2 respectively .
Equation 1 : A simple ' cosine ' wave .
Equation 2 : A second ' cosine ' wave .
If you refer back , you 'll also remember that we defined the maximum amplitude of the first waveform as the gain of a VCA , and we modulated this using the second waveform , as shown in Figure 1 , below .
Equation 3 shows how I wrote the mathematics that describes this arrangement .
Equation 3 : The equation defining the output waveform from the VCA in Figure 1 .
But now we 're going to mix things up a bit .
Instead of modulating the amplitude of the first waveform , we 're going to modulate its frequency .
The block diagram that describes this is deceptively simple , as I have shown in Figure 2 .
Similarly , the equation describing Frequency Modulation ( Equation 4 ) looks no more fearsome than that describing Amplitude Modulation .
Indeed , if you look closely you can see that exactly the same terms are present in both , it 's just that one of them ( A 2 ) has changed position .
Equation 4 : The equation defining the output waveform from Oscillator 1 in Figure 2 .
If we now echo last month 's article and substitute the full expression for A 2 into Equation 4 , we obtain Equation 5 .
Equation 5 : Another way of writing Equation 4 .
At this point , you would be completely justified in running , screaming , for the hills .
Unlike last month 's equations ( which we could interpret using no more than ' O ' - level or maybe ' A ' - level maths ) this one is a monster .
Indeed , even with a degree in mathematics , you would be hard pressed to do much with it .
You will , therefore , be delighted to know that I 'm not even going to try to solve the equation .
Unfortunately , that means that you will have to take many of the following facts on trust .
But hey ... trust me , I once lived with a doctor !
Now let 's jump back two months , and return to Part 10 of Synth Secrets and the simple vibrato that I described in that article .
Figure 3 shows what happens to a waveform ( a ' Carrier ' ) whose frequency is being swept up and down by a source of modulation ( a ' Modulator ' ) .
In this example , the frequency of that Modulator is significantly lower than that of the Carrier .
Now let 's ask ourselves what happens as we increase the Modulator 's frequency until it approaches , equals , or even exceeds that of the Carrier .
At some point , instead of looking like a cyclical ' squeezing ' and ' stretching ' of the Carrier waveform , the modulation will become a form of distortion within the individual cycles of the Carrier waveform .
To demonstrate this I have drawn an example using a very short segment of Carrier waveform — maybe one - eighth of a cycle or thereabouts ( Figure 4 ) .
Let 's now apply a Modulator to this .
In this example it will have a low amplitude , but will be many times the frequency of the Carrier ( see Figure 5 ) — since there are more than seven cycles of modulation in Figure 5 , which shows one - eighth of a Carrier cycle , this means that the Modulator frequency is approximately 60 times that of the Carrier .
As you will appreciate , this sounds nothing like vibrato .
But what does it sound like ?
If you refer back to Equation 5 , you 'll see that the equation for A 1 has two ' alien ' terms within it : a 2 and w 2 .
These are , of course , the gain ( maximum amplitude ) and the frequency of the Modulator .
So it 's fair to assume that each of these will have an affect on the nature of the modulated signal .
Let 's look first at w 2 , and see what attribute of the output is influenced by the Modulator 's frequency .
John Chowning discovered that FM , like AM , generates side bands — additional components , not necessarily harmonically related to the frequency of the Carrier or Modulator — in the frequency spectrum of the output signal .
( For an explanation of what side bands are , please refer back to last month . )
To see how frequency modulation produces side bands , let 's take an example of a sine wave Carrier with frequency w c and a sine wave Modulator of frequency w m .
I have shown these in Figure 6 ( right ) .
So far , so good ...
However , whereas AM generates just two side bands ( w c + w m ) and ( w c - w m ) , FM produces a whole series that we can express as follows :
Equation 6 : The side - band frequencies , where w sb = the series of side - band frequencies , w c = Carrier frequency , w m = Modulator frequency , and n = any integer ( 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and so on ) .
To put this in English : each side band lies at a frequency equal to the Carrier frequency plus or minus an integer multiple of the Modulator frequency .
Of course , since ' n ' can take any integer value , in theory , applying frequency modulation to a signal produces an infinite series of side bands .
In the real world , however , no system has infinite bandwidth , and analogue systems are limited to producing side bands within their finite bandwidth ( see later for more on bandwidth ) .
Similarly , manufacturers of digital FM systems constrain the mathematics to those values that they deem significant .
Fortunately , and despite this possible complication , the simple formula in Equation 6 makes it easy to see where the side bands are located .
Given the Carrier and the Modulator shown in Figure 6 ( above ) , we can show the side bands as shown in Figure 7 .
Now , what about the amplitudes of these side bands ?
OK , we now know that frequency modulation generates side bands , and that the Modulator 's frequency determines where they lie .
But what is the ' shape ' of the resulting spectrum ?
To answer this , we must turn to the second attribute of the Modulator — its gain , a 2 — and introduce a new concept called the ' Modulation Index ' , or simply ' ß ' ( ' beta ' ) .
To explain ß , I must again direct you to our example of simple vibrato .
Imagine a simple synthesizer patch in which the amplitude of a modulation is modified by a VCA that is itself controlled by a Control Voltage source ( see Figure 8 ) .
Do n't forget that in this case , the Modulator frequency w m is very much lower than the Carrier frequency w c .
Consider the case where the gain of the VCA is zero .
Clearly , there will be no modulation , and the Carrier will produce a simple , unmodified tone .
Now let 's increase the gain of the VCA slightly .
As you would expect , a gentle vibrato results , much like that of the aforementioned guitarist or violinist .
But let 's not stop here , and keep increasing the gain until the Modulator is sweeping the Carrier over a wide range of frequencies .
At this point , a banshee wail or siren - type sound results .
What we learn from this is that the sound we hear is not only determined by the frequency of the Modulator , but also by its gain or maximum amplitude .
Applying these ideas to audio - frequency FM , we must first define ß as the ratio of the Carrier 's frequency sweep ( the amount by which the Carrier deviates from its unmodulated frequency ) divided by the Modulator frequency .
We write this as follows :
Equation 7 : The Modulation Index , where ß = the Modulation Index , ( pronounced ' delta ' ) means " the change in ... " , w c = Carrier frequency , and w m = Modulator frequency .
Since the numerator of this expression ( the bit ' above the line ' ) is the change in the Carrier frequency , this means that ß is directly related to the amplitude of the Modulator .
Now , this is the point at which things get a little weird , because for any given Modulator frequency , it is the Modulation Index ( and , therefore , the amplitude of the Modulator ) that determines the amplitude of each of the components in the spectrum of the output signal .
No , I can't demonstrate why this is so without invoking some of that scary maths I mentioned before , but I can show you a couple of examples .
Let 's take that case where the Modulation Index is low — say in the region of 0.1 or less .
The only significant side bands will be those closest to the Carrier frequency , and the result will look similar to that we obtained last month using Amplitude Modulation ( see Figure 9 , above ) .
In contrast , if ß is significantly higher — say , in the region of 5 — we obtain a much broader series of side bands , and a much more complex spectrum results ( see Figure 10 ) .
I have shown the first six side bands created by ß=5 , but there are far more in the real signal .
What 's more , you should note an interesting consequence of this value of ß : the amplitude of the original Carrier frequency has diminished significantly .
Indeed , there is a value of ß that will cause it to disappear altogether !
Now look at Equation 7 again and you 'll see that the denominator ( the bit ' below the line ' ) is the frequency of the Modulator .
The consequences of this are very far - reaching .
Let 's say that you have decided that the spectrum in Figure 10 is the tone that you want , and that you want to be able to play the sound up and down the keyboard in conventional manner .
This will require both the Carrier and the Modulator to track the keyboard equally so that the harmonic relationship between the spectral components ( the side bands ) remains constant .
But Equation 7 demonstrates that , as the Modulator frequency increases , ß decreases .
For example , if you play one octave higher , w m doubles and ß is therefore halved .
To avoid this change in the spectrum , the Modulator amplitude must increase proportionally — it must double — to keep ß constant .
This is not as much of a problem as it sounds , and Figure 11 shows the simplest way to achieve this .
Mind you , this configuration is almost impossibly difficult to calibrate perfectly , and the vagaries of analogue components ensure that it will , at best , be inconsistent .
This is the reason why FM is almost always implemented using digital technology .
To move on , we need to talk about bandwidth for a moment .
I first mentioned this concept in regard to Equation 6 , when I said that real - world systems could not handle a signal of infinite bandwidth .
So let 's discuss what the real bandwidth of an FM 'd signal might be .
For the purposes of this discussion , you could define the bandwidth as the range of frequencies occupied by any given signal .
So , for example , a precise sine wave of , say , 100 Hz would have negligible bandwidth ( it exists only at a specific frequency ) whereas a waveform with the same fundamental frequency plus one harmonic at 200 Hz would occupy 100 Hz of bandwidth .
Likewise , a signal occupying the range between 100Hz and 1500 Hz would have a bandwidth of 1400 Hz , and so on .
Now let 's apply this concept to the output from an FM system .
Suppose that the Carrier is a sine wave of frequency 500Hz and the Modulator is a sine wave of frequency 300 Hz .
Clearly , if you mixed these together using a simple audio mixer , then using the simple definition above , the resulting signal would occupy a bandwidth of 200Hz .
Now let 's configure the signals so that Amplitude Modulation occurs .
From last month we know that the resulting three components have frequencies of w c , w c + w m , and w c - w m .
These frequencies are 500 Hz , 200Hz , and 800 Hz respectively , so the bandwidth of the resulting signal — the ' spread ' between the lowest and highest side bands — is 600Hz .
Now let 's consider the bandwidth of an FM 'd signal .
Although theoretically infinite ( remember , the series of side bands is infinite ) the Modulation Index will ensure that side bands of higher ' n ' are of negligible amplitude .
This means that the bandwidth is , to all intents and purposes , finite .
Moreover , there is a ' rule - of - thumb ' equation that gives us a rough idea of the meaningful bandwidth of the output signal .
I have shown this in Equation 8 .
Equation 8 : The bandwidth of the modulated signal , where B = bandwidth , w m = modulator frequency , and ß = Modulation Index .
Let 's say that ß is very small .
Then , in our example of a 500 Hz Carrier and a 300 Hz Modulator , the bandwidth of the output will be equal to 2 x 300 Hz x ( 1 + 0 ) = 600 Hz .
Thus , as I stated earlier , for low values of ß the result is much like that obtained using Amplitude Modulation .
But now let 's suppose that ß=5 .
Then , in our example , the bandwidth of the output will be 2 x 300 Hz x ( 1 + 5 ) = 3,600 Hz .
Clearly , high values of ß allow FM to create much more complex signals with a much higher bandwidth than the other methods of making two signals interact ( see Figure 12 , below ) .
Note that this calculation also tells you that , in this example , there are 24 discrete spectral components in the output .
Unfortunately , you 'll have to read next month 's Synth Secrets to find out why .
Now let 's remind ourselves that , in simple subtractive synthesis , changes in the volume of a sound are most often determined by a contour generator acting upon an amplifier .
Similarly , any changes in the tone of a sound are usually determined by a contour generator acting upon the cutoff frequency of a filter .
In an FM configuration , the volume of the sound is still determined by the volume envelope of the audio signal ( which is , of course , the modulated Carrier ) , but you no longer need a filter to modify the tone .
This is because , for any given Modulator frequency , the Modulator amplitude determines the bandwidth of the output .
You can create an interesting demonstration of this using just seven synthesizer modules patched together as shown in Figure 13 .
As you can see , the amplitude of the output signal will decrease as EG2 decreases the gain of VCA2 — so over time , the output gets quieter and quieter .
At the same time , the maximum amplitude of the Modulator signal derived from VCO1 will increase as EG1 increases the gain of VCA1 .
This means that , as time passes , the Modulation Index increases , the bandwidth increases , and the output gets brighter and brighter .
This is in marked contrast to natural sounds , where increased loudness almost always goes hand - in - hand with increased brightness .
You might think that there 's nothing stopping you duplicating this effect using a filter , and it 's true that you can use a contour generator and a low - pass VCF to brighten a signal as time passes .
But that configuration would be quite incapable of recreating the complex tonal changes that also occur in the FM'd tone — changes that you cannot reproduce using conventional subtractive methods .
So let 's summarise .
Without solving the mathematics of FM , we can say the following two things about the relationship between the Modulator and the output signal :
The number of significant spectral components and their amplitudes are determined by the Modulation Index , which is proportional to the Modulator 's amplitude ; but inversely proportional to the Modulator 's frequency ...
...and ...
For any given Carrier frequency , the position of the spectral components is determined by the Modulator 's frequency alone .
Although the proof of these statements and the calculation of the side bands ' amplitude spectrum is a nightmare , the basics are easily understood .
And , whether we perform FM using an analogue synth or a digital one , these principles remain the same .
So here 's this month 's Synth Secret ( which , as usual , is no secret at all ) :
Frequency Modulation is a powerful method of synthesis that is as relevant to analogue synthesizers as it is to digital ones , and which is capable of generating sounds unobtainable by any other method .
Next month , we 'll take a closer look at some practical aspects of Frequency Modulation , and introduce the idea of ' operators ' — a common concept if you own a DX7 synthesizer , but perhaps not one that you have encountered in analogue technology .
We 'll even take a look at some basic FM programming on a modular analogue synth .
Until then ...
De Vall is asking that 25 serious people commit to speaking in favor of local regulation at the General Plan Update hearings ( Feb - Mar 09 ) .
Others may prefer to write letters or help bring together a broad spectrum of voices -- business owners , enlightened public officials , health professionals and community organizers -- all advocating that we give medical cannabis regulation in the county a chance .
How can you help ?
The Mendocino County General Plan was produced in 1981 .
There has never been an Update , according to Sally Palacio , a member of the 5 - person Planning Team in charge of the Update .
The County began the Update process in 2001 but never completed it .
The Planning Team was formed in 06 .
They are carrying over the ideas presented earlier with the same planning consultants ( PMC ) , so it is not like starting from scratch .
Palacio said :1) All Update comments ( deadline : 11/18/08 ) will be published in final draft form , to be included in the EIR , by Jan 2009.2 ) Planning Commission Hearings are projected for Feb 09.3 ) Board of Supervisors Hearings are projected for Mar 09 .
The collaborative purpose of Mendocino Medical Marijuana Advisory Board ( MMMAB ) and Norman de Vall is to spark debate on the feasibility of medical cannabis regulation within the county through land use requirements .
We need to find a resolution - - a middle ground between increasingly warring sides , i.e. , law enforcement and the medical marijuana community .
The practice of medicine is regulated by the state .
The right to regulate income is part of that .
Local regulation would turn the waste of law enforcement at war with its own citizens into a way of generating income for the county and forming a future working relationship , beneficial to all concerned .
Why should the county deny itself the economic opportunity of sustainable income from local production of medical cannabis under state law ?
Anna
T has suggested that this is at odds with MMMAB 's original plan to go to county voters with a regulation proposal .
Not at all ; one would logically follow the other .
This juncture of harsh times coinciding with economic potential & the General Plan Update makes moving into discussions / hearings / policy level change ideas worth a try .
The Supervisors have been absent from the Prop 215 debate in the past but are now looking for income options .
If we can debate a realistic land use regulation perspective , laying the groundwork in the General Plan Update , we 've put the idea in motion , whether or not the Supes are innovative enough to act , not just talk .
Regardless , the ballot belongs to the people .
The public has more common sense and courage than the government on this issue .
The Update is a dress rehearsal on the feasibility of using marijuana -- the county 's most valuable and viable crop -- to the county 's economic advantage , while at the same time fulfilling the medical access / medical choice purpose of the law .
In the end , the question is who will emerge to shape the future -- the people or the government ?
The idea of medical marijuana regulation is coming from outside government , from the grassroots , suggesting a way of integrating medical marijuana which is now legal into the economic fabric of society .
If we the people take the reins , we can do what government has failed to do -- i.e. , steer policy in a beneficial direction for the good of the whole .
Our goal is nothing short of equality for cannabis medicines and the people who use them .
pebsPress Release -- Press Contact : Norman de Vall ( 707 ) 877-3551 ; 357-5555 ( cell ) ; 877-1861 ( fax ) .
FORMER MENDOCINO COUNTY SUPERVISOR NORMAN DE VALL URGES SUPERVISORS TO INCLUDE MEDICAL CANNABIS REGULATION IN THE GENERAL PLAN UPDATE 2008 .
Former 5th District Mendocino County Supervisor ( 1979 - 1995 ) Norman de Vall has submitted comments urging the Supervisors and the Planning Team to include medical cannabis regulation in the 2008 General Plan Update .
According to de Vall , " This is the first proposal in the state for a county to regulate medical cannabis through Land Use Requirements , as a means to generate needed income for the county .
" Representing Norman de Vall & Associates , Planning & Land Use Consultants , his proposal was submitted on behalf of the Mendocino Medical Marijuana Advisory Board ( MMMAB ) to Chairman Wattenburger and the Board of Supervisors ' Planning Team for inclusion in the Mendocino County General Plan Update / EIR.MMMAB believes that normalizing legitimate growing of medical marijuana for the benefit not only of patient - growers , collectives and cooperatives , but also for the County , is overdue .
Now that the Attorney General and the Courts are issuing guidelines , it is time for the Board to begin taking the necessary steps to adopt an economic model allowing Mendocino County to regulate medical cannabis production , for the express purpose of benefiting and sustaining the County economically .
The question is :
Where and How can legitimate growers of medical marijuana be enabled to serve patient - growers , collectives and cooperatives , as well as the County ?
The answer put forward by de Vall & Associates and MMMAB is " by regulating the legal production of medical cannabis under specific land use designations with either a Use by Right ( i.e. , Ministerial with no permit required ) or by approval of a Minor or Major Use Permit for " collective cooperative cultivation projects " ( Senate Bill 420 ) or by any other appropriate land use designation that fulfills the regulation purpose of the legislation " .
( See attached letter from Norman de Vall & Associates . )
The MMMAB steering committee " urges the Supervisors to pass reasonable Land Use Regulations to enhance patient access to medical cannabis as well as to benefit the county financially " .
Norman L. de Vall & Assoc.
Planning and Land Use ConsultantsP.O. Box 3 Elk , California 95432( 707 ) 877-3551 357-5555 877:1861 November 17 , 2008 The Honorable Jim Wattenburger , chairand Members Board of SupervisorsMendocino County501 Low Gap RoadUkiah CA 95482(797 ) 463-4221 463:4245re : General Plan Update Regulation of Medical MarijuanaDear Chairman Wattenburger and Members of the BoardWe have been retained by the Mendocino Medical Marijuana Advisory Board to present to you recommendations for the regulated , controlled and publicly beneficial production of Medical Marijuana in Mendocino County , as authorized under California Health and Safety Codes 11362, 5 et seq .
There is a window of economic opportunity the county would be wise to pursue at this juncture in time , in light of imminent California Supreme Court rulings and the California Attorney General issuing medical marijuana guidelines for Proposition 215 and Senate Bill 420 , especially regarding collectives and cooperatives .
We do not believe that any one ordinance can address all of the issues surrouding this new economic opportunity for Mendocino County .
However , with the fortuitous occasion of the General Plan Update , we can establish and limit the land use types on which medical marijuana can be produced and what conditions its production must meet .
We appreciate that your Board and its Standing Committees have struggled long and hard to bring about reasonable responsible regulation of medical marijuana production .
While the efforts have been commendable , the results have been limited , controversial , litigious and unpopular .
The question is :
Where and How can the legitimate growing of medical marijuana be enabled to serve patient - growers , collectives and cooperatives , as well as the County ?
Years ago , when the Board of Supervisors was confronted with another significant land use issue , resolution was found during the update process of the General Plan .
The issue was the reality that hundreds ( or more ) owner - builders had constructed their homes without benefit of building permits .
Through the Board 's Clean Slate program and the new Intent Section of the County General Plan , those structures were then recognized by the County .
The Mendocino Medical Marijuana Advisory Board believes that the two challenges - - owner - builders and providing medical marijuana -- are remarkably similar .
It was a General Plan change that broke the intractable impasse between the County and the owner - builder community .
Today 's Board has the opportunity to permit and regulate what is allowed by State law but is not recognized to date by the County .
The owner - builder issue was greatly influenced by a published court decision ( City of Santa Barbara v Mary Adamson , 1982 ) .
The current situation regarding medical cannabis guidelines ( P v Kelly and P v Phomphakdy , 2008 ) is now under review by the State Supreme Court with sections of H&S Code 11362.7 at the heart of the discussion .
With that successful history in mind , we now recommend that the Board begin regulating the legal production of medical cannabis under specific land use designations with either a Use by Right ( i.e. , Ministerial with no permit required ) or by approval of a Minor or Major Use Permit for " collective cooperative cultivation projects " ( SB420 ) or by any other appropriate land use designation that fulfills the regulation purpose of the legislation .
In addition , we suggest that the number of Medical Marijuana Use Permits ( MMUP ) be initially limited and gradually adjusted as the permit process evolves : 1 ) to encourage responsible production and 2 ) to reduce control and enforcement issues ( similar to how the number of taxi cabs is limited in urban areas ) .
Now that the Attorney General has issued legal guidelines and the courts are issuing theirs , it is time to begin taking the necessary steps to adopt an economic model allowing the County to regulate medical cannabis production , for the express purpose of benefiting and sustaining the county economically for the forseeable future .
I look forward to further discussions with your Board on this issue .
Sincerely , Norman L. de VallAgent on behalf of Mendocino Medical Marijuana Advisory Boardcc : Sheriff Tom AllmanDistrict Attorney Meredith LintottPresiding Superior Court Judge Cindy MayfieldCongressman Mike ThompsonAssembly Member Patty BergAssembly Member Wesley ChesbroState Senator Patricia WigginsGovernors ' Office of Planning and ResearchMendocino Medical Marijuana Advisory BoardMMMAB
Counsel Keith FaulderAll Media
HERE is a salutary tale about the World Bank .
The first draft of its 1992 World Development Report , dedicated to sustainable development , contained a diagram labelled “ the relation of the economy to the environment ” .
It showed a rectangle labelled “ economy ” , with an arrow entering it labelled “ inputs ” and an arrow exiting it labelled “ outputs ” .
That was it .
It was my job , as senior economist in the bank ’s environment department , to review the draft and offer suggestions .
I said drawing such a picture was a great idea , but it really had to include the environment .
As drawn , the economy was …
Advertisements
Senate Judiciary Committee member Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) today proposed ending the practice of governors filling vacancies to the U.S. Senate with a Constitutional amendment mandating special elections for all open Senate seats .
“ The controversies surrounding some of the recent gubernatorial appointments to vacant Senate seats make it painfully clear that such appointments are an anachronism that must end .
In 1913 , the Seventeenth Amendment to the Constitution gave the citizens of this country the power to finally elect their senators .
They should have the same power in the case of unexpected midterm vacancies , so that the Senate is as responsive as possible to the will of the people , ” Feingold said .
The Wisconsin Democrat continued promised to introduce the Constitutional amendment , and hold a hear on the topic in the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution , “ I plan to introduce a constitutional amendment this week to require special elections when a Senate seat is vacant , as the Constitution mandates for the House , and as my own state of Wisconsin already requires by statute .
As the Chairman of the Constitution Subcommittee , I will hold a hearing on this important topic soon . ”
Advertisements
This is a no- brainer that both parties should be in favor of .
The idea that the governor of a state knows is better qualified to appoint a senator that his constituents are to elect one is archaic 19th Century thinking .
Feingold ’s proposed amendment is a direct response to the Blago - Burris debacle in Illinois , and Gov. Patterson ’s handling of filling Hillary Clinton ’s vacant Senate seat in New York .
The fact that incumbent senators are retained at over a 90 % rate makes the filling of vacancies a critical decision .
The citizens of a state deserve to have their voices heard when a replacement must be chosen to fill out a Senate term .
The whole Roland Burris fiasco could have been avoided if the governor only had the power to call a special election , not fill the seat .
The recent situations in New York and Illinois demonstrated how governors can play politics with these appointments .
This is why the law must be altered to put the decision back into the hands of the people .
Full Feingold Statement
For nearly two decades , Boeing Co. 's massive 747 jumbo jet has served as the president ’s flying White House , awing world leaders and projecting America ’s might wherever it landed .
But in the next decade , “ United States of America ” could end up being emblazoned on an even bigger plane that has been a symbol of European unity and pride .
The 747 Air Force
One is slated to be replaced , and the new plane is likely to be stuffed with top - secret , high - tech gadgetry , including countermeasures to thwart missile attacks , and aerial refueling capability so it can fly for days without landing .
That ’s on top of comforts that are likely to make even the world ’s richest jet setters envious , including a medical facility and lavish staterooms with showers .
Advertisement
What it will not have is a presidential escape pod , analysts said , a feature that became an urban legend thanks to a 1997 action film named after the presidential plane and starring Harrison Ford .
It is unlikely that President - elect Barack Obama will get a chance to fly in a new Air Force
One because the replacement is n’t slated to begin flying until 2016 at the earliest .
It takes as long as three years just to modify the plane so it can withstand attacks and enable the president to command from the sky .
But for the first time , the Pentagon has raised the prospect that the replacement for the most photographed and most advanced passenger jet in the world could come from a firm overseas .
In a move that is certain to raise the political ire of “ buy American ” supporters in Congress , the Air Force has requested information from aircraft makers , including Airbus of Europe , to replace the aging 747 jet .
Boeing , headquartered in Chicago , has built presidential jets since the early 1960s .
Advertisement
“ I just ca n’t see how they could allow that to happen , ” John Pike , director of the military policy website GlobalSecurity.org , said about congressional reaction to an Airbus plane .
“ The American president getting off of an American plane has been a major part of the U.S. being a superpower . ”
The purchase of an Airbus plane is not as farfetched as some would think , several analysts said .
The Pentagon ’s request for information made quietly last week set in motion an open - ended contest .
Airbus and Boeing are the only two companies capable of building an aircraft as large and sophisticated as that required by the leader of the world ’s most powerful country .
Last year , the double - decked Airbus A380 unseated the 747 as the world ’s largest passenger plane .
“ The level of security and the amount of foreign participation in this requirement has not been determined , ” the official request for information said .
The Air Force has not ruled out buying from a foreign firm .
Advertisement
It would n’t be the first time .
Barriers against foreign competition collapsed several years ago when the Pentagon selected a consortium of U.S. , Italian and British companies to build replacements for the president ’s Marine One helicopter fleet .
And last year , the Air Force chose a team of Century City - based Northrop Grumman Corp . and Airbus to build aerial refueling tankers , although that was later overturned after a protest from Boeing on procedural grounds .
A similar partnership could bid for the Air Force One contract , analysts said .
“ At first it sounds inconceivable , but then again so did the presidential helicopter selection , ” said Richard Aboulafia , an analyst for aerospace research firm Teal Group Corp .
“ If politics was completely removed , the Air Force may decide they need all the space they can get ” from the A380 , which has about 40 % more interior space than the 747 .
For its part , Boeing says it has no intention of losing its grip on building presidential jets .
A Boeing official said it was too early to say what kind of plane it would propose as a replacement , although analysts are speculating that the contender could be the new and larger version of the 747 dubbed the 747-8 Intercontinental .
The passenger version of the new plane is expected to enter service in 2011 .
The president actually has two 747 jets at his disposal .
“ Air Force One ” is the radio call sign for any plane that has the president on board .
But the identical 747s have come to be commonly called Air Force One .
Advertisement
In its request for information , the Air Force said it wanted to buy three new planes , which would be cheaper than repairing and maintaining the aging 747s , which entered service in 1990 .
The president ’s plane was based on an earlier 747-200 model , many of which were built in the 1970s and are no longer in service , reducing the availability of spare parts .
The potential cost of the plane is classified , but passenger versions of the A380 cost as much as $ 350 million , while the price tag for a new 747 - 8 is about $ 300 million .
Whichever is chosen , the new plane is likely to be outfitted with the most advanced electronics , weapons and communication systems ever developed to defend against attacks .
It will clearly have enough electronics on board to enable the president to direct major military operations from the sky .
The current 747 has 87 telephone lines , 28 of which are secured and encrypted .
Advertisement
“ From a purely symbolic point of view , it would be really tough to buy a European - designed aircraft , ” said Loren Thompson , defense policy analyst for the Lexington Institute .
“ It would be like the president arriving in a BMW limousine . ”
--
peter.pae@latimes.com
good
In Gaza , children ,
you learn that the sky kills
and that houses hurt .
You learn that your blanket is smoke
and breakfast is dirt .
You learn that cars do somersaults
clothes turn red ,
friends become statues ,
bakers do n’t sell bread .
You learn that the night is a gun ,
that toys burn
breath can stop ,
it could be your turn .
You learn :
if they send you fire
they could n’t guess :
not just the soldier dies -
it ’s you and the rest .
Nowhere to run ,
nowhere to go ,
nowhere to hide
in the home you know .
You learn
that death is n’t life ,
that air is n’t bread ,
the land is for all .
You have the right to be
Not Dead .
You have the right to be
Not Dead .
You have the right to be
Not Dead .
The estimated turnout for this protest , according to Andrew Murray , was 200,000 .
I do n't mind what precise figure people put on it , but it was , and certainly above 100,000 .
To this can be added the protests across the UK , which respectively numbered in hundreds and thousands .
As I said earlier , this was the largest ever pro-Palestinian demonstration in the United Kingdom .
I met a guy I know from MPAC at the start , and he agreed that the size of the demo was astonishing - this was as we were crowding into Hyde Park , before it even really kicked off .
The severity of what Israel is imposing on Gaza , with the assistance of UK arms and the benevolence of UK diplomacy , has galvanised people in a way that we have n't seen since 2003 .
The tone of the protest was also very different from past demonstrations .
For one thing , there was much more visible condemnation of the Arab regimes that are complicit in this attack .
When speakers called for the Egyptian regime to be overthrown , the cheers were among the loudest of the day .
For another , there is a great desire that this historic demonstration become the basis for a campaign .
In some form or another , there is a desire to sanction Israel , up to and including a full - blown boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign .
I would be delighted if such a campaign could be made to work .
This brings me to something else I want to point out about the demonstration .
In today 's Guardian , over seventy Jewish writers and activists wrote to condemn Israel 's atrocities in Gaza .
The letter calls for a campaign of boycott , divestment and sanctions , which was also recently backed by Naomi Klein .
This letter was cited twice by speakers , one of them Azzam Tamimi , who said " this war is not between Muslims and Jews , it is between the oppressed and the oppressor " .
The other speaker who I think was Ismail Patel said something that I think is extremely important , reflecting what Alexei Sayle said at last week 's demonstration : it is long past time to stop allowing the state of Israel to call itself " the Jewish State " .
It is a travesty that a racist state that imposes apartheid and mass murder on the Palestinians has for so long been allowed to legitimise itself with reference to Jewish suffering , and particularly the Nazi holocaust .
When its soldiers are bestialising themselves in Gaza , coldly murdering people in the most humiliating way , and imposing a system that seems in some respects to be deliberately redolent of the Warsaw Ghetto , the idea that Israel is the bearer of a legacy of resistance to fascism is disgusting , and absurd .
Now , I know full well that we are not watching a repeat of the Final Solution , but it should n't have to get that far before Palestine has its Marek Edelmans .
And we should not hesitate to support them when they defend Palestine .
Finally , a word about the apparent ruckus outside the Israeli embassy .
I did n't see it become at all serious , but I do know the police sealed off hundreds and perhaps more people in the area , and it has to be said that the police acted as if they wanted a fight .
They had tried to confine an enormous amount of people into a densely barricaded bottleneck and , as far as I could see , this made the stewards ' job more difficult .
A number of protesters did evidently want to get into the Israeli embassy , and I did notice that one of them got onto the entrance walls and waved a Hamas flag around .
Frankly , .
The logical thing to do at this point would be to expel the Israeli ambassador and convert the building into the embassy of a future Palestinian state .
But , as angry as people justifiably are , and as much as one would have every reason to expect a riot at this point , I personally saw nothing that could have even notionally justified the kind of clampdown that the police eventually imposed .
Update :
Here is the poem that Michael Rosen wrote , and read out for the protest :
And since my digital camera was n't working today , here are some good quality pics from Ellis Sharp .
More from septicisle here .
Jamie 's pics , videos and report are here .
See also , pictures from the Paris demo
Labels : air strikes , gaza , hamas , invasion , Israel , palestine , war crimes
Newswise — Using only the computing power of 16 Sony Playstation 3 gaming consoles , scientists at The University of Alabama in Huntsville and the University of Massachusetts , Dartmouth , have solved a mystery about the speed at which vibrating black holes stop vibrating .
It may be the first time this kind of research has been conducted exclusively on a PS3 cluster : A related 2007 UMass Dartmouth / UAHuntsville project using a smaller PS3 cluster also used a " traditional " supercomputer to run its simulations .
The biggest advantage of the console cluster — the PS3 Gravity Grid — at UMass Dartmouth was the cost saving , said Dr. Lior Burko , an assistant physics professor at UAHuntsville .
" If we had rented computing time from a supercomputer center it would have cost us about $ 5,000 to run our simulation one time .
For this project we ran our simulation several dozens of times to test different parameters and circumstances , so you can see how much that would have cost us .
" You can build a cluster like this for perhaps $ 6,000 , and then you can run the simulation as many times as you like at no additional cost . "
" Science budgets have been significantly dropping over the last decade , " said UMass Dartmount Physics Professor Gaurav Khanna , who built the PS3 cluster .
" Here 's a way that people can do science projects less expensively . "
Khanna recently launched a website which includes step - by - step instructions for building a supercomputing PS3 cluster .
The PS3 cluster was well suited to this type of astrophysical research , which requires a large number of mathematical calculations but has low demands for RAM memory , Burko said .
" Not every kind of job would be suitable for that system , but it is exactly the kind of computation that we did . "
The current price for supercomputing time through a center like the National Science Foundation 's TeraGrid or the Alabama Supercomputing Center is about $ 1 per CPU hour .
Each PS3 has a powerful Cell processor .
The 16 - unit PS3 grid can complete a 5,000 - CPU - hour ( and $ 5,000 ) simulation run in about a day .
That is a speed comparable to a rented supercomputer .
Published in the journal , " Classical and Quantum Gravity , " the new research resolved a dispute over the speed at which black holes stop vibrating after they first form or are perturbed by something like swallowing some matter .
" Think of a bell , " said Burko .
" A bell rings , but eventually it gets quiet .
The energy that goes out with the sound waves is energy that the bell is losing .
A black hole does exactly that in gravitational waves instead of sound waves .
A black hole that is wobbling is emitting gravitational waves .
When those vibrations die down you get a quiet black hole . "
( Most black holes are " quiet , " which means the only things astronomers can measure are their mass and how fast they spin . )
Khanna and Burko used a high resolution computer simulation to " perturb " a simulated spinning black hole , then watched as it returned to its quiet state .
They found that the speed at which black holes go quiet was the faster of the two competing theories .
Several Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) , along with " NebuAd , " the company responsible for a controversial marketing technology that delivers " more relevant ads " while you surf the Internet are facing a class action lawsuit .
The suit was filed in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco and alleges violations of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , Computer Fraud and Abuse Act , California 's Invasion of Privacy Act and California 's Computer Crime Law , as well as aiding and abetting , civil conspiracy and unjust enrichment .
Earlier this year , NebuAd made the news when it partnered with Charter Communications to test its Deep Packet Inspection ( DPI ) technology .
Users were automatically opted into the tests but were given the option of opting out if and when they learned about the trial .
Charter Communications dropped the program due to angry reactions from their users .
( Source : infopackets.com )
The suit notes that NebuAd and the ISPs acted both independently and jointly to access and disclose information about the ISP subscribers that was sensitive and personally identifying and that the intentional interception of the information was done without the consent of the subscriber .
( Source : zdnet.com )
The suit also notes that the process was not in the normal course of business for the ISP and was used instead to monetize the subscriber 's data for advertisement purposes and that ISPs are allowed to track subscriber traffic to monitor for things like viruses , spam and the overall health of their networks but that DPI is not part of those rights .
A 51 page copy of the lawsuit document is available from DocStoc. ( Source : docstoc.com )
The suit goes on to further note that the Acceptable Use Policies ( AUP ) used did not include language informing them that their online communications could be sold to advertisers and that DPI allows ISPs to tap into new revenue streams aside from the traditional subscription business model .
The lawsuit does not involve corporations that affiliated with NebuAd , but did not activate NebuAd 's appliance , products , and / or services to intercept online transmission of their subscribers .
NebuAd appeared before Congress earlier this year , testifying that everything was legal and that no personally - identifying information was collected , but advocacy groups criticized the program as an invasion of privacy , saying it could be violating state and federal laws .
NebuAd laid off a " significant " number of employees after former CEO Bob Dykes resigned in September .
It does n't look good for NebuAd , but Phorm , another company utilizing DPI , has been given a green light by regulators in the U.K. who found the technology to be legal .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
President Obama Talks Green Jobs And Biofuels .
Says That Government Spending Will Be Made Public At Recovery.gov .
[ social_buttons ]
We ’re finally here .
Today , President Obama delivered his first weekly address to the nation .
I love these kinds of things .
As archaic as the Bush administration was , I have to give them props for putting the President ’s weekly address on iTunes .
I expect Obama will follow suit .
Obama has only been in the White House for four days and he ’s been quite busy .
His executive order on Presidential Records brings transparency back to goverment , and accountability !
Something sorely lacking these past eight years .
He has also halted the detention facility at Guantánamo Bay , one of America ’s biggest blemishes .
But let ’s get to what he said today .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/RDfpd8GV9dI&hl=en&fs=1]
President Obama got it right when he said we have an “ unprecedented crisis that calls for unprecedented action . ”
Yes the current economy totally sucks , and yes , many greedy and evil people got us into the position we are in .
But I think this was inevitable .
We ’ve been just getting by for decades now .
Here in America we ’ve invented the automobile revolution , Britney Spears , and the Internet .
Yet , year after year we get spanked by Japanese car makers .
As we should .
I much rather drive a Honda then a Chevy .
Oh , and the Internet — that crazy series of tubes — the U.S. ranks # 15 worldwide .
Fifteen !
And well … just look how Britney turned out .
So , if we cannot stay current …or even competitive , how can our economy sustain us ?
We ’re like Sharon Stone baring it all for Basic Instinct 2 ( yes , I sat through it ! ) .
Sure , it was hot in the first one … but now it ’s just very very sad .
The thing about Obama ’s American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan is that it ’s not a bandaid – no quick fix .
In contrast to that $ 600 joke of a tax credit , or the myopic reasoning behind Drill Baby Drill , his plan extends beyond his Presidency .
He spoke of how millions of Americans are trying to find work all the while there is so much work to be done .
A big part of that is a nod to Green Jobs .
Of course efforts will be extended to education , health care and infrastructure .
At the front of the line was energy , and not just any kind of energy – Clean Energy !
We will double alternative energy sources like wind , solar and biofuels over the next three years .
We saw earlier this week that a House committee approved 20 - billion for the efforts .
Along with the increased sources of energy comes a Smart Grid .
Yeah !
But this is all moot if we do n’t balance innovation with conservation .
Luckily , it seems Obama ’s administration wants to do that too .
Tax payers will save $ 2 billion a year as 75 - percent of all federal buildings will become more energy efficient .
The plan also includes rebuilding and retrofitting America ’s infrastructure .
Mass transit will also get a makeover , providing Americans with new transportation options .
But here is the money shot , decisons about how the money is invested will all be public .
We will see how our goverment is spending our money at recovery.gov .
You can read a full transcript of the speech over at whitehouse.gov .
Now , that ’s change I can believe in .
“ To be the best ” is the main objective for everybody .
For football teams to be the best means to win trophies , to constantly participate into the best competitions .
The best competition in Europe is Champions League and undoubtedly the best teams in here are from Premier League , Primera Division and Serie A .
This three championships are the best ranked in Uefa Championhip standings for the last couple of years and probably the situation will be the same also in the future .
Of course the standings were changing every year and some of them have switched the positions .
Sometimes success can be bought but to stay on top is needed more than that .
Football has become an industry and this is seen especially in Premier League , where the investments increased a lot .
But despite all of this efforts the Champions League places are occupied all the time by Manchester United , Chelsea , Arsenal and Liverpool .
This is the best prove that for building a super - team besides money you need time , confidence and winning mentality .
In my view Premier League is the best Championship in the World but also a little predictable because of the difference between the top four teams and the rest .
The same thing can be said about Primera Division , where in my view only Barcelona and Real Madrid are the real candidates for the title .
Also in Champions League only Barcelona had notable performances in the last couple of years .
From Primera we should mention also Valencia and Sevilla which are also good teams .
Currently Barcelona is 12 points ahead Real Madrid and I think we can said that they are the new champions .
The last one but not necessary in this order is Serie A .
This seems to be the most balanced championship maybe because of “ Calciopoli scandal ” .
Even now there are 13 points between first place and eighth occupied by As Roma , a title contender at the beginning at the season .
From this point of view Serie A is definitely over Primera and Premier Division .
Comments
Keep the seat up or change it say urologists after increase in penis crush injuries
Doctors have expressed considerable concerns about the growing trend for heavy wooden and ornamental toilet seats after a number of male toddlers were admitted with crush injuries to their penises .
Writing in the December issue of BJU International , Dr Joe Philip and his colleagues at Leighton Hospital , Crewe , report on four boys under the age of four , who were admitted with injuries serious enough to require an overnight stay .
" As Christmas approaches many families will be visiting relatives and friends and their recently toilet trained toddlers will be keen to show how grown up they are by going to the toilet on their own " he says .
" It is important that parents check out the toilet seats in advance , not to mention the ones they have in their own homes , and accompany their children if necessary .
" A recent market research report has suggested that there has been a worldwide increase in the number of wooden and ceramic toilet seats sold .
We would not be surprised to hear that other colleagues have noticed an increase in penis crush injuries as a result of this . "
The four boys , aged from two to four , all attended as urological emergencies .
All had been recently toilet trained and they were using the toilet on their own .
They had lifted the toilet seats , which had then fallen back down , crushing their penises .
Three had a build up of fluid in their foreskin , but were still able to pass urine , and the fourth had glanular tenderness .
Luckily there were no urethal injuries or bleeding and the symptoms settled down with pain relief .
All the children were able to go home the next day .
The authors have come up with four key recommendations :
1. Parents should consider fitting toilet seats that fall slowly and with reduced momentum , markedly reducing the risk and degree of injury .
2 . Heavier toilet seats could be banned in houses with male infants .
3 . Households with male infants should consider leaving the toilet seat up after use , even though it contradicts the social norm of putting it down .
4. Parents could educate their toddlers to hold the toilet seat up with one hand when they pass urine and keep an eye on them until they are confident that they are able to do it unsupervised .
" As any parent knows , toilet training can be a difficult time with any toddler " concludes Dr Philip .
" We are concerned that the growing trend of heavy toilet seats poses a risk not only to their health , but to their confidence . "
###
For further information and copies of the letter please contact
Annette Whibley , Wizard Communications
+44(0) 121 705 3575 / +44(0)7941 465757
wizard.media@virgin.net
Notes to editors
Public interest warning : should we ban wooden / ornamental toilet seats for male infants Philip et al.
BJU International .
102 , p 1749 . ( December 2008 ) .
Established in 1929 , BJU International is published 23 times a year by Wiley - Blackwell and edited by Professor John Fitzpatrick from Mater Misericordiae University Hospital and University College Dublin , Ireland .
It provides its international readership with invaluable practical information on all aspects of urology , including original and investigative articles and illustrated surgery .
www.bjui.org
What 's happening with gold should be no real surprise .
Although I have stated many times that gold is money and gold should do well in deflation , and we are in deflation ( see The Future Is Frugality and Implications of the Slowing Global Eonomy for the deflation case ) , in the initial stages of deflation , leverage in everything is reduced by force .
There are thousands of hedge funds , pension plans , and individuals over - leveraged in a massive bet against the US dollar and US assets in general .
Many themes of the past 7 years are now being unwound .
And one would expect leverage to be forced out in deflation as credit simply dries up .
I call this the great unwind .
The Great Unwind
Short US Dollar - Long Commodities
Short US Dollar - Long Foreign Equities
Short Financials - Long Gold
Short US Equities - Long Foreign Equities
Gold and Silver Seasonality
Euro vs. Dollar Weekly
Manipulation Theories Debunked
Commodity Supercycle Intact
Gold Manipulation ?
Great Unwind
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Israel 's decision to take military action against Hamas rocket attacks targeting its civilian population has been long in coming .
I vividly recall a visit my wife and I took to the Israeli city of Sderot on March 20 of this year .
Over the past four years , Palestinian terrorists – in particular , Hamas and Islamic Jihad – have fired more than 2,000 rockets at this civilian area , which is home to mostly poor and working - class people .
The rockets are designed exclusively to maximize civilian deaths , and some have barely missed schoolyards , kindergartens , hospitals , and school buses .
But others hit their targets , killing more than a dozen civilians since 2001 , including in February 2008 a father of four who had been studying at the local university .
These anticivilian rockets have also injured and traumatized countless children .
The residents of Sderot were demanding that their nation take action to protect them .
But Israel 's postoccupation military options were limited , since Hamas deliberately fires its deadly rockets from densely populated urban areas , and the Israeli army has a strict policy of trying to avoid civilian casualties .
The firing of rockets at civilians from densely populated civilian areas is the newest tactic in the war between terrorists who love death and democracies that love life .
The terrorists have learned how to exploit the morality of democracies against those who do not want to kill civilians , even enemy civilians .
The attacks on Israeli citizens have little to do with what Israel does or does not do .
They have everything to do with an ideology that despises – and openly seeks to destroy – the Jewish state .
Consider that rocket attacks increased substantially after Israel disengaged from Gaza in 2005 , and they accelerated further after Hamas seized control last year .
In the past months , a shaky cease - fire , organized by Egypt , was in effect .
Hamas agreed to stop the rockets and Israel agreed to stop taking military action against Hamas terrorists in the Gaza Strip .
The cease - fire itself was morally dubious and legally asymmetrical .
Israel , in effect , was saying to Hamas :
If you stop engaging in the war crime of targeting our innocent civilians , we will stop engaging in the entirely lawful military acts of targeting your terrorists .
Under the cease - fire , Israel reserved the right to engage in self - defense actions such as attacking terrorists who were in the course of firing rockets at its civilians .
Just before the hostilities began , Israel reopened a checkpoint to allow humanitarian aid to reenter Gaza .
It had closed the point of entry after it had been targeted by Gazan rockets .
Israel 's prime minister , Ehud Olmert , also issued a stern , final warning to Hamas that unless it stopped the rockets , there would be a full - scale military response .
The Hamas rockets continued and Israel kept its word , implementing a carefully prepared targeted air attack against Hamas targets .
On Sunday , I spoke to the air force general , now retired , who worked on the planning of the attack .
He told me of the intelligence and planning that had gone into preparing for the contingency that the military option might become necessary .
The Israeli air force had pinpointed with precision the exact locations of Hamas structures in an effort to minimize civilian casualties .
Even Hamas sources have acknowledged that the vast majority of those killed have been Hamas terrorists , though some civilian casualties are inevitable when , as BBC 's Rushdi Abou Alouf – who is certainly not pro-Israel – reported , " The Hamas security compounds are in the middle of the city . "
Indeed , his home balcony was just 20 meters away from a compound he saw bombed .
There have been three types of international response to the Israeli military actions against the Hamas rockets .
Not surprisingly , Iran , Hamas , and other knee - jerk Israeli - bashers have argued that the Hamas rocket attacks against Israeli civilians are entirely legitimate and that the Israeli counterattacks are war crimes .
Equally unsurprising is the response of the United Nations , the European Union , Russia , and others who , at least when it comes to Israel , see a moral and legal equivalence between terrorists who target civilians and a democracy that responds by targeting the terrorists .
And finally , there is the United States and a few other nations that place the blame squarely on Hamas for its unlawful and immoral policy of using its own civilians as human shields , behind whom they fire rockets at Israeli civilians .
The most dangerous of the three responses is not the Iranian - Hamas absurdity , which is largely ignored by thinking and moral people , but the United Nations and European Union response , which equates the willful murder of civilians with legitimate self - defense pursuant to Article 51 of the United Nations Charter .
This false moral equivalence only encourages terrorists to persist in their unlawful actions against civilians .
The US has it exactly right by placing the blame on Hamas , while urging Israel to do everything possible to minimize civilian casualties .
• Alan M. Dershowitz is the Felix Frankfurter professor of law at Harvard Law School .
His latest book is " The Case Against Israel 's Enemies : Exposing Jimmy Carter and Others Who Stand in the Way of Peace . "
When covering the vital Functor and Monad type classes , we glossed over a third type class : Applicative , the class for applicative functors .
Like monads , applicative functors are functors with extra laws and operations ; in fact , Applicative is an intermediate class between Functor and Monad .
Applicative is a widely used class with a wealth of applications .
It enables the eponymous applicative style , a convenient way of structuring functorial computations , and also provides means to express a number of important patterns .
Functor recap [ edit ]
We will begin with a quick review of the Functor class chapter .
Functor is characterised by the fmap function :
class Functor f where fmap :: ( a -> b ) -> f a -> f b
If a type is an instance of Functor , you can use fmap to apply a function to values in it .
Another way of describing fmap is saying that it promotes functions to act on functorial values .
To ensure fmap works sanely , any instance of Functor must comply with the following two laws :
fmap id = id -- 1st functor law fmap ( g . f ) = fmap g . fmap f -- 2nd functor law
Maybe , for example , has a Functor instance , and so we can easily modify the value inside it ...
Prelude > fmap negate ( Just 2 ) Just ( - 2 )
... as long as it exists , of course .
Prelude > fmap negate Nothing Nothing
fmap has an infix synonym , ( <$ > ) .
It often helps readability , and also suggests how fmap can be seen as a different kind of function application .
Prelude > negate <$> Just 2 Just ( - 2 )
Exercises Define instances of Functor for the following types : A rose tree , defined as : data Tree a = Node a [ Tree a ]
Either e for a fixed e .
The function type ( (-> ) r ) .
In this case , f a will be ( r -> a )
Application in functors [ edit ]
As useful as it is , fmap is n't much help if we want to apply a function of two arguments to functorial values .
For instance , how could we sum Just 2 and Just 3 ?
The brute force approach would be extracting the values from the Maybe wrapper .
That , however , would mean having to do tedious checks for Nothing .
Even worse : in a different Functor extracting the value might not even be an option ( just think about IO ) .
We could use fmap to partially apply (+ ) to the first argument :
Prelude > : t ( + ) <$> Just 2 ( + ) <$> Just 2 :: Num a =>
Maybe ( a -> a )
But now we are stuck : we have a function and a value both wrapped in Maybe , and no way of applying one to the other .
The closest we can get to the desired Just 5 is probably this :
Prelude > ( <$> Just 3 ) < $ > (( + ) <$> Just 2 ) Just ( Just 5 )
( note that (+ ) < $>
Just 2 is Just ( 2+ ) ) .
What we would like to have is an operator with a type akin to f ( a -> b ) -> f a -> f b to apply functions in the context of a functor .
If that operator was called ( <*> ) , we would be able to write :
( + ) <$> Just 2 <*> Just 3
Lo and behold - that works !
Prelude > ( + ) <$> Just 2 <*> Just 3 Just 5
The type of ( <*> ) is :
Prelude > : t ( <*> ) ( <*> ) :: Applicative f => f ( a -> b ) -> f a -> f b
(<*> ) is one of the methods of Applicative , the type class of applicative functors - functors that support function application within their contexts .
Expressions such as (+ ) <$> Just 2 <*>
Just 3 are said to be written in applicative style , which is as close as we can get to regular function application while working with a functor .
If you pretend for a moment the ( <$ > ) , ( <*>) and Just are n't there , our example looks just like (+ ) 2 3 .
The Applicative class [ edit ]
The definition of Applicative is :
class ( Functor f ) =>
Applicative f where pure :: a -> f a ( <*> ) :: f ( a -> b ) -> f a -> f b
Beyond ( <*> ) , the class has a second method , pure , which brings arbitrary values into the functor .
As an example , let 's have a look at the Maybe instance :
instance Applicative Maybe where pure = Just ( Just f ) <*> ( Just x ) = Just ( f x ) _ <*> _ = Nothing
It does n't do anything surprising : pure wraps the value with Just ; ( <*>) applies the function to the value if both exist , and results in Nothing otherwise .
Applicative functor laws [ edit ]
Note
For the lack of a better shorthand , in what follows we will use the jargony word morphism to refer to the values to the left of ( <*> ) , which fit the type Applicative f => f ( a -> b ) ; that is , the function - like things inserted into an applicative functor .
" Morphism " is a term which comes from category theory and which has a much wider meaning , but that need n't concern us now .
Just like Functor , Applicative has a set of laws which reasonable instances should follow .
They are :
pure id <*> v = v --
Identity pure f <*> pure x = pure ( f x ) -- Homomorphism u <*> pure y = pure ( $ y ) <*> u --
Interchange pure ( . ) <*> u <*> v <*> w = u <*> ( v <*> w ) -- Composition
Those laws are a bit of a mouthful .
They become easier to understand if you think of pure as a way to inject values into the functor in a default , featureless way , so that the result is as close as possible to the plain value .
Thus :
The identity law says that applying the pure id morphism does nothing , exactly like with the plain id function .
morphism does nothing , exactly like with the plain function .
The homomorphism law says that applying a " pure " function to a " pure " value is the same as applying the function to the value in the normal way and then using pure on the result .
In a sense , that means pure preserves function application .
on the result .
In a sense , that means preserves function application .
The interchange law says that applying a morphism to a " pure " value pure y is the same as applying pure ( $ y ) to the morphism .
No surprises there - as we have seen in the higher order functions chapter , ( $ y ) is the function that supplies y as an argument to another function .
is the same as applying to the morphism .
No surprises there - as we have seen in the higher order functions chapter , is the function that supplies as an argument to another function .
The composition law says that pure (. ) composes morphisms similarly to how (. ) composes functions : applying the composed morphism pure (. ) <*> u <*> v to w gives the same result as applying u to the result of applying v to w . [ 1 ]
There is also a bonus law about the relation between fmap and ( <*> ) :
fmap f x = pure f <*> x -- fmap
Applying a " pure " function with ( <*> ) is equivalent to using fmap .
This law is a consequence of the other ones , so you need not bother with proving it when writing instances of Applicative .
Exercises Check that the Applicative laws hold for this instance for Maybe Write Applicative instances for
a. Either e , for a fixed e
b. ((->) r ) , for a fixed r
Déjà vu [ edit ]
Does pure remind you of anything ?
pure :: Applicative f => a -> f a
The only difference between that and ...
return :: Monad m => a -> m a
... is the class constraint .
pure and return serve the same purpose ; that is , bringing values into functors .
The uncanny resemblances do not stop here .
Back in the chapter about State we mentioned a function called ap ...
ap :: ( Monad m ) => m ( a -> b ) -> m a -> m b
... which could be used to make functions with many arguments less painful to handle in monadic code :
allTypes :: GeneratorState ( Int , Float , Char , Integer , Double , Bool , Int ) all Types = liftM ( , , , , , , ) get Random ` ap ` getRandom ` ap ` getRandom ` ap ` getRandom ` ap ` getRandom ` ap ` getRandom ` ap ` getRandom
ap looks a lot like ( <*> ) .
Those , of course , are not coincidences .
Monad inherits from Applicative ...
Prelude > : info Monad class Applicative m =>
Monad ( m :: * -> * ) where -- etc .
... because return and ( >>= ) are enough to implement pure and ( <* > ) [ 2 ] .
pure = return ( <*> ) = ap ap u v = do f <- u x <- v return ( f x )
Several other monadic functions have more general applicative versions .
Here are a few of them :
Monadic Applicative Module
( where to find the applicative version ) ( >>) (*>) Prelude ( GHC 7.10 + ) ; Control .
Applicative lift M2 lift A2 Control .
Applicative mapM traverse Prelude ( GHC 7.10 + ) ; Data .
Traversable sequence sequenceA Data .
Traversable forM_ for_ Data .
Foldable
Exercises Write a definition of ( <*>) using ( >>= ) and fmap .
Do not use do - notation .
Implement
liftA5 :: Applicative f => ( a -> b -> c -> d -> e -> k)
-> f a -> f b -> f c -> f d -> f e -> f k
ZipList [ edit ]
Lists are applicative functors as well .
Specialised to lists , the type of ( <*>) becomes ...
[ a -> b ] -> [ a ] -> [ b ]
... and so ( <*>) applies a list of functions to another list .
But exactly how is that done ?
The standard instance of Applicative for lists , which follows from the Monad instance , applies every function to every element , like an explosive version of map .
Prelude > [( 2 * ) , ( 5 * ) , ( 9 * ) ]
<*> [ 1 , 4 , 7 ] [ 2 , 8 , 14 , 5 , 20 , 35 , 9 , 36 , 63 ]
Interestingly , there is another reasonable way of applying a list of functions .
Instead of using every combination of functions and values , we can match each function with the value in the corresponding position in the other list .
A Prelude function which can be used for that is zipWith :
Prelude > : t zipWith zipWith :: ( a -> b -> c ) -> [ a ] -> [ b ] -> [ c ]
Prelude > zipWith ( $ ) [ ( 2 * ) , ( 5 * ) , ( 9 * ) ] [ 1 , 4 , 7 ] [ 2 , 20 , 63 ]
When there are two useful possible instances for a single type , the dilemma is averted by creating a newtype which implements one of them .
In this case , we have ZipList , which lives in Control .
Applicative :
newtype ZipList a = ZipList { getZipList :: [ a ] }
We have already seen what <*> should be for zip - lists ; all that is needed is to add the newtype wrappers :
instance Applicative ZipList where ( ZipList fs ) <*> ( ZipList xs ) = ZipList ( zipWith ( $ ) fs xs ) pure x = undefined -- TODO
As for pure , it is tempting to use pure x = ZipList [ x ] , following the standard list instance .
We can't do that , however , as it violates the applicative laws .
According to the identity law :
pure id <*> v = v
Substituting ( <*>) and the suggested pure , we get :
ZipList [ id ]
<*>
ZipList xs = ZipList xs ZipList ( zipWith ( $ ) [ id ] xs ) = ZipList xs
Now , suppose xs is the infinite list [ 1.. ] :
ZipList ( zipWith ( $ ) [ id ] [ 1 .. ] ) = ZipList [ 1 .. ]
ZipList [ 1 ] = ZipList [ 1 .. ] [ 1 ] = [ 1 .. ] --
Obviously false !
The problem is that zipWith produces lists whose length is that of the shortest list passed as argument , and so ( ZipList [ id ] <*>) will cut off all elements of the other zip - list after the first .
The only way to ensure zipWith ( $ ) fs never removes elements is making fs infinite .
The correct pure follows from that :
instance Applicative ZipList where ( ZipList fs ) <*> ( ZipList xs ) = ZipList ( zipWith ( $ ) fs xs ) pure x = ZipList ( repeat x )
The ZipList applicative instance offers an alternative to all the zipN and zipWithN functions in Data .
List which can be extended to any number of arguments :
>>> import Control .
Applicative >>> ZipList [( 2 * ) , ( 5 * ) , ( 9 * ) ]
<*> ZipList [ 1 , 4 , 7 ] ZipList { getZipList = [ 2 , 20 , 63 ] } >>> ( , , ) <$> ZipList [ 1 , 4 , 9 ] <*> ZipList [ 2 , 8 , 1 ] <*> ZipList [ 0 , 0 , 9 ] ZipList { getZipList = [( 1 , 2 , 0 ) , ( 4 , 8 , 0 ) , ( 9 , 1 , 9 ) ] } >>> liftA3 ( , , ) ( ZipList [ 1 , 4 , 9 ] ) ( ZipList [ 2 , 8 , 1 ] ) ( ZipList [ 0 , 0 , 9 ] ) ZipList { getZipList = [( 1 , 2 , 0 ) , ( 4 , 8 , 0 ) , ( 9 , 1 , 9 ) ] }
Sequencing of effects [ edit ]
As we have just seen , the standard Applicative instance for lists applies every function in one list to every element of the other .
That , however , does not specify ( <*>) unambiguously .
To see why , try to guess what is the result of [ ( 2 * ) , ( 3* ) ] <*>[ 4,5 ] without looking at the example above or the answer just below .
Prelude > [( 2 * ) , ( 3 * ) ]
<*> [ 4 , 5 ] --- ... [ 8 , 10 , 12 , 15 ]
Unless you were paying very close attention or had already analysed the implementation of ( <*> ) , the odds of getting it right were about even .
The other possibility would be [ 8,12,10,15 ] .
The difference is that for the first ( and correct ) answer the result is obtained by taking the skeleton of the first list and replacing each element by all possible combinations with elements of the second list , while for the other possibility the starting point is the second list .
In more general terms , the difference between is one of sequencing of effects .
Here , by effects we mean the functorial context , as opposed to the values within the functor ( some examples : the skeleton of a list , actions performed in the real world in IO , the existence of a value in Maybe ) .
The existence of two legal implementations of ( <*> ) for lists which only differ in the sequencing of effects indicates that [ ] is a non-commutative applicative functor .
A commutative applicative functor , by contrast , leaves no margin for ambiguity in that respect .
More formally , a commutative applicative functor is one for which the following holds :
lift A2 f u v = lift A2 ( flip f ) v u -- Commutativity
Or , equivalently ,
f <$> u <*> v = flip f < $> v <*> u
By the way , if you hear about commutative monads in Haskell , the concept involved is the same , only specialised to Monad .
Commutativity ( or the lack thereof ) affects other functions which are derived from ( <*> ) as well . ( *> ) is a clear example :
( *> ) :: Applicative f => f a -> f b -> f b
(*>) combines effects while preserving only the values of its second argument .
For monads , it is equivalent to ( >> ) .
Here is a demonstration of it using Maybe , which is commutative :
Prelude > Just 2 *> Just 3 Just 3 Prelude > Just 3 *> Just 2 Just 2 Prelude > Just 2 *> Nothing Nothing Prelude > Nothing *> Just 2 Nothing
Swapping the arguments does not affect the effects ( that is , the being and nothingness of wrapped values ) .
For IO , however , swapping the arguments does reorder the effects :
Prelude > ( print " foo " *> pure 2 ) *> ( print " bar " *> pure 3 ) " foo " " bar " 3 Prelude > ( print " bar " *> pure 3 ) *> ( print " foo " *> pure 2 ) " bar " " foo " 2
The convention in Haskell is to always implement ( <*> ) and other applicative operators using left - to - right sequencing .
Even though this convention helps reducing confusion , it also means appearances sometimes are misleading .
For instance , the ( <* ) function is not flip ( *> ) , as it sequences effects from left to right just like (*>) :
Prelude > ( print " foo " *> pure 2 ) <* ( print " bar " *> pure 3 ) " foo " " bar " 2
For the same reason , ( <**>) :: Applicative f => f a -> f ( a -> b ) -> f b from Control .
Applicative is not flip ( <*> ) .
That means it provides a way of inverting the sequencing :
>>> [( 2 * ) , ( 3 * ) ]
<*> [ 4 , 5 ] [ 8 , 10 , 12 , 15 ] >>> [ 4 , 5 ] <**> [( 2 * ) , ( 3 * ) ] [ 8 , 12 , 10 , 15 ]
An alternative is the Control .
Applicative .
Backwards module from transformers , which offers a newtype for flipping the order of effects :
newtype Backwards f a = Backwards { forwards :: f a }
>>> Backwards [( 2 * ) , ( 3 * ) ]
<*>
Backwards [ 4 , 5 ] Backwards [ 8 , 12 , 10 , 15 ]
Exercises
For the list functor , implement from scratch ( that is , without using anything from Applicative or Monad directly ) both ( <*> ) and its version with the " wrong " sequencing of effects ,
(< |*| > ) :: Applicative f => f ( a -> b ) -> f a -> f b Rewrite the definition of commutativity for a Monad using do - notation instead of ap or lift M2 .
Are the following applicative functors commutative ?
a. ZipList
b. ((->) r)
c. State s ( Use the newtype definition from the State chapter .
Hint :
You may find the answer to exercise 2 of this block useful . )
What is the result of [ 2,7,8 ] *> [ 3,9 ] ?
( Try to guess without writing . )
Implement ( <**>) in terms of other Applicative functions .
As we have just seen , some functors allow two legal implementations of ( <*>) which are only different in the sequencing of effects .
Why there is not an analogous issue involving ( >>= ) ?
A sliding scale of power [ edit ]
Functor , Applicative , Monad .
Three closely related functor type classes ; three of the most important classes in Haskell .
Though we have seen many examples of Functor and Monad in use , and a few of Applicative , we have not compared them head to head yet .
If we ignore pure / return for a moment , the characteristic methods of the three classes are :
fmap :: Functor f => ( a -> b ) -> f a -> f b ( <*> ) :: Applicative f => f ( a -> b ) -> f a -> f b ( >>= ) :: Monad m => m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b
While those types look disparate , we can change the picture with a few cosmetic adjustments .
Let 's replace fmap by its infix synonym , ( <$ > ) ; ( >>= ) by its flipped version , ( =<<) ; and tidy up the signatures a bit :
( <$> ) :: Functor t => ( a -> b ) -> ( t a -> t b ) ( <*> ) :: Applicative t => t ( a -> b ) -> ( t a -> t b ) ( =<< ) :: Monad t => ( a -> t b ) -> ( t a -> t b )
Suddenly , the similarities are striking .
fmap , ( <*>) and ( = << ) are all mapping functions over Functor s [ 3 ] .
The differences between them are in what is being mapped over in each case :
fmap maps arbitrary functions over functors .
maps arbitrary functions over functors . ( <*>) maps t ( a -> b ) morphisms over ( applicative ) functors .
maps morphisms over ( applicative ) functors . ( = <<) maps a -> t b functions over ( monadic ) functors .
The day - to - day differences in uses of Functor , Applicative and Monad follow from what the types of those three mapping functions allow you to do .
As you move from fmap to ( <*> ) and then to ( >>= ) , you gain in power , versatility and control , at the cost of guarantees about the results .
We will now slide along this scale .
While doing so , we will use the contrasting terms values and context to refer to plain values within a functor and to whatever surrounds them , respectively .
The type of fmap ensures that it is impossible to use it to change the context , no matter which function it is given .
In ( a -> b ) -> t a -> t b , the ( a -> b ) function has nothing to do with the t context of the t a functorial value , and so applying it cannot affect the context .
For that reason , if you do fmap f xs on some list xs the number of elements of the list will never change .
Prelude > fmap ( 2 * ) [ 2 , 5 , 6 ] [ 4 , 10 , 12 ]
That can be taken as a safety guarantee or as an unfortunate restriction , depending on what you intend .
In any case , ( <*> ) is clearly able to change the context :
Prelude > [( 2 * ) , ( 3 * ) ]
<*> [ 2 , 5 , 6 ] [ 4 , 10 , 12 , 6 , 15 , 18 ]
The t ( a -> b ) morphism carries a context of its own , which is combined with that of the t a functorial value . ( <*> ) , however , is subject to a more subtle restriction .
While t ( a -> b ) morphisms carry context , within them there are plain ( a -> b ) , which are still unable to modify the context .
That means the changes to the context ( <*>) performs are fully determined by the context of its arguments , and the values have no influence over the resulting context .
Prelude > ( print " foo " *> pure ( 2 * ) ) <*> ( print " bar " *> pure 3 ) " foo " " bar " 6 Prelude > ( print " foo " *> pure 2 ) *> ( print " bar " *> pure 3 ) " foo " " bar " 3 Prelude > ( print " foo " *> pure undefined ) *> ( print " bar " *> pure 3 ) " foo " " bar " 3
Thus with list ( <*>) you know that the length of the resulting list will be the product of the lengths of the original lists , with IO ( <*>) you know that all real - world effects will happen as long as the evaluation terminates , and so forth .
With Monad , however , we are in a very different game .
( >>= ) takes a a -> t b function , and so it is able to create context from values .
That means a lot of flexibility :
Prelude > [ 1 , 2 , 5 ] >>= \ x -> replicate x x [ 1 , 2 , 2 , 5 , 5 , 5 , 5 , 5 ] Prelude > [ 0 , 0 , 0 ] >>= \ x -> replicate x x [ ]
Prelude > return 3 >>= \ x -> print $ if x < 10 then " Too small " else " OK " " Too small " Prelude > return 42 >>= \ x -> print $ if x < 10 then " Too small " else " OK " " OK "
Taking advantage of the extra flexibility , however , might mean having fewer guarantees about , for instance , whether your functions are able to unexpectedly erase parts of a data structure for pathological inputs , or whether the control flow in your application remains intelligible .
In some situations there might be performance implications as well , as the complex data dependencies monadic code makes possible might prevent useful refactorings and optimisations .
All in all , it is a good idea to only use as much power as needed for the task at hand .
If you do need the extra capabilities of Monad , go right ahead ; however , it is often worth it to check whether Applicative or Functor are sufficient .
Exercises
The next few exercises concern the following tree data structure :
data AT a = L a | B ( AT a ) ( AT a )
Write Functor , Applicative and Monad instances for AT .
Do not use shortcuts such as pure = return .
The Applicative and Monad instances should match ; in particular , ( <*>) should be equivalent to ap , which follows from the Monad instance .
Implement the following functions , using either the Applicative instance , the Monad one or neither of them , if neither is enough to provide a solution .
Between Applicative and Monad , choose the least powerful one which is still good enough for the task .
Justify your choice for each case in a few words .
a. fructify :: AT a ->
AT a , which grows the tree by replacing each leaf L with a branch B containing two copies of the leaf .
b. prune :: a -> ( a -> Bool ) -> AT a ->
AT a , with prune z p t replacing a branch of t with a leaf carrying the default value z whenever any of the leaves directly on it satisfies the test p .
c. reproduce :: ( a -> b ) -> ( a -> b ) -> AT a ->
AT b , with reproduce f g t resulting in a new tree with two modified copies of t on the root branch .
The left copy is obtained by applying f to the values in t , and the same goes for g and the right copy .
There is another legal instance of Applicative for AT ( the reversed sequencing version of the original one does n't count ) .
Write it .
Hint : this other instance can be used to implement
sagittalMap :: ( a -> b ) -> ( a -> b ) -> AT a -> AT b
which , when given a branch , maps one function over the left child tree and the other over the right child tree .
( In case you are wondering , " AT " stands for " apple tree " .
Botanist readers , please forgive the weak metaphors . )
The monoidal presentation [ edit ]
Back in Understanding monads , we saw how the Monad class can be specified using either ( >= > ) or join instead of ( >>= ) .
In a similar way , Applicative also has an alternative presentation , which might be implemented through the following type class :
class Functor f =>
Monoidal f where unit :: f () ( * &* ) :: f a -> f b -> f ( a , b )
There are deep theoretical reasons behind the name " monoidal " [ 4 ] .
In any case , we can informally say that it does look a lot like a monoid : unit provides a default functorial value whose context wraps nothing of interest , and ( *&*) combines functorial values by pairing values and combining effects .
The Monoidal formulation provides a clearer view of how Applicative manipulates functorial contexts .
Naturally , unit and ( *&* ) can be used to define pure and ( <*> ) , and vice - versa .
The Applicative laws are equivalent to the following set of laws , stated in terms of Monoidal :
fmap snd $ unit *&* v = v --
Left identity fmap fst $ u *&* unit = u --
Right identity fmap asl $ u *&* ( v *&* w ) = ( u *&* v ) *&* w -- Associativity -- asl ( x , ( y , z ) ) = ( ( x , y ) , z )
The functions to the left of the ( $ ) are just boilerplate to convert between equivalent types , such as b and ( ( ) , b ) .
If you ignore them , the laws are a lot less opaque than in the usual Applicative formulation .
By the way , just like for Applicative there is a bonus law , which is guaranteed to hold in Haskell :
fmap ( g *** h ) ( u *&* v ) = fmap g u *&* fmap h v -- Naturality -- g *** h = \( x , y ) -> ( g x , h y )
Exercises Write implementations for unit and ( *&* ) in terms of pure and ( <*> ) , and vice - versa .
Formulate the law of commutative applicative functors ( see the Sequencing of effects section ) in terms of the Monoidal methods .
Write from scratch Monoidal instances for :
a. ZipList
b. ((->) r)
