Just few minutes ago , a newer beta release of PyS60 was released .
This is the 8th dot release in the 1.9.x series to obtain community feedback for the graduating PyS60 2.0 release .
The new additions to the 1.9.7 release are as follows ,
Touch support added for GLCanvas UI Control .
Directional pad is displayed by default on touch enabled devices .
A sample application – gles_touch_demo.py is added to ScriptShell which demonstrates the functionality .
Two new APIs are added to canvas – begin_redraw and end_redraw .
These can be used to instruct the window server to enable redraw drawing on the canvas UI control .
Please refer the documentation ( Section 3.1.10 ) for more details .
The multi-selection listbox has been modified such that the dialog for the option ‘ checkmark ’ now has ‘ Options ’ and ‘ Back ’ as its left and right
softkeys respectively .
The ‘ Options ’ has Mark / Unmark entry that can be used to select and de-select respectively .
The ‘ Back ’ softkey returns the
current state of the listbox based on the selected items .
4 - way directional pad support in landscape mode
Different flavors of Scriptshell application can coexist on the device .
To add to the list , the sample Scribble application has the following improvements ,
Performance improvement by using API ’s begin_redraw and end_redraw .
The drawing area is retained between landscape and portrait modes as the toolbar shifts to accommodate for this change .
Pen width can be selected from a list of predefined values .
And yes , the PyS60 documentation can now be accessed online at http://pys60.garage.maemo.org/doc/
Related posts :
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
Welcome to Dumpsville .
Population : You .
MTV , among various sources , is reporting that Dallas Cowboy quarterback / pretty boy Tony Romo has dumped girlfriend / airhead / future Goodyear blimp Jessica Simpson .
The timing apparently could n’t have been better , as the guillotine dropped on the relationship last Thursday , the eve of Simpson ’s 29th birthday .
And it totally ruined the Barbie and Ken - themed party Jessica had planned .
Although because Romo is a eunuch like Ken , it might have been apropos to continue with the party anyway .
Here are Gunaxin ’s Top Ten reasons for the split :
10 . Romo got tired of the package deal of dating Jessica and her creepy , face of sheer evil dad .
He did n’t sign - up for that crap !
9. Nick Lachey decided he needed to be relevant again .
Start the reunion rumors .
8. Simpson needed to add relationships to her résumé of failures , which already includes movies and music ( you know , because you do n’t own her songs and do n’t watch her movies , although I ’m waiting with bated breath for that Steve Guttenberg project ) .
7. Tony Romo finally came to his senses after realizing Simpson was deficient in common sense , vapid , obsessive with drugs and booze , and cost too much .
Besides , no one wants to be related to Pete Wentz .
6. Simpson could n’t keep up with Romo ’s slutting around like a pseud - star .
5 . The entire relationship , much like Romo ’s career , started off great but faded quickly .
4 . The lesson here ?
When you ’re a no - talent shell of a celebrity with absolutely nothing going for you aside from your kicking body , do n’t lose that body .
Otherwise people like Tony Romo will hit - it and quit - it .
Even Obama ’s piling on :
3 . Tired of being sacked again and again , Romo took it upon himself to avoid it this time .
Though he still intends to spend next year on the Injured Reserve with a “ Broken Heart ” .
2 . It was getting weird as Romo began to be known as the pretty one .
When you ’re young , rich , good looking , and the starting quarterback for America ’s team , you should n’t have to date fat chicks .
1. Romo is n’t very good at getting birthday gifts .
They ’re hard .
Guess the present he wanted to give most was himself out of the relationship .
HEY LOOK IT ’S A NEW TAKE ON AN OLD JOKE .
HERE ’S ANOTHER :
Knock knock !
Who ’s there !
THAT’S IT
Dead Shark Washes Up on Suburban NY Beach A 1 ton shark has washed ashore on a frequented Long Island , NY beach .
July 14 , 2009  -- A 20 - foot - long basking shark that appears to have died from some kind of illness has washed ashore on a Long Island beach .
New York State Parks official George Gorman said Tuesday that researchers will examine the shark to determine a cause of death .
After that , it will be buried in nearby sand dunes on the beach .
The basking shark , which are a common sight in the waters off Long Island , washed ashore on a town beach a few miles east of Jones Beach .
Basking sharks are not considered dangerous .
They eat plankton .
Tracy Marcus of Cornell Cooperative Extension says the shark weighs about a ton .
She says it is unusual for an ailing basking shark to come ashore .
Usually they die in the ocean .
Register Here !
Please enter your correct email id .
Password to log into the site will be sent to the email id entered .
( Verification Code will be sent on the mobile number entered .
Winners will be contacted on their mobile numbers . )
The Spitzer Space Telescope has detected signs of an interplanetary smashup , and oh , what a colossal event it was ... apparently , 100 light years away around the young star HD 172555 , an object the size of the Moon slammed into a planet the size of Mercury !
First , the way cool animation they created portraying the event : Whoa .
So how did they figure this out ?
Astronomers used Spitzer to take infrared spectra of HD172555 , a young star only a few million years old .
By breaking up the light into a spectrum , you can determine what elements and molecules are in the light 's source ( I 've written about this sort of thing before ) .
When astronomer Carey Lisse looked at the spectrum from the star , he got a shock : it was a mess .
His team finally figured out what they were seeing : amorphous silica , and lots of it .
In other words , glass .
Glass ?
From a star ?
The most likely explanation is that the glass is in the form of tektites , which are blobs of glassy material that form when something big hits something else big .
The silica gets fused into glass .
But that means that there was a pretty big impact that must have happened at that star , and that in turn means that two planet - sized objects must have had a very bad day .
This was supported by the detection of other chemicals consistent with the aftermath of a massive collision .
The best fit to the data suggest that one object was planet - sized and the other Moon - sized , meaning the collision would have been at very high speed -- several kilometers per second -- and launched an unimaginable amount of material into space .
Furthermore , it could n't have happened too long ago , or else the material would have dissipated and would n't have been seen .
It looks like this was a recent event , then , occurring maybe only a few thousand years ago !
And there 's another thing that I find personally very cool .
Remember , HD 172555 is only 100 light years away .
That is extremely close on a galactic scale ( our galaxy is 100,000 light years across , so this star is our next door neighbor ) .
It seems incredibly unlikely that this is a rare event in the galaxy , since this happened so close by and so recently .
It 's far more likely that it happens all the time in young solar systems , which means it happened to us , too .
Well , a long time ago , like 4 billion years ago when planet - sized objects were more common and still forming in our solar system .
But it lends credence to the idea that planetary - scale collisions do happen .
We know this already , of course , because we 're pretty sure the Moon formed when a Mars - sized object smacked into us over 4 billion years ago , and we see evidence of vast impacts on other bodies in the solar system as well .
But to see evidence of it around another star , with different conditions , means this sort of thing is common , and is an inevitable step in the process of solar system formation .
The Universe is a violent place , but every day it looks more likely that violence is necessary for us to be here at all .
I 'm not sure there 's a lesson in there worth extrapolating , but it 's certainly an interesting thing to be reminded of .
P.S. The animation above is cool , but not a perfect representation of what happened .
For example , the shock wave ring travels around the planet as shown , but when the ring converges on the point opposite the collision point , there would be a huge explosion and a vast plume of material launched into space .
No one ever puts that in their animations , and I think it would be very cool !
I need to get people who create physics - based simulations to make one that 's accurate , so it can be used in situations like this .
HTC
Hero new ROM gets video demo
Do n’t ask how , and do n’t ask from where ( though we ’re guessing HTC , frankly ) , but MoDaCo ’s Paul has managed to acquire the upcoming firmware update for the HTC Hero and installed it on his test device .
As we hoped , his feedback is that it speeds the smartphone up no end , with menus far quicker to respond and panning between homescreen pages more smooth .
Video demo after the cut
The only other really noticable change from the original ROM is that you now get Java on the Hero , as you can see in the screenshot above .
Otherwise there are a few bugfixes but it ’s the speed that ’s the headline feature here .
Paul says he thinks the ROM “ takes the [ Hero ] to the next level ” , and considering we called it the best Android device so far that ’s a pretty impressive level indeed .
Our only point of concern is timing for its release : HTC told us it would arrive “ in the coming weeks ” , but Paul seems to have been told “ a couple of months ” .
The Twilight Zone is a place that exists at any moment of time , of space or of mind .... but always when you least expect it .
When you find yourself in this realm of unlimited possibility , be careful what you say or do .
The right decisions may help you find your way back out .... sometimes with greater happiness and wealth .
The wrong decisions often lead to madness and death , or an eternity trapped in this dimension .
Tread warily past the sign post ahead that says you 've entered , The Twilight Zone Written by Bryan Ells
The Bayesian approach allows for a coherent framework for dealing with uncertainty in machine learning .
By integrating out parameters , Bayesian models do not suffer from overfitting , thus it is conceivable to consider models with infinite numbers of parameters , aka Bayesian nonparametric models .
An example of such models is the Gaussian process , which is a distribution over functions used in regression and classification problems .
Another example is the Dirichlet process , which is a distribution over distributions .
Dirichlet processes are used in density estimation , clustering , and nonparametric relaxations of parametric models .
It has been gaining popularity in both the statistics and machine learning communities , due to its computational tractability and modelling flexibility .
In the tutorial I shall introduce Dirichlet processes , and describe different representations of Dirichlet processes , including the Blackwell - MacQueen ?
urn scheme , Chinese restaurant processes , and the stick - breaking construction .
I shall also go through various extensions of Dirichlet processes , and applications in machine learning , natural language processing , machine vision , computational biology and beyond .
In the practical course I shall describe inference algorithms for Dirichlet processes based on Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling , and we shall implement a Dirichlet process mixture model , hopefully applying it to discovering clusters of NIPS papers and authors .
The Starting point to becoming a winner .
What separates Losers from Winners is the Loser ’s compulsive need for immediate gratification .
Losers can be reluctant to invest their time , effort and money in advance unless they can be assured of an immediate return .
Winners on the other hand , are willing to pay the price in advance , knowing they can only receive in direct proportion to what they are willing to extend .
The fire of desire .
The willingness to expand time , money and energy to have what you want requires strong Desire .
The more you Desire to go from being a Loser or a Non-Winner to a Winner , the less likely you ’ll accept anything else .
When Desire meets opportunity , exciting things begin to happen !
If you ’ve never been able to accept this , it ’s without a doubt because you ’ve been concentrating on something else .
Maybe you ’ve allowed yourself to become preoccupied with a lot of negative input , all the “ reasons ” why something may not work .
Negative thoughts generate fear , anxiety and discouragement .
Once you allow these negative thoughts to become your dominant beliefs , you are literally sabotaging your ability to become a Winner .
Desire , on the other hand , is a creative force .
It helps you to accept what you want to accomplish and it inspires enthusiasm .
Opportunities or Obstacles
By nature , we are not victims but creators and all creation begins with Belief .
In this case , if you believe something will work , you ’ll see the opportunities .
If you believe something will not work , you ’ll see obstacles .
Are there some obstacles in your life that can be turned into opportunities ?
If so , why not start now by viewing your obstacles as hidden opportunities for Success ?
To your Success ,
Cristiana Martinez
Cape Town , South Africa
Hillary Clinton had quite the African odyssey .
On the day she started her ambitious 11 - day , seven country tour , husband Bill jetted off to Pyongyang and wrested two American journalists from Kim Jong - Il .
Then , after dancing in Kenya , sitting down with Nelson Mandela , and upbraiding various African pols , her rumble in the jungle with a Congolese student was what dominated the headlines back home .
" My ...
WHITE PLAINS , NY — The BMW Mini E is a solid little electric ride that provides a comfortable , effortless driving experience with all of the usual small - car perks , plus an ultra cheap operating cost and a carbon footprint approaching zero .
But as a $ 50,000 two - seater with no head - turning quotient , the pitch for this first cousin of the Mini Cooper wo n't be so much to our inner rock star as our inner Al Gore .
Tooling around a busy interstate and the city streets of White Plains , it is easy to forget this is a pure electric vehicle , and something of a prototype at that :
There are only about 450 Mini E's on the road , driven by an unusually generous band of volunteer beta testers who pay $ 850 a month for the privilege of helping BMW work out the kinks before the car 's anticipated launch in 2012 .
They have no dibs on their cars and will not be allowed to buy them when the lease ends .
All maintenance , and car insurance , is paid by BMW .
And , of course , nobody pays for the gas .
" These are the future , " says James Van Nostrand , who invited us to drive his Mini E. Van Nostrand , executive director of the Pace University Energy and Climate Center ( great fit , BMW ) is a conversant passenger who describes a not - too - distant future when millions of plug-ins become an army of " mobile storage units " on the electric grid , sucking up power on the cheap overnight and selling it back — at a profit , mind you — during peak daylight hours .
In this dream world the utility pays you to drive your car .
But even if that never happens , the out - of - pocket cost of driving this car is so small that it materially lowers the total cost of ownership , even given the sticker price :
At 18 cents per kilowatt / hour , it costs less than $ 5 to travel the car 's approximate 100 - mile range .
In an internal combustion vehicle that gets 17 mpg , gas at the pump would have to cost 85 cents a gallon to compete .
A fatter pipe — a 32 - amp cable BMW is just making available , plugged into a 220 volt line — cuts the fill - up time for the 35 kilowatt - hour lithium - ion battery to a mere 4.5 hours .
That 's down from the 24 hours it takes with the 12 - amp cable that plugs into any 110 volt outlet .
With that kind of recharge speed , Van Nostrand speculates , charging up could be offered as inducements by restaurants , shopping malls and theaters — places where people might tend to spend two or three hours anyway , so topping off is n't lost time .
Like the free Wi-Fi coffee shops use to lure customers to lattes , ubiquitous plug - in privileges could make a spontaneous EV lifestyle possible .
Power and range is always the issue with EVs .
Indeed , the most prominent gauge in the Mini E is for the battery , located just below the windshield .
In the center of the dashboard is the speedometer — as if speed in such a car is a novelty that both passengers would enjoy monitoring .
It 's also a good 10 inches in diameter , large enough to be seen in the back seat , if there was a back seat ( BMW yanked it to make room for the 573 - pound battery ) .
The Mini has always had a huge speedo , but with so little real estate on the dashboard it 's a peculiar design choice .
There are some clues that this is n't your grandfather 's BMW , or even your brother 's Mini Cooper .
There is , of course no viscerally - satisfying sport - car roar as it reaches highway speeds .
While it does fine in mid-range acceleration , from a standstill the car is basically a glorified golf cart , slowish off the mark .
It 's hard to imagine Mark Walhberg and Charlize Theron eluding capture in The Italian Job in one of these babies .
BMW cites a zero to 62 mph time of 8.2 seconds , which is n't terribly quick .
The motor produces 150 kilowatts ( about 201 horsepower ) , but the car weighs 3,230 pounds .
Easing up on , er , the gas also decelerates the vehicle , so drivers who are familiar with manual transmission trick of engine braking will delight in the easily acquired ability to use the actual brake very rarely .
We entered highway traffic going at sub-city speeds , because of a stalled vehicle , so I could n't play chicken with commuters to fully test the stand - still acceleration .
But we reached speed quick enough and when the field cleared and getting from 50 to 80 + was fast and effortless .
Unfortunately , at these law - breaking but sometimes necessary speeds the car is difficult to control ; it almost seemed to be planing on the dry surface and required strong , two - handed diligence on the wheel to compensate a split - second at a time .
Dynamic stability control is a standard feature but we do n't know if it was on .
Back in the stop - and - go world of city driving , the Mini E did everything well .
Size helped with no - margin - for - error lane changing and even though I would have liked more pep in the low range I was always in sync with the unpredictable surrounding traffic through work zones , ill - timed traffic lights and rude drivers .
Nobody pointed and cooed , as they did when we rode in an Aptera or later when we actually drove one of the three - wheelers , and maybe that 's a good thing :
The Mini E looks , in every outward way , just like the internal combustion Mini Cooper ( OK , there are no exhaust pipes for the really observant ) , a significant brand that could stand extending into the green space .
Pop the " gas " cap — located just where the gasoline filler would be — and there is a " no fuel " sticker and an electric socket .
Pop the hood and there 's what looks like a magic box where you 'd expect to see an engine .
The box , which contains drivetrain components from AC Propulsion , is sealed and off limits to anyone but a BMW tech .
" Open the box and the lease is over , " Van Nostrand says .
Car like this — cars that look like cars and not some science project — are probably going to be the Model T of the EV era , appealing to the vast middle class who just need reliable wheels and have nothing to prove other than keeping up a little bit with the Jones .
Van Nostrand is — we 're sure he would n't be offended by this — " normal " enough to envisage almost anyone owning one of these , though we would expect at a price something closer to the anticipated $ 40,000 cost of the Chevrolet Volt , a range - extended EV expected next year , than the 50 grand Mitsubishi is asking for the i-MiEV city car when it goes on sale in Japan .
Surely the monthly cost for those of us who can't pay cash will have to come down for the Mini E to be truly successful .
In fact , when we told Van Nostrand that $ 850 a month could probably get him a Lamborghini , he just smiled .
" But who wants a Lamborghini ? " he replied .
Photos : John C. Abell / Wired.com and James Van Nostrand .
See a slideshow of all test - drive pictures on Flickr .
See Also :
Americans are famous for not paying much attention to the rest of the world , and it is often said that foreign wars are the way that we learn geography .
But most often it is not the people who have little direct experience outside their own country that are the problem , but rather the experts .
The latest polling data is making this clear once again , as a majority of Americans now oppose the war in Afghanistan , but the Obama administration is escalating the war , and his military commanders may ask for even more troops than the increase to 68,000 that the adminstration is planning by the end of this year .
This gap between the average American and the foreign policy elite has been around since the Vietnam war and long before .
The gap is also large between Democratic voters , three - quarters of whom oppose the war in Afghanistan , and the politicians and thinktanks that represent them in the political arena .
A few decades ago there was a real voting base of cold war liberals – people who were progressive on social and economic issues but rightwing on foreign policy .
That base has largely disappeared .
Yet amazingly , the foreign policy establishment – including most of the media – has managed to maintain this political tendency as a very influential force .
The gap between the public and the foreign policy elite is not due to the ignorance of the masses , as the elite would have it , but primarily to a different set of interests and values .
Very few foreign policy decision - makers – just a handful of members of Congress , for example – have sons or daughters who actually fight in the wars that they decide are " wars of necessity " .
The tax burden for these wars is more affordable for most foreign policy experts than it is for an American with median earnings .
And perhaps most importantly , the average American does n't have the same interest in trying to have the US rule the world .
For the foreign policy elite , the importance of running the world – as much as it is possible – is taken as given .
Walter Russell Mead is a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , one of the most influential foreign policy organisations in the United States .
He represents the more liberal end of the political spectrum at the CFR .
In a recent interview with The Brazilian Economy , he argued that all countries must accept what he called " the Anglo - American system " .
For him , the lessons of history show that there is no alternative :
To me , there is one clear lesson : by joining the [ Anglo - American ] system and becoming part of it , you can achieve far greater results , whether measured by international power , state security or the prosperity of your people .
You actually do much better by co-operating than resisting .
While one can argue that Europe and Japan have done reasonably well as subordinate partners to the US in the post - second world war era , the same cannot be said for the majority of countries in the world .
This is especially true in the years since 1980 , which have seen a sharp slowdown in economic growth , and reduced progress in social indicators such as life expectancy and infant mortality , in the vast majority of low - and - middle - income countries .
The biggest exception is China – which succeeded by rejecting the Anglo - American policy prescriptions and opted for state control of their banking system , foreign exchange , foreign capital flows and a host of other important economic decisions .
China also remained outside the World Trade Organisation until 2001 , when they were economically strong enough to take advantage of it .
Resistance , it seems , is not always futile .
Foreign economic policy is even more removed from public input than foreign policy in general , with unaccountable institutions such as the International Monetary Fund , World Bank and WTO making decisions that affect the lives and livelihoods of hundreds of millions of people .
It is this one - step - further removal from public accountability – there are no voters that these institutions have to answer to – that makes them so attractive to the elite in rich countries .
In the current economic downturn , the IMF can use taxpayer dollars to bail out western European banks who made imprudent loans in eastern Europe , something that the contributing governments might not be able to get away with politically if it were done directly .
Policies that primarily cause harm in other countries , such as the failed macroeconomic and development policies that the IMF , World Bank and WTO have pressured other countries to adopt , would not get as much support from the public as they do from the elite .
The average American has a moral sense that seems lacking in policy discussions here in Washington , where it is the custom to appear amoral , almost like an insect .
In 2006 , when television newscasts were showing regular footage of Iraqis killed and maimed by explosions , Americans were horrified , and opposition to the war increased substantially .
It is only by keeping the ugly reality of our foreign occupations away from the public that our government can even get enough support to keep funding them .
Conversely , where there are independent citizens ' organisations that can exert influence , some of the crimes involved in US foreign policy can be successfully challenged .
For example , the American Civil Liberties Union waged a five - year battle that led to attorney general Eric Holder 's decision this week to appoint a special prosecutor to look into some of the instances of torture and abuse of prisoners by the CIA .
But the powerful and rigid institutional arrangements of our foreign policy establishment , the sloth and weakness among the intelligentsia , as well as the corruption from the interests of military contractors , makes it an uphill battle for common sense to prevail .
It is not that the American people are so backward and ignorant , or bellicose .
Rather the main problem is that the public has so little input into foreign policy decisions .
That is what must change if we are to get away from the prospect of never - ending wars and conflicts , and from a foreign policy that continues to be one of the greatest obstacles to social and economic progress in the world .
Which Is The Best Value Yoghurt Maker For Sale In The UK ?
Research at the University of Washington Institute for Learning & Brain Sciences shows that infants can learn foreign speech sounds when they interact with a live human being in a social setting .
But infants under 1 - year - old do not seem to learn language when they are read to over TV .
The children stare at the TV and even point to it .
They seem visually attentive to the images that flow past , but learn no language .
Scientists think that social interaction with a live human being is crucial for learning to take place in children under 1 year .
In the future , more and more of us will learn from social robots , especially kids learning pre-school skills and students of all ages studying a new language .
This is just one of the scenarios sketched in a review essay that looks at a " new science of learning , " which brings together recent findings from the fields of psychology , neuroscience , machine learning and education .
The essay , published in the July 17 issue of the journal Science , outlines new insights into how humans learn now and could learn in the future , based on various studies including some that document the amazing amount of brain development that happens in infants and later on in childhood .
The premise for the new thinking :
We humans are born immature and naturally curious , and become creatures capable of highly complex cultural achievements — such as the ability to build schools and school systems that can teach us how to create computers that mimic our brains .
With a stronger understanding of how this learning happens , scientists are coming up with new principles for human learning , new educational theories and designs for learning environments that better match how we learn best , says one of the essay 's authors , psychologist Andrew Meltzoff of the University of Washington 's Learning in Informal and Formal Environments ( LIFE ) Center .
And social robots have a potentially growing role in these future learning environments , he says .
The mechanisms behind these sophisticated machines apparently complement some of the mechanisms behind human learning .
One such robot , which looks like the head of Albert Einstein , was revealed this week to show facial expressions and react to real human expressions .
The researchers who built the strikingly real - looking yet body - less ' bot plan to test it in schools .
Machine learning
In the first 5 years of life , our learning is " exhuberant " and " effortless , " Meltzoff says .
We are born learning , he says , and adults are driven to teach infants and children .
During those years and up to puberty , our brains exhibit " neural plasticity " — it 's easier to learn languages , including foreign languages .
It 's almost magical how we learn a foreign language , what becomes our native tongue , in the first two or three years we 're alive , Meltzoff said .
Magic aside , our early learning is computational , Meltzoff and his colleagues write .
Children under three and even infants have been found to use statistical thinking , such as frequency distributions and probabilities and covariation , to learn the phonetics of their native tongue and to infer cause - effect relationships in the physical world .
Some of these findings have helped engineers build machines that can learn and develop social skills , such as BabyBot , a baby doll trained to detect human faces .
Meanwhile , our learning is also highly social , so social , in fact , that newborns as young as 42 minutes old have been found to match gestures shown to them , such as someone sticking out her tongue or opening his mouth , Meltzoff and a colleague reported more than a decade ago .
Imitation is a key component to our learning — it 's a faster and safer way to learn than just trying to figure something out on our own , the authors write .
Even as adults , we use imitation when we go to a new setting such as a dinner party or a foreign country , to try and fit in .
Of course , for kids , the learning packed into every day can amount to traveling to a foreign country .
In this case , they are " visiting " adult culture and learning how to act like the people in our culture , becoming more like us .
If you roll all these human learning features into the field of robotics , there is a somewhat natural overlap — robots are well - suited to imitate us , learn from us , socialize with us and eventually teach us , the researchers say .
Robot teachers
Social robots are being used on an experimental basis already to teach various skills to preschool children , including the names of colors , new vocabulary words and simple songs .
In the future , robots will only be used to teach certain skills , such as acquiring a foreign or new language , possibly in playgroups with children or to individual adults .
But robot teachers can be cost - effective compared to the expense of paying a human teacher , Meltzoff told LiveScience .
" If we can capture the magic of social interaction and pedagogy , what makes social interaction so effective as a vehicle for learning , we may be able to embody some of those tricks in machines , including computer agents , automatic tutors , and robots , " he said .
Still , children clearly learn best from other people and playgroups of peers , Meltzoff said , and he does n't see children in the future being taught entirely by robots .
Terrance Sejnowski of the Temporal Dynamics of Learning Center ( TDLC ) at the University of California at San Diego , a co-author of the new essay with Meltzoff , is working on using technology to merge the social with the instructional , and bringing it to bear on classrooms to create personalized , individualized teaching tailored to students and tracking their progress .
" By developing a very sophisticated computational model of a child 's mind , we can help improve that child 's performance , " Sejnowski said .
Overall , the hope , Meltzoff said , is to " figure out how to combine the passion and curiosity for learning that children display with formal schooling .
There is no reason why curiosity and passion ca n’t be fanned at school where there are dedicated professionals , teachers , trying to help children learn . "
The essay is the first published article as part of a collaboration between the TDLC and the LIFE Center , both of which are funded under multimillion - dollar grants from the National Science Foundation .
Meltzoff 's other co-authors on the essay are Patricia Kuhl of the University of Washington and Javier Movellan of the TDLC .
There 's something fishy about these pictures :
Either genetic engineering 's got way out of hand , or someone 's been on Photoshop ...
No , your eyes are n't playing tricks .
That is an apple with a fish 's face on it .
And yes , that 's a lion peeking out from a dandelion .
These are the results of what started as a fun internet challenge .
When asked by the website www.worth1000.com to merge pictures of plants and animals , computer whizzkids morphed fish with bananas , and spiders with onions .
And here are the fruits ( and veg ) of their labour ...
A fish called wonder :
This new species seems to have developed an Adam 's apple
Unearthed : Is this frog called Mr Potato Head ?
That 's fishy :
This banana 's taken the plunge
Call me Spike :
But not all chameleons change into cacti
A frog in the throat ?
This strawberry will cause one
King of the dandelions : A new job for a big cat
I spy ... a snake in that plant
Mock turtle melon :
You can only marvel at this tropical discovery
Web of intrigue :
This spider might make you cry
If a bird 's worth two , what 's the value of a ram when it 's hidden in a bush ?
That 's got to be a fruit bat !
But these mangoes wo n't taste at all good
No studies have been published to confirm this phenomenon .
But many trainers and orthopedists say the anecdotal evidence is jarring , and medical staffs for Major League Baseball teams and franchises in other sports are scrambling to understand why athletes ’ hips suddenly seem so fragile .
Experts said other factors could be at work in addition to the overemphasis on leg strength .
Advances in magnetic imaging have enabled doctors to see inside the hip and identify certain ailments , and the increasing number of children playing sports at younger ages has led to more instances of improper bone development .
Several of baseball ’s biggest stars  including Alex Rodriguez of the Yankees , Chase Utley of the Philadelphia Phillies and Carlos Delgado of the Mets  have been forced to the sideline after having surgery to repair a torn labrum , the cartilage that runs along the rim of the hip socket .
Rodriguez recently returned after missing two months , and Delgado has said he may not return this season .
On Thursday , one of Utley ’s teammates , pitcher Brett Myers , was found to have a damaged labrum in his hip .
He is expected to have surgery this week .
Not all doctors are convinced that training is the culprit .
“ It ’s not like workouts have changed all of a sudden ; it does n’t explain it , ” said Christopher Powers , an associate professor of biokinesiology at the University of Southern California .
“ People and doctors are just more aware of it diagnostically .
We ’ve always had hip problems ; now we are just finding it better . ”
The number of players on the disabled list because of hip and groin - muscle injuries rose to 34 in 2008 from 20 in 2007 .
Through the first quarter of this season , at least 13 players have gone on the disabled list with hip injuries .
The Star Trek series of TV shows did futuristic technology well enough .
If what you needed was a computer display , ship controls or energy weapons , someone had the designs covered .
What telly Star Trek was n’t especially remarkable for was its sets .
Most outdoor locations on alien worlds looked far too similar to Earth to suspend disbelief .
Any cave or rock formation the crew happened to stumble across was unconvincing and a lot of interiors looked plastic-y .
The Deep Space 9 series had those shortcomings as well as an added challenge , taking place as it did on a space station , and not a very attractive one at that .
Scenes on the station were limited to a few living quarters , a couple of shops and offices and Quark ’s bar .
It would be easy to grow tired of the confines of the sets and if you wanted a change of scenery you ’d have to get the shuttle out of there .
But the drawback of a stagnant station also gave DS9 what is , for our gold - pressed latinum , its greatest design accomplishment – its costumes .
Because each weekly show did not have to venture out to find alien races and the various lifeforms made their way to the station , the show always featured many costumed actors , all decked out in their alien finery .
And a great deal of effort went into each design , whether they featured on the episode for a good chunk of its runtime , or merely passed behind leads and were gone in seconds .
( It ’s satisfyingly fitting that a main character of the show , Garak , pictured first below , was an accomplished tailor and sometime spy . )
Lastly , here are some shops that know just how to dress a display window :
( She 's the maker of the infamous thorax cake , so click the link at your own risk ! )
( See more insanely detailed progress shots here . )
I do n't know about you guys , but I would * totally * shop there .
Why do n't we have displays like this here in the States ?
Update from john :
This photo just came in from Leigh Henderson of theyrecoming .com Yup .
It 's cake .
And no , she 's not a professional .
I can't believe it either .
But that 's not all ...
It has an inside !
She did it with mirrors and LEDs .
Wow .
Freakin ' wow .
And did I mention wow ?
Jerry Amaro complained to everyone he knew that Oakland police had beaten him .
Few people outside his own family believed the 35 - year - old drug addict 's story back in March 2000 .
It seemed no one ever would - he never lodged a complaint against police after being arrested in an undercover drug sting , his family found no witnesses to back his claim , and the lieutenant who led the operation denied that any beating had occurred .
A month after his arrest , Amaro died of pneumonia brought on by broken ribs and a punctured lung .
Suddenly , police homicide investigators did find witnesses to back Amaro 's story , and at least one officer acknowledged that police had inflicted blows that night .
Police officials even ultimately concluded that their own criminal probe had been compromised by the " blatant " interference of the lieutenant who oversaw Amaro 's arrest .
Until recently , however , Amaro 's family never knew about any of it .
Police shelved the case quietly , handing out a 10 - day suspension to the lieutenant .
Eight years after Amaro 's death , that lieutenant , Ed Poulson , was promoted to captain and put in charge of police internal affairs .
Only then did new allegations surrounding Amaro 's death come to light , prompting the FBI to open an investigation and Amaro 's family to file a $ 10 million civil rights lawsuit .
Investigative documents in the case , obtained by The Chronicle , raise questions about not only what happened during Amaro 's arrest , but also whether officials in the Police Department and Alameda County district attorney 's office short - circuited the criminal probe of what occurred that night .
An ill - fated drug buy
Amaro was caught in the first drug sting Ed Poulson ever ran .
Poulson , now 46 , joined the Oakland Police Department in 1987 and spent time in administrative jobs , including a stint in internal affairs , before being promoted to lieutenant .
He was supervising the undercover drug operation the evening of March 23 , 2000 , when his officers ensnared Amaro trying to buy crack cocaine at Holly Street and 73rd Avenue in East Oakland .
Amaro ran , was chased down by uniformed officers and , after being tackled , was put in a police cruiser .
Two other suspects in the car said Amaro had complained of pain from being beaten by officers and had demanded to see a doctor , an internal affairs investigation found .
The officers who were in the cruiser , however , said they had n't heard anything like that .
Poulson told internal affairs that Amaro said he had been beaten , but that when he had asked Amaro to lift his shirt , he had seen no sign of injury .
Poulson said he figured Amaro was simply faking it to avoid arrest .
Two reports filed by officers involved in the arrest made no mention of police having used force .
Amaro was held for five days , through March 28 , at jails run by the county Sheriff 's Department .
He consistently complained of pain , jail authorities told police .
Reports indicate he was given only Motrin before being released on his own recognizance .
He told family members that he had first thought the officers who tackled him were robbers , because they came up from behind and beat him without identifying themselves , according to documents in the case .
Still , he never filed a complaint against police .
On April 17 , Amaro went to the East Oakland Health Center , where he told a doctor that police had beaten him - although he told a nurse that a friend had done it - according to a police summary of the investigation .
An X - ray the following day revealed that he had five broken ribs .
Doctors told him to go to the hospital , but he never did .
On April 20 , he moved into a friend 's house .
He died in the basement there the next day .
Police open probe
Oakland police opened an investigation soon after Amaro was found dead April 21 .
Relatives told patrol officers that Amaro had been involved in a clash with police , and patrol alerted the homicide division , which is charged with investigating officer - involved deaths .
The probe was led by Sgt. Gus Galindo , a veteran investigator , who compiled a log of his findings through May 10 , 2000 , when prosecutors decided not file charges .
The Chronicle obtained a copy of the log , but Galindo , who is still with the department , declined to be interviewed .
Galindo first talked to Poulson , who along with two uniformed officers had chased down Amaro and restrained him .
Poulson told him that no officers had used force .
Galindo , however , found a woman in the neighborhood who said she had seen two undercover officers punch Amaro several times in the back as he struggled with a third officer .
She reported hearing Amaro ask , " Why did you slam me ? " and one of the officers reply , " You slammed me first . "
In all , nine officers were interviewed by homicide investigators April 25 , and all nine said they had n't beaten Amaro or seen anyone hit him .
The next day , however , a critical tip cast doubt on the integrity of the investigation .
The tip was fielded by the head of the homicide unit , Lt. Paul Berlin , who had already been consulting with District Attorney Tom Orloff about the case .
' Whole truth ' held back
On the evening of April 26 , two police supervisors who worked with the arresting officers told Berlin that the officers had said the " whole truth " did not come out in their interviews , according to an internal affairs report obtained by The Chronicle .
Galindo's log indicates the tip was sent up the police chain of command late that night .
The next day , Galindo briefed then - Chief Richard Word and " was directed to transfer the case " from homicide to internal affairs , his log notes .
It gives no explanation for the move .
This decision was critical .
Unlike in criminal interviews , information learned in internal affairs probes often cannot be used in criminal court under state law .
The decision , in effect , ended the criminal investigation into Amaro 's death and meant no police would be prosecuted .
Word , however , said in an interview that he had not ordered that the criminal probe be halted .
" I did not direct that the case be stopped - that 's ridiculous , " said Word , who is now Vacaville 's chief of police .
" I do n't know who directed ( Galindo ) - I did n't . "
Word added that he had not known until being notified by The Chronicle that the homicide investigation was handed over to internal affairs .
" That 's news to me , " he said .
" I thought the case was fully investigated and that the D.A. chose not to file . "
Who knew what , and when
The Chronicle 's review of the documents raises deeper questions about what police officials and prosecutors knew at the time Word met with Galindo and the case was transferred to internal affairs .
A report by the internal affairs investigator , Sgt. Bill Wallace , suggests that District Attorney Orloff decided before April 26 , when police got the " whole truth " tip , that no crime had been committed .
It is silent on the question of whether police ever relayed the tip to Orloff .
Galindo's log reflects a different story , however .
It suggests that Orloff made critical decisions a day after Berlin , the homicide unit leader , and police brass were told officers might be holding back .
The homicide investigator 's log says that on the afternoon of April 27 - three hours after Word met with investigators and they were ordered off the case - Berlin briefed Orloff .
The district attorney said the case should go to a lower - level prosecutor for " final disposition , " the log says .
Nothing in the log reflects what Orloff knew at the time .
In a recent interview , the district attorney stressed that he had no memory of the case .
But , he added : " Obviously , I was n't told certain things .
If I had been told , I would say , ' You 've got to get to the bottom of this . '
There would have been more follow - up . "
Berlin , who has since left the department , declined in an interview to reveal what he had told the district attorney .
But he said he never heard about the case again after the discussion .
He said he had simply been " following orders " when the case was shifted to internal affairs .
" It was a little frustrating , " Berlin said .
" Not a lot of information was exchanged . "
Galindo , however , had not totally relinquished the case .
On May 5 , a second woman who lives in the East Oakland neighborhood told internal affairs investigators who had taken over the case that all of Poulson 's officers had " bum - rushed " and " whupped " Amaro , who never resisted .
" He was screaming and yelling , ' Stop ! OK !
I give up ! ' " as the officers punched him , she said .
Galindo noted in his log that he had told prosecutors about the second woman 's account .
On May 10 , Galindo's final log entry said , Deputy District Attorney Sandra Quist told him there was insufficient evidence to bring charges .
Quist , who has since retired , declined to comment for this story .
Unusual directive
With the criminal probe over , the internal affairs investigation began with an unusual order , according to a report later prepared for the Oakland city attorney 's office .
Chief
Word issued a directive that the arresting officers not be disciplined for lying if they changed their initial accounts , according to the report , which reviewed police documents in the case .
Word said in an interview that he had no memory of giving such an order .
Only one of the officers , Roland Holmgren , did change his denial that officers had used force in arresting Amaro .
Holmgren told internal affairs that he had heard and felt blows to Amaro 's back while he struggled with him , but did not know who had administered them .
Two other officers told internal affairs of an " odd " encounter with Poulson on April 26 , a day after Galindo 's homicide investigators interviewed them .
It was the same day Berlin got the tip about the " whole truth " having yet to come out .
Both officers said Poulson had summoned them to a secluded part of a police substation parking lot .
He told them to speak truthfully to internal affairs , they said , but he also told them , " Be loyal to me , I 'll be loyal to you . "
One of the officers , Clifford Bunn , told internal affairs that he thought Poulson was both " distancing himself " from the officers and trying to influence their accounts .
The other officer , Marcell Patterson , said he did n't know what Poulson had been getting at .
Neither officer responded to requests to be interviewed .
The meeting ended when another supervisor , Sgt. Mike Yoell , drove up and warned Poulson , " This is n't good - this looks like a police cover - up , " Poulson told internal affairs investigators .
Poulson told internal affairs that Yoell had said , " The rumors are that you hit him . "
" I did n't hit this guy , " Poulson said he had responded , adding , " That 's all b- . "
' No way you hit that guy '
Wallace , the internal affairs investigator , seemed satisfied with Poulson 's story .
He assured the lieutenant , " There 's no way you hit that guy , " his report shows .
Poulson denied he had been trying to shape the officers ' stories during the parking lot meeting , although he said he later apologized to Bunn and Patterson .
Other accusations about Poulson 's conduct soon arose , however .
On May 16 - several days after Poulson gave his version to internal affairs - the Police Department received an anonymous letter saying that just before the arresting officers were interviewed by homicide investigators , Poulson met with them at the Police Officers Association office .
He told them that he was seeking a promotion and that any accusation against him would be " going against a captain , " the letter said .
The writer was never identified .
Poulson had already denied to internal affairs that he had held such a meeting , and the letter went nowhere .
Recommendation overruled
Poulson 's supervisor , Capt .
Ron Davis , ultimately concluded that Poulson had made a " blatant attempt " to influence officers ' accounts .
Far from being promoted to captain , he said , Poulson should be demoted to sergeant .
Davis also concluded that while " not directly responsible for the death of Mr. Amaro , " Poulson 's command failings " clearly contributed to the incident . "
Then - Deputy Chief Peter Dunbar , however , recommended only a 10 - day suspension and no demotion .
Chief Word agreed .
No one else was suspended for the operation .
The internal affairs investigation was blasted in a 2001 report by a private attorney , Laura Stevens - who , ironically , had been hired by the Oakland city attorney 's office to defend it should Poulson appeal his suspension .
' Softball ' probe
In her report to the city attorney , Stevens called the internal affairs probe " softball . "
She wrote that she was " mystified " that Word had directed that discrepancies between what officers told Galindo 's homicide investigation and what they told internal affairs not be held against them .
Internal affairs investigators ' questioning largely consisted of " offering excuses to the officers which they then ( adopted ) , " Stevens wrote .
Independent experts contacted by The Chronicle reached similar conclusions about other aspects of the case .
Eric Safire , a private attorney who handles police misconduct lawsuits , said the decision to cut short the homicide investigation and hand the case to internal affairs " smells of a cover - up .
It seems to me that the protocol would be to refer to homicide for further investigation . "
Former San Francisco Police Chief Anthony Ribera said the meetings Poulson held with his officers jeopardized the probe 's integrity , and that Word should have ordered officers not to talk with each other about the case .
Ribera , who now heads the International Institute of Criminal Justice Leadership in San Francisco , said any use of force against Amaro may have been justified .
" But when you lie , you do n't have that option of justifying it .
A department has to know that if you lie in an investigation , you will be terminated .
If you lie , you die . "
Questions linger
In nine years , the Amaro case has refused to go away .
In 2005 , City Attorney John Russo sent a confidential memo to then - Mayor Jerry Brown and the City Council that reviewed the department 's handling of the case .
Citing Stevens ' report , he called the probe " procedurally improper and substantively inadequate . "
Late last year , then - Police Chief Wayne Tucker picked Poulson to run internal affairs and promoted him to captain .
Tucker later said he had known of the 2000 incident , but that Poulson was the " best for the job . "
Someone within the Police Department then contacted the FBI , accusing Poulson himself of having kicked Amaro on the ground and then ordering officers to lie , according to authorities with knowledge of the case .
News that the FBI had opened an investigation was first reported earlier this year by the Chauncey Bailey Project , a consortium of media outlets that does not include The Chronicle .
Poulson is on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the FBI investigation and declined to comment for this story .
His lawyer , Matthew Pavone , says Poulson was guilty only of bad judgment in talking to the other officers and did n't beat anyone , let alone orchestrate a cover-up .
" He got disciplined for it - he took his lumps , " Pavone said .
In March , attorney John Burris - who had turned Amaro 's family away in 2000 - filed a $ 10 million lawsuit on their behalf .
" They beat my brother , they broke his ribs .
He died in agony and pain , " said Amaro 's sister , Stephanie Montoya .
" These police officers finally came forward after all this time . "
Low - carbohydrate diets may damage arteries and increase the risk of heart attacks , research suggests .
Scientists believe cutting carbs on Atkins - style diets impairs the regrowth and repair of blood vessels .
The discovery was made by a team whose leader was on a low - carb diet until he saw the results .
Researchers used mice to test three diets .
One group of mice was fed a basic mouse diet .
A second was fed a " Western " diet of 43 per cent carbohydrate , 42 per cent fat , 15 per cent protein and 0.15 per cent cholesterol .
A third was fed only 12 per cent carbohydrate and 43 per cent fat , 45 per cent protein and 0.15 per cent cholesterol .
Mice on the low - carb diet gained 28 per cent less weight than those on the Western diet but they suffered more atherosclerosis – the build - up of deposits that narrow arteries .
Levels of cholesterol , triglyceride blood fats and inflammation markers linked to atherosclerosis could not account for the findings , but the production of endothelial progenitor cells in mice on the low - carb diet was found to have dropped by 40 per cent after two weeks .
These cells help repair and grow blood vessels .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The findings suggest factors other than fat and cholesterol may be important to heart health .
Anthony Rosenzweig , from the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Centre in Boston , said : " Our research suggests ... these diets could be having adverse cardiovascular effects that are not reflected in simple serum markers [ like cholesterol ] . "
The findings are in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
A Houston Independent School District special education teacher has been arrested for pistol - whipping a 16 - year - old after the teen posted footage of the alleged assault on YouTube .
Cashin Clay , 53 , is free on $ 30,000 bail after being charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , Harris County District Attorney spokeswoman Donna Hawkins said .
The World ’s Economic Problems are Like 2 Cross - Wired Thermostats
Many years ago I did some work at a newly built manufacturing plant in Phoenix .
The new plant was having trouble with its air conditioning system — the administrative offices were too cold and the manufacturing shop floor was too hot .
While I was there it was discovered that a mistake had been made during installation : the air conditioning system for the shop floor had been wired to the thermostat in the administrative offices , and the air conditioning system for the administrative offices had been wired to a thermostat on the shop floor .
It ’s funny in hindsight : the people in the administrative offices would be cold so they would turn the thermostat up .
The people on the shop floor would be hot so they would turn the thermostat down .
Thus the temperature problem was created by cross-wiring the two thermostats .
I was thinking the other day that our world economic problems are similar .
Consumers
On the one side we have the consumers who are being battered from every direction .
They ’re losing their jobs , their 401 ( k ) retirement accounts have lost much of their value , gas prices are high , home values have dropped , and adjustable rate mortgages are increasing their payments .
Business
On the other side we have businesses who are being battered as well .
Consumers are spending less , so revenues are down .
Investors are living in fear , so it ’s difficult to fund new development or — in some cases — even generate enough cash to pay the bills .
Other countries are n’t doing much better — it ’s not just a U.S. problem .
Businesses are in a slump , and the future does n’t look great .
Like 2 Cross - Wired Thermostats
We have the same cross-wired situation between consumers and business .
Consumers control the “ temperature ” of businesses , since their purchases make businesses successful .
On the other hand , businesses control the temperature of the consumers , since they provide jobs and since business investment forms the basis for the stock market and those 401 ( k ) investments .
See the problem ?
It ’s just like in that manufacturing plant :
The consumers are feeling “ hot ” so they ’re turning down the heat on business by refusing to buy .
And the businesses are feeling “ cold ” so they ’re turning up the heat on consumers by laying off workers , tightening consumer credit and in some cases raising prices .
A Solution
Now in the manufacturing plant we had the option of rewiring , but that ’s not an option for the economy .
No , we have to live with the idea that consumers and business are interdependent — that ’s what capitalism is all about .
So what can we do instead to solve the problem ?
In the manufacturing plant we needed to provide a short - term solution for our cross-wiring problem until the electrician arrived .
So we set both thermostats to a “ normal ” position ( one that was n’t too hot and was n’t too cold ) .
Then we fine - tuned the thermostat settings by making small changes , waiting to see how it affected the other part of the plant , and then revising as needed .
How the Government Fits In
If you think about it , this is the same thing that the U.S. government has been trying to do ( and probably other governments as well ) .
The government has tried to take steps to make both business and consumers act like things are “ normal ” even though it ’s somewhat artificial to do so .
“ Stimulus payments ” and “ recovery rebates ” are ways of providing short - term money to help consumers begin to feel normal again .
Government “ bail - out ” of banks and a few key industries is a way of helping business get back to normalcy .
So the solution is to have the government help consumers and businesses feel like things are normal on a temporary basis .
And if things go right , then both consumers and businesses will begin to count on things being normal in the longer term , and the economy will recover .
The stock market will recover , consumers will spend , businesses will once again become profitable , and out - of - work consumers will get jobs .
You ’ve Got to Believe
Will this work ?
It worked for our thermostat problem in Phoenix , and I believe that it will work for the economy as well .
I encourage each of you to believe it because believing in this solution is what makes it work .
Like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz , we ’ve had the power to go where we want to go all along — we just have to use it .
So close your eyes , click your heels together , and repeat after me , “ There ’s no place like a good economy .
There ’s no place like a good economy . … ”
Sidebar : A Business IT Application of this Principle
And while we ’re on the subject of cross - wired thermostats , this metaphor works for Business and IT as well .
Business controls the perception of IT , and IT has a large impact on the effectiveness and efficiency of Business .
When Business views IT as failing , then Business tends to micro-manage IT .
This usually results in further IT failures , since most people in Business do n’t really understand IT .
Thus we get a downward spiral , just like a downward economic spiral .
Sometimes we need to “ push the reset button ” on Business and IT views of each other , just like we ’re trying to reset the economy .
This gives both parties a chance to develop a new working relationship , and things can improve from there .
So if your company ’s perception of IT is stuck in a downward spiral , call a truce , get everyone to agree to put the past behind you , and try to move forward with a new view of IT .
If you ’ve got the right people leading IT , then this will stop the downward spiral and start an upward spiral in its place .
Related Posts and Articles
Photo : Wohani
With the start of the academic year , it ’s time to switch out of vacation mode — pronto .
What you do the first week of classes can majorly impact your grades four months from now , so do n’t skip these first week must - dos .
Advertisement
Editor ’s note :
This guest post originally appeared in an altered form at the Professors ’ Guide blog at U.S. News & World Report .
Take charge :
Advertisement
At college there ’s no one looking over your shoulder or holding your hand to make sure you get off on the right foot .
It ’s all up to you — and your feet .
So do it .
Get your a** to class :
In a class that meets 35 times in a semester , each lecture has about 3 percent of the content .
Blow off the first week , and you ’re already 8 percent behind .
Disregard what your friends tell you about “ drop / add ” classes , because every professor ’s on a different timeline .
Grade the prof :
At the first couple of meetings , make a careful assessment about whether the professor teaching your course is one you can actually learn from .
Is he is she clear and organized ?
Can you make sense of what ’s being taught ?
If not , drop the course ( or courses ) a.s.a.p.
If you do n’t like the teacher on day one , things will get really ugly by day 40 .
Be sure you ’re in the right league :
Some classes — especially in math , sciences , and foreign languages — are taught at many different levels .
Be sure you have n’t signed up for a class that ’s either too hard or too easy for you , given your prior training and abilities .
Obvious ?
Not always .
Placement tests and course numbers are n’t always right , so trust your own sense of the course .
Avert disaster — make changes on week one .
Scrutinize the syllabus :
Figure out immediately what counts and what does n’t .
Start figuring out the plot of the course — how it ’s structured and the basic point of it .
In some courses , the syllabus contains important clues about what will be on the tests , buried in the statement of the course ’s goal and objectives .
Be alert to these tip - offs about what the professor thinks is most important .
Advertisement
Get out your calendar ( paper or electronic ) and mark all the important dates : the dates and times of all your exams , your professors ’ office hours , paper due dates , and university holidays and vacations .
Be on the lookout for possible conflicts , which should be resolved right away .
Now would be a really good time to familiarize yourself with calenderizing software for your PC or Mac .
( Here ’s Lifehacker readers ’ five picks for the best calendar applications . )
Advertisement
Find yourself a cave :
It ’s not too early to scope out a quiet place where you ’ll do your studying .
And when you get there , turn off the gadgets .
Texting , cell phones , IM , Facebook , and Twitter are responsible for more bad grades in college than all the parties combined .
Get down to business :
The preparation business .
Most professors do assign homework for the first week of classes and actually expect you to do it , even if there ’s no test or quiz until the fourth week .
So get off to a good start , and keep in mind that you ( or someone you know ) will be paying for this college thing .
Advertisement
Dr. Lynn F. Jacobs and Jeremy S. Hyman are co-authors of the book Professors ’ Guide to Getting Good Grades in College — tips that work from the ones who know .
You can download a free chapter here , or email Lynn and Jeremy a question or comment here .
They ’d love to hear from you .
With its ability to collect articles and sell advertisements against them , Google has already become a huge force in the news business  and the scourge of many newspapers .
Now its subsidiary YouTube wants to do the same thing to local television .
YouTube , which already boasts of being “ the biggest news platform in the world , ” has created a News Near
You feature that senses a user ’s location and serves up a list of relevant videos .
In time , it could essentially engineer a local newscast on the fly .
It is already distributing hometown video from dozens of sources , and it wants to add thousands more .
YouTube says it is helping TV stations and its other partners by creating a new  but so far not fiscally significant  source of revenue .
But news media companies may have reasons to be wary .
Few TV stations have figured out how replicate profits on the Internet .
YouTube can easily act as another competitor .
The United States lost jobs in July , but the pace of firings and layoffs is moderating , according to a private employment report .
Overall , the US private nonfarm sector lost 371,000 jobs last month , according to the ADP National Employment Report ( .pdf ) released Wednesday .
That estimate , intended to anticipate the official government estimate to be released Friday , was slightly higher than many economists had forecast .
Nevertheless , it represents the smallest number of job losses reported by ADP since October 2008 – and roughly half the peak job loss of 736,000 in March .
“ Despite recent indications that overall economic activity is stabilizing , employment , which usually trails overall economic activity , is likely to decline for at least several more months , albeit at a diminishing rate , ” Joel Prakken , chairman of Macroeconomic Advisers , said in a release .
The company puts out the monthly report , based on payroll data , in partnership with Automatic Data Processing .
Job losses have slowed the most at small - and medium - sized businesses , where the monthly rate of decline now is half what it was in January , according to the ADP report .
Large companies ( those with 500 or more employees ) have seen their job losses slow by slightly more than a third in the same period .
In the darkness of the deep ocean , some animals create their own light .
Among these is the Hawaiian bobtail squid Euprymna scolopes , which forms a partnership with the luminous bacterium Vibrio fischeri .
The squid houses colonies of these bacteria in special light organs , and it can control the brightness and direction of their illuminations .
But these organs do much more than produce light - they detect it too .
The organs generate nervous signals when they sense light and they 're loaded with proteins responsible for detecting it .
The light organs are effectively an extra set of primitive eyes , each equipped with its own " iris " and " lens " .
The squid comes equipped with a pair of living , ' seeing ' flashlights .
By Mark Doyle
BBC world affairs correspondent
The desolate , dusty town of Pibor on South Sudan 's border with Ethiopia has no running water , no electricity and little but mud huts for the population to live in .
You would be hard put to find a poorer place anywhere on earth .
I went there as part of a journey across Africa to ask the question " Why is Africa poor ? " for a BBC radio documentary series .
We have oil and many other minerals - go name it
Barnaba Benjamin , South Sudan regional co-operation minister I was asked to investigate why it is that the vast majority of African countries are clustered at or near the bottom of the United Nations Human Development Index - in other words they have a pretty appalling standard of living .
In Pibor , the answer to why the place is poor seems fairly obvious .
The people - most of whom are from the Murle ethnic group - are crippled by tribal conflicts related to disputes over cattle , the traditional store of wealth in South Sudan .
The Murle have recently had fights with the Lol Nuer group to the north of Pibor and with ethnic Bor Dinkas to the west .
In a spate of fighting with the Lol Nuer earlier this year several hundred people , many of them women and children , were killed in deliberate attacks on villages .
There has been a rash of similar clashes across South Sudan in the past year ( although most were on a smaller scale than the fights between the Lol Nuer and the Murle ) .
And so the answer to why South Sudan is poor is surely a no - brainer :
War makes you destitute .
Why is there so much war ?
And yet South Sudan is potentially rich .
" It 's bigger than Kenya , Uganda , Rwanda and Burundi combined , " the South Sudan Regional Co-operation Minister Barnaba Benjamin , enthused .
" Tremendous land !
Very fertile , enormous rainfall , tremendous agricultural resources .
Minerals !
We have oil and many other minerals - go name it ! "
Our leaders , they just want to keep on being rich .
And they do n't want to pay taxes
Fisherman on Lake Victoria
Blog :
Why is Africa poor ?
The paradox of rich resources and poor people hints at another layer of explanation about why Africa is poor .
It is not just that there is war .
The question should , perhaps be : " Why is there so much war ? "
And the headline question is in fact misleading ; Africans as a people may be poor , but Africa as a place is fantastically rich - in minerals , land , labour and sunshine .
That is why outsiders have been coming here for hundreds of years - to invade , occupy , convert , plunder and trade .
The spectres of slavery and colonialism hover in the background of almost every serious conversation with Africans about why most of them are poor .
It almost goes without saying that , of course , slavery impoverished parts of Africa and that colonialism set up trading patterns which were aimed at benefitting the coloniser , not the colonised .
But there is a psychological impact too .
Hajia Amina Az - Zubair , the Nigerian president 's senior adviser on poverty issues , told me that colonialism " was all about take , not build " , and that this attitude " transferred itself into a lot of mindsets " .
Even today , Ms Zubair said it was sometimes difficult to design poverty - reduction programmes that were inclusive : " You sit round a table and ask ' What are your needs ? ' and you get an absolute blank .
Because for years , they 've been told what they 're going to have .
So even the ability to engage has been difficult for us . "
The resources of South Sudan have never been properly developed .
During colonial rule South Sudan was used as little more than a reservoir of labour and raw materials .
Then independence was followed by 50 years of on - off war between the south and north - with northerners in Khartoum continuing the British tactic of divide and rule among the southern groups .
Some southerners believe this is still happening today .
Corruption
On my journey across the poorest , sub -Saharan swathe of the continent - that took in Liberia and Nigeria in the west , Sudan in the centre , and Kenya in the east - people explored the impact that both non-Africans and Africans had had on why Africa is poor .
Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf says she underestimated the problem of graft Almost every African I met , who was not actually in government , blamed corrupt African leaders for their plight .
" The gap between the rich and the poor in Africa is still growing , " said a fisherman on the shores of Lake Victoria .
" Our leaders , they just want to keep on being rich .
And they do n't want to pay taxes . "
Even President Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf of Liberia came close to this when she told me she had underestimated the level of corruption in her country when she took office .
" Maybe I should have sacked the whole government when I came to power , " she said .
" Africa is not poor , " President Johnson - Sirleaf added , " it is poorly managed . "
This theme was echoed by an architect in Kenya and a senior government official in Nigeria .
Both pointed out that the informal sector of most African economies is huge and almost completely unharnessed .
Eastleigh has the most expensive real estate in Nairobi
Marketplaces , and a million little lean - to repair shops and small - scale factories are what most urban Africans rely upon for a living .
But such is their distrust of government officials that most businesspeople in the informal sector avoid all contact with the authorities .
Kenyan architect and town planner Mumo Museva took me to the bustling Eastleigh area of Nairobi , where traders have created a booming economy despite the place being almost completely abandoned by the government .
Eastleigh is a filthy part of the city where rubbish lies uncollected , the potholes in the roads are the size of swimming pools , and the drains have collapsed .
Africa is not poor .
Africa is just poorly managed
Architect Mumo Museva
But one indication of the success of the traders , Mr Museva said , was the high per-square - foot rents there .
" You 'll be surprised to note that Eastleigh is the most expensive real estate in Nairobi . "
He added that if Eastleigh traders trusted the government they might pay some taxes in return for decent services , so creating a " virtuous circle " .
" It would lift people out of poverty , " he said .
" Remember , poverty is related to quality of life , and the quality of life here is appalling , despite the huge amount of wealth flowing through these areas . "
Then the young Kenyan architect echoed the Liberian president , some 5,000 km ( 3,000 miles ) away on the other side of the continent .
" Africa is not poor , " he also said .
" Africa is just poorly managed . "
You can hear the first of Mark Doyle 's programmes Why is Africa poor ? on the BBC World Service on Monday 24 August 2009 at 0906 GMT , 1406 GMT and 1906 GMT .
It will also be available on the website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last week we ran Doug Short 's excellent chart showing the recovery off the lows in 1929 , 1974 , and 2002 .
As noted , we 're right at the same point in duration and magnitude that the 1929 rally ( gray line ) failed .
And we 're ahead of the 1974 ( red ) and 2002 ( green ) recoveries .
The above chart is nominal .
Doug has produced a new version of the chart that shows the prices adjusted for inflation ( real ) .
Two observations leap out :
We 're still tracking that 1929 rally ( do n't think about what happened next )
We 're at the same point where the 1974 and 2002 rallies eventually stalled ( for several years in the case of 2002 , for almost ten years in the case of 1974 )
Check out more of Doug 's great charts here >
Every year , the north Atlantic ocean turns green with plankton , and for more than fifty years , scientists thought they knew why .
Now , a decade ’s worth of satellite measurements suggest they were wrong .
The common - sense idea that in the spring , the sun warms up the water column until it hits a key threshold and suddenly comes alive was formalized in 1953 by Norwegian oceanographer Harald Sverdrup .
But the true beginning of the plankton blooms probably begins in the dark of winter .
“ We found that the north Atlantic bloom was starting much earlier than we thought and it did n’t coincide with an improvement in the growth conditions from the phytoplankton , ” Michael Behrenfeld , an phytoplankton ecologist at Oregon State University .
“ It started in January . ”
Plankton blooms are a hot topic in the earth sciences because they are one determinant of how big a carbon reservoir the oceans can be .
That ’s important for climate science generally , and for would - be geoengineers specifically .
A new fundamental understanding of plankton blooms could change the way we model our climate now and long into the future .
Phytoplankton harness the energy of the sun and draw on nutrients in the ocean like nitrogen , iron , and other elements that land plants get from soil .
So , Sverdrup and others focused on solar and nutrient availability as the key to their growth .
But Behrenfeld found that the phytoplankton ’s growth rate started to accelerate in mid-winter , when the conditions for their growth were presumably the worst .
“ When we said [ the blooms ] are beginning in the middle of winter , it meant that the basic understanding of what causes the blooms was wrong , ” he said .
He floated an alternative thesis at a NASA event last month , which he says squares better with the new data .
During the winter months , cold winds blowing across the water cool the top surface layers .
Cold water sinks , pushing up some warmer water , which gets cooled itself and drops .
The process creates convection and carries the tiny plankton through a much larger volume of the ocean , diluting them .
When the phytoplankton are spread out , it ’s harder for the zooplankton that eat them to find them .
Suddenly , the phytoplankton can breed like crazy without as much interference by predators .
As spring arrives , the temperature of the surface water and the layers underneath it equalize .
The convection stops .
The water stops mixing .
Behrenfeld says that it ’s at that moment — when the phytoplankton get stuck at the top of the ocean — that we notice the blooms .
“ The decoupling between predators and prey occurred before but you start seeing the effect when the mixing stops , ” he said .
If he ’s right , the new model would have dramatic implications for ocean health in a warming world .
If a warmer ocean is all that ’s needed to spark plankton blooms , then global warming would lead to larger and larger blooms .
With Behrenfeld ’s model , a warming ocean would hurt the blooms .
Considering that the blooms are the base of the oceanic food chain , that would hurt species ranging from the tiniest fish to the largest whales .
How did the winter plankton blooms not show up in previous data ?
Well , mostly because very few research vessels want to be bobbing around the north Atlantic in January .
Behrenfeld thinks that introduced a bias in the data that seemed to show that the blooms began suddenly in the spring , when more researchers were out looking for them .
Sadly , the excellent satellite that ’s provided Behrenfeld ’s data — the SeaWIFS — has been on the fritz for the last year .
While new fixes keep it working in fits and starts , full datasets do n’t seem likely to get beamed down from on high .
While the MODIS satellite provides some of the SeaWIFS functionality , it wo n’t provide the exact same data as older satellite , making long - term studies more difficult .
No replacement for SeaWIFS is on the horizon .
See Also :
Animation : NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
This LT work should be editions containing the complete text of Jules Verne 's 1869 novel , Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea .
Please do not combine it with any abridgements , adaptations , young readers ' versions ( see working list , below ) , pop -up books , Chick - fil - A editions , graphic novels , annotated editions , multi- title compendiums , single volumes of a multi-volume edition , or other , similar works based on the original .
Thank you .
Working list of abridged editions not to be combined with the standard editions - Best Loved Books for Young Children , Children 's Classics , Great Illustrated Classics , Treasury of Illustrated Classics , Classics Illustrated , Classic Starts Series , Saddleback Illustrated , Stepping Stone Books , Now Age Classics , Young Collectors , ( believe it or not ) American Short Stories , Deans Children 's Classics , anything by Malvina Vogel , Van Gool Adventure Series , Bring the Classics to Life ,
Note :
The 1990 ed. of the Great Illustrated Classics contains the complete text ( per L of C ) , ISBN 0895773473 .
This is a comic book adaptation of the work by Jules Verne .
Please , do not combine with the original novel .
This is a youg reader adaptation of the original Jules Verne 's Novel .
Please , do not combine with the original one .
Thanks
Please do not combine this work with either the film adaptations or with Jules Verne 's original book .
If you have a copy of this work , please consider supplying the name of the director ( if it is a film adaptation ) or the name of the author ( if it is a book ) .
A chimera of crappy Amazon third - party reseller data that has " 20,000 leagues under the sea
by Jules Verne " as the apparent author / title but the ISBN and associated cover of the Denoël / Présence du Futur french translation of " A Canticle for Leibowitz " .
show all 6 items )
Annotated editions of works may include substantially more material than the original work .
Thus , annotated editions generally should not be combined with un -annotated editions .
A surreal bit of audio , not merely because it defies expectations but because his logic for dismissing the Birthers is so … un-Beck-ian .
His first point :
Even if there ’s something to the claims , we should let it go because a serious challenge to The One ’s natural - born status could result in civil war .
Fair enough , but is n’t Beck “ Mr. Constitution ” ?
Known to wear t- shirts that read “ Since 1791 ” ?
Given to updating certain pamphlets that were influential in the country ’s founding ?
Seems strange that he ’s suddenly willing to look the other way at a constitutional requirement for the presidency in the interest of civic order .
His second point is odder :
By chasing the birth certificate down a rabbit hole , he says , conservatives make it easier for the left to discredit their meritorious political arguments by association .
Which is entirely true , but , um , is Glenn Beck really the guy to be lecturing anyone about that ?
Newsflash :
Of the two exceedingly unlikely conspiracy theories we ’ve covered on the site this week , it ai n’t Birtherism that ’s the more far - fetched .
401k , Traditional IRA and Roth IRA Savings Not The Same
Almost every week , I read an article telling me how big of a nest egg I need to retire comfortably , and almost every time , I think about my own retirement funds and try to compare it to the guidelines .
Yet , every single time , I ask myself :
Is the retirement savings being referred to a post or pretax amount ?
It seems like minor detail , which makes the point all the more important .
Pretax retirement savings does not equal post tax funds .
Make sure you take this into account when you do your retirement planning , or risk a true awakening when you can least afford it .
What I ’m saying sounds obvious now , but many people seem to forget that taxes will eat up a good portion of the 401k .
Just because you have $ 30,000 in the plan does n’t equate to the same amount in your online savings account .
How You Should Look at Your Retirement
When I do a quick tally of my retirement savings , I discount 40 % of any account that will still be taxed .
For example , any retirement accounts like the SEP IRA , Traditional IRA , and 401k is worth less than the number you see on your statement .
Others , like the Roth IRA or your taxable investment account , is worth the full amount .
This sounds trivial , but let ’s use a hypothetical example to drive home this important point .
Let ’s say that Joe has the following saved up :
Traditional IRA ( rolled over from previous work ) - $ 60,000 401k – $ 22,000 Roth IRA – $ 8,000 Savings – $ 8,000
Total = $ 98,000
Having close to $ 100,000 for retirement already saved up is a substantial amount , but is it really that much ?
If we discount the taxes that he will incur come retirement , the numbers become ( I just take a simple 30 % off as a quick , dirty and conservative way of doing this ) :
Traditional IRA – $ 48,000 401k – $ 17,600 Roth IRA – $ 8,000 Savings – $ 8,000
Total = $ 81,600
$ 81,600 is not too shabby , but it ’s not quite $ 100,000 .
Okay , You Have My Attention , Now What
Even though the point I ’m making is fairly obvious , many of us do n’t think about the true value of our nest egg when we just glance at our 401k and IRA statements every quarter .
If you are actively planning for your retirement , I strongly suggest doing a similar calculation and see if you are still on track .
If anything , you will be more conservative and have more money to spend in retirement – hardly a bad situation .
Here Are Two More Retirement Savings Options You Might Not Have Considered
And now that you are thinking about the difference of pre-tax and post - tax retirement savings , let ’s take a look at another two options you hear about less often .
Most people are familiar with the standard retirement savings accounts — 401 ( k ) s , Traditional IRAs and Roth IRAs .
Each has its advantages and disadvantages when it comes to contribution limits , tax breaks , and the ability to maximize your portfolio .
And many of these depend on where you ’re at in your life , career , and finances .
For instance , many financial advisors say Roth IRAs are a better bet for younger workers , and that IRAs , in general , are a better choice than an employer - sponsored 401 ( k ) since they allow you to choose your provider and give you more investment options .
But there are a few other retirement savings account options you might not be aware of that could be better for you , financially .
Two of them include the Simplified Employee Pension ( SEP ) - IRA and the Health Savings Account ( HSA ) .
Let ’s look at how these retirement savings options work and who might ( or might not ) be the best candidate for them .
Simplified Employee Pension ( SEP ) -IRA
This one was new to me , so I ’m guessing it could be new to you , too .
This is probably because it does n’t apply to you , but I ’ll let you make that judgment .
The SEP - IRA is designed for solopreneurs or entrepreneurs with only a few employees .
This retirement savings account has a higher annual contribution limit ( $ 55,000 per year in 2018 , and no more than 25 % of your self - employment income ) than traditional IRAs .
That ’s good news for business owners who want to maximize their retirement income .
This type of account is also unique in that the contributions you make wo n’t count against your IRA contribution limit because you ’re making them as an employer , not an employee .
In other words , you could have both types of accounts and still get the most bang for your retirement buck .
And , finally , you ’ll have more options and freedom of choice than you would with a 401 ( k ) .
Of course , there are downsides .
The biggest one is for those who have employees .
If you contribute a certain percentage of your income to a SEP - IRA and you have employees , you ’re required to contribute the same amount to SEP - IRAs for each of them .
Basically , if you ’re a solopreneur who is officially self - employed or has a significant side - gig , a SEP - IRA is worth looking into .
Health Savings Account ( HSA )
Are you already questioning how an account that ’s paired with a high - deductible insurance plan and is designed to offset out - of - pocket medical expenses could also be a valid retirement savings option ?
I was .
The secret is that , during your working years , you can only use HSA contributions for qualifying medical expenses .
But , after age 65 , you can use the money for anything .
Neat , huh ?
Unlike its cousin , the flexible spending account ( FSA ) , you do n’t “ use it or lose it , ” so you can continue to grow the amount until retirement age .
You also are n’t obligated to start withdrawing funds at age 65 if you do n’t need it yet .
The coolest thing about HSAs is their tax break potential .
Contributions to HSAs are pre-tax or tax - deductible , distributions are tax - free , and any dividends , interest , or gains you make are also untaxed .
Some financial experts say this is one of the most tax - advantaged ways to save for retirement .
To open an HSA , you need to have a high - deductible health insurance plan with no other insurance on the side .
You also ca n’t be eligible for Medicare or be claimed as a dependent on someone ’s tax return .
On the downside , high - deductible health plans can make it hard to pay for your medical expenses .
If you have a lot of medical bills during your working years , the payoffs of an HSA after retirement might not be worth it to you .
Which Retirement Savings Option is Best for You ?
These two options are just that – more potential ways to maximize your retirement savings now , and your income later down the road .
Choosing a retirement savings vehicle is a very personal decision that draws on your age , where you ’re at in your career , and your personal risk tolerance .
It ’s important to explore all your options , seek advice from trusted professionals , and ultimately , to remember that saving for retirement — in any fashion — is better than not saving at all .
Editor 's Note : I 've begun tracking my assets through Personal Capital .
I 'm only using the free service so far and I no longer have to log into all the different accounts just to pull the numbers .
And with a single screen showing all my assets , it 's much easier to figure out when I need to rebalance or where I stand on the path to financial independence .
They developed this pretty nifty 401K Fee Analyzer that will show you whether you are paying too much in fees , as well as an Investment Checkup tool to help determine whether your asset allocation fits your risk profile .
The platform literally takes a few minutes to sign up and it's free to use by following this link here .
For those trying to build wealth , Personal Capital is worth a look .
Turn your driver 's license into a musical instrument .
Embed :
A reader just wrote in the comments :
Aww , the red and black lines are coming together in bipartisanship !
Particularly troubling is that this is n’t just one poll .
Pollster.com aggregates all the polls out there , so that you can see which ones are clearly wrong , and more generally , you can see the trend over time .
Move your mouse over the graphic , you can spot individual polls .
Castrol 's built a robotic motorcyclist that looks like it is here to kill ( or save ) John Connor .
Its true purpose is more mundane : testing synthetic motor oil .
Castrol calls her Flossie and says she can throw her automaton leg over anything on two wheels .
The company claims Flossie has the ability to " learn " the optimal way to use the clutch and throttle and run through the gears .
Flossie 's mission is to provide a constant during testing .
Unlike mere humans , our robotic overlords can replicate a procedure over and over and over again without fatigue , complaint or bathroom breaks .
" This ensures exceptional test repeatability and reliability of data allowing oil to oil evaluation to be performed quickly and effectively , " a Castrol engineer said in a statement .
Flossie , however , can't balance without assistance .
And we 're guessing she can't do a wheelie or stoppie .
But who knows ?
One day she might be able to do such things and cock a shotgun with one hand while being chased by a burning 18 - wheeler .
Video after the jump .
Photo : Castrol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_iK10faDGk
Do we cry because it makes us feel good , or because it cleanses us of stressful chemicals ?
Or , as Oren Hasson now theorizes , is a good cry just a way to get attention and gain acceptance ?
Image
We shed tears when in pain , but what purpose does crying have ?
A scientist now proposes a new theory for why crying evolved — tears can act as handicaps to show you have lowered your defenses .
" Crying is a highly evolved behavior , " said researcher Oren Hasson , an evolutionary biologist at Tel Aviv University in Israel .
" My analysis suggests that by blurring vision , tears lower defenses and reliably function as signals of submission , a cry for help , and even in a mutual display of attachment and as a group display of cohesion . "
The shedding of tears due to emotions is unique to humans .
In the past , researchers suggested that crying helps carry stressful chemicals away from the body , or that it simply makes us feel better , or that it lets babies signal health problems .
Now Hasson points out that when tears blur vision , they could readily handicap aggressive behavior .
As such , tears reliably signal vulnerability , a strategy that can emotionally bind others closer to you .
Hasson suggested the use of tears could be to build and strengthen personal relationships .
For instance , " you can show that you are submissive to an attacker , and therefore potentially elicit mercy from an enemy , or you could attract sympathy from others , and perhaps gain their strategic assistance , " he told LiveScience .
Also , by sharing tears with others , " if you can get a mutual display of lowered defenses , that means we can bond , that shows that we are really friends who share the same emotions , " Hasson said .
" This is strictly human . "
" Of course , " Hasson added , " the efficacy of this evolutionary behavior always depends on who you 're with when you cry those buckets of tears , and it probably wo n't be effective in places , like at work , when emotions should be hidden . "
This new concept from Hasson " offers the most plausible hypothesis about the evolved function of tears and crying , " said evolutionary psychologist David Buss at the University of Texas at Austin , who did not participate in this study .
" Others have speculated about possible function of tears , but the notion that they operate through handicapping is highly original . "
Hasson detailed his research in the journal Evolutionary Psychology .
A new networking technology called Disruption Tolerant Networking ( DTN ) could give astronauts direct Internet access within a year .
The technology currently is being tested aboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) , and could lead towards what has been dubbed the " Interplanetary Internet " .
DTN communications protocol is a like TCP / IP , which defines how information is encoded and routed through a network .
However , while TCP / IP deals with a continuous end - to - end network of Internet hosts and computers , DTN deals with spacecraft whose communications may be disrupted as they travel .
DTN deals with disruptions by storing unsent data packets in a queue until conditions allow for them to be transmitted .
The so - called " store - and - forward " method could withstand disruptions of seconds , hours or even days , said Kevin Gifford , a researcher at the University of Colorado at Boulder who is working with NASA to develop DTN .
Compared to the manually scheduled , point - to - point links that are currently used for communications between ground stations and spacecraft , DTN could lower costs and enable new , more complex space missions .
Depending on the physical wireless networking layer on which DTN operates , an Interplanetary Internet could transmit information at the speed of light , across " millions of miles " , Gifford said .
In May , the researchers launched a DTN - enabled payload to the International Space Station ( ISS ) , which is to be the first permanent node of the Interplanetary Internet .
The technology currently is being tested in what Gifford called the " big five requirements for a network " : routing ; naming ; addressing ; security ; and quality of service .
By late 2010 , DTN could enable astronauts truly to Twitter from space , Gifford said , referring to NASA astronaut Mike Massimino 's recent foray into microblogging .
DTN could also be applied on Earth , to improve wireless Internet on aircraft , third world connectivity or for wildlife tracking , he noted , adding that the researchers do not have commercialisation plans .
" We 're developing this as an open standard , much like TCP / IP .
It certainly has commercial applications , but we 're developing it for space . "
" The fundamental DTN concepts of storing and forwarding certainly has worked , " Gifford told itnews .
" [ But ] DTN is in its infancy ; it will be three to five years before it matures . "
The researchers are currently in discussions with the European Space Agency and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency to install DTN on their respective ISS modules in mid-2010 .
Govt ignores evidence against prison privatisation
PSA Media Release
August 12 , 2009
For Immediate Use
Govt continues to ignore evidence against prison privatisation
“ The government is pressing ahead with privatising prisons despite evidence showing private prisons cost more and deliver a reduced service , ” says PSA national secretary Richard Wagstaff .
Today Finance Minister Bill English told the New Zealand Council for Infrastructure : " There is a range of opportunities for more private sector participation in prisons - from the current approach where input is limited to construction , right through to designing , financing , building , maintaining and operating facilities . ”
Mr English added : " We 've asked Corrections to look at alternatives to conventional procurement for delivering new prison capacity , including a new prison .
We 're happy to proceed with that if the case stacks up , with decisions taken early next year . "
“ The government has already introduced a Bill to allow private companies to manage private prisons , ” says Richard Wagstaff .
“ Now Bill English is saying there may be a decision early next year that could involve a private company running a prison . ”
“ This is alarming when experience in New Zealand and overseas shows that private prisons are more expensive and provide a worse service , ” says Richard Wagstaff .
The United States Bureau of Justice Assistance has found that cost - savings promised by private prisons “ have simply not materialized . ”
In September last year , figures from the National Crime Prevention Council , showed inmates released from private prisons in the United States had higher re-offending rates ( 33 % ) than those released from public prisons ( 30 % ) .
“ We know that it cost an Australian company more to run the Auckland Remand Prison from 2000 to 2005 than if Corrections had continued running it , ” * says Richard Wagstaff . “
“ This is despite the company providing a reduced service by refusing to admit prisoners after 6.30 pm if they arrived late from court or on a transfer from another prison . ”
“ We know that privately - run Peterborough prison was ranked the worst prison in England and Wales last year . ”
“ It had a poor record for organisational effectiveness , decency and reducing re-offending . ”
“ In the face off all the evidence showing the negative impact of privatising prisons the government remains determined to purse this failed policy . ”
“ The only explanation appears to be that it ’s blindly pursuing a free market ideology , ” says Richard Wagstaff .
* Figures from the Corrections Department show that it cost the Australian company that managed the Auckland Remand Prison from 2000 to 2005 , $ 43,000 per inmate to run the prison .
Corrections operating costs per remand prisoner were $ 36,000 .
The company was contracted by a National - led government .
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Elfed Thomas , CEO , i3 Group explained :
“ i3 has developed innovative low cost methods of building fibre optic networks .
The models , which include
“ Last year , i3 Group ’s subsidiary “ i3 has developed innovative low cost methods of building fibre optic networks .
The models , which include Fibrecity and Fibrezone networks , are the foundation for addressing connectivity issues in the UK and it makes sense to extend these operations into Ireland .
“ Last year , i3 Group ’s subsidiary Fibrecity Holdings announced it would be deploying the first of ten Fibrecity networks over the next ten years .
These town and city - wide networks , capable of delivering next generation services , will connect all new and existing homes bringing a true fibre to the home ( FTTH ) experience . ”
H2O Ireland
Fibre optic broadband developer i3 Group ( H2O Networks ) has today launched a Joint Venture with Terra Solutions , a pipeline specialist , to address broadband and connectivity issues in Ireland by building next generation 100 M bps fibre optic FTTH networks through the country 's underground sewers .
The company will operate asand will have offices in Newry in the North initially , with plans to extend into the Republic by opening an operations centre based in Dublin later in the year .
Fibrecity networks in Bournemouth ( UK ) are already underway and work on Fibrecity Dundee is due to start at the end of this summer .
H2O Ireland already has plans to start work on a Fibrecity network in the next twelve months .
Internet - Hoster Landgericht verbietet Rapidshare Datentausch für 5000 Songs
Die Gema klagt erfolgreich gegen den Web - Dienst Rapidshare , der für Privatleute Daten im Web speichert .
Das Landgericht Hamburg urteilt : Rapidshare muss verhindern , dass bestimmte Musiktitel hochgeladen werden .
How does Ulrika 's new ' teenage ' body make real women feel - envy or just despair ?
Here I am , standing in my office surrounded by lots of scrunched - up sheets of newspaper .
I ’ve just been looking at pictures of Ulrika Jonsson in her bikini , and the sight has made me so depressed I chucked the whole thing across the room .
Ulrika looks fantastic in those pictures , as well she might .
She ’s just spent £ 11,000 to have a post - pregnancy body overhaul .
The money has given her back ‘ the body I had when I was 16 ’ , with a gorgeous flat stomach and perky breasts .
She looks fantastic and feels it , swearing that she has ‘ waited 41 years to feel this good ’ .
Fantastic : Ulrika Johnson has got the body ' she had when she was 16 ' again
Good for you , Ulrika .
In making yourself feel better , you ’ve just helped make the rest of us feel a lot worse .
You ’ve just raised the bar , yet again , for standards of attractiveness
and acceptability of a woman ’s body post - motherhood , or over 30 .
And you know , we really needed someone to do that , because frankly the rest of us were just starting to get a bit slack on that front .
Sometimes , we have babies and decide not to think seriously about dieting for a couple of months .
And even when we eventually get the weight off - all except that pesky last half stone that just wo n’t budge - we might only go to the gym a couple of times a week .
I know . . . it ’s disgusting .
And do n’t get me started on ‘ older ’ women .
You might not believe this , Ulrika , but there are some women over 40 , just like you , who ’ve really let things slide .
They ’ve tinted their hair and watched their weight - and thought they could just stop there !
Some of them are crazed enough to wish people would value their experience and intelligence , when we all know what they really need is a perfect set of abdominal muscles .
Thank goodness we have celebrities like Ulrika to show us how it should be
done , and to remind us where our real priorities lie .
We look at her picture , and so do our husbands and boyfriends , and we ’re all thinking the same thing : that is
how we should look .
That ’s how a middle - aged mother of four can and should be .
And if we do n’t look like that , it ’s because we do n’t want it badly enough .
We ’re just not trying .
Top heavy : Ulrika hated her breasts
And how fair is that on our poor men ?
Naturally , they do n’t want to have sex with a woman who possesses what another columnist on this newspaper calls a ‘ porridgey stomach ’ .
And what about our children ?
Do we want them to be ashamed of us as we slouch along to the school gates , without the option to go braless ?
Oh , all right , I know it ’s not fair to blame Ulrika for this trend .
She did n’t make the rules - and she ’s just one in a long , long line of celebrity mothers who are sporting bodies and faces that deny their age .
But there she is in that bikini , mocking the rest of us .
Celebrities are role models and incredibly powerful as influences on all women .
They ca n’t make their living from being photographed from every angle , interviewed on every aspect of their life and beamed down at us from posters , and then claim innocently to be ‘ just doing what works for them ’ .
An ability to fork out half the minimum wage on breast augmentation might be good for an individual woman , but it is bad for women as a whole .
It ’s creating a culture in which we ’re engaged in an all - out war with our bodies and the ageing process .
That ’s a war no one can win , but rather than acknowledge that fact , we ’re caught up in a miserable collective madness that means we ’re driven to more and more extreme lengths to stay in the game .
So we ’ve moved seamlessly from facials and cosmetic peels to lunchtime facelifts and whole body surgeries .
Meanwhile , those of us who ca n’t or wo n’t go that far feel inadequate about our ‘ real world ’ bodies .
What makes me angry is n’t the fact of cosmetic surgery - it ’s only a symptom of the poisonous power of celebrity culture .
What began as a menu of options to help women feel better or more empowered has become an unbearable pressure in which we no longer have the choice not to engage .
We can no longer say , with conviction , where the line between ‘ normal ’ and ‘ dangerous obsession ’ ends .
What ’s the difference , really , between dying your hair and liposuction ?
If we diet and work out , why not reach the bits that diet and exercise can’t with surgery ?
In a world that ’s become shaped by celebrity role models and the seductive power of ‘ transformation ’ , we can no longer tell the difference .
It leaves all of us dissatisfied , and feeling anxious and inadequate , obsessing about our bodies and neglecting or undervaluing everything else in our lives .
So , thanks for that Ulrika .
Thanks a lot .
How has she done it ?
She says her life has been transformed after spending £ 11,000 on reduction , lift and reshaping of her breasts .
But as Ulrika strolled on the beach in Los Angeles this week , with her flat stomach and stretched belly button , it seemed her chest was not the only part of her body to have received surgical attention .
Yesterday , she said everything but her new breasts was down to running around after her four children .
If so , the results are miraculous .
JENNY STOCKS asked London plastic surgeon Mark Ho -Asjoe to assess every aspect of her remarkable new look ...
Turning back the clock : Ulrika Jonsson shows off her post - surgery figure while on holiday in Los Angeles this week ( left ) and how she looked in 2003 ( right )
MAKING IT LAST
Mark says : ‘ It ’s not obvious in this photograph , as she is not laughing or frowning , but past pictures suggest Ulrika might have had Botox .
The tell - tale sign is when someone can’t wrinkle their forehead when they look up .
The forehead can also get shiny as it is n’t used , as seen on Madonna .
The treatment , which is usually administered around the eyes , forehead and nose area , stops the muscles from contracting .
Many women this age use it to smooth out wrinkles . ’
UNDERARMS
Mark says : ‘ When you have large breasts , you always have some excess tissue under the arms called accessory breast tissue .
Some people can get quite a bulge here despite being thin , but it can easily be removed at the same time as a mastoplexy ( breast lift ) .
Ulrika admits to having had work on this area , which probably happened at the same time as her breast surgery — you either remove it with liposuction or cut it out . ’
TUMMY
Mark says : ‘ Ulrika has an enviable washboard stomach , but this does n’t quite fit with a woman who has had four children .
I ’ve had patients who have run marathons and are really fit , but they always still have loose skin on the stomach .
Even Julia Roberts has a bit of wrinkled skin .
‘ When you stretch the skin in your 20s , it will often return to normal , but when you repeatedly stretch it , it loses elasticity .
So it ’s certainly possible Ulrika ’s had work on her stomach to look that good .
She could have had liposuction with a mini abdominoplasty , otherwise known as a mini tummy tuck , or she might even have had a full one .
‘ A full tummy tuck pulls the skin from the upper part of the stomach down over the lower stomach .
It leaves a scar around the belly button , as it has to be repositioned .
A mini tummy tuck does n’t touch the belly button , as the skin is yanked down on either side around it .
Not everyone is suitable for this procedure , but celebrities often like it , as it does n’t leave a scar .
‘ Ulrika could also have had her muscle repaired in her lower stomach .
There are two muscles called the rectus abdominis in the lower middle part of the stomach .
When women have children , the muscle spreads to accommodate the baby and often does n’t come back together again , especially after multiple pregnancies .
Surgery can repair this damage and close the gap between the muscles . ’
BELLY BUTTON
Her body might be slightly twisted in the pictures , but there is no disguising the fact that Ulrika ’s belly button seems to be slightly to the right of centre , and perhaps rather too high on her stomach .
Mark says : ‘ During tummy - tuck surgery , a new hole is cut for the belly button , so it is down to the surgeon ’s precision to position it correctly .
With a full tummy tuck , the upper skin is pulled down and the lower skin is removed , so the surgeon has to cut a new hole for the belly button .
It remains attached to the stomach wall , so when a hole is cut it pokes back through .
If the hole is n’t positioned correctly , it can go off - centre .
The tell - tale sign of a tummy tuck is a scar around the belly button , but it ’s not always apparent in pictures . ’
FACE
Mark says : ‘ She is on holiday , but Ulrika ’s face looks very fresh for a woman of 41 .
In pictures from last year , her cheeks were sagging down , but now they ’re tighter and appear much less lined .
This might be because she has lost some weight ,
but in my opinion , she ’s had a surgical procedure done too , possibly IPL ( intense pulsed light ) .
‘ IPL is a needle - free treatment — it acts like a laser , but uses radio frequency on the face to leave the skin looking rejuvenated .
The theory is that the heat which is generated by the laser results in a tightening of the dermis — the layer of skin just below the surface — and stimulates collagen production without damaging the skin .
‘ Otherwise , she might have had a cosmetic filler injected into her cheeks to replenish the facial volume .
As you get older , your cheeks start coming down , and fillers can help hold the skin up a bit better . ’
BREASTS
Swelled up : Ulrika reached an I Cup
Ulrika had a 32 AA chest as a teenager , but by her early 20s she had grown to a D cup .
During her four pregnancies her breasts swelled , reaching an I cup .
Earlier this year , she spent £ 11,000 on a reduction to a 32C , and got her breasts lifted at the same time , leaving her with what she ’s happily described as ‘ the breasts of a 16 - year - old ’ .
Mark says : ‘ A mastoplexy like this is quite common in women in their 40s who have finished with pregnancies .
The breasts look more proportionate to her size now she is quite thin .
But while they appeared plump and rounded for her first post - surgery photoshoot , they have now drooped ( which is natural , after the swelling from the operation has gone down ) and are much lower .
‘ During the procedure , the plastic surgeon would have removed breast tissue and excess skin , possibly re-sited the nipple , moved breast tissue upwards and tightened the skin .
‘ When you remove breast tissue and have an uplift , you should have quite round breasts .
But after a couple of months , depending on the type of breast tissue , they can drop .
‘ Surgery like Ulrika has had does n’t work as well for women who have had multiple pregnancies .
As the glands in the breasts shrink with age , the breast tissue becomes less firm .
Even implants wo n’t help because they add more weight , and gravity is constantly
working on the breasts . ’
HIPS / LEGS
Mark says : ‘ I believe Ulrika could have had some liposuction to the sides of her hips and thighs .
Her hips are a boyish shape , with no bulging at the side .
When a woman wears a skirt just below the waist , there is usually some bulge at the top , however small .
‘ This masculine shape is very hard to achieve through exercise .
If it is solely down to working out , whoever her personal trainer is , I ’m very impressed .
‘ You can easily combine liposuction with a tummy tuck , and the procedure is very common on women of all ages , because excess fat around the hip joint is notoriously hard to shift .
‘ While Ulrika ’s look is quite androgynous , surgeons do n’t have to take out all the fat during the procedure .
It ’s now called lipocontouring or liposculpture , a procedure where you can just ‘ sculpt ’ the sides of the hip by taking out smaller amounts of fat . ’
Managing a huge collection of research papers has been the bane of scholars , no doubt since the beginning of written scholarship itself .
In my particular case , mismanagement led to file cabinets stuffed with misfiled , crumpled , duplicate , and sometimes incomplete unreadable copies .
Good luck finding papers or searching through the ones you may have forgotten about .
The arrival of the PDF file , optical character recognition , and published online journals has presented a slightly different set of searching and sorting problems .
Still , the organization problem remains .
The desktop version of Mekentosj ’s Papers ( ) brings the ability to manage journal articles , search your library and search the most common online repositories into a single desktop program .
Now , Mekentosj brings this capability to the iPhone for on - the - go scholarship .
Papers for iPhone tries to replicate much of the functionality of its desktop cousin and provides tools for reading and searching for scholarly articles .
On the management and reading side , Papers for iPhone allows for synchronization of up to 1,000 papers from the desktop via a wireless connection .
Files are specified by folder , in a way similar to the synchronization of iPhoto image collections and iTunes playlists .
Read more …
If you ’re not using your quota of 1,000 there is the ability to synchronize random files based on a given criteria .
You can also constrain the direction of the synchronization — files can be synchronized only from the desktop to the iPhone or can be synchronized bidirectionally , allowing any new papers acquired on the iPhone to be copied back to the desktop library .
I ’ve not found the auto - fill capability particularly useful but I suppose there are folks who occasionally need a random read .
The second major piece of the app ’s functionality is its ability to search online databases .
Version 1.1 provides access to the ACM , ADS , arXiv , Google Scholar , IEEE Xplore , JSTOR , PubMed , and Web of Science databases .
These are largely science - centric databases with JSTOR being the most broad .
Interfacing with the wide variety of search engines is a bit challenging , as is evidenced by the fact that Google Scholar searches were broken in Papers ’ initial release as a result of changes made by Google .
The desktop version of Papers allows the various search components to be updated ‘ live ’ and Mekentosj has been quick to update when search providers change their products .
Due to the constraints of the iTunes App Store , Papers for iPhone wo n’t be nearly as nimble when new updates are necessary since each update has to be cleared through Apple ’s vetting process .
Switching between search engines on the mobile version of Papers is a little confusing , as there ’s no obvious way to switch once you have started a search .
You must click in the search box , as if to enter new search terms , and the list of search engines appears .
I also experienced significant difficulty with the app ’s proxy capability ( e.g. the ability to access the search engines as though you ’re on your institution ’s network even when you ’re not ) .
Sometimes I was able to get connected and authenticated but , even when authentication was successful , downloading PDFs was a mixed bag — sometimes it worked , sometimes it did n’t .
Some of this is likely due to idiosyncrasies of some sites ( I had the most trouble trying to get papers via ScienceDirect ) and their interaction with the iPhone ’s WebKit implementation .
Still , if Papers for the iPhone is going to be truly useful , this needs to be worked out .
I found the app ’s preferences slightly annoying in that they live in two locations , neither entirely intuitive .
Some settings are in the “ Help Center ” while others are buried in the search engine panel .
However , on the iPhone , preferences are a bit messy across the board — some live in Settings , while others are located in specific apps .
Papers adds yet another confusing paradigm .
If you need access to scholarly research on - the - go , then Papers is certainly the go - to application on the iPhone and iPod touch .
Unfortunately , this early release is reminiscent of the initial release desktop cousin — a great start that falls flat in a few areas .
If the trajectory of updates are similar , I ’d expect to see a more solid , usable application very soon .
Papers is compatible with any iPhone or iPod touch running the iPhone 2.x software update .
[ Flip Phillips is an associate professor of psychology and director of the neuroscience program at Skidmore College . ]
El mundo de la informática cambia constantemente y la aparición continua de lenguajes de programación es un buen ejemplo .
¿ Pero sabes cuáles son los lenguajes de programación más utilizados en 2020 ?
Ya sea porque desea aumentar su conocimiento o porque va a comenzar un nuevo proyecto , conocer los lenguajes de programación actuales le será útil .
Hay varios indicadores que pueden …
But King is not alone in believing that the US should be less restrained by moral qualms than Iranians demand of their own illegitimate regime .
Indeed , much of the American people , especially evangelical Christians , expect less in terms of human rights from their own government than Iranians do of theirs ' .
In fact , American evangelicals are much more pro-torture in this respect than many Iranian Muslims .
This is what Bush and Cheney truly achieved in their tragic response to 9/11 : two terribly failed , brutally expensive wars , the revival of sectarian warfare and genocide in the Middle East , the end of America 's global moral authority , the empowerment of Iran 's and North Korea 's dictatorships , and the nightmares of Gitmo and Bagram still haunting the new administration .
But what they did to the culture - how they systematically dismantled core American values like the prohibition on torture and respect for the rule of law - is the worst and most enduring of the legacies .
One political party in this country is now explicitly pro-torture , and wants to restore a torture regime if it regains power .
Decent conservatives for the most part simply looked the other way .
Unless these cultural forces in defense of violence and torture are defeated - not appeased or excused , but defeated - America will never return the way it once was .
Electing a new president was the start and not the end of this .
He is flawed , as every president is , but in my view , the scale of the mess he inherited demands some slack .
Any new criminal investigation which scapegoats those at the bottom while protecting the guilty men and women who made it happen is a travesty of justice .
If it is the end and not the beginning of accountability , it will be worse than nothing .
But it need not be the end of the story .
Indeed , it can be the beginning if we make it so .
We cannot stop this sad and minuscule attempt to restore a scintilla of accountability to some individuals low down on the totem pole .
Eric
Holder is doing what he can .
But we can continue to lobby and argue for the extension of accountability to the truly guilty men who made all this happen and still refuse to take responsibility for war crimes on a coordinated scale never before seen in American warfare , and initiated by a presidential decision to withdraw from the Geneva Conventions and refuse to abide by their plain meaning and intent .
Our job , in other words , is to raise the core moral baseline of Americans to that of Iranians .
That 's the depth of the hole Cheney dug .
And it 's a hole the current GOP wants to dig deeper and darker .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
When was the last time you looked up something in the phone book ?
What did you do the last time you got a free phone book dropped off on your doorstep–did you recycle it ?
If you ’re like most people these days , your answers to those questions are probably “ I do n’t remember ” and “ No . ”
WhitePages , an online directory service , recently released the results of a survey it conducted indicating that only 15.9 percent of U.S. adults recycle their old or unwanted phone books , and that U.S. citizens are largely unaware of the environmental impact of printing and delivering so many phone books ( five million trees cut down every year ! ) .
WhitePages is sponsoring a “ Ban the Phone Book ” initiative to encourage the creation of “ opt - in ” programs , wherein citizens would only receive a phone book if they requested one .
In the survey , 81 percent of respondents said they ’d support such a program .
Many states currently require phone companies to provide phone books to all landline subscribers , even as the internet threatens to make physical phone books obsolete .
Some states and phone companies already have “ opt - out ” programs , similar to do - not - call registries for telemarketers , allowing subscribers to indicate that they do n’t wish the receive the phone book .
Proponents of “ opt - in ” programs , however , say that they ’re easier for consumers and more effective in reducing waste .
Cincinnati Bell started an opt - in program earlier this year , bringing their White Pages online and only providing the printed version to customers who ask for it .
In Florida , AT&T plans to test out an opt - in program for its White Pages in four cities this fall .
The company is considering a similar program in Missouri ’s metropolitan areas as well .
If your area does n’t have opt - in or opt - out programs yet , you can lobby your local government or landline provider , while in the meantime making sure to recycle the unwanted phone books that get dumped on your doorstep .
Senators Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) and John Kerry ( D - MA ) talked about the process of health care reform on Sunday :
STEPHANOPOULOS :
These insurance reforms , you can't be denied health care if you 're sick .
You can't get thrown out if you 're sick .
A lot of Democrats , Republicans say that maybe we should have this individual mandate , to require people to buy insurance , to couple that with reforms .
Bill Bradley points out today , I think it was in The New York Times , that , you know , maybe they should include some malpractice reform as well .
Are they -- those three things the building blocks of a deal ?
HATCH : Yes , they really are .
You know , Democrats have been unwilling to take on the personal injury lawyers .
And look , there are cases that really deserve huge rewards , huge judgments .
We 've got to find some way of getting rid of the frivolous cases , and most of them are .
Most of them are brought ...
KERRY : And that 's doable , most definitely .
HATCH : Yes , and that 's doable .
Most of them are brought to -- you know , to get the defense costs .
They know that once they bring them , the insurance companies are going to have to pay their defense costs rather than take a chance at a runaway jury .
But it 's not just that .
It 's the other elements you 've been talking about too .
Those are three very important ...
Let 's just wait one minute here .
Bill Bradley ?
Although he has a reputation as a liberal 's liberal , Bradley has never met a tax cut he did n't like .
And when he starts talking about malpractice reform in exchange for healthcare reform , what he 's talking about once again is ordinary people giving up another degree of security and protection against powerful forces to meet some politician 's ideal of centrist compromise .
When approximately five percent of all doctors are responsible for 95 % of all medical malpractice , how is that a legal problem ?
I 'll accept limitations on malpractice awards when we have a national health care system that pays for every service someone needs to deal with with the outcome of bad medicine .
Until then , I 'll keep my torts , thank you .
Enlarge By Robert Hanashiro , USA TODAY Microsoft founder Bill Gates , left , with his father , Bill Gates Sr. , at the family 's compound along the Hood Canal near Seattle .
UNION , Wash .

Everywhere he goes , Bill Gates is escorted by a mythic résumé .
Mercenary software genius .
Self - made billionaire .
Passionate philanthropist .
Everywhere , that is , but here — a tree - studded haven along the Hood Canal near Seattle that has welcomed him and his clan for a half - century .
" Where 's Trey ? " asks Bill Gates Sr. , 83 , using his son's family nickname .
Informed that a planned interview is still an hour away , the 6 - foot - 6 patriarch makes a call by cellphone .
Minutes later , the other Bill Gates , 53 , one of the world 's wealthiest people and the guiding force behind Microsoft , dutifully strolls into the wine room at the Alderbrook Resort , not far from the family 's private compound .
Father and son do not hug .
They do n't have to .
" The Bill Gates of the boardroom and the Bill Gates of this family are two different people , " says investor and close friend Warren Buffett .
" Bill becomes Senior 's son in his presence .
There 's an affection , respect and admiration that goes both ways and is very deep . "
Adds PBS interviewer Charlie Rose , who knows both men : " Who ( the younger ) Bill is today links to a philosophy that comes directly from family . "
In a rare father - son interview with USA TODAY , both Bills take a break from the family 's last - gasp - of - summer bonding over golf and pickleball to discuss everything from raising children to eradicating diseases .
During the talk , the two treat each other with deference .
But there 's a sense that , at least this morning , there 's only one Bill Gates in the room .
It 's the father — the quietly imposing lawyer who recently received the American Bar Association Medal for service to jurisprudence .
Far from retired , Senior in 1999 launched and is now co-chairman of his son's $ 30.2 billion Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation .
It focuses on global health , notably HIV / AIDS and malaria prevention , and education .
The son's admiration is palpable in a foreword to Senior 's recent book , Showing Up for Life : Thoughts on the Gifts of a Lifetime .
His father should tell people that he is " the real Bill Gates , " the son wrote .
" Tell them you 're all the things the other strives to be . "
Although not a fan of interviews , the younger Gates in this setting appears relaxed — jacketless , smiling and even laughing , a sharp contrast to the uncompromising businessman whose baronial success is the result of what some critics say is a domineering hold on the software industry .
The phenomenon known as Bill Gates has roots in childhood summers on this lazy canal , where eight or nine families would take over a rustic stretch of shoreline and play games , host parties and , in a twist , sometimes swap children at dinner .
They dubbed the place Camp Cheerio .
" The kids ( including daughters Kristy , 55 , and Libby , 45 ) got serious exposure to how other families did things and formed judgments — good , bad or indifferent , " Senior says .
Gates says those days made him appreciate his parents ( " You always think yours are strict , until you see otherwise " ) and provided a shortcut to maturity .
" Relating to adults early on was very valuable to me , as was seeing the different dads ' careers , " which ranged from construction to politics , he says .
Matriarch Mary Gates , who died in 1994 , was by all accounts a woman of generosity and discipline .
Her Sunday night dinners , typically starring roast beef and potatoes , required attendance from all three Gates kids well into the years of Microsoft 's boom .
That sense of regimen meant Mary and her precocious son were at loggerheads early .
When Gates was 12 , Senior and Mary hauled him to a counselor .
Those sessions may well have led to the creation of Microsoft .
" My parents still wanted me to come to the table and keep my room clean , " Gates recalls .
Through counseling , " there were huge insights that allowed us to move on quickly . "
Specifically , the marriage counselor ( " I was the only kid in there , " Gates recalls with a chuckle ) told him that his struggle with his parents " to prove that I was in charge or smarter or whatever , that that energy was misapplied .
That in the world at large , they were my allies .
That was very enlightening . "
Senior smiles .
" There 's no getting around the word ' difficult ' when recalling those days , " he says .
" But in fairness , it was typical stuff .
A child developing independence and rejecting control . "
The son rises
The loosening of reins that ensued allowed the son to become , well , Bill Gates .
While in high school , he and buddy Paul Allen developed a " maniacal passion " for the relatively primitive computers of the late 1960s , spending hours writing code for the unwieldy machines installed at their high school and Senior 's alma mater , the University of Washington .
The rest is history : Gates went to Harvard , but left after Allen persuaded him to move to Albuquerque to write software for Altair personal computers .
Wired senior writer Steven Levy met Gates in 1983 , when he was a young mogul on the rise .
He lauds Gates ' evolution .
" He seemed like a teenager then , and I think his parents worried his lack of social skills might affect his career , " Levy says .
" When Gates started his foundation right after the 1998 Microsoft antitrust trial ( in which the company was accused of illegally stifling competition to enhance its monopoly ) , cynics said he was just doing it to polish his image , " Levy says .
" But over time , that 's not proven to be the reason .
He 's done a great job growing up . "
Eventually , Levy says , Gates may be remembered more for his financial giving than his company 's tech innovations .
" Think of the Rockefeller Foundation .
How many people know what business that family was in ? " he says .
" Forty years from now when people mention Gates , I doubt it 'll be because of the kind of operating system he created . "
Last year , Gates ' vision of the world — and his role in it — crystallized when he left Microsoft for a full - time role at the foundation , which he'd tasked his father and a few company intimates to start .
Its importance grew in 2006 with financier Buffett 's commitment of tens of billions .
Senior says it was his late wife 's constant pressure that led his son to turn to philanthropy .
The younger Gates laughs : " Mom always pushed .
But Dad made it easier for me to jump on board now .
Dad advanced my ( foundation ) clock easily a decade with his work and encouragement . "
This is not a giving machine set on auto - pilot .
Most foundations are designed to dole out a dollar amount each year in perpetuity .
Despite taking a 20 % hit to its value in 2008 because of the economic downturn , Gates ' foundation in 2009 has upped its giving from the required philanthropic minimum of 5 % to 7 % ( $ 2.1 billion ) .
Gates has made it clear that all the funds should be paid out 50 years after he and his wife , Melinda , die .
The notion of eliminating malaria might seem daunting , but Gates says education issues often are more vexing than scientific ones .
" The benchmark there is pretty poor , and we 're hoping our focus on libraries , scholarships and teacher effectiveness will help , " he says .
" If the U.S. can figure this issue out , it 'll be a valuable model for the rest of the world . "
Although the foundation has grown from being Senior in his basement with a box of letters to a 700 - plus staff , the effect of expansion actually has been a reduction in requests for funding .
Says Senior : " We 've made it clear how we proceed , how we design projects and then invite others to work with us .
So we 're no longer besieged . "
Going deep into issues rather than spreading the foundation 's money across a range of areas is a significant move , says Stacy Palmer , editor of The Chronicle of Philanthropy , which covers the non-profit world .
" They 've definitely created a broader awareness of philanthropy among a younger generation , as well as an overall quickening of the pace of philanthropy , " she says .
" They can snap their fingers and make things happen . "
Gates travels in the most rarified financial circles .
Does he ask peers to follow his lead in giving ?
" Some , " he says .
" The fact that they can have a big impact can lure them in .
But it 's often daunting to learn enough about these issues .
Particularly with global health , because it 's so far away and a bit of science . "
Gates has turned his passion for software into an obsession with the minutiae of Third World maladies .
He often jogs on a treadmill while watching DVDs of university lectures and repairs to his reading room with scientific research .
He says he has another legacy to consider : his children ( Jennifer , 13 , Rory , 10 , and Phoebe , 6 ) .
How do he and Melinda , 45 , raise kids amid such wealth ?
" It 's everything from going around the dinner table saying what we 're thankful for to going downtown and serving meals together " at a soup kitchen , he says .
There are also occasional trips overseas , most recently to impoverished African towns .
" Exposure from a young age to the realities of the world is a super - big thing , " Gates says .
" You ask the kids right after we leave how it was , and they 'll say it was n't the most fun thing .
But then they 're still talking about it : ' Why did n't those kids have a bathroom ?
Or a soccer field ? '
You do those trips enough and they 'll see the world clearly . "
Still a tech guy Gates ' passion for technology remains .
About 10 % of his time is dedicated to guiding Microsoft .
He 's " particularly involved with ( Internet ) search , " he says , noting that Microsoft 's new Bing search engine " is doing pretty well .
But Google 's dominant , and we 're a distant No. 2 . That said , it 's an area where the room for innovation is incredible , and the desire by advertisers and others to have more than one company pushing the state of the art is strong . "
Like other tech visionaries , he 's convinced that a new mobile gadget unifying " PC , phone and ( a ) reading device " is imminent and likely revolutionary , particularly for the publishing world .
" We 've already got what we call Magic White Boards in Microsoft offices ( sort of like CNN's anchor - manipulated , video - capable maps ) .
Once that stuff is in every office , things will get exciting , " Gates says .
" We 're working on software for it now .
I think it 's three or four years out . "
But for Bill Gates — both of them — much of life is not focused on professional innovations anymore .
It 's about family .
Their own , gathered to appreciate their good fortune and each other , as well as the millions of people who can benefit from the Gates foundation .
Surely there must be both a pressure and a joy being in such a position ?
A long silence follows .
" It 's just so straightforward , " says Senior , sounding like someone asked to explain breathing .
" If there is pressure , it 's to change the inordinate death rate arising from diarrhea in Africa and other poor countries .
When you 're confronted with the data , it make no sense for that to go on . "
It is as emotional a moment as one gets between these two titans of rationalism .
Gates fixes his father with an unwavering gaze before speaking .
" Working on software was an amazing part of my life , " he says .
" But so is this .
You can get a sense of self - importance .
But Dad 's the best at making sure that no matter what we 're doing , we stay humble . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The IRS has its attorneys and tax law experts , and it is important you have professional assistance , too ; both to insulate you from direct contact with the Revenue Agents and Revenue Officers ; but also to correctly walk you through the thicket of IRS procedures and rules that are foreign to taxpayers , some CPAs , and most non -tax attorneys .
Tax law matters can be complicated .
One wrongly worded answer or failure to respond in a timely manner to IRS requests can result in significant tax and / or penalties determined against you .
We are here to assist you with every aspect .
We can chart a strategic course through the complicated tax issues , represent you before the IRS , and reach a reasonable resolution to your tax problems .
by Doug Vance on August 25 , 2009
Modern marketplace thinking destroys our sense of community and solidarity , leaving us alone against predators who will do anything for our money .
We ’re now fiercely individual competitors selling each other memes , tricks , and gimmicks to get ahead of a teeming crowd who might have otherwise been friends and neighbors .
With the severe economic downturn comes the opportunity to review some of our basic values as a civilization .
Utilitarianism cannot work because it is consistently undersupported .
This ideology was never needed for having friendships and community .
It is after all only such collective solidarity that can both build and maintain a utilitarian ideal .
Diversity makes solidarity more difficult in all things save ruthless commerce .
Collective is presently treated as a naughty , unfree word .
As individuals , few people are both mentally wired for charitable compassion and bear the means to deliver this sentiment across a densely populated society .
The greatest good for the greatest number of people has however become a commonplace marketing slogan .
Therapeutic solutions abound for what were always ordinary woes in life .
It seems no part of our isolated lives is untouched by someone else ’s sales pitch .
Even what used to be sacred ideas representing something more important than mankind are infected with marketplace thinking .
We want to show how God meets their needs , makes them happy , and how religion makes them nicer people and how religion will make the world a better place .
In other words , we have a marketplace mentality .
If we can just show people how great God is and how super dooper religion is we ’re sure they ’ll buy the product .
gkupsidedown
Now nothing is higher than mankind , or rather , an individual man ’s free pursuit of self - interest .
What are considered national heroes easily take a back seat to the struggling financial profiles of millions .
Underfinanced memorial construction for national unity against foreign enemies grinds to a halt .
Maybe our economic fixation will help us forget them all so we can get on with our commercial anticulture and individual diversions .
IN September 2004 Gov. James E. McGreevey used a ceremonial shovel to break ground for the New Jersey 9/11 Memorial called â€ œEmpty Sky.â€ 
But more than four years later , little has happened at the 1.6 - acre site on the eastern edge of Liberty State Park that is now ringed with an 8 - foot fence .
Because of a pending legal dispute , a larger - than - expected price tag and a daunting fund - raising challenge , the future of the memorial could even be in doubt .
nytimes
Americans no longer know who they are .
Dwelling in a continental scale shopping center , we are customers and laborers from all corners of the globe , so we are no longer a definite people at all .
We are nothing more than The Haves and The Have Nots , the greatest single social advancement of reductionist modernism under liberal democracy .
The measure could be the nation ’s first citywide , non-emergency curfew to include adults , several experts said .
“ We ’re trying to think outside the box , ” said Mayor Jose Torres .
“ This was triggered predominantly by fear among city residents over the shootings that have been occurring this summer . ” huffingtonpost
Former assurances of a secure future cannot be delivered upon and everyone knows it .
The utilitarian ideal is also set for failure with the decay of social security .
Our giant impersonal bureaucracy is unable to deliver us ease in our retirement years in exchange for a life of taxed labor .
Detached social systems reduce living people to records in database entries .
These systems are no sure replacement for the role once served by family , friends and close community before the New Deal era .
Social Security is also facing long - term financial problems .
The retirement program is projected to start paying out more money than it receives in 2016 .
Without changes , the retirement fund will be depleted in 2037 , according to the Social Security trustees ’ annual report this year .
AP
The expense of foreign adventures to maintain our commercial way of life continues .
Here we find ourselves in the latest of sixty years of nationally divisive military expeditions abroad .
American spirits have not been overwhelmingly dedicated to the last several foreign adventures for sustaining the modern way of life .
Such uniform commitment is however what kept our outgunned opponents from Korea , to Vietnam , to the Middle East tenacious and persistent against us .
Mullen said the security situation in Afghanistan needs to be reversed in the next 12 month to 18 months .
“ I think it is serious and it is deteriorating , and I ’ve said that over the last couple of years , that the Taliban insurgency has gotten better , more sophisticated , ” he said .
Just over 50 percent of respondents to a Washington Post - ABC News poll released this past week said the war in Afghanistan is not worth fighting .
AP
Where did this marketplace thinking that replaced our ages - old native traditions and commitment to our nation come from ?
Although we like to think of ourselves as civilised thinkers , we ’re subconsciously still driven by an impulse for survival , domination and expansion .
This is an impulse which now finds expression in the idea that inexorable economic growth is the answer to everything , and , given time , will redress all the world ’s existing inequalities .
The problem with that , according to Rees and Hern , is that it fails to recognise that the physical resources to fuel this growth are finite .
“ We ’re still driven by growing and expanding , so we will use up all the oil , we will use up all the coal , and we will keep going till we fill the Petri dish and pollute ourselves out of existence , ” he says .
But there ’s another , more recent factor that ’s making things even worse , and it ’s an invention of human culture rather than an evolved trait .
According to Rees , the change took place after the second world war in the US , when factories previously producing weapons lay idle , and soldiers were returning with no jobs to go to .
American economists and the government of the day decided to revive economic activity by creating a culture in which people were encouraged to accumulate and show off material wealth , to the point where it defined their status in society and their self - image .
Rees quotes economist Victor Lebow as saying in 1955 : “ Our enormously productive economy demands that we make consumption our way of life , that we convert the buying and use of goods into rituals , that we seek our spiritual satisfaction and our ego satisfaction in consumption .
We need things consumed , burned up , worn out , replaced and discarded at an ever - increasing rate ” .
newscientist
Where is this liberal democratic progress taking us in the next 10 to 20 years ?
28 minute video Nils Gilman : The Global Illicit Economy
Tags : consumerism , identity
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Obtained : The CIA Documents Dick Cheney Says Vindicate Torture
Created : August 24 , 2009 17:41 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
We ’ve obtained and scanned in the two CIA documents that former Vice President Dick Cheney claims justify his longstanding arguments that torture was an effective interrogation and counterterrorism tool .
As you read them , consider this post as well .
Here they are , after the jump :
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
This was a very good lecture subject .
I thought it very interesting .
Dr. Kelly explained the basics of what evolution is along with the definitions of Facts , Theories , and Hypotheses .
Dr. Kelly explained how being a Christian and a believer in evolution are not mutually exclusive ideas .
She actually stated that evolution makes her faith stronger by the fact that God works in wonderous ways .
She did n't have all the answers , or at least not enough to satisfy the card carrying Creationists .
During the Q and A Creationists basically demanded proof of afterlife since she was so certain of evolution .
Some questions were funny as they tried to stump her on Cambrian Explosion .
Well , she did her dissertation on that subject , shut them up quick .
Other questions had to do with taking the Bible at its word verbatim .
I heard not one clear thought during the Q and A .
It is as if they just waited to speak instead of listening first .
My belief ....
I was surprised by how much I have in common with the Doctor .
I mean besides my supreme science knowledge ( yeah right ) ...
No , I really do feel the same way as she does in a sense .
While I do n't proclaim to be a Christian , I do believe in the Judeo Christian " God " and I believe God created the earth .
I just believe God created the earth and everything in the Universe and science is the result , evolution included .
What a concept !
Creation science is not science .
That is not an opinion , it is just fact .
It should not be taught in public schools , PERIOD .
Thoughts ...
by Michael Davidson
Chapter Five
As is always the case , I wait for the husband to extend his arm – palm facing me , fingers together – and offer me a seat at their dinning - room table with the salt and pepper shakers , calendar from the cleaners .
I accept , wait for him to fill a black coffee mug with spring water .
He asks me if the temperature is too hot in the apartment .
I read the thermostat from where I ’m sitting .
Set at eighty .
Outside it has to be close to ninety , this sweltering metropolis .
No - no , I say .
I say , I ’m alright , unless you ’re hot .
He does n’t hesitate to shake his big head , smile .
If his smirk is n’t in response to the hint of sweat on my brow , to the way the back of my shirt sticks to my skin from excessive perspiration , I ’m not sure what he ’s reacting to .
He hands me my water and sits on the opposite side of the table .
His mug is flowered , in its usual place in front of him , already filled with spring water .
He takes a sip .
Suddenly , his big head goes crimson and his shoulders start .
Water sways inside his mug , some leaping up .
Settling on the table .
On the tip of his nose .
He promptly cleans the spills with a napkin , embarrassed by his mess .
I want to ask what ’s wrong .
Other than some footsteps on the landing of his apartment there are no sounds .
No scratching or knocking .
No preparation of keys to unlock his front door , barge in .
Moreover , as far as I can tell from my seat , nothing happened inside apartment 1624 , at least nothing within the pristine common area .
I listen to the front door opposite Big Head ’s open and close .
The footsteps outside go silent .
It might ’ve come from down there , I think .
I think ,
Whatever disturbed him had to have come from down there , referring to the well - kept mystery of their private chamber .
I lean back in my chair , keep hold of the table edge , tilt my head until I see down the hallway .
It ’s dark in the tunnel , veering to the right at the end , a whole new wing .
Do n’t know how many doors are in this section nor what rooms they open into , another bedroom maybe ?
My curiosity strengthens , forcing me to imagine .
Down the hallway to the left , I see what I always see , their bedroom door , closed .
Light shines out of the crack at the bottom , between carpet and wood .
I assume his wife is behind this door , the wife I ’ve never seen in person .
Working over the desk .
Or maybe on their conjugal bed .
Again , I wonder if she ’s clothed .
The husband does n’t appear to be bothered by me snooping around .
Truth is , he seems almost pleased at my curiosity .
The crimson has subsided in his big head .
His shoulders are collected .
He says that I look tired from work .
He does n’t know anything about me .
Must assume that I work by the dead look in my eyes , the same look that resides in all bookstore managers : near - sighted .
I sip my spring water and say , I am .
Big Head ’s all smile .
Today I go over these topics , he says , voice laden with accent , his intonation awkward .
But that ’s why I ’m here , to improve his spoken English .
Ok , I say , always obliging .
He moves a ream of papers from his side of the table to the center , close enough for me to see the bold title capitalized on the top page .
English Literature , it scans .
Ignoring the prompts , he says , I read very interesting article over weekend .
I correct him , patience in me :
You read a very interesting article over the weekend , Yes , about Perry Mason , you hear of that .
I correct him again , then ask , The TV show .
He ’s unclear on what I mean by this , leans his big head across the table , turns his better ear towards me .
I see into its recesses .
I say , You mean Perry Mason , the lawyer , Law - yer , Yes , is that what you ’re talking about , I ask .
Nah , he says .
He says , Not on television , i mean Perry Mason .
I shake my head , still registering the name of that show dad used to watch while mom did dishes .
I ask if he could write it down .
He reluctantly positions his pen over the page and tries to vocalize one last time before admitting defeat to English .
Permason , he says , determination making him speed up his pronunciation , cramming together into one jabber what used to be two words .
Big Head waits for recognition in the skin around my mouth .
My tongue .
But I remain blank .
Confused to the point of growing red faced , fuming from my bull nostrils , jumping from my seat onto the table and wringing his stump of a neck for being so damn stubborn .
Just write it down , I think .
I think , Just write it , you idiot , or I ’ll fuc , but the husband saves himself before I can finish my thought .
He scribbles Free Masons in barely legible print .
What 's your undead TV / movie / book / comics genre of choice ?
If it 's vampires , you have to be feeling pretty well - served right now , what with Twilight and True Blood and all .
If it 's zombies , well , be patient .
A new George Romero zombie flick is on the way , as is the big - screen comedy Zombieland .
And just today it was announced that AMC has won a bidding war to make writer Robert Kirkman 's cult comic book series The Walking Dead into a TV series , produced by Frank Darabont ( who will also write and direct ) and genre specialist Gale Anne Hurd .
Darabont has been driving this project for years , and at one time had planned to make the series at NBC .
But it ought to be a better fit on cable , especially on a channel that 's earning a reputation for smart , challenging fare .
Now if only Darabont can show a few zombies cooking meth at an ad agency in the early ' 60s , it could be crossover time !
Advertisement
FINANCIAL stocks have more than doubled from their March 2009 lows .
And with autumn  generally a rocky season for the markets  fast approaching , it ’s a good time for a reality check on the banking sector .
The goal : to determine whether fundamentals in the industry support the rocket - fueled surge in bank shares .
To be sure , the stock market and smart money often try to anticipate recoveries long before they are evident in the numbers .
But a “ relief rally ”  that is , the exuberance that accompanied the fact that our economy appears to have avoided another Great Depression  wo n’t have the same staying power as a move based on solidly improving operations .
So understanding what ’s going on in banks ’ financial statements is worthwhile .
With that in mind , Christopher Whalen , managing director at Institutional Risk Analytics , a research firm , has analyzed financial data from the second quarter of this year that almost 7,000 banks submitted to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
The data includes 90 percent of institutions with federally insured deposits but excludes reports from the 19 money - center banks like Citigroup , Bank of America and Wells Fargo .
Those reports are filed later to the F.D.I.C .
Even with the big guys missing from the analysis , it is an illuminating look at the health of regional and community banks and a fairly comprehensive assessment of the industry ’s well - being .
From Valve Developer Community
Multiplayer games based on the Source Engine use a Client - Server networking architecture .
Usually a server is a dedicated host that runs the game and is authoritative about world simulation , game rules , and player input processing .
A client is a player 's computer connected to a game server .
The client and server communicate with each other by sending small data packets at a high frequency ( usually 20 to 30 packets per second ) .
A client receives the current world state from the server and generates video and audio output based on these updates .
The client also samples data from input devices ( keyboard , mouse , microphone , etc. ) and sends these input samples back to the server for further processing .
Clients only communicate with the game server and not between each other ( like in a peer - to - peer application ) .
In contrast with a single player game , a multiplayer game has to deal with a variety of new problems caused by packet - based communication .
Network bandwidth is limited , so the server can't send a new update packet to all clients for every single world change .
Instead , the server takes snapshots of the current world state at a constant rate and broadcasts these snapshots to the clients .
Network packets take a certain amount of time to travel between the client and the server ( i.e. half the ping time ) .
This means that the client time is always a little bit behind the server time .
Furthermore , client input packets are also delayed on their way back , so the server is processing temporally delayed user commands .
In addition , each client has a different network delay which varies over time due to other background traffic and the client 's framerate .
These time differences between server and client causes logical problems , becoming worse with increasing network latencies .
In fast - paced action games , even a delay of a few milliseconds can cause a laggy gameplay feeling and make it hard to hit other players or interact with moving objects .
Besides bandwidth limitations and network latencies , information can get lost due to network packet loss .
To cope with the issues introduced by network communication , the Source engine server employs techniques such as data compression and lag compensation which are invisible to the client .
The client then performs prediction and interpolation to further improve the experience .
Basic networking
The server simulates the game in discrete time steps called ticks .
By default , the timestep is 15 ms , so 66.666 ... ticks per second are simulated , but mods can specify their own tickrate .
During each tick , the server processes incoming user commands , runs a physical simulation step , checks the game rules , and updates all object states .
After simulating a tick , the server decides if any client needs a world update and takes a snapshot of the current world state if necessary .
A higher tickrate increases the simulation precision , but also requires more CPU power and available bandwidth on both server and client .
The server admin may override the default tickrate with the - tickrate command line parameter , though tickrate changes done this way are not recommended because the mod may not work as designed if its tickrate is changed .
Note :
The - tickrate command line parameter is not available on CSS , DoD S , TF2 , L4D and L4D2 because changing tickrate causes server timing issues .
The tickrate is set to 66 in CSS , DoD S and TF2 , and 30 in L4D and L4D2 .
Clients usually have only a limited amount of available bandwidth .
In the worst case , players with a modem connection can't receive more than 5 to 7 KB /sec .
If the server tried to send them updates with a higher data rate , packet loss would be unavoidable .
Therefore , the client has to tell the server its incoming bandwidth capacity by setting the console variable rate ( in bytes / second ) .
This is the most important network variable for clients and it has to be set correctly for an optimal gameplay experience .
The client can request a certain snapshot rate by changing cl_updaterate ( default 20 ) , but the server will never send more updates than simulated ticks or exceed the requested client rate limit .
Server admins can limit data rate values requested by clients with sv_minrate and sv_maxrate ( both in bytes / second ) .
Also the snapshot rate can be restricted with sv_minupdaterate and sv_maxupdaterate ( both in snapshots / second ) .
The client creates user commands from sampling input devices with the same tick rate that the server is running with .
A user command is basically a snapshot of the current keyboard and mouse state .
But instead of sending a new packet to the server for each user command , the client sends command packets at a certain rate of packets per second ( usually 30 ) .
This means two or more user commands are transmitted within the same packet .
Clients can increase the command rate with cl_cmdrate .
This will increase responsiveness but requires more outgoing bandwidth , too .
Game data is compressed using delta compression to reduce network load .
That means the server does n't send a full world snapshot each time , but rather only changes ( a delta snapshot ) that happened since the last acknowledged update .
With each packet sent between the client and server , acknowledge numbers are attached to keep track of their data flow .
Usually full ( non-delta ) snapshots are only sent when a game starts or a client suffers from heavy packet loss for a couple of seconds .
Clients can request a full snapshot manually with the cl_fullupdate command .
Responsiveness , or the time between user input and its visible feedback in the game world , are determined by lots of factors , including the server / client CPU load , simulation tickrate , data rate and snapshot update settings , but mostly by the network packet traveling time .
The time between the client sending a user command , the server responding to it , and the client receiving the server 's response is called the latency or ping ( or round trip time ) .
Low latency is a significant advantage when playing a multiplayer online game .
Techniques like prediction and lag compensation try to minimize that advantage and allow a fair game for players with slower connections .
Tweaking networking setting can help to gain a better experience if the necessary bandwidth and CPU power is available .
We recommend keeping the default settings , since improper changes may cause more negative side effects than actual benefits .
Servers that Support Tickrate
The tickrate can be altered by using the - tickrate parameter
Counter Strike : Global Offensive
Half - Life 2 : Deathmatch
The following servers tickrate cannot be altered as changing this causes server timing issues .
Tickrate 66
Counter Strike : Source
Day of Defeat : Source
Team Fortress 2
Tickrate 30
Left 4 Dead
Left 4 Dead 2
Entity interpolation
By default , the client receives about 20 snapshot per second .
If the objects ( entities ) in the world were only rendered at the positions received by the server , moving objects and animation would look choppy and jittery .
Dropped packets would also cause noticeable glitches .
The trick to solve this problem is to go back in time for rendering , so positions and animations can be continuously interpolated between two recently received snapshots .
With 20 snapshots per second , a new update arrives about every 50 milliseconds .
If the client render time is shifted back by 50 milliseconds , entities can be always interpolated between the last received snapshot and the snapshot before that .
Source defaults to an interpolation period ( ' lerp ' ) of 100 - milliseconds ( cl_interp 0.1 ) ; this way , even if one snapshot is lost , there are always two valid snapshots to interpolate between .
Take a look at the following figure showing the arrival times of incoming world snapshots :
The last snapshot received on the client was at tick 344 or 10.30 seconds .
The client time continues to increase based on this snapshot and the client frame rate .
If a new video frame is rendered , the rendering time is the current client time 10.32 minus the view interpolation delay of 0.1 seconds .
This would be 10.22 in our example and all entities and their animations are interpolated using the correct fraction between snapshot 340 and 342 .
Since we have an interpolation delay of 100 milliseconds , the interpolation would even work if snapshot 342 were missing due to packet loss .
Then the interpolation could use snapshots 340 and 344 .
If more than one snapshot in a row is dropped , interpolation can't work perfectly because it runs out of snapshots in the history buffer .
In that case the renderer uses extrapolation ( cl_extrapolate 1 ) and tries a simple linear extrapolation of entities based on their known history so far .
The extrapolation is done only for 0.25 seconds of packet loss ( cl_extrapolate_amount ) , since the prediction errors would become too big after that .
Entity interpolation causes a constant view " lag " of 100 milliseconds by default ( cl_interp 0.1 ) , even if you 're playing on a listenserver ( server and client on the same machine ) .
This does n't mean you have to lead your aiming when shooting at other players since the server - side lag compensation knows about client entity interpolation and corrects this error .
Tip : More recent Source games have the cl_interp_ratio cvar .
With this you can easily and safely decrease the interpolation period by setting cl_interp to 0 , then increasing the value of cl_updaterate ( the useful limit of which depends on server tickrate ) .
You can check your final lerp with net_graph 1 .
Note :
If you turn on sv_showhitboxes ( not available in Source 2009 ) you will see player hitboxes drawn in server time , meaning they are ahead of the rendered player model by the lerp period .
This is perfectly normal !
Input prediction
Lets assume a player has a network latency of 150 milliseconds and starts to move forward .
The information that the +FORWARD key is pressed is stored in a user command and send to the server .
There the user command is processed by the movement code and the player 's character is moved forward in the game world .
This world state change is transmitted to all clients with the next snapshot update .
So the player would see his own change of movement with a 150 milliseconds delay after he started walking .
This delay applies to all players actions like movement , shooting weapons , etc. and becomes worse with higher latencies .
A delay between player input and corresponding visual feedback creates a strange , unnatural feeling and makes it hard to move or aim precisely .
Client - side input prediction ( cl_predict 1 ) is a way to remove this delay and let the player 's actions feel more instant .
Instead of waiting for the server to update your own position , the local client just predicts the results of its own user commands .
Therefore , the client runs exactly the same code and rules the server will use to process the user commands .
After the prediction is finished , the local player will move instantly to the new location while the server still sees him at the old place .
After 150 milliseconds , the client will receive the server snapshot that contains the changes based on the user command he predicted earlier .
Then the client compares the server position with his predicted position .
If they are different , a prediction error has occurred .
This indicates that the client did n't have the correct information about other entities and the environment when it processed the user command .
Then the client has to correct its own position , since the server has final authority over client - side prediction .
If cl_showerror 1 is turned on , clients can see when prediction errors happen .
Prediction error correction can be quite noticeable and may cause the client 's view to jump erratically .
By gradually correcting this error over a short amount of time ( cl_smoothtime ) , errors can be smoothly corrected .
Prediction error smoothing can be turned off with cl_smooth 0 .
Prediction is only possible for the local player and entities affected only by him , since prediction works by using the client 's keypresses to make a " best guess " of where the player will end up .
Predicting other players would require literally predicting the future with no data , since there 's no way to instantaneously get keypresses from them .
Lag compensation
All source code for lag compensation and view interpolation is available in the Source SDK .
See Lag compensation for implementation details .
Let 's say a player shoots at a target at client time 10.5 .
The firing information is packed into a user command and sent to the server .
While the packet is on its way through the network , the server continues to simulate the world , and the target might have moved to a different position .
The user command arrives at server time 10.6 and the server would n't detect the hit , even though the player has aimed exactly at the target .
This error is corrected by the server - side lag compensation .
The lag compensation system keeps a history of all recent player positions for one second .
If a user command is executed , the server estimates at what time the command was created as follows :
Command Execution Time = Current Server Time - Packet Latency - Client View Interpolation
Then the server moves all other players - only players - back to where they were at the command execution time .
The user command is executed and the hit is detected correctly .
After the user command has been processed , the players revert to their original positions .
Note : Since entity interpolation is included in the equation , failing to have it on can cause undesired results .
On a listen server you can enable sv_showimpacts 1 to see the different server and client hitboxes :
This screenshot was taken on a listen server with 200 milliseconds of lag ( using net_fakelag ) , right after the server confirmed the hit .
The red hitbox shows the target position on the client where it was 100 ms + interp period ago .
Since then , the target continued to move to the left while the user command was travelling to the server .
After the user command arrived , the server restored the target position ( blue hitbox ) based on the estimated command execution time .
The server traces the shot and confirms the hit ( the client sees blood effects ) .
Client and server hitboxes do n't exactly match because of small precision errors in time measurement .
Even a small difference of a few milliseconds can cause an error of several inches for fast - moving objects .
Multiplayer hit detection is not pixel perfect and has known precision limitations based on the tickrate and the speed of moving objects .
The question arises , why is hit detection so complicated on the server ?
Doing the back tracking of player positions and dealing with precision errors while hit detection could be done client - side way easier and with pixel precision .
The client would just tell the server with a " hit " message what player has been hit and where .
We can't allow that simply because a game server can't trust the clients on such important decisions .
Even if the client is " clean " and protected by Valve Anti-Cheat , the packets could be still modified on a 3rd machine while routed to the game server .
These " cheat proxies " could inject " hit " messages into the network packet without being detected by VAC ( a " man - in - the - middle " attack ) .
Network latencies and lag compensation can create paradoxes that seem illogical compared to the real world .
For example , you can be hit by an attacker you can't even see anymore because you already took cover .
What happened is that the server moved your player hitboxes back in time , where you were still exposed to your attacker .
This inconsistency problem can't be solved in general because of the relatively slow packet speeds .
In the real world , you do n't notice this problem because light ( the packets ) travels so fast and you and everybody around you sees the same world as it is right now .
Net graph
The Source engine offers a couple of tools to check your client connection speed and quality .
The most popular one is the net graph , which can be enabled with net_graph 2 ( or +graph ) .
Incoming packets are represented by small lines moving from right to left .
The height of each line reflects size of a packet .
If a gap appears between lines , a packet was lost or arrived out of order .
The lines are color - coded depending on what kind of data they contain .
Under the net graph , the first line shows your current rendered frames per second , your average latency , and the current value of cl_updaterate .
The second line shows the size in bytes of the last incoming packet ( snapshots ) , the average incoming bandwidth , and received packets per second .
The third line shows the same data just for outgoing packets ( user commands ) .
Optimizations
The default networking settings are designed for playing on dedicated server on the Internet .
The settings are balanced to work well for most client / server hardware and network configurations .
For Internet games the only console variable that should be adjusted on the client is " rate " , which defines your available bytes / second bandwidth of your network connection .
Good values for " rate " is 4500 for modems , 6000 for ISDN , 10000 DSL and above .
In an high - performance network environment , where the server and all clients have the necessary hardware resources available , it 's possible to tweak bandwidth and tickrate settings to gain more gameplay precision .
Increasing the server tickrate generally improves movement and shooting precision but comes with a higher CPU cost .
A Source server running with tickrate 100 generates about 1.5 x more CPU load than a default tickrate 66 .
That can cause serious calculation lags , especially when lots of people are shooting at the same time .
It 's not suggested to run a game server with a higher tickrate than 66 to reserve necessary CPU resources for critical situations .
Note :
It is not possible to change tickrate on CSS , DoD S TF2 , L4D and L4D2 because changing tickrate causes server timing issues .
The tickrate is set to 66 in CSS , DoD S and TF2 , and 30 in L4D and L4D2 .
If the game server is running with a higher tickrate , clients can increase their snapshot update rate ( cl_updaterate ) and user command rate ( cl_cmdrate ) , if the necessary bandwidth ( rate ) is available .
The snapshot update rate is limited by the server tickrate , a server can't send more then one update per tick .
So for a tickrate 66 server , the highest client value for cl_updaterate would be 66 .
If you increase the snapshot rate and encounter packet loss or choke , you have to turn it down again .
With an increased cl_updaterate you can also lower the view interpolation delay ( cl_interp ) .
The default interpolation delay is 0.1 seconds , which derives from the default cl_updaterate 20 .
View interpolation delay gives a moving player a small advantage over a stationary player since the moving player can see his target a split second earlier .
This effect is unavoidable , but it can be reduced by decreasing the view interpolation delay .
If both players are moving , the view lag delay is affecting both players and nobody has an advantage .
This is the relation between snapshot rate and view interpolation delay is the following :
interpolation period = max ( cl_interp , cl_interp_ratio / cl_updaterate )
" Max ( x , y ) " means " whichever of these is higher " .
You can set cl_interp to 0 and still have a safe amount of interp .
You can then increase cl_updaterate to decrease your interp period further , but do n't exceed tickrate ( 66 ) or flood your connection with more data than it can handle .
Tips
Do n't change console settings unless you are 100 % sure what you are doing Most " high - performance " setting cause exactly the opposite effect , if the server or network can't handle the load .
Do n't turn off view interpolation and / or lag compensation
It will not improve movement or shooting precision .
Optimized setting for one client may not work for other clients
Do not just use settings from other clients without verifing them for your system .
If you follow a player in " First - Person " as a spectator in a game or SourceTV , you do n't exactly see what the player sees Spectators see the game world without lag compensation .
Via twitter , I ’ve lobbed the second songwriting challenge into your proverbial court .
Using the EXACT chord progression of Jimmy Webb ’s seminal AM gold hit “ Wichita Lineman , ” write a song based on the following subject : excessively modern furniture .
Youtube yourself playing said song , send me a link via twitter , and I will judge the entries .
Not for the faint of heart , obviously .
Here ’s a link to the Wichita Lineman chords : http://www.thewalkabouts.com/WICHITA.HTM
And here ’s a picture of excessively modern furniture :
GO !
Microsoft's " Kodu Game Lab " - often labelled the " LittleBigPlanet of the Xbox 360 " - is now available for download via Xbox Live Community Games .
Advertisement
It 's only $ 5 , which considering that it lets you create many different types of game , is a pretty good deal .
Kodu comes with some basic single and multiplayer game modes includes , as well as a world builder , along with some simple tools to create AI and programming commands .
Advertisement
Sure , it 's not as pretty or as stylish as LittleBigPlanet , but then , it 's only $ 5 .
Only 6 simple steps needed to get back memory card photos immediately !
Recover deleted photos from memory card
OK , let 's begin .
To maximise your chances of being able to recover deleted photos successfully , just follow this simple procedure :
Do not select your media card as the destination , as this will destroy the data on the card and it will not be recoverable !
Glossary :
Important :
Never choose the volume you are scanning as the destination drive !
This will erase all recoverable data !
You should not use the system with the deleted files to surf the Interne , check mail or create documents .
The more activity , the less of a chance for a successful recovery .
Related Questions
Did you accidentally delete some valuable photos you had saved on your Memory Card ?
Or maybe you formatted your Memory Card and are looking for a way to get some of your old Photos Back ?
Well recovering photos deleted from your Memory Card or any other type of SD card has never been easier and can be done ; with the right tools you can have your deleted photos back in no time , provided you have met a few essential conditions .
So for anyone out there who is looking for an answer to the question , " How to Recover Deleted photos from Memory Cards " , here is how you would go about retrieval of your photos ... Step 1 .
To recover the deleted photos , you need to connect your camera to your Mac ( usually via USB ) .
You may also need a card reader for your media if your camera is not supported as a removable disk device .
When you insert the card in the card reader , and connect the card reader to your computer , it will appear as a drive letter , which will allow software to access the Photos on the memory card .
Step 2 .
If you have got your camera or card reader connected , you may download the AppleXsoft Mac Photo Recovery .
and then install it on your computer .
Step 3 .
Then run AppleXsoft Photo Recovery for Mac and specify the drive letter of your camera or card reader .
Step 4 .
Choose the type of image file you are looking for , or select the model camera you are using .
Step 5 . Click the Options button and select the destination to save the recovered Photos .
Choose a separate drive and folder .
The default is the user 's home folder .
You can also choose to save the files by category in the Options screen .
This will save the files in subfolder categories in your destination folder .
Step 5 . Click the " Start Scan " button ,
You should now be able to view your deleted Photos in the photo recovery preview window !
Your files will automatically be saved in the destination folder .
When the scan is finished , you will get a scan completed message .
Browse to the folder that you selected for your recovered photos and check out the results of the recovery .
A memory card ( sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card ) is a solid - state electronic flash memory data storage device capable of storing digital contents .
The primary use is with digital cameras , mobile phones , laptop computers , and video game consoles .
Google today announced its 5G Pixel phones for 2020 : the Pixel 5 and " Pixel 4a ( 5G ) " .
The confusingly - named Pixel 4a ( 5G ) actually has more in common with the Pixel 5 than with the Pixel 4a .
Both have a large OLED display ( 6 –6.2 inches ) with HDR , large battery ( roughly 4,000 mAh ) , the exact same high - quality camera arrays , Titan M security chip , and are powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 765G chip .
The key differences are that the Pixel 5 has wireless ( and reverse wireless ) charging , water resistance , aluminum ( vs. polycarbonate ) body , and 8 GB RAM instead of 6 .
However only the Pixel 4a ( 5G ) has a 3.5 mm headset jack .
The new Pixels include several new camera features .
Night Sight in Portrait Mode lets you take portrait shots with blurred backgrounds even in very low light .
Portrait Light lets you simulate a studio light and position it anywhere relative to your subject .
That feature can also be applied to existing photos in Google Photos .
Video mode now lets you choose from three different stabilization modes , including a new Cinematic Pan mode .
The main camera is the same 12 - megapixel sensor with f/1.7 aperture that Google has used in Pixel phones for the past year .
The two new 5G models also have a 16 - megapixel ultra - wide camera , a departure from the Pixel 4 which had a telephoto camera instead .
A new Hold for
Me feature lets you assign Google Assistant to monitor a call on hold and alert you when a person is on the line .
Extreme Battery
Saver lets you pick which apps are essential and shuts down everything else to prolong battery life up to two days .
Hold for Me and Extreme Battery Saver will come older Pixel phones via software update .
Google has also improved its Recorder app , which records audio while transcribing it to text , even offline .
Now , you can crop and remove sections of audio by simply editing the text .
The Pixel 5 will be available unlocked in mint or black starting October 15th for $ 699 .
Pre-orders are open now .
It will also come to Verizon with mmWave 5G for the same price , at a later date .
The Pixel 4a ( 5G ) will be available unlocked in November for $ 499 , in black or white .
Verizon will sell a version with mmWave 5G for $ 600 , and will start taking pre-orders for that version October 29th .
Facebook has started testing the ability to send direct messages between its Instagram and Facebook Messenger apps .
Facebook is also updating messaging in Instagram to be more like Messenger , adding features such as vanishing messages , selfie stickers , custom emoji , and new ways to block unwanted messages .
The new features are currently being " tested in select markets and will expand globally in the coming months . "
Facebook announced plans to integrate its various messaging platforms last year , eventually including WhatsApp .
AD news continues below ...
AT&T has tweaked its unlimited postpaid service offering to allow mix - and - match family plans .
AT&T calls this " Unlimited Your Way " .
Each family member can now choose the unlimited plan right for them , while taking advantage of multi-line discounts .
For example , with a five - line account where two customers wanted the Unlimited Elite plan , AT&T previously required that all five family members have the Unlimited Elite plan for $ 45 / line / month , running $ 225 / month total .
Now , AT&T will allow three of the five lines to choose the Unlimited Starter plan ( for example ) instead , which runs $ 30 / month / line , for a total of $ 180 / month , a $ 45 / month savings .
The details of each Unlimited plan are otherwise unchanged from what AT&T announced almost a year ago .
Verizon debuted mix - and - match plans over two years ago .
Verizon will start taking pre-orders for the LG Wing on Oct. 1 for $ 1000 , with full launch on Oct. 15 .
AT&T and T - Mobile will offer the Wing at a later date .
Motorola 's newest razr foldable phone will launch Friday , Oct. 2nd with AT&T and T - Mobile , as well as unlocked from Motorola , Amazon , Best Buy , and B&H .
For a limited time , the unlocked version is being offered with a $ 200 discount , bringing it to $ 1,199 .
Amazon today announced Luna , the company 's entry into the new field of cloud - based gaming .
The service will be available on a variety of platforms , including iOS and Android .
Starting today , gamers can sign up to request an invitation for the " early access " period that starts next month .
It will cost $ 6 / month during " early access " .
Final launch date and pricing were not announced .
The iOS version will be available from the start and runs as a web app , thereby sidestepping the App Store policies that have tripped up Google Stadia and Microsoft xCloud on iOS .
The Android version will be available in a few weeks .
Although gamers can use their own Bluetooth game controllers , Luna works best with the official Luna controller , which runs $ 50 .
Like Google 's Stadia controller , it connects directly to the cloud via Wi -Fi , offering lower latency .
The Luna controller has built - in Alexa , which can launch games by voice , for example .
Luna offers
Twitch integration , and makes it easy to pause a game and pick up right where you left off on another device .
Luna will offer several different " channels " of games that users can subscribe to individually .
Luna + is the channel included with a basic subscription , and will include around 50 titles at some point during the Early Access period , with more added over time .
The initial slate will include Resident Evil 7 , Control , Tacoma , Rez Infinite , Metro Exodus , The Sexy Brutale , Overcooked ! 2 , and more .
Ubisoft will also offer its own channel for Luna , also with around 50 titles .
Verizon today launched the TCL Signa , the first TCL - branded phone to be launched by one of the big three US carriers .
Previously , most TCL - made phones offered in the US bore the company 's Alcatel brand .
Although the Signa is an $ 80 entry - level phone for Verizon prepaid customers , it marks a major step in TCL 's effort to expand the TCL brand in the US mobile market .
Verizon lists the phone as the " Alcatel TCL SIGNA " on its web site , but the phone itself bears just the TCL and Verizon logos .
The Signa has a 5.5 - inch HD display , Qualcomm Snapdragon 429 processor , 2 GB RAM , 16 GB storage , 3,000 mAh battery , 8 megapixel main camera , USB-C , Android 10 , dedicated Google Assistant button , memory card slot , and headset jack .
It 's available now for $ 80 .
A new alliance of app developers have come together to form the Coalition for App Fairness .
The new organization will pressure Apple and Google to change their app - store policies and commission rates to be more favorable to developers .
The group includes Epic Games ( developers of Fortnite ) , Spotify , Basecamp , and the developers of Tinder and ProtonMail .
The group claims that Apple and Google collect excessive commissions and give unfair advantages to their own products and services .
One specific demand is the ability to use third - party payment services for certain transactions .
The nonprofit group is registered in Washington , DC and plans to push for legal and regulatory changes governing how the companies operate app stores .
Nokia this week introduced two new entry - level Android phones , and started taking pre-orders for its first 5G phone .
Nokia 2.4 : This $ 139 phone has a huge 4,500 mAh battery offering two - day battery life .
It also sports a large 6.5 - inch display with HD resolution and a notched design , rear fingerprint reader , 13 megapixel camera , depth camera , new Portrait Editor tool , NFC , MediaTek Helio P22 processor , 2 or 3 GB RAM , 32 or 64 GB storage , headset jack , and dedicated Google Assistant button .
In the US , it will be available unlocked from Amazon initially , and later , Best Buy .
It 's available for pre-order now , shipping on October 11th .
: This $ 139 phone has a huge 4,500 mAh battery offering two - day battery life .
It also sports a large 6.5 - inch display with HD resolution and a notched design , rear fingerprint reader , 13 megapixel camera , depth camera , new Portrait Editor tool , NFC , MediaTek Helio P22 processor , 2 or 3 GB RAM , 32 or 64 GB storage , headset jack , and dedicated Google Assistant button .
In the US , it will be available unlocked from Amazon initially , and later , Best Buy .
It 's available for pre-order now , shipping on October 11th .
Nokia 3.4 : This $ 179 phone adds a has a 6.4 - inch HD display with a hole - punch design , Qualcomm Snapdragon 460 processor , 3 GB RAM , 64 GB storage , 4,000 mAh battery , USB-C , fast charging , metal chassis , rear fingerprint reader , memory card slot , headset jack , and dedicated Google Assistant button .
It will be available in the US " later this year " .
: This $ 179 phone adds a has a 6.4 - inch HD display with a hole - punch design , Qualcomm Snapdragon 460 processor , 3 GB RAM , 64 GB storage , 4,000 mAh battery , USB-C , fast charging , metal chassis , rear fingerprint reader , memory card slot , headset jack , and dedicated Google Assistant button .
It will be available in the US " later this year " .
Nokia 8.3 5G : First announced in March , the company 's first 5G phone is now available for pre-order on Amazon for $ 699 unlocked , shipping October 26th .
Like the 2.4 , it will come to Best Buy in " the coming weeks " .
Adobe has released a new version of its free Acrobat Reader app for iOS and Android that can intelligently reformat the content of PDF files to make it easier to read on a mobile phone .
The new feature , called Liquid Mode , uses Sensei , Adobe 's AI engine .
It converts all content into a single column the width of the phone screen , eliminating the need to zoom in or scroll sideways .
All text is automatically made large enough to read easily , and also made searchable .
The tool also automatically identifies headings and sections , auto - generating a table - of - contents menu for navigating longer documents .
Controls also let the user adjust the font size and line spacing .
Next year 's Mobile World Congress — the mobile phone industry 's largest global trade show — has been postponed from March to late June .
The 2020 edition was cancelled at the last minute just as the COVID - 19 pandemic was starting , and the hope is that this new date will coincide with widespread vaccines that will enable large in - person events once again .
Samsung has a new , more affordable Galaxy S20 phone that starts at $ 699 while keeping the S20 specs and features that Samsung says surveyed users cared about most .
The Samsung Galaxy S20 Fan Edition ( abbreviated " FE " ) keeps flagship - level specs in some areas , such as Qualcomm 's flagship Snapdragon 865 chipset , large ( 6.5 " ) AMOLED display with 120 Hz refresh , 25W wired charging , 15 W wireless charging , reverse wireless charging , LPDDR5 RAM , DeX , memory card slot , IP68 dust and water rating , and a metal frame .
It also has triple rear cameras ( 12 megapixel main , 12 megapixel wide , and 8 megapixel tele ) , 32 megapixel selfie camera , NFC , in - display optical fingerprint reader , and Samsung 's latest advanced camera features such as Single Take and Space Zoom ( 30 x ) .
Most US carriers will offer three color options : Cloud Mint , Cloud Navy , and Cloud Lavender .
Verizon will also offer a Cloud Red option .
The unlocked version from samsung.com will come in those four colors plus Cloud Orange and Cloud White .
Most US carriers are expected to offer the Galaxy S20 FE .
Most versions will only support sub - 6 GHz 5G , but a version that also supports mmWave 5G will be available from Verizon for $ 750 , ( $ 700 after $ 50 instant discount when choosing a two - year payment plan and either : adding a new line , or upgrading while on a premium Unlimited plan ) .
While the 6.5 " screen and 4,500 battery are closer to the $ 1200 S20+ , the S20 FE naturally makes a few compromises compared to the $ 1000 S20 to achieve its low price : less RAM at 6 GB , a full - HD screen that 's perfectly flat , no 8 K video capture , and a polycarbonate back instead of glass .
Pre-orders start today and include a $ 70 credit ( for accessories , for example ) on samsung.com .
The Samsung Galaxy S20 Fan Edition ships on October 2nd .
Boost this week launched the Coolpad Legacy Brisa , a new Android phone for $ 100 .
It replaces the original Coolpad Legacy released in the middle of last year .
It has similar design and features , but improvements include a Snapdragon 665 processor , 16 megapixel selfie camera , and a slightly larger display at 6.53 inches , thanks to a more modern notched design .
Like the original Legacy , it sports full - HD display resolution , large 4,000 mAh battery , 3 GB of RAM , 32 GB storage , memory card slot , 16 megapixel main camera , rear fingerprint reader , and USB-C .
Jabra today announced the new Elite 85t true wireless earbuds , a successor to the well - reviewed Elite 75t series .
In a first , Jabra also announced a major firmware update for existing Elite 75t earbuds that adds Active Noise Cancellation ( ANC ) .
The new Elite 85t upgrades the speakers and mics , moving from 6 mm speakers ( in the 75t ) to 12 mm , and from four microphones to six , for improved wind noise protection and call clarity .
While the 75t is gaining basic ANC via firmware , the 85t features Jabra Advanced ANC , using a dedicated ANC chip .
The ANC and HearThrough features ( piping in ambient sound ) are fully adjustable .
Similar to the updated 75t , the 85t features 5.5 hours of battery life with ANC on , and 25 hours total with the charging case .
Also like the 75t , the 85t 's charging case can be charged using standard Qi wireless charging .
While the 75t was rated IP55 ( water - resistant ) against dust and water , the 85t is rated IPX4 ( protected against splashes ) .
Jabra Elite 85t will be available for pre-order in October , and for sale in November , for $ 229 .
Titanium / Black is the only color available at launch .
In January , they will also be available in Gold / Beige , Copper / Black , Black , and Grey .
Qualcomm today announced the Snapdragon 750G , the fourth 7 - series chip the company has announced this year .
The 750G replaces last year 's 730 G but adds 5G , has 20 % better CPU performance , 10 % better graphics performance , and 20 % better AI performance .
The 750G supports new AI - based technology for echo cancellation and noice suppression .
It also supports HDR gaming , cameras up to 192 megapixel , and 4 K video capture with both HDR and live bokeh .
Its X52 5G modem supports both sub - 6 and mmWave 5G , as well as advanced 5G features like SA networks and DSS .
It 's made using an 8nm manufacturing process .
In Qualcomm 's 2020 lineup of Snapdragon SoCs to power smartphones , the 750G sits between the 768G and the 732G ( which was announced last month but lacks 5G ) .
The 7 series powers high - end ( but not quite " flagship " ) phones .
Most 7 - series chips now carry the " G " designation to indicate they 're suitable for gaming phones .
The Snapdragon 750G will appear in phones before the end of 2020 .
Popular Chinese - owned apps WeChat and TikTok narrowly avoided a US government ban on new downloads Sunday night .
On Friday , President Trump directed the US Department of Commerce to issue a ban on US companies ( including Apple and Google ) facilitating downloads of — or updates to — the WeChat and TikTok apps specifically , citing national security concerns .
It would have also banned financial transactions using WeChat in the US , and gone into effect on Sunday , Sept. 20th .
A judge issued a last - minute preliminary injunction temporarily preventing the ban from going into effect against WeChat , citing free - speech issue raised by WeChat users who sued to stop the ban .
Separately , the Trump administration signaled that it might approve a proposed deal whereby Oracle and Walmart would take a 20 % stake in a new " TikTok Global " company .
TikTok would also move data from US users to a new cloud infrastructure provided by Oracle .
Microsoft also offered to take over TikTok's US operations , but Current TikTok owner ByteDance is said to have focused on doing a deal with companies favored by the Trump administration .
Oracle 's Larry Ellison is a vocal supporter and fundraiser for Trump .
Under the proposed deal , Chinese ByteDance would initially retain a controlling 80 % stake in TikTok Global , but the new company would be required to have an IPO on a US stock exchange , with American ownership expected to " grow over time . "
To allow time for the proposed deal to reach a more firm agreement , the Dept. of Commerce delayed its ban on TikTok downloads by one week , to September 27th .
A new optical sensor from ams could enable phone makers to make display bezels even thinner , for truly all - screen designs .
The optical sensor works from underneath an OLED display , similar to new technology that allows the front camera to be placed under the display .
The sensor detects proximity , ambient light levels , and ambient light flicker .
Most phones today have such a sensor , but need to make room for it in the bezel area above the display .
The sensor incorporates several specific innovations , including compensating for display output when sensing ambient light , and dispersing infrared light from the proximity sensor to avoid activating OLED materials and introducing visible display distortion .
The part is available to manufacturers now for sampling .
Verizon , AT&T , and T - Mobile have officially launched ZenKey , a new way quickly log in to apps that leverages the authentication that happens automatically every time your phone connects to the cellular network .
Apps must be updated to support ZenKey , and developers have the option of enabling ZenKey as the primary login , or as the second token in two - factor logins , replacing PIN codes sent my text message , for example .
Customers must also download the ZenKey app ( available for both iOS and Android ) to start using ZenKey .
Currently , only a handful of apps support ZenKey login , ( mostly the carriers ' own apps , ) but carriers hope more apps will add support .
More Recent News
LOS ANGELES  Even in the 1930s , Woody Guthrie warned America in a Dust Bowl song that the California dream could not be had on the cheap .
Yet relative to other places , the state has historically been a pretty good bargain , with a low - cost , enviable higher education system , subsidized energy and an abundance of services for those down on their luck .
But three decades of staggering population growth combined with three high - impact recessions , budgeting by ballot box , federal mandates , an unusual tax structure and the rising cost of social services have finally produced disastrous results , and the ramifications are reaching across every aspect of life in this state .
The California dream is , for now , delayed , as demonstrated by the budget state lawmakers and the governor agreed upon late Monday .
At no point in modern history has the state dealt with its fiscal issues by retreating so deeply in its services , beginning this spring with a round of multibillion - dollar budget cuts and continuing with , in total , some $ 30 billion in cuts over two fiscal years to schools , colleges , health care , welfare , corrections , recreation and more .
The rest of the nation , which has historically looked to California as a model for fierce economic independence and freewheeling innovation , may now see that the state looks like every place else  just with better beaches .
Hopes that US would now cough up £ 3.5 m in unpaid charges and fines dashed
Hopes by Boris Johnson that Barack Obama 's new ambassador in London would pay almost £ 3.5 m in unpaid congestion charges and fines run up by the previous administration were dashed today as the new regime confirmed it has no intention of settling the bill .
A spokesperson for the mayor of London said that Johnson , who is on holiday , was disappointed that the US embassy was choosing to " continue to ignore " its responsibility to Londoners by paying the £ 8 daily charge incurred by those driving within the city 's congestion charge zone , as well as fines built up for non-payment .
The mayor had hoped that Obama 's new representative in London , Louis Susman , who was sworn in two weeks ago and arrived in the capital today , would signal a change of approach due to the new administration 's green credentials .
But a spokesman for the US embassy confirmed that Washington 's position had not changed .
In total , Transport for London says the embassy now owes a backlog of charges and fines worth £ 3,446,420 .
Around a quarter of embassies share the US view that they are exempt from the charge because it is a tax , and therefore not payable because of their diplomatic immunity .
The US embassy spokesman said : " Our policy on the congestion tax is a long - standing policy decided on by Washington .
The US government 's position is that this a tax and therefore is prohibited by various treaties . "
The disclosure will intensify the battle between Transport for London and foreign embassies who refuse to pay the charge and collectively owe around £ 28 m .
Last year , the mayor made clear his fury at diplomats based in London who refuse to pay for driving in the congestion charge zone .
At a public meeting in November , Johnson claimed he would happily " slap on asbo " on non-paying embassies were it not for the Geneva conventions .
A spokesman for Johnson said today that the change in ambassador had been the " perfect opportunity " to resolve the dispute .
" The mayor is deeply disappointed that it seems they may not choose to do so .
The congestion charge is a service , not a tax , which is paid by the majority of embassies and millions of Londoners .
There is simply no excuse for the American embassy to continue to ignore this responsibility to its host city and the mayor will continue to press this point to their representatives . "
A TfL spokeswoman pointed out that three quarters of embassies pay their dues .
" TfL and the UK government are agreed that the congestion charge is a charge for a service and not a tax , which means that diplomats are not exempt from payment .
All staff at the American embassy should pay it , in the same way as British officials pay road tolls in the United States .
TfL continues to engage directly with those embassies that refuse to pay in order to increase compliance with the scheme by diplomats . "
Inkscape , the cross- platform vector graphics editor using the W3C standard SVG file format .
Jon A. Cruz is a core developer , board member and " Chief Agitator " with Inkscape , working on more comprehensive integration of LittleCMS and color management features , tablet enhancements and general UI features .
Ted Gould is one of the founding developers of the Inkscape project , and is currently working to make Inkscape more extensible using plugins and scripts .
TWiT Wiki for this show
Here 's what 's coming up for FLOSS in the future .
Think your open source project should be on FLOSS Weekly ?
Email Randal at merlyn@stonehenge.com .
Thanks to CacheFly for providing the bandwidth for this podcast , and Lullabot 's Jeff Robbins , web designer and musician , for our theme music .
Google employee Arthur Poirier , on a camera - equiped tricycle , records images for Google 's Street View Maps in front of the Grande Arche de la Defense , outside Paris , Friday , Aug. 7 , 2009 .
The U.S. company has hired two young cyclists to ride through gardens , historical sites and other pedestrian - only areas on the three - wheeler to take thousands of digital photos .
( AP Photos / Jacques Brinon )
( AP ) -- Parisians and tourists , relax .
That goofy looking tricycle equipped with loads of high - tech equipment roaming the streets is NOT some mad scientist 's invention on the rampage .
The three - wheeler is a sight with its long pole holding nine cameras , a GPS , a computer and a generator .
But the contraption tooling around the French capital needs all that gear to do its job - adding three - dimensional images to Google 's Street View Maps .
The U.S. company has hired two young cyclists to ride through gardens , historical sites and other pedestrian - only areas on the device to take thousands of digital photos .
" The idea is to be able to offer 360 - degree images of places that were inaccessible before , " Google spokesperson Anne- Gabrielle Dauba - Pantanacce said in an interview .
The riders , wearing Google tee - shirts and white helmets , are visiting well - known sites such as the Chateau de Versailles , west of Paris , the Jardin du Luxembourg on the city 's Left Bank or Les Halles , in the busy center of the French capital .
Google is to map Paris until Aug. 20 , then head to the north of the country .
In the fall , the tricycle goes south , said Dauba - Pantanacce .
The company plans to add new photos to their Street View option in all French cities with touristic areas that may be of interest to visitors .
Similar tricycles have already combed the streets of Britain and Italy in June and July , said Dauba - Pantanacce .
Google plans to make 3 - D maps of streets in other European countries , but the schedule has not yet been set , she said .
Spotted Friday at La Defense , the tricycle looked decidedly out of place at the modern high - rise business center on Paris ' western edge .
A clunky white pole in the back holds an octagonal platform with eight cameras on the sides and one on top .
Each minute , the cameras take bursts of high - definition photos to allow online users to get a virtual tour of the area .
" I rode two hours this morning , " said 25 - year - old Gregory Landais , who was taking a break after cruising through La Defense , France 's touch of Manhattan .
" For a site like this , it can take up to five hours . "
To respect people 's privacy , Google has installed software that recognizes license plates and people 's faces and automatically blurs them , Dauba - Pantanacce said .
Google will then choose the best photos among the thousands taken .
The blurring comes to meet privacy concerns .
Google recently acceded to German demands to erase the raw footage of faces , house numbers , license plates and individuals who have told authorities they do not want their information used in the service .
Greek officials rejected a bid to photograph the nation 's streets until more privacy safeguards are provided .
Residents of one English village formed a human chain to stop a camera van , and in Japan the company agreed to reshoot views taken by a camera high enough to peer over fences .
The photos of Paris and other major French cities to follow were expected to be available online by the end of the year .
One curious sightseer was 46 - year - old Jose Mountinho of Portugal .
" I 've already seen Google Maps but I had no idea how they did it , " Mountinho said .
---
http://www.google.com/intl/fr/press/streetview/index.html )
http://maps.google.fr/
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
From today ’s WaPo chat :
Oklahoma City , OK :
In yesterday ’s politics chat one of the posters wondered why it was “ legal ” for vocal critics of the administration to show up at congressional town halls and sometimes shout and yell .
Does no one on the left recall eight years under George W. Bush when everywhere he went there were shrieking leftist protestors shouting “ Hitler ! ” and hanging him in effigy ?
Some folks act like amngry fringe types are uniqie to the right .
Monumentally Tragic Disappointment on the Horizon
Whenever the herd mentality lines up along a compass point leading to “ permanent prosperity , ” or a yellow brick road lined with green shoots , or something like that , I tend to see the edge of a cliff up ahead .
We are now completely in the grips of the deadly diminishing returns of information technology .
The more information comes to us about How Things Are , especially from TV , the more confused or wrong the conventional view gets it .
A broad consensus has formed in the news media and among government mouthpieces and even some “ bearish ” investors on the street that “ the worst is behind us ” in this tortured economy .
This view is completely crazy .
It will only lead to massive disappointment a few weeks or months from now , and that disappointment might easily transmute to political trouble .
One even might call the situation tragic , except a closer look at the sordid spectacle of what American culture has become — a non-stop circus of the seven deadly sins — suggests that we deserve to be punished by history .
The reason behind this mass delusion is not hard to find : it ’s based on wishing , especially the wish to retain all the comforts , conveniences , luxuries , and leisure that had become normal in American life .
These are now ebbing away in big gobs for most of the population — while a tiny fraction of the well - connected pile on ever larger heaps of swag , enjoying ever more privilege .
Those in the broad bottom 95 percent were content as long as there was a chance that they , too , could become members of the top 5 percent — by dint of car - dealing , or house - building , or mortgage - selling , or some other venture enabled by easy credit and a smile .
Those days and those ways are now gone .
The bottom 95 percent are now left with de-laminating houses they ca n’t make payments on , no prospects for gainful work , re-po men hiding in the bushes to snatch the PT Cruiser , cut - off cable service , Kraft mac - and - cheese ( if they ’re lucky ) , and Larry Summers telling them their troubles are over .
( If I were Larry , I ’d start thinking about a move to some place like the Canary Islands . )
Too many disastrous things are lined up in the months ahead to insure that we ’re entering a new phase of history : The Long Emergency .
Government at every level is worse than broke .
Our currency , the US dollar , is hemorrhaging legitimacy .
Inability to service old debt at all levels or incur new debt .
Bad ( toxic ) debt lurking off balance sheets everywhere .
The housing bubble fiasco is far from over .
Unemployment rising implacably .
So - called “ consumers ” unable to consume consumables .
Crucial energy import supply lines fragile .
Food supply subject to energy problems and climate abnormalities .
A world full of other societies who would enjoy watching us fail and suffer .
When The Long Emergency was published in 2005 , I said then that the greatest danger this society faced would be its inclination to gear up a campaign to sustain the unsustainable at all costs — rather than face the need to make new arrangements for daily life .
That appears to be exactly what has happened , and it did n’t happen under the rule of some backward - facing , right - wing , Jesus - haunted crypto - fascist , but rather a “ progressive ” party led by a dynamically affable young man unburdened by deep cultural allegiance to Wall Street .
The broader question of where we go as a nation pulses with tragedy .
History is clearly presenting us with a new set of mandates : get local , get finer , downscale , and get going on it right away .
Prepare for it now or nature will whack you upside the head with it not too long from now .
Attempting to maintain anything on the gigantic scale will turn out to be a losing proposition , whether it is military control of people in Central Asia , or colossal bureaucracies run in the USA , or huge factory farms , or national chain store retail , or hypertrophied state universities , or global energy supply networks .
These imperatives are so outside - the - box of ordinary experience right now , that to drag them into the arena of politics can only evoke blank stares or nervous giggling .
But whether we like it or not , these are the things that will really matter in the years ahead — not whether General Motors can ever make a profit again , or what Target Store ’s sales figures are next quarter , or whether the latest high - rise condo - and - gambling complex in Las Vegas will be successfully marketed .
Here , in the dog days of summer , it seems to me that the situation in the USA is so fundamentally bad , so unpromising , so booby - trapped for failure , that I wonder if there has ever been a society so badly deluded as ours .
We ’re prisoners of our wishes , living in a strange dream - time , oblivious to the forces gathering at the margins of our vision , lost in a wilderness of our own making .
Anything can happen now .
I certainly would n’t rule out international mischief as we arc around into fall .
The air is so full of black swans that the white swan now seems like the exceptional thing .
Whatever else happens , it sure will be interesting to see the public ’s reaction to Wall Street ’s announcement of Christmas bonuses .
The folks at Rockefeller Center better be thinking about getting a fireproof tree .
Regards ,
James Howard Kunstler
August 4 , 2009
Back in October 2005 , Macromedia ( later bought by Adobe ) announced the Flash Player 8.5 Beta which would include support for a new programming language : ActionScript3 ( AS3 ) .
The player 8.5 - which was named this way not to frighten customers that just bought Flash 8 IDE - will later be renamed as Flash Player 9 and AS3 became the default programming language for Flash and Flex - replacing the previous AS2 - with the release of Flash CS3 Pro in April 2007 .
Now , more than two years later , it 's maybe time to check if AS3 was a success , or a failure .
AS3 , a proprietary language ?
One of the promises of AS3 was to get out of the whole " proprietary language " thing .
Traditionally , Flash has always been criticized of being a closed - source platform ( which it is ) thus threatening one of the most beautiful and important things in the Web technology today which is openness : openness of protocols ( TPC / IP , HTTP ) , formats ( HTML , CSS ) and browsers ( Firefox and many others ) .
Versus a full proprietary Flash platform , including an unkown programming language named " ActionScript " .
The idea of AS3 was then to be based on the ECMAScript4 specification that was in the works and was supposed to become the next Javascript : Javascript2 .
Sadly , since making a full programming language specification takes time , and is then not compatible with business agenda , ActionScript3 was released way before the EcmaScript4 specification was made available , and at the time the final ES4 spec was released , AS3 was already no longer compatible with it .
Furthermore , the whole EcmaScript4 process was stopped later due to political struggles between the major browser vendors ( read my other post about it ) .
Of course , it 's important to note that the AS3 compiler and the Tamarin Virtual Machine which run it were open sourced , which is of course better than nothing .
But that is not what differentiate a proprietary language from an open one .
An open language has to be community - driven : people have to be able to express directly how they feel about it , and get answers to questions they might have about the way the language is designed and the way this particular feature works .
Also , the most technical users should be able to report bugfixes directly , and eventually provide full new features that have to be reviewed in decent time before getting included or rejected with a valid reason .
An open language is not about just opening the sources , it 's about opening the process of designing and evolving the language .
So , here we are two years later : ActionScript3 is still a proprietary language , which evolution and control is entirely in the hands of Adobe .
AS3 , better than AS2 ?
One of the major things that AS3 bring 's with it is a whole new API for managing flash content .
Entirely redesigned to be more practical , it should have greatly improved ease of programming for developers , versus AS2 which was hacked on top of AS1 , with strange API coming from Flash 4 and even before that .
I mean , when you decide to redesign something from scratch without taking care about backward compatibility , you have an infinite freedom to design things the best way they should be .
One of the area where AS3 is definitely better than AS2 is speed : performances were greatly improved , and that 's a very good thing .
However , in terms of usability , there was a lot of complains of " old school " flashers that had to write much more code in AS3 than in AS2 just to do exactly the same thing .
Some might think it 's pure conservatism : old men do n't like when things are not in the place they were used to be .
That might be true sometimes , but there 's always some truth when so much people complain about API usability .
For example - I 'm playing the devil advocate of course - but could someone explain me the advantage of writing the following in AS3 :
mc .
addEventListener ( MouseEvent .
CLICK , function ( e:MouseEvent ) { } ) ;
Against the following equivalent in AS2 ?
mc . onClick = function ( ) { }
Oh , I can hear you : listeners are very powerful , you can add several of them on the same object !
Right ...
But how much probability do you have to need several click handlers on the same MovieClip ?
Maybe one every hundred ?
Or did you EVER need that ?
I 'm not paid for programming on a per - line - of - code salary , I want simple things to be simple to write as well .
In terms of API design , IMHO AS3 went the wrong way : instead of making things that you write often be simple , the API gives you the power to make complex things , but simple things become very difficult and painful to write .
AS3 , a full OO language ?
A third point were AS3 was supposed to shine was about being a " modern " programming language , with a full Object Oriented system , classes , real types , etc .
The issue is that for AS3 designers , a modern OO type system equals Java .
And not the latest Java with generics and many more features .
No .
The original Java , back from 1995 , when at this time Java was already way behind many features experimented in research programming languages .
As a game developer , I enjoy the speed that a static type system can bring .
I 'm also a big proponent of strict type systems since as much type checking work the compiler do instead of me , as much I can focus on actually programming .
But the Java type system lacks one huge thing : expressiveness .
This is an axiom : the more the type system of a programming language is restrictive , the more people will try to bypass it by NOT using the type system , but instead Object and unsafe casts .
And the axiom reciprocity : the more the type system of a programming language is expressive , the more people can rely on it and the less " architecture overhead " there is .
Right now a lot of people are hating Java for its lack of expressiveness .
Sadly , people are thinking that dynamically typed languages such as Ruby are the solution , whereas there are strictly typed languages which are much more expressive than Java ...
The lack of many language features in AS3 such as generics , inlining , function - types , enums ... have brought many developers to complain about the language .
A language which has not evolved in the slightest since 2006 .
Some people really hate it now , and can you work daily with a language that you dislike ?
Not if you have the choice ...
I personally think that especially in the programming language design area - where I 'm the most active - AS3 is a failure : it brings too much strict OO principles to satisfy people that prefer " scripting " procedural languages such as AS1 / 2 , but fail to deliver in expressiveness for people that want actual features in that area .
AS3 is sick of the want - to - be - Java disease , and that 's not one that you can easily cure .
What 's next ?
I must admit that I 'm biased in that review , and I have n't been using so much AS3 myself .
I 've mostly spent the last three years designing and programming in Haxe .
But I 'm also listening to what people are saying , in conferences , on blogs , around me .
And I wanted to put into words the feelings of the actual AS3 users out there , with my own analysis of why we got there .
Sadly , I do n't think that AS3 can be fixed , or it might take years .
Adobe has other priorities than listening to perfectionists developers , and they are masses of Flash customers out there that just do n't care at all , maybe because they do programming only as a job without any notion of pleasure inside it .
But since I do n't like AS3 and was for long time interested in programming language design and compilers , I came up with my own solution to this problem : after MTASC , I designed a language called Haxe and wrote a compiler which can compile it to Flash Player 6 - 8 and 9 + , and can then act as replacement for both AS2 and AS3 .
Since the initial release of Haxe , a lot of people have been contributing to it , making it a real community - driven programming language , which include many features that are not in AS3 .
So instead of suffering in silence , I invite you programmers to act : give a try to Haxe , adopt it if you like it , and join our very active users community .
The language is maybe not perfect , but it 's evolving quickly .
We know that it still lacks documentation , but that something that 's getting better and better over time .
I can't guarantee that you will enjoy programming in Haxe better than in AS3 , but I know a lot of people that made the switch and do n't want to go back .
Just do something to help yourself .
To be more happy everyday when programming .
Try Haxe
--
PS : In case you doubt it , this is not an advertising , since I 'm not getting a single Euro out of it , this is just a advice from a fellow developer ;)
What we 're seeing in these angry town halls these days is the last gasp of the angry white man .
He 's not quite sure what he 's angry about , but he knows he 's angry .
It 's not the world he used to know .
He gets the disquieting feeling that he does n't rule the roost anymore .
And it 's driving him crazy .
One of the chants at the town hall events was , " No national healthcare ! "
Okay , mission accomplished .
No one has proposed such a thing .
So , I guess they can go home now befuddled at what they were yelling about .
The reality is that what they have been manipulated into arguing against is a public option that would give them more choices , not less in health insurance .
It would n't nationalize health insurance at all , let alone any part of the rest of the healthcare industry .
But this is n't about health insurance .
It is n't even about health care .
You think those people are really this animated about having less health care options and making sure it costs more for them and their family ?
No , this is visceral for them .
And it has nothing to do with their perceived choices on health care .
This is about the sinking feeling in their stomach that they are losing power in this country - losing control .
That the reigns of power are slipping out of their hands and they do n't know what to do about it , except yell , really loud .
One guy famously shouted , " Keep your government hands off my Medicare . "
Everyone is understandably amused by this .
But there is a larger point here .
They do n't care about the logic of the issue at hand .
I 'm not convinced they even care what the issue is .
These are the same people that were yelling at the Palin rallies .
They were screaming just as loud then , and it was different issues , or no issues at all .
Just name calling and fear .
Pure , unadulterated fear .
At a recent Tampa town hall people were yelling at the top of their lungs , " Hear Our Voice . "
Ironically , that 's all we could hear .
No one could hear the congresswoman there .
Or any arguments that were being made or any issues debated .
All they could hear was the loud , angry voices demanding to be heard .
And who is stoking these fires ?
Encouraging and egging on these screams , this anger , this fear ?
Conservative talk hosts all across the country ( and , of course , special interest groups funded by the healthcare industry who are relishing using these poor schleps as fodder for their effort to kill health care reform ) .
They 're telling them the proper response is anger .
Do n't wait your turn .
Do n't listen to the congressman .
Shout .
Be heard .
Be angry .
Obama is taking this country away from you .
The woman who now famously stood up in a Delaware town hall and demanded that her congressman recognize the illegitimacy of Barack Obama 's birth certificate , said something telling in her rant .
She said , " I want my country back ! "
Indeed .
Where did it go ?
Of course , the country is still right here .
It 's the " my " part that 's missing .
She does n't want this country back .
She wants her country back .
I want everyone to be heard , too .
I hated it when the Bush handlers would keep out dissenting voices from their town halls .
If conservatives are frustrated with some of the policy initiatives of the Obama administration , I think it's an appropriately democratic reaction to show up at town halls and ask questions .
In fact , if they did it in a way that asked their representatives interesting and tough questions , I 'd be proud of them .
Some of them are holding up constitutions .
They finally got them out of the drawer where they were collecting mothballs as the Bush administration ran roughshod over that sacred text .
They did n't seem to demand loyalty to that document as the Bush team eviscerated the Fourth Amendment .
But bygones be bygones , if they want to hold Obama responsible for his signing statements for example , great .
You can argue he is impinging against Article I of the Constitution just as Bush did .
Do you think that 's the argument the town hall screamers are making ?
Come on , can anyone really discern an argument ?
Could they point to one clause that they think Obama has violated ?
My guess is if challenged they would scream out the Second Amendment .
Except Obama has not only not done anything to impose gun control , he has gone out of his way to reign in his Attorney General to make sure he also does nothing about it .
It is n't about the Second Amendment .
It is n't about the constitution .
It 's about the anger .
It 's a self justifying anger .
The angrier they get the more they feel the imperative to get angry .
What is it ?
What 's really eating away at them ?
I do n't think it 's a conscious racial thing for them .
It 's more a feeling of their way of life slipping away from them .
Think about it .
If you worked at the local shop and in the old days you could get your son hired there , things were pretty good .
Now , they tell you that they have to give the job to someone else 's son .
Someone that does n't look like you , someone that you 've never met or ever talked to .
There 's been a lot of generations of that now .
You think those guys are going to inquire into the history of racial prejudice in this country and why it might make sense to increase diversity in a workplace when some groups have been excluded entirely ?
No , all they know is that their son could n't get the same job that their dads got for them .
They want their country back .
Of course , this has been building up for quite awhile .
But now they have lost their political power .
Now the epitome of what they were fighting against is their new leader .
His first hire for the Supreme Court is a Hispanic woman , who they hear is racist against white men and was only picked because of her race and gender .
And when the president is talking about a confrontation between a white man ( a cop trying to do his job ) and a black man ( another one that got to be a professor , though God knows if he earned it ) , he immediately chooses the side of the black man - without even knowing the facts .
Man , they 're angry .
This is the guy they were warned about .
Whether their perception is true is not relevant .
It 's the intensity of the perception that is relevant .
And on top of all this , they feel the whole system is rigged against the average guy ( and they 're right about this one ) .
The bankers get all the money .
The government spends a ton of cash , but they feel like it never comes to them .
It feels like the guys at the top are the ones who always make out like bandits ( the fact that their anger against this is being used by those same guys for their own interests is of tremendous irony ) .
But then add on top of that , their team lost .
They do n't feel like the president is " one of them . "
Maybe that 's not even malicious , or at least consciously malicious .
But that 's how they feel .
The world is changing around them and every time they turn on the radio or television ( which , of course , is glued to Fox News ) , they are being told they 're right to be angry .
And that their anger should be directed primarily at one man - Barack Obama .
That 's where the trouble comes in .
It 's starting to feel like a third world country around here .
In developing countries there are organized mobs .
There are disruptions of political gatherings .
There are angry crowds and talk of gathering weapons .
Talk of revolutions ( one man in South Carolina told Rep .
Inglis that " there is not a day that goes by ... that I do n't hear talk of revolution in our country . " ) .
We 're America .
We 're supposed to be better than this .
We 're supposed to resolve our differences peaceably and civilly .
We 're supposed to listen to one another .
We 're supposed to have the best democracy in the world .
As it stands , we 're one burning tire away from Haiti .
We have to dial this thing back down .
Of course , the problem is n't the progressives here .
Their side won .
The moderates and independents are n't necessarily boiling over with anger .
No , in this case , it 's the right - wing .
And there 's the problem .
Because there does not seem to be anyone on that side who is capable or inclined to bring down the volume of the conversation .
If anything , their response is more shouting , more disruptions , more rancor and more accumulation of weapons .
As one local Republican nominee in Virginia put it , " We have the chance to fight this battle at the ballot box before we have to resort to the bullet box . "
So , what happens when they keep losing at the ballot box ?
It 's beginning to smell a lot like banana republic around here .
And there is no answer .
If you try to suggest that they bring it down a notch , they scream censorship and warn their audience that their rights are about to be taken away from them .
And so is their country .
If you say it might not be such a good idea to have all of these weapons in the hands of all these angry men , they scream about the Second Amendment and tell their audience to hold on to their guns even tighter .
And many have held on so tight that some of them even pulled the trigger .
How many more will ?
When does this stoking of anger and fear stop ?
And who would stop it ?
I really do n't know .
Here 's one more thing I do n't know .
What happens if it does n't ?
Watch The Young Turks Here
_______
I ’ve got an excellent video here done by London ’s famous Michelin Starred Indian restaurant , Tamarind .
It stars their head chef , Alfred Prasad .
Kadhai paneer is one of the most popular dishes from the state of Punjab , in India , where Paneer ( essentially Indian cottage cheese ) and bell peppers are the main ingredients .
It is flavored with kasuri methi ( dried Fenugreek leaves ) , ginger - garlic , and a blend of light Indian spices , and is well - accompanied by rice or naan bread .
Here we go :
Additional Kadhai Paneer Recipes
This video has a native Indian woman taking you into her kitchen while she makes Kadhai Paneer .
Here ’s an excellent recipe from IndianFoodForever.com that I found .
The robbery on CCTV and a bystander 's video camera
New Scotland Yard and Agencies
Two thieves who carried out Britain 's biggest ever jewellery heist may have hidden their faces with elaborate rubber masks , it was reported yesterday , as detectives arrested a man in east London and later recovered a loaded gun .
The pair were said to have hired a make - up artist to disguise themselves with liquid latex before their £ 40 m raid from the exclusive Graffs in Mayfair , London .
The 29 - year - old artist thought he was transforming them for a pop video and altered their hair colour and skin tone in a four - hour session that cost £ 450 , according to the Sun .
Forensic experts seized items including hairbrushes , gowns and banknotes from a make - up studio in Covent Garden , central London , the paper said .
A Metropolitan police spokesman declined to comment .
On Wednesday flying squad officers arrested a 50 - year - old man outside a house in Ilford , east London .
He has been released on bail pending further inquiries .
Officers have raided several properties in the capital and are following up new lines of inquiry after the release of CCTV footage showing two men entering the store in New Bond Street .
Detectives said last night they had recovered a loaded firearm connected to the crime .
Scotland Yard also said that the cars used in the thieves ' getaway had fake licence plates .
The two armed robbers – one white and one black , and both dressed in smart suits – made off with 43 items of jewellery in the heist last Thursday .
They were filmed on CCTV entering the shop .
Once inside they pulled out handguns before snatching expensive items from a cabinet .
Dragging a female member of staff outside , they fired a warning shot before releasing her and making their escape initially in a blue BMW that an onlooker caught on mobile phone video .
It is thought they were helped by a series of getaway drivers .
A second warning shot was fired as they changed vehicles nearby .
A Met spokesman said : " Following the release of CCTV images of two men they want to speak to , officers are currently following up a number of inquiries . "
Disguises have played a vital role in other heists .
In 2006 the gang behind the largest robbery ever in Britain , a £ 53 m - haul from the Securitas depot in Tonbridge , Kent , used professional prosthetics .
…. auf meiner privaten Seite .
Sie freut sich mit mir über und auf zahlreiche Besucherinnen und Besucher sowie Kommentierungen 😉
Wer mag , kann sich hier über meine Person und meine Meinungen zu verschiedenen Themen ein Bild machen .
Außerdem kann man ja fragen …. 😉
Das jeweils Aktuellste und Wesentliches findet sich unter dem Menüpunkt “ Beiträge und Kommentare ” .
Oder zu diversen Reisen ( siehe Neuseeland 2020 ) .
Mit viel Dusel konnte ich meine Planungen noch vor dem völligen Einbruch des Flugverkehrs realisieren .
Nach Rückkehr vom anderen Ende weilte ich zuerst einmal ( zum Glück gesund ) in Quarantäne .
Da es corona - bedingt mit der Reiserei vermutlich einige Zeit vorbei ist und man älter wird beschaffte ich mir ein Pedelec mit Altherren - Tiefeinstieg .
Macht vor allem angesichts unserer vielen Hügel hier ( Kraichgau - Land der tausend Hügel ) Spass !!! 🙂
Auch im ( Un - ) Ruhestand arbeite ich noch etwas journalistisch .
Ab Oktober beschäftigt mich der sogenannte Tiergartenmord in Berlin .
Darüber werde ich berichten .
Unter den Beiträgen gibt es daher auch Links zu Artikeln , die im Rahmen meiner journalistischen Arbeit , beispielsweise bei Telepolis , veröffentlicht wurden .
Besonders will ich auf meinen Beitrag zu faschistoiden Umtrieben in der Ukraine hinweisen , die auch noch mit deutschen Steuermitteln gefördert werden : Lviv ehrt Kriegsverbrecher ….
Auch der Deutsche Bundestag beschäftigt mich noch immer .
Hier zur Manipulation eines Bundestagsprotokolls .
Dazu laufen auch noch weitere Anfragen an Herr Dr. Schäuble ….
Im Übrigen darf ich für unsere Seite der WOG - Baden - Württemberg Werbung machen , deren ehrenamtlicher Vorsitzender ich bin .
Hier finden Sie das Wesentliche zu unseren Projekten im postsowjetischen Raum , schwerpunktmäßig in Belarus und Russland .
Herzliche Grüße ( man liest sich 😉
Jörg Tauss
( Fortune Small Business ) --
Few of us make money by losing sleep .
But three grad students at Brown University in Providence built a company around sleep deprivation .
Jason Donahue , Ben Rubin and Eric Shashoua were working late nights in Brown 's business and engineering schools -- and began thinking about ways to sleep better .
They discovered they were n't alone in burning the midnight oil .
Around 20 % of Americans get less than six hours of rest a night .
( See our cover story , " Make Sleep Work for You , " September 2008 . )
The friends imagined a smart alarm clock that could track how much time we spend in the most restorative stages of the sleep cycle : REM and deep sleep .
What would it cost to design such a thing ?
Answer : five years of research , 20 hires , $ 14 million in funding and a whole lot of doubting from investors and scientists .
The trio's company , Zeo , based in Newton , Mass . , launched its product in June .
The Zeo device uses a patent - pending headband with tiny sensors that scan your brain for signs of four sleep states : REM , light , deep and waking sleep ( which saps your energy ) .
The smart alarm clock displays a graph of your sleep pattern and wakes you as you 're transitioning out of REM sleep ( which is when you 're least groggy ) .
In the morning you can upload the data to the company 's Web site , and so track your sleep over time .
The cost , $ 399 , includes six months ' access to one of Zeo 's online sleep coaches .
Most of the feedback comes in the form of Zeo's ZQ score -- an index of how well the device thinks you 've slept .
" Zeo allows people to unlock this mysterious black box of sleep , " says Dave Dickinson , a veteran health - care CEO whom the founders brought onboard in 2007 to run the business side .
Whether any of this actually improves sleep is up to the consumer , who will also need to make lifestyle changes like cutting out alcohol before bedtime or caffeine after 3 p.m .
" No one should mistake it for a diagnostic tool , " says Darrel Drobnich , chief program officer at the National Sleep Foundation ( though he does say Zeo is " a neat product that can educate people " ) .
That Zeo exists at all is remarkable .
When the trio first started shopping their idea around , scientists told them no consumer product could match the costly monitoring equipment of professional sleep labs .
Their first prototype was made from a headband and an Altoids mints tin , which Shashoua admits turned off investors .
" When we had a better - looking prototype , that changed , " he says .
Eventually the startup scored $ 14 million , mainly from venture capital firms Trident Capital and iD Ventures America .
It also won over renowned sleep scientists , such as Harvard Medical School 's Charles Czeisler , who now sits on Zeo 's advisory board .
For now the company is selling Zeo online only .
Dickinson is looking at distribution deals with stores that carry consumer health - care gadgets .
He also plans to expand to countries such as Australia , where sleep deprivation approaches U.S. levels .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Swedish shipping companies were told to exercise the same vigilance when they set sail in the Baltic Sea as they would off the coast of Somalia after the Maltese - flagged freighter Arctic Sea was hijacked off Sweden last month .
The Swedish Shipowners ' Association told its members that while the July 24 hijacking was probably an isolated incident , such events could create an " epidemic effect " by inspiring copycat attacks , Tryggve Ahlman , head of security at the Gothenburg , Sweden - based association , said by telephone today .
" We 've talked with the companies that are active in these waters , " Ahlman said .
" They 've come to us with questions and it 's only natural that they increase their readiness .
The procedures they have in the Gulf of Aden should be observed everywhere . "
Pirates seized 28 ships in the Gulf of Aden off Somalia in the year to Aug. 10 , according to the U.S. Navy .
After the release of the Italian - owned Buccaneer earlier this month , they were holding eight ships and at least 163 seamen , according to Ecoterra , an environmental group that monitors Somali piracy .
Sweden has provided warships and soldiers to the European Union 's anti-piracy operation , Atalanta , in the Gulf of Aden .
The Russian navy located the Arctic Sea , operated by Helsinki - based Oy Solchart Management AB , on Aug. 17 near the Cape Verde islands off west Africa , detaining eight suspected hijackers .
Ransom demand
The armed group had boarded the freighter off Sweden on July 24 , then forced the crew to change course toward Africa and turn off the navigational equipment , Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said .
The ship , with a crew of 15 Russian sailors , had been en route from Finland to Algeria .
The hijackers demanded a ransom of US $ 1.5 million from the ship 's insurer , Renaissance Insurance , Vladimir Dushin , the company 's vice president for security , said yesterday .
Renaissance received a call on Aug. 3 from a person speaking English and claiming to be an intermediary for the hijackers , Dushin said .
Russia 's Defense Ministry today confirmed that a ransom demand had been made , and that the hijackers threatened to blow up the boat if it was n't paid , Interfax reported .
The Arctic Sea 's 25 - day odyssey sparked a wave of international speculation about its fate , including a reported sighting at the Spanish port of San Sebastian and a possible second attack off Portugal .
Submarine fleet
Swedes were shocked by the attack in their waters , since hijackings have been unknown off the country 's coast since the 17th and 18th centuries , Ahlman said .
Rossiyskaya Gazeta , the Russian government 's newspaper of record , reported yesterday that the 98 - meter ( 322 - foot ) Arctic Sea was steered to the Cape Verde area because the waters there are difficult for submarines to navigate .
No , not that Hadron Collider .
The Haskell Compiler .
The radio stations and TV stations that have these people on the air should lose their broadcast licenses and their advertisers should be boycotted .
If someone else gets murdered by some sociopath , the way George Tiller was , it will be too late .
Listen to Frank Schaeffer , ex-right - wing fanatic and author of Crazy For God Is our country on the brink of a fascist breakdown ?
After reading Dave Neiwert 's alarming and incisive new book , The Eliminationists , I got worried .
This morning a Kos diarist highlights Campaign For America 's Future 's Sara Robinson 's report -- an analytic treatment of our current drift into what Robinson sees as a pre-fascist America on the brink of the abyss .
Worth reading -- and Dave 's book , each available at the two links directly above .
And if you do n't think Republican Party officials are encouraging -- and inciting -- this , you are sorely mistaken .
This report may be freely forwarded , posted , faxed or otherwise published , so long as it remains untranslated , and my name , e-mail address and copyright notice are included , and nothing is removed , added or changed .
Copyright © 2003 by Kent Ponder , Ph.D
THIS REPORT IS ADDRESSED TO :
• LDS women taking antidepressants , and / or considering or undergoing psychological therapy , especially LDS women of color , Lesbian LDS women , and LDS women temple - married to homosexual men .
• Those concerned about women as above described .
• LDS religious counselors , and LDS professional psychological therapists who treat women as above described .
Background :
From insights gained during and after my doctoral study of the psychology of cognitive - dissonance conflict , I have for many years become increasingly concerned about the profound mental torment of numerous innocent Mormon women , especially because the tormented are so often among Mormonism 's " best and brightest " with regard to :
( a ) intelligence ,
( b ) education ,
( c ) propensity for clear rationality ,
( d ) sense of factual conscientiousness .
During the last six years I have conducted extensive research , consisting partly of interviews conducted face to face and by telephone , fax and e-mail , of nearly three hundred individuals as described below under " Types of Individuals Interviewed . "
I have been motivated to produce this report by the increasingly massive and heart - wrenching extent of the problem , which so deeply offends my sense of justice and compassion .
The Goals of This Report :
(a) To examine and illuminate root causes of many Mormon women 's chronic depression that leads to the use of antidepressant drugs and psychological therapy .
( b) To report the personal experiences , questions and observations of many of these women .
( c) To help reduce the need for and use of antidepressant drugs and therapy .
(d) To express the hope that LDS counselors and therapists , by increasing awareness of root causes , will improve their attitudes and counseling methods that now too often reinforce the causes of damage , thus intensifying it .
(e) To comment on LDS women 's first - hand reports of personal experiences , beliefs and attitudes , with additional observations on my numerous communications with LDS Church counselors and professional therapists .
( f) To allow each reader to assess her / his own level of understanding , agreement and course of action .
(g) To let readers of this report provide me additional data by e-mail .
IMPORTANT NOTE :
This report 's goals do not focus on : ( a ) establishing the truth or untruth of Mormonism 's doctrinal and / or historical claims .
( b ) evaluating the aggregate , overall efficacy of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
About the Tone and Style of This Report
Several sections of this report are not written with unemotional scientific detachment .
It is difficult to be emotionally detached from the horrendous mental anguish experienced by so many entirely innocent Mormon women , as reflected in their rate of purchase of antidepressants .
Though I 've honored the facts by not skewing them , you will note that some of them are presented and exemplified ( often by the women themselves ) dramatically , even forcefully , because :
( a ) the tragic extent of the problem is itself dramatic , and needs to be presented forcefully ,
( b ) forceful language may be helpful , or even necessary , to jar LDS men 's consciousness into a state of greater awareness , hopefully breaking through their / our habitual LDS - cultural view of LDS women .
Types of Individuals Interviewed :
(1) Nearly three hundred LDS women in four categories :
( a ) church - active believers ,
( b ) church - active nonbelievers ,
( c ) church - inactive believers , and
( d ) church - inactive nonbelievers ( none excommunicated , nor anti-Mormon in activity ) .
(2) LDS bishopric members acting as religious counselors .
(3) Actively believing LDS professional family counselors and therapists .
Utah Leads In Antidepressant Drug Use .
Utah residents currently use more antidepressant drugs , notably Prozac® ( fluoxetine hydrochloride , introduced in 1987 ) , than the residents of any other US state .
This problem is clearly , closely and definitely linked to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints .
Approximately 70 % of Utahns are Mormons .
Jim Jorgenson , director of pharmacy services for the University of Utah , confirmed that Utah has the highest percentage of anti-depressant use , hypothesizing that large families , larger in Utah than in other states , produce greater stress .
( Large Utah families are primarily Mormon families ) .
The same LDS Church that works so well for many works very badly for many others , who become chronically depressed , especially women .
Studies indicate that women suffer twice as much depression as men .
These individuals then cope with their chronic mental pain and depression by using anti-depressant drugs and / or treatment by LDS therapists , who too often treat them ignorantly and counterproductively -- though typically with such smug assurance that it borders on unintended arrogance .
Being Clear About Issues
The issue addressed in this report should not be confused with issues such as the reported low suicide rate of young Mormon males .
Male depression and suicide are one scenario ; female depression and Prozac are a very different scenario .
Suicide is more aggressive ; depression is more passive .
In Utah , women 's and Mormon women 's factually confirmed rate of depression and Prozac use is the highest in the US , and far higher than that of men in Utah .
About Good vs. Bad -- Beneficial vs. Detrimental :
Some of the same beliefs and practices that are more good than bad for some LDS individuals are more bad than good for others .
Because I am lifelong LDS , I intimately know and support the many recognized and highly publicized benefits ( individual and social ) of Mormonism .
And I recognize , too , its harmful aspects , some of them profoundly damaging to many innocent women .
The women harmed often experience further damage by being misunderstood , shunned , misrepresented and even disparaged by well - meaning LDS whose happy experiences and feelings leave them unable to comprehend how the same church that benefited them could damage innocent people undeserving of harm , especially since that church is defined as being beneficial for all .
As For Me , I Experienced the Benefits .
Here 's My LDS " Gratitude List " :
I 'm one of the fortunate ones .
For me , Mormonism worked well .
I 'm very grateful for :
• growing up LDS ( fourth - generation ) ,
• participating in LDS sporting events , plays , trips , dances , group projects ,
• giving sermons from early boyhood on , learning confident public speaking ,
• avoiding tobacco , alcohol , harmful friendships , illicit sex ,
• marrying a fourth - generation LDS girl in an LDS temple ( Idaho Falls ) ,
• serving a full - time mission ,
• raising seven morally clean and healthy LDS children ( five daughters and two sons ) .
• being taught and encouraged by numerous LDS women , my teachers in various church auxiliaries ,
Virtually all of the valuable formative influences on me throughout boyhood and teen years were church - related .
LDS clergy , doctrine and training taught me to love education , motivating me to achievements I 'm sure I never would have reached without it .
Examples :
• studied at U. of Illinois , BYU ( honors B.A. ) , U. of Madrid , Middlebury Graduate School ( honors M.A. ) , Stanford , Yale , Georgetown ( highest - honors Ph.D. ) .
• taught at Stanford U. , Georgetown U. , US Naval Academy , State U. of New York , etc .
I 'm certain I would n't have developed even a third of that academic zeal on my own .
My wife 's and my " Mormotivation " was so focused for nineteen years that we honestly did n't even know , until our oldest daughter told us ( sparing our pride ' til then ) , that for years she 'd known that our family was eligible for free school lunches and food stamps .
The Costs of Focus : I 've described the benefits of focus , but there were heavy costs .
As with flashlights , the brightness of a focused beam is offset by the dimness or even darkness around it .
My Wife 's Less - Positive List :
Please reread the " gratitude - reasons " above , noticing that they are mostly my reasons , not my wife 's .
As head - of - family priesthood bearer , I benefited far more from Mormonism than she did .
While I proudly acquired degrees , respect , Time and Newsweek write - ups , as well as spousal love and support , my loyal wife accumulated her own list ( unexaggerated ) :
• Internalized the Book of Mormon 's demeaning description of her gorgeous brown skin : " dark and loathsome . "
( She is Samoan )
• Felt second - class and chronically drained ,
• Suffered years - long psychosomatic eczema that oozed , blistered , bled and looked like radiation burns .
• Bore eight children ( that 's 72 months pregnant ) ,
• Raised seven of them to maturity ( an eighth died in infancy ) ,
• Hand - sewed all the clothes for our daughters , except thrift - store purchases ,
• Did all cleaning up after nine people ( often with no washer or dryer at home ) ,
• Prepared almost all meals for nine people ,
• Did work - horse shopping and errands for nine people ,
• Held a few part - time jobs ( out of the house ) for extra income ,
• Managed all household finances , did all letter writing , bill paying , record keeping , income - tax calculating and filing ,
• Practiced spartan self - denial on my grad - student and teacher income ,
In Short : She Struggled and Stagnated . . . Enabling Me To Star and Strut .
What astonishes me now is recalling that , at that time , I blithely took for granted everything she was doing .
I 'm ashamed to admit that I never gave most of it a second thought .
direct root causes
And if I had noticed , I 'd have assumed I was wrong because , after all , how could God 's only true Church directly harm righteous women ?
That would have been my " unarguably correct " LDS logic .
Eight Mormon Women Finally Woke Me Up .
My attention was drawn to these problems by eight dynamic LDS women :
( a) My multi-talented , " pack - mule " wife , as above .
( b) Our five daughters , one of whom , temple - married to a wonderful LDS man , became so doctrine - tormented that her weight plummeted and she stood in her kitchen at night , screaming and pulling her hair .
( c) My psychology - degreed younger sister who , though talented enough to teach communication courses to US federal agencies and to be an award - winning performing artist , suffered chronic doctrinal worries that caused her great anxiety and depression during her strongest - LDS - belief years .
(d) My Utah - pioneer - descended mother , who died prior to my awakening of awareness .
Though married to a kind and supportive man ( my father , who paid for my mission ) , her worried wrestling with LDS catch - 22 concepts reduced her from the cheery , mentally and physically robust women I had known as a boy , to this list :
• crying nightmares ,
• chronic sick - bed migraines ,
• occasional hallucinations ,
• paranoid accusations and profanity ,
• antidepressant - drug addiction ( Valium® , etc. -- she died prior to Prozac® ) ,
• several mental - hospital confinements ,
• psychosomatic auto - immune disorders including crippling rheumatoid arthritis that ended her years as ward pianist , organist and chorister -- all while uncomplainingly loving the Church .
New Times -- New Knowledge -- New Opportunities
Until the mid-1900s , some LDS beliefs served women much better than now .
Most women used to be naturally dependent upon men for safety and livelihood , resulting in more - natural subservience to male control .
Because subservience to males was more needed and natural , it was less oppressive and depressing .
But now , because subservience to males is less needed , it is less wanted , thus more oppressive and depressing to many females .
Notice that I did n't say subservience to males is un wanted ; I said less wanted .
Many women still feel comfortable with it .
But not the strongest and brightest women .
Why Are So Many Mormon Women Severely Depressed ?
As noted above , Utah is about 70 % LDS , and women lead men in depression ( by about double ) .
Why is Utah # 1 in the US in antidepressant - drug use , notably Prozac® ?
Why are twice as many women affected ?
A standard answer is that LDS women are overworked , heading large families , struggling to meet too - high expectations of perfection .
There 's some truth in that , but there are other , more fundamental , reasons .
Three realities are much more basic .
In the Mormon Church :
1 . For females , " One size fits all , "
2. Females obey males from birth to death .
3 . Females lack control of their own life choices ,
all
all 24
• be respectfully , politely , humbly and gratefully subservient to Mormon males in personal demeanor , activities , beliefs , plans and thought .
• not be , nor aspire to be , nor hope to be , independent from authoritarian males , nor independent in thought .
• attend male - directed religious services .
• participate in male - directed activities .
( Even female - led projects are organized under male authorities . )
• attend male - directed weekday seminary classes in addition to academic school .
• obey all male - hierarchy - generated directives .
• submit to male - originated personal - matter ( including sexual ) private interviews .
• obtain a Patriarchal Blessing which usually promises becoming a mother in Zion if faithful and obedient .
• do genealogy research on male - headed ( patriarchal ) family lineages .
• marry an LDS man in an LDS temple .
• accept counsel from her husband , and not as just his opinion , but as God-inspired revelation .
• look to her husband as essential to her entry into the best category of Heaven .
• have children , more being far better than few .
• raise all of her children in this exact - same system .
• attend only the chapel assigned to her residence address , regardless of preference .
• accept that if she and family attend any other than this chapel , she and they cannot enter Mormon temples .
• know that her husband may , in the next life , marry numerous additional wives .
• know that she may not marry any additional husband , here ( if still married to the first one ) or hereafter .
• accept callings to work in church , auxiliary and welfare - project organizations .
• make several forms of financial contributions , ten percent tithing being only one .
• teach her children to become missionaries to convert other individuals into this same system .
• teach this same system to her grandchildren .
• teach her daughters and granddaughters to obey males at home and at church .
• never openly criticize any doctrine , practice , directive or male authority related to any of the above .
Are The Above - Listed Items Beneficial ? -- or Harmful ?
Ironically , they 're both -- just not to the same women .
Different women are impacted very differently .
Many LDS women do benefit , managing to more or less cope with that list .
As the recent book , Mormon America , by Richard and Joan Ostling , validly reports about Mormonism , " For the most part , it works . "
But this report is written to and about equally good women for whom it does n't work .
Many of these women discover that , too often , what they pray for is what keeps them in depression .
For these women , ironically and tragically , the more prayer , the more depression !
doesn't
genetically different
My point is that the LDS Church 's " One Size Fits All Women " is an environment that ignores these powerful , genetically based , individual differences .
The Church is not a genetic - alteration device .
For many people , genetic differences cannot be crammed into One Size Fits
All without great , chronic mental stresses .
During my focused - zeal years , I would have mistakenly attacked the underscored sentences above as being theologically impossible .
For whom does n't the LDS gospel work ? --
Whom does n't it fit ?
One Outstanding , Righteous Woman Whom It Didn't and Does n't Fit
One of my temple - married daughters describes Mormonism in these exact words :
" It 's so counter - intuitive for women , so full of gender unfairness and contradictions .
The Church 's attitude , ' we 'll tell you what you 're worth ' is n't self - worth .
If a woman has any sense of self - worth , it attacks her on all fronts .
And to have any real difference of opinion means having to go against every person in your [ church ] community . "
More About , " We 'll tell you what you 're worth . "
Some of " telling you what you 're worth " is communicated by direct implication .
Many women , including my daughter , are able to perceive that it " attacks [ them ] on all fronts . "
Here 's one of the fronts mentioned :
" In the LDS universe , theologically described as the real eternal universe , each man who achieves the highest degree of the Celestial Kingdom is worth many times more than each woman , even the women who qualify at that highest Celestial level , because each man who achieves Godhood - level may have numerous God-wives , but each God - wife may have only one husband .
This can only mean that each " heavenly father " is worth many , many times more than each " heavenly mother . "
And , even if the ratio were strictly one to one , the male God , not the female God , holds the priesthood authority and is the only one of the God parents to whom his earth - mortality children are allowed to pray .
So Mormon women can never , NEVER achieve equality with men , no matter how outstanding or righteous the women are .
That 's just the way it 's set up . "
My daughter 's " problem " was only that she was intelligent enough to perceive that clearly .
" You have known intense religious pressure to conform your life and your life 's objectives to a predetermined pattern , one that does not necessarily take into consideration that which you want to pursue in your life , but one that is predictable and comfortable for others .
You have seen your religious organization use your financial contributions to pursue political activities designed to insure that you are not treated equally under the law . "
More About " Worth " . . .
The " Personal Worthiness " Interviews
For LDS women , male definition of female worth begins early .
LDS females are taught from childhood that males who are divinely appointed have authority over central aspects of these girls ' own bodies , thoughts , and behavior .
This occurs in regular , private " personal worthiness " interviews , conducted , usually with good intentions , by one or another of her male bishopric during her childhood / teen years .
Even worse , despite generally good intentions , sometimes male prurience accompanies the process .
Our daughters once asked me if they had to submit to these private , very intimate interviews conducted by an LDS man they described as " dirty - minded and creepy . "
I replied , " Not if you do n't want to ; it 's entirely up to you . "
They did n't want to and they did n't .
I then just let our bishop 's negative reaction roll off my back without comment .
But not all LDS fathers are as self - assured in defense of their daughters ' right to choose privacy from personal sexual questions .
Not even I , as their father , ever subjected them to that intrusion .
Nor did their mother .
Walking The Walk
If a church 's " belief shoes " ( by analogy ) are all narrow , even though they vary in length , which women will think this works ?
Those with narrow feet , of course ; they will benefit .
Those with wide feet will be in pain and wondering why .
When bishoprics and therapists have strong religious conviction that narrow shoes are God 's only true shoes , they offer corn and bunion pads to pained women with wide feet .
Women who 've been taught to believe that narrow feet are the true feet will accept this belief and the officially dispensed corn pads , whether their own feet are narrow or wide .
Their thinking does n't let them even conceive of solving their problem by changing their shoes .
Marching The March
How far can a female LDS soldier march in too - narrow combat boots ?
The LDS hymn defining us all as , " We Are All Enlisted ' Til The Conflict is " O'er " symbolizes the problem .
Recall its phrase , " Soldiers in the army . "
How many US women would find a " fit " in the US Army or any army ?
The fact that some women do does n't help the many who do n't .
Only one of my five daughters marches daily and comfortably in the LDS - assigned , narrow footwear .
The unhappy LDS women sense that something is fundamentally wrong with thinking that all LDS females are divinely conscripted into regimentation as " soldiers in the army . "
The idea of freely chosen enlistment versus coerced conscription was given to me by the woman who said , " My parents converted before I was born .
I was born in the Church .
I did n't enlist , I was drafted , "
them ,
not experiencing joy .
I 've Exchanged Hundreds of E-mails With LDS Professional Therapists .
Through my communications with many LDS bishopric counselors and professional LDS therapists ( including hundreds of e-mails during the last few years ) , they 've sent me repeated confirmation that their thinking usually does n't let them even suspect that the shoes ( by analogy ) are the problem .
They 're profoundly certain that the feet are the problem because the narrow shoes , which they see as divinely designed and endowed , must fit all women 's feet -- at least must fit all righteous women 's feet .
But I do n't condemn the therapists for thinking that way , because I used to see things just as they do .
During my first fifteen years of marriage , I would have " known , " by male Mormon logic , that pained and depressed women should ( analogously speaking ) undergo foot operations , not change their shoes .
It is angering to notice that the women for whom Mormonism does not work are often the highest - caliber in intelligence , education , rational ability and conscientiousness .
Thus , this report .
( It is also disturbing to notice that the time periods corresponding to women 's greatest reported belief in Mormonism is in positive correlation with the time periods corresponding to their greatest damage from depression . )
Meanwhile , Back at the Ranch :
Here 's another analogy , this time from an LDS rancher - woman in Mesa , Arizona :
If we LDS were horses or ducks , she told me , we 'd see that we 've been lifelong - taught that God sends women to earth to be plow - horse broodmares or egg layers , not allowed to be race or show horses , or peaceful pond paddlers , at least not without profound guilt and forfeiture of top celestial rank .
The women who experience the severest strain in the harness feel , as this sister from Mesa said , that the hymn , " ' Put Your Shoulder To The Wheel ' should be titled , ' Push Your Shoulder To the Yoke , ' or even ' Haw ! ' or ' Mush ! ' " -- as she reminded me of the sled - dog saying , " If you 're not the lead dog , the view never changes , " adding , " For me , the view has n't changed in thirty years . "
" View Never changes " means Blocked Personal Growth
Dozens of women ( including four of my daughters ) have reported that this same - view monotony , this endless focus on homemaking crafts and yearly recycling of essentially same lesson manuals in which sometimes the noticeable change is just the color of a cover , a sameness in which even the adult - gospel - doctrine manual has on occasion been the same as the one for sixteen - year - olds except for a few added questions at the ends of chapters , leaves many women feeling stymied and blocked in important avenues of personal growth .
This droning sameness was a key factor that led my daughter to scream and tear her hair .
And women say they 've noted that , increasingly , LDS men chosen for ward and stake leadership positions are the types who , though personable and administratively adept , are sometimes too dull or narrow in awareness to be cognizant of this monotony , even after it 's been brought repeatedly to their attention .
Males Rule Females
Nearly all LDS girls internalize from near - infancy the teaching that priesthood - authority males have a literal God-appointed right to enter their most fundamental thoughts , desires and choices .
Many women ( including my wife , whose father was a Patriarch for many years ) have told me that they have felt spiritually " owned " by their father and bishop until transferred to their husband and new bishop , and thus are not able to experience an adolescence into full adulthood .
Women who are affected by this syndrome often remain stunted as emotionally child - like ( which some men find charming ) , even retaining a child 's voice tone .
From childhood , the LDS female is thoroughly trained to be , in behavior and thought , submissive to a long and imposing list of males with authority linking directly to God Himself .
This list , proceeding from the least authority upward , includes but is not limited to these several dozens :
• her husband ,
• her three bishopric males ,
• her two home - teacher males ,
• her three stake presidency males ,
• Quorum of the Seventy males ,
• Presiding Bishopric males ,
• Church Patriarch ( a male ) ,
• Assistants to the Twelve Apostles ,
• Quorum of Twelve ( male ) Apostles ,
• First Presidency ( who are three additional male Apostles ) .
She learns that she absolutely cannot enter the highest heavenly kingdom without a temple - married husband .
She is totally dependent upon her husband because :
• Her husband will lead her by hand " through the veil " to celestial existence ,
• Her role in heaven will be to continue forever bearing offspring for him as one of his wives .
• She knows there is no approved escape from this God - decreed , interminable destiny for females , because it is the system that existed for gods in pre-existent worlds prior to this earth , and will exist without end in the future for her , her husband - god and vast numbers of other gods .
Note that I have n't labeled the above as detrimental or beneficial per se , or even as false or true .
I 'm just stating that the above is what the LDS female has been taught to believe .
The perception of detriment or benefit depends on the kind of woman doing the perceiving and experiencing .
The above beliefs , whether true or false , constitute a massive weight of inevitability that underlies and affects , at least subconsciously , the LDS woman 's every belief , thought and action , increasing in this weight according to the extent that she believes them to be literally true .
In other words , the truer the heavier .
Some women , therefore , out of the normal need for emotional survival , begin to look to the hope that this monolithic mass may not be literally true , as a window of hope to maintain or regain emotional and physical health .
They sense it as : " If it is true , I 'm truly doomed . "
Security Versus Freedom .
As Will and Ariel Durant point out in their book , The Lessons of History , security and freedom are like two buckets in a well : when one comes up , the other goes down .
Some people are more attracted to security , others to freedom and opportunity for self - directed growth .
Some women find security and comfort in male direction and decision and eternal male rule , just as some find security in convents , or even in prisons ( a few so much so that after release they commit new crimes in order to return to prison : their comfort zone ) .
The LDS women this report is about do n't find comfort in the concept of eternal male decision and rule ; they find chronic pain whether they believe it is true or not , and the truer , the more pain .
My Personal Awakening about Mormon Women
I recall the exact moment when I first grasped the weight and the eternal , inevitable implication of what LDS females are taught .
I was conducting our weekly family home evening in upstate New York , looking at our beautiful daughters ( one of whom later became Miss California in the Miss USA Pageant , by the way ) , when the silent thought suddenly struck me , " Thank the Lord I 'm not female . "
That 's when I first began to mentally put myself in my wife 's and daughters ' LDS shoes , thinking of their eternally unalterable second - class status as females .
That night I awoke and spent hours sitting on the edge of the bed , holding my head in my hands .
Let 's Hear Directly From Women
Dozens of women I 've interviewed have phrased their negative experiences in heart - wrenching , haunting ways .
I next quote a homemaker and businesswoman , temple - married with children , church - active with a strong conviction of LDS truth , who permitted me to record this , which I 've decided to transcribe for you including all of her hesitation sounds :
" Well yes I --uh -- I do [ long breath ] take Prozac , Brother Ponder , I 've -- umm -- taken it for quite some - uh -- mmm -- a very long time now , and yes , I do strongly believe that the gospel is true ; -- uh --
I know it 's true and -- uh -- I 'm one who gets that ' burning in the bosom ' and even a redness on my neck and -- umm -- I do n't like to bear my testimony from the stand for that reason -- it 's so visible -- . . .
What worries me is that the more I know the gospel is true the more I feel I 'm losing my mind .
I bear my testimony to feel better but later I feel worse -- like losing my mind .
I think I could -- uh -- be happier if I did n't -- uh -- did not believe the Church was -- is true .
I think if I did n't believe the gospel I could be -- uh -- would be off of this treadmill that is making me feel almost crazy and sometimes I frighten my poor husband , the poor thing , he 's so sweet about it .
Umm --
I wish I knew what to do -- umm -- I still have hope even though prayer -- umm -- my praying and fasting has n't helped , and that makes me feel worse , you know what I mean ? . . .
For now I think there are worse things for me than Prozac -- umm -- even cheeseburgers [ laugh ] . . .
I believe it 's helping me -- umm -- Prozac helps me save my sanity for the sake of our children . "
Again : Which LDS women are benefited ?
Which are harmed ?
We 've talked shoes , horses , ducks , convents , prisons . . .
Bear with me one more time and consider surfing .
My Samoan wife and daughters are skilled ocean swimmers ; three are good surfers ( California , Hawaii ) .
By analogy , if a church were to teach that God 's divine scriptures forbid women to surf or swim in the ocean , which women would embrace such a doctrine and which would not ?
Poor swimmers would like the prohibition ; they 'd find security , protection and comfort in it .
It would protect them from letting others know that they 're weak swimmers , so they can stay safely out of the water while enjoying the illusion of feeling righteously superior .
The fact that people ordinarily are n't aware of the psychology of this syndrome further protects their feelings of confidence and illusion of spiritual superiority .
depressed
The happy LDS woman is often the one who likes restriction of choices .
She gains security from having to make fewer decisions since so many are made for her .
But the strong swimmers who are not allowed to swim and surf in the ocean feel depressed by being made to stay in the shallow pools .
The Right to Control Her Main Choices According To Her Abilities -- Not To Feel Owned , Coerced , Stymied .
Even many animals become depressed under conditions of lack of control .
• Our youngest son even has two large iguana lizards that react that way .
• Experiments have shown that when rats cannot control whether they are shocked or not , they fall into depression and lose the motivation even to flee from or resist the shocks .
• The shocks themselves do n't depress them if they have some control ; it 's the lack of control that depresses them , and then the shocks deplete and defeat them .
• Zoo keepers know that animals in small , boring cages also often become depressed , listless , neurotic and ill .
Some LDS women feel that they are in small , stifling or suffocating mental cages , with no real control and no way out -- ever .
An inactive LDS woman described her active late - middle - aged LDS friends ' facial expressions in church : " They 're just sitting around waiting to die . "
Retarded Emotional and Intellectual Development .
Many of the women report that they have suffered from being treated as children after becoming adults .
One woman told me : " Having to play ' Mother , may I ? ' is bad enough .
We have to play ' Father , may I ? ' -- and it never ends . "
Another : " Men in the Church can't help treating us this way .
It 's like a Priesthood - produced blind spot .
They do n't even know they 're doing it .
How can they know ?
We 've all been taught it 's right . "
[ Remember this comment about " blind spot " as you read , further on , the LDS White male obstetrician 's comment about Black women . ]
Subconscious vs. Conscious : Intuitive vs. Analytical .
The Intuitive Ones : Many LDS women ( like many men , for that matter ) do n't study and analyze doctrines , teachings and practices academically or scientifically .
The unhappy campers in this group just subconsciously intuit , or socially perceive , that some things are just plain drastically amiss and do n't make sense , or sometimes they mistakenly feel that they themselves are the problem .
The women in my family , unusually bright and extraordinarily perceptive but not preferentially scholarly , tended to be of this category , developing eczema or rheumatoid arthritis or screaming in the kitchen at night , etc .
The Analytical Ones : Other LDS women may have a more scientific inclination or historical / academic - research bent .
The unhappy campers in this consciously analytical group tend to seek out information in order to compare and contrast ideas .
Some of them dig into archives , search the internet , examine old documents , sometimes developing cognitive - dissonance headaches and brain - fog worries trying to make sense of it all .
Examples of Women 's Intuitive Observations :
• Some women are observant enough to notice that LDS converts seem to be , by and large , emotional - security seekers rather than factual - truth seekers .
A few college - educated women have said they notice that the truth - seeker profile does n't fit the LDS - convert profile .
• Some women say they notice that , increasingly , firm - testimony LDS are ( in the words they 've used ) " kooky , " " nerdy , " " nutty , " " weird , " " wacky . "
My third daughter used the term " hypnotized . "
• Some women say that too often those who teach gospel subjects , especially genealogy , are among the " nutty " people mentioned above .
They wonder how such ostensibly important activities in the one true church are so often headed up by such nutty people .
One woman expressed it this way : " It 's like the televangelist problem ; would God pick such nuts to be his spokesmen ? "
As one woman said it : " In about twenty years , we 've never had a bishop or stake president who understands people .
The bishop we have now is a computer technician who does n't understand about women or real people in real life .
He 's like a caricature of a bishop .
. . .
Oh no , my husband and I never ask him anything . "
Bridging Intuitive and Analytical :
So those are some of the worries reported from the intuitive side .
Here 's one that bridges intuitive and scientific / historical .
Women do n't have to be personally up to speed on the science involved to ask these intelligently perceptive questions :
• Some intuitively perceptive women recall that they have been lifelong - taught that the loving Jesus Christ of the New Testament and Book of Mormon is the same being as the fiery Jehovah of the Old Testament , and thus is the same being who , when little boys were teasing a prophet about hair loss , this God 's solution was to send bears out of the woods to kill the boys .
The women wonder why the highest divine intelligence would do such an unconscionably vicious thing .
They wonder if it does n't make a lot more sense to believe that an ancient writer just claimed that a god did a thing that seems so crazy , rather than believe that their LDS God really did something that by today 's moral standards seems to them so psychotic .
One woman worded it this way : " That 's a man 's invented idea about God .
No womanbelieves in her heart that God would use bears to kill boys .
Even Satan is n't reported to have done anything that vile . "
• And why , these intuitive women wonder , do the majority of educated specialists who examine the Book of Mormon ( B of M ) conclude that it 's not true ?
Why do virtually all respected archeologists , anthropologists , historians , linguists and other scientists , except a few LDS ones , conclude that the B of M is fiction ?
Analytical : Searching Into Scholarly and Scientific Matters :
• The more academically inclined LDS women , whether in college , on the internet , or even reading common magazines such as Discover , National Geographic or Popular Science , are nowadays likely to encounter eye - opening facts unavailable until relatively recent years , such as articles showing that humans lived on earth over 100,000 years before any time sanely connectable to Adam and Eve ( even from Old Testament genealogies ) , having left human artifacts such as clothing , jewelry , tools , pottery , etc. Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden , these women think as their brains compute this data , could n't have been the first humans , though the LDS Church still teaches that this occurred literally .
• Some LDS women , reflecting upon the Garden of Eden , wonder how it could have been near Independence , Missouri , as Joseph Smith taught , considering that Genesis ( as also confirmed in P of GP , Moses ) says the Garden of Eden was near Assyria , Ethiopia and the Euphrates river ( the Genesis and Moses descriptions best fitting what is now near Baghdad in Iraq ) .
How , they wonder , does that make any sense at all , despite FARMS 's convoluted commentaries ?
• Now puzzled about Eden and Eve , some LDS women see articles about women 's mitochondrial DNA ( which is not in men ) traced by credible scientists back 150,000 years as confirmed even by BYU anthropology professor Brant Gardner , who writes :
" The so - called ' genetic Eve ' was the ancestral mitochondrial genetic line for all modern living humans .
Obviously it was carried ultimately by one real woman over 150,000 years ago .
. . .
The mitochondrial Eve was therefore one woman among thousands living over 150,000 years ago . "
• Some women , before or after thinking the above thoughts , see the now - common bumper sticker , " Eve was framed . "
One LDS woman in Santa Monica , CA joked with me :
" Men see us as second - rate in most things , but at least they honored us with a ' first ' for sin in the Garden . "
• Another active LDS woman mentioned the LDS teaching that Noah 's flood was a total immersion of the earth , symbolic of earth 's baptism -- wondering how koalas from Australia , sloths from South America and arctic penguins could have reached the ark .
• Her husband has long read about similar doctrinal puzzles in FARMS 's defensive apologetics , and she asked him :
Why do LDS scholars say Cumorah was in Meso - America when she and her husband know that Joseph Fielding Smith and other apostles have opposed these theories , reaffirming that LDS authorities have always taught that Cumorah was in Palmyra , New York ?
She wonders why various BYU scholars still oppose Joseph Fielding Smith 's position .
She and her husband tell me they have no sensible answer to that .
• Some women who , on the internet , discover Jerald and Sandra Tanner 's publishing house , Utah Lighthouse Ministry , additionally discover that even Joseph Smith 's History of the Church , though it has been reworked to read in first person as though written by him , was in fact 60 % - written by others after his death , with many changes in the other 40 % , though the History itself gives no indication of these facts .
These women learn that FARMS researchers do n't dispute this ( and of course they can't , since both the earlier and later versions are right there in print ) , attempting merely to explain how this could be OK , which these women feel makes no sense .
• Some women do basic internet searches and discover that there have been massive and substantive changes in the Doctrine and Covenants , documented by side - by - side photos as in Jerald and Sandra Tanner 's book , The Case Against Mormonism , and in Sharon .
I. Banister 's book , For Any Latter - day Saint : One Investigator 's Unanswered Questions .
The women note that explanations by FARMS do n't actually change these facts , which are amply proven after all by photographic evidence .
FARMS explanations mainly attempt to say they 're no problem .
But most of the women say they 're much more impressed by Banister 's material than by FARMS ' attempted explanations .
A talented LDS woman , a Fed. Gov't .
employee in Wash .
DC with a sly sense of humor , told me that she thought FARMS ( Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies ) should be DORMS ( Diversion and Obfuscation in Rationalizing Mormon Scriptures ) .
teaches exactly the opposite ,
MORMON WOMEN OF COLOR
What if a Mormon is Native American ( I am part Cherokee ) or Polynesian ( as is the woman I married ) ?
He or she may then wonder why the Introduction to the Book of Mormon states that American Indians ( and therefore Polynesians , per Matthew Cowley 's and other LDS Apostles ' teachings about the B of M's Hagoth the ship builder 's traveling to and populating Polynesia ) are descendants of the Lamanites , and thus are inherently less than Whites .
LDS Native American , Polynesian ( and African American ) women have been officially taught for over 100 years that they were born into those lineages and marked with a dark skin because they and their ancestors were markedly defective in the premortal world .
In LDS scriptures , official teachings and tradition clearly dark is less , light is more -- dark is worse , light is better -- dark is to be forgiven and overcome , white is to be aspired to and someday achieved .
Numerous LDS apostles and prophets taught that when dark straightens up and behaves , " dark and loathsome " skin will become " white and delightsome " skin .
LDS Women of Color , and DNA
Some women remember the many official LDS statements , for over one hundred years , that American Indians are descendants of Lamanites ( as officially stated in the Introduction to the Book of Mormon ) , and they wonder why all non-LDS anthropologists , and even some vocal LDS anthropologists , such as Thomas Murphy , believe that DNA evidence is clearly inconsistent with the B of M and historic LDS teachings that dark skins originated as visible marks of God 's curses .
• Thinking LDS women of color have reported to me that they 've learned enough real facts to know that dark skin is not a mark of divine displeasure .
It is just sun-protective melanin , solely and simply a result of their ancestors having a history nearer to the sunny equator .
• These women know that dark hair and dark eyes are best similarly explained .
Blond hair , blue eyes and white skin obviously correlate with areas farther from the equator .
• Some of these dark LDS women have internalized so much self - deprecation , so much cognitive - dissonance stress , that it has given them , on top of being female , another theological reason to reach for a Prozac , or a phone or computer to contact an LDS therapist ..
• Analytical LDS sisters of African heritage ( I 've worked professionally with many African Blacks ) have told me that even though they are technically accepted in the LDS Church and that Black males may now hold the priesthood , they are all still defined and seen as morally inferior in lineage .
One Black sister joked : " Oh , I 'm OK , Brother Ponder .
It 's just my ancestors all the way back on both sides that were all moral reprobates . "
And you 'll love this one : Years ago my wife and I were in a restaurant with close LDS friends , an M.D. and his wife .
He worked in obstetrics and gynecology at the Wash .
DC General Hospital , where most of his patients were Black ( and obviously all women ) .
He looked at me and my wife and said exactly this : " Kent , these [ Black ] women love their kids just like we do . "
I replied , " Yes , and our kids ' non-White mom loves them too . "
Think about it :
As an obstetrician all of his patients were female , but he was surprised to learn that Blacks love their children as do Whites .
And he'd been raised in the Wash .
DC area .
His comment illustrates how LDS beliefs can skew a White 's perception .
As they worry about these issues , many LDS women , of whatever color , say they worry about what to teach their daughters , and as emotional stress affects digestion and endocrinological balance , these women sometimes experience adverse auto - immune reactions .
MORMON WOMEN and HOMOSEXUALITY .
LDS Lesbians : For a Mormon woman , to feel a strong self - image identity as homosexual is much worse than to be dark - skinned .
Though the latter are labeled " dark and loathsome , " LDS women who are genuinely in love with a woman instead of a man are , beyond loathsome , labeled as gravely sinful , and may achieve top celestial status only by repenting of and desisting from any intimate relation with another female , no matter how genuinely and exclusively devoted , and instead , marrying a man in an LDS temple , thus being " cured , " or at least , akin to the alcoholic , diligently abstinent .
The LDS Church has always defined homosexuality , male or female , as grievous moral sin to be repented of , a defect or illness to be cured , behavior to be forever abandoned and eschewed .
But many LDS women are learning that this no longer accords with the most respected scientific findings .
A female LDS gynecologist ( not lesbian ) reported :
" The pre-scientific religious misconceptions of lesbianism die hard as any internet search of " causes of lesbianism " immediately demonstrates .
Yes , there are instances of learned lesbianism , but the fact is that many if not most instances are genetically driven .
Currently , the professional consensus on homosexuality , male and female , is that it is not a malady to be cured , and that attempted " cures " such as aversion therapy , female - hormone injections for women , placing individuals in behavior - modification camps for rehabilitation , and so on , are in reality forms of physical and emotional abuse stemming entirely from ignorance and misguided ideology , most often religious . "
" There is no doubt that religious opposition to homosexuality rests on erroneous assumptions . "
" Homosexuality in both sexes might roughly be compared to handedness .
Being left - handed is not a defect to repair . "
" Attempting to cure lesbianism or male homosexuality is tantamount to attempting to cure red hair .
It is silly , harmful and guilt - producing .
. . .
Doctrinally based psychotherapy should be outlawed , but I do n't think that is going to happen any time soon . "
" I have a wonderful father and mother , wonderful and heterosexual brothers and sisters , and during my entire life I have always been successful and emotionally sound in every way .
But I have never been romantically attracted to any man .
I have no aversion to them or disinterest in them , but I have always been romantically attracted only to females even as a young girl , even though everyone with whom I associated during my formative years , so far as I know , was heterosexual .
Because during my entire life I have always been so clear about who I have always been and how mentally and physically healthy I am and have always been , I am not interested in the opinions of ignorant individuals who know nothing about how I have felt all of my life and who know nothing about lesbian relationships .
I am so clear about this that I have no patience with any religious persons addressing a subject that they in truth know nothing about . "
LDS Women Married To Homosexual
Men
in addition to
Here 's the inescapable logic of it :
First Premise : Highest Celestial Kingdom admission is limited to heterosexual couples married in LDS temples .
Second Premise : George is homosexual .
Conclusion : Therefore George must renounce homosexuality and enter into heterosexual LDS - temple marriage to gain the highest Celestial Kingdom .
Summarizing the " Depression Categories "
The depressed LDS female , whether white , " delightsome " and heterosexual .
dark and " loathsome , " sinfully lesbian , or married to a homosexual man , looks around and sees her still - happy Relief Society sisters , and worries that she 's not faithful enough or righteous enough , or white enough , or correct enough in sexual orientation , or is too intellectually curious -- because so many of her LDS sisters have obviously found so much more joy than she has .
She consults with her bishop or his counselors , but they too often seem perplexed by her problem and unable to adequately empathize with what she 's talking about .
The prayer and fasting , etc. , that they recommend to her , she has already tried for months to no avail .
She concludes that she can't do it on her own , and that the men in her bishopric can't help her .
So she decides to take . . . the next step .
THE NEXT STEP : PROFESSIONAL COUNSELING
When she contacts a therapy service , if the therapist tells her the equivalent of the exact words that one LDS therapist ( though I 've never been a therapy client ) wrote to me a few days ago , " Jesus Christ loves YOU , Kent , " though the words may ostensibly appear to be reassuring , these same well - meant words , in the opinion of some damaged women , can be harmful because , as they have reminded me , the words reinforce the very belief - paradigm that brought her to the therapist -- the male hierarchy heavily weighing on her shoulders :
-- her male God speaking to her male authority prophet
-- speaking to her male authority stake president
-- speaking to her male authority bishop
-- speaking to her male authority husband ,
all supporting the same message for her , which is :
• Jesus Christ loves YOU , by cementing you to this LDS salvation system .
• Christ and all of your male - authority benefactors have blessed you by making the main decisions for you , as follows :
• Follow the prophet 's choices for you :
• attend weekly Sacrament Meetings as you are commanded ;
• have your daughters attend male - conducted worthiness interviews ;
• marry a male authority in the temple ;
• have babies and more babies ;
• obey the Brethren because " when they speak the thinking has been done ; "
• hold to the iron rod ;
• do n't ask questions that are n't essential to your salvation ;
• endure to the end and you will be saved in the Celestial Kingdom where you will continue bearing millions of offspring for your husband - God forever . "
paying
prevents her from controlling her own life , which is one of her root problems .
And what 's worse , whether or not she 's fully conscious of this web of direct implications , she dares not even complain .
Complaining would n't be proper .
It 's almost unthinkable .
How could she in fairness complain ?
• Jesus Christ loves her enough to die for her .
• Joseph Smith , as prophet , restored the " Gospel of Joy " for her .
• Elohim personally hears her prayers .
• All of these other men are bending over backward for her every day .
• a brood - mare baby birther ( or feeling guilt if she 's not ) ,
• a human sled - dog ( or feeling guilt if she 's not ) ,
• an obedient , non-criticizing , uncomplaining servant to males for eons without end or any hope of end -- forever .
Conscious Eternal Hope -- vs. -- Subconscious ( or Even Conscious ) Eternal Despair
In this context of eternal male , God-mandated domination , knowing that the LDS therapy she has sought is another means of reconciling her to this same eternal fate , Prozac® and Zoloft® enter her mind as the new hope , her new saviors , the pillow and mattress of the new eternal rest she was promised as a reward for enduring .
She knows that indeed the LDS Church , for women , is " one size fits all . "
It does n't feel like it fits her , but the therapists are helping her modify her feelings so the fit will feel better to her .
The LDS therapists define mental health for an LDS woman as her fitting herself to the LDS system .
She still believes that women need men to return to God and to become co-gods themselves , and therefore it would be clearly wrong for an LDS woman with strong and doctrine - informed testimony not to cherish this beautiful gospel and pass it on .
How could a woman , after all , not cherish what the Lord Himself died to give her -- and what Moroni came back to give her ?
Well , sure , she knows that all the major decisions of her life are being made for her and handed to her ready - wrapped , but that 's how the gospel plan is designed by Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ to work for righteous women , and is she not righteous in her heart ?
How could anyone complain when the Lord himself designed it and is commanding it ?
Remember that , for many LDS women in Utah , this is really all they know .
They have nothing to compare it with .
Oh , and About Her Mother in Heaven --
From an LDS woman 's point of view , how can this good sister complain , since she has been taught ( by direct and inescapable implication ) this additional eternal truth ?
Her own Mother in Heaven went through this same earthly trial with male authority when She was a mortal on an earth eons ago , just like this sister is undergoing now .
So how could our good sister presume to criticize her Father God and her Mother God and their Only Begotten Son , her Savior God ?
Could our LDS sister even think of acting against God 's plan ?
To do so would be what Satan did .
My Questions To LDS Professional Therapists :
So I ask you male LDS professional therapists :
Can you understand how , for high - caliber LDS women , Prozac® is much more attractive than that clear awareness ?
Have you THOUGHT about that before ?
Do you LDS males reading this begin to understand the weight on our LDS women who are intelligent and clear - minded enough to grasp the direct implications of these LDS doctrines ?
And remember , I 'm not defining whether they 're true or not .
I 'm just stating that those are our teachings , and you know they are .
And I 'm relaying to you , in this report , how these teachings impact many women -- the women bright enough to understand that these are the direct implications of LDS doctrines .
The Sisters ? -- or The System ?
Time To Think Logically and Sensibly .
We must require ourselves to confront , clearly and logically , this question :
Is the problem the sisters or is the problem the system ?
Stated more precisely :
Is the cause of the problem more properly attributable to the women or to the belief system which has been taught to these women and that they have believed ?
Let 's begin with what is known
In short , the cause does not reside in the females .
And , by simple process of elimination , the cause therefore resides in the belief system that has been taught to these females .
Thus , women have not brought this calamity upon themselves ; the problem these women have is clearly not of their making .
It is also clear that this problem is sharply inconsistent with and even contradictory to the promises these women have been given by people whom they have trusted .
Is There No Way Out of This Gilded Mental Cage ?
Some LDS women have reported to me that one nudge in a sanity - saving direction for them has been that they have begun to intuit that all this maleness is inherently suspect because , they say :
There is something just plain - old , flat - out incongruous , if not ludicrous , about the idea that the God of the universe is , in practice , unable to come up with a better plan than that of using harems of subordinate females through whom to be reproductive enough to have become the Father in Heaven for , currently , six billion souls on our planet .
• Some thinking LDS women come across important books such as Reality Therapy , by William Glasser , MD , and his later Control Theory , and through such books they gain a better understanding of many LDS women 's psychosomatic problems including auto - immune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis , eczema and depression , that develop when these women do not have control of their individual lives .
• Some analytically and academically intelligent , stressed LDS sisters I 've interviewed wonder if they should start taking seriously the majority of respected anthropologists , psychologists , sociologists , etc. , who present the scientific case that women ( and men ) , as believing members in a religious community such as the LDS , are living in a microcosmic societal illusion that can seem very real .
These women wonder if what this vast and respected majority of the scientific world says is true : that the LDS view and testimony , no matter how true it may seem to us as LDS and how much the bosom may burn when one thinks of it , repeats it and feels it , is simply one of hundreds of societal mind - sets that sociologists and anthropologists , world - wide , commonly refer to as " cultural trance " -- a cognitive state that makes it very difficult for believers of any religion , not just the Mormon one , to examine their own beliefs objectively and rationally , looking into their real origins , and looking into the means by which the strong belief - state is created .
These LDS women wonder if it could really be possible that we are subject to the same psychological principles that , as we can observe around the world , create tremendous strength of religious conviction in others , such as people willing even to strap bombs around their waists and blow themselves up .
About " Understanding . " -- The Larger Perspective
• Some LDS women , of all shades of color , have read Eric Hoffer , who wrote that " In order for a doctrine to be effective , it must not be understood . "
They understand how that clearly applies to other religions , defined by us as teaching false doctrines , but then they wonder if their lifelong LDS understanding should possibly be rethought as " understanding " in quotes -- an " understanding " that constrains Mormon women 's thinking and feeling to repetitive circling in tightening coils of stress and depression .
• Can this be , these women then wonder , what Werner Erhardt of the popular " est " movement meant when he said that " Understanding is the booby prize ? "
Could this really be , they wonder , our problem and the root source of our depression - causing worry ?
It is really possible that what we think we " understand " is wrong , and that we could actually be in a belief system similar in some ways to the belief system that causes people such as otherwise good Palestinian parents to be religiously proud of their suicide - bomber sons -- and daughters in some cases ?
• Other women have watched Joseph Campbell 's popular PBS presentations on mythology , noting that he wrote , " Religion is misunderstood mythology . "
How can such a world expert on religion and mythology think that way , they wonder -- What did he mean by that ?
• A few women have confirmed to me that they 've heard Winston Churchill 's comment , that " All sensible men are of the same religion " and have wondered why such a great man would have said that , especially since when he was asked which religion that was , he cryptically replied , " Sensible men never say . "
They wonder what it is that sensible men ( and women ) are not saying .
• Some LDS women tell me they read FARMS materials , though my research indicates that it is much more often read by LDS men .
But women , often more perceptively intuitive than men , tell me far more often than men do that they find it suspect and convoluted .
Many women have expressed doubt that any God would expect anyone to have to understand the Nibleys and Tvedtneses et al. of the apologetic world .
Can this really be , they wonder , what God expects of already overloaded women ?
• Mainly they wonder why LDS General Authorities do n't simply speak to us directly and clearly the way Joseph Smith used to do .
( Though other women remind me that many things Joseph Smith directly and clearly said have now become deleted embarrassments . )
• Many women tell me they intuitively sense that Mormon apologists have drifted into the same realm of diversion and heavily footnoted obfuscation that older mainline Christian denominations have been wading hip - deep and candlelight - illuminated in for centuries .
Spanish Catholic Street Smarts ?
A few women are acquainted with a very famous , old Spanish saying : " A quien dices el secreto , das tu libertad . "
( " To whom you tell the secret , you give your liberty . " )
Wondering what secret this could be , one woman , knowing I speak Spanish , asked me .
I answered that a Spanish academic I knew at the University of Madrid explained that if a person figures out that the Catholic Church is n't literally true and that even the pope is just a man in a fancy robe with a claim to a gift of infallibility that has fallen on its face on various historical occasions , having figured that fact out is " el secreto , " which frees its discoverer from feeling guilt - driven to adhere to all the rules , rituals and financial obligations of Roman Catholicism , and feeling guilt - ridden if he / she has n't been able to do it .
And if the discoverer then explains that " secreto " to others , he / she makes the mistake of giving them his / her liberty to obey or not obey , to pay or not to pay , which the people to whom the secret is given do n't deserve , because they have not figured it out on their own through their own study and effort , and which can backfire on the discoverer who discloses it , because such disclosures weaken the social structure of the religion and negatively affect the discoverer 's new " libertad . "
So the meaning is that the discoverer should be prudent enough to keep quiet about it the secret , doing his / her part in keeping the " secreto " secret .
Some LDS women wonder if they 're mainly unknowing cogs in a wheel of a similar huge Utah - based institutional doctrinal / historical machine with a similar " secreto . "
They wonder , is it possible that there 's a similar " secreto " here too ?
• And why , they wonder , do the General Authorities remain silent on the above issues and so many more , while letting FARMS apologists spar and speculate , even advising LDS apologists to avoid going head to head with Jerald and Sandra Tanner of Utah Lighthouse Ministry ?
• Why did Gordon B. Hinckley answer journalists who asked about the Mormon doctrine that God was once a man , by responding to one journalist , " I would n't say that . " and to another , " I do n't know much about that ; it was just a couplet ; I do n't know that we teach that . "
How can President Hinckley repeatedly respond that way , they wonder , when they know that the Church does still believe and teach that .
• Some of these LDS women tell me they wonder if they are any better attached to reality than if they believed in such deities as Vishnu , Krishna , Sun Myung Moon as the Korean Christ reincarnate , and so on .
These women wonder if they 're more reliably perceptive and intelligent than the computer - programmer males of the Heaven 's Gate group who had themselves castrated and killed themselves after being seen looking serenely happy , interviewed on most of the major TV networks , trying to reach a higher dimension as their promised spaceship sped to earth behind the Hale Bopp comet .
So , They Wonder , Which is the " true path ? "
Some tell me that they think this may not be a proper question .
It may need to be rethought .
I 've asked them , " Do you mean that no one asks , ' Which is the true language ? ' -- or -- ' Which is the true car ? ' "
They confirm that that 's exactly what they mean .
Virtually every individual knows that it is irrelevant to wonder whether his or her native language is " true . "
Neither do they look for the true car or think they have found it ; they look for a brand and model that suits their needs .
Increasing numbers of LDS women say they realize that Mormonism fits some women a whole lot better than others .
Some say that they should n't feel inadequate about that , since they 're the ones astute enough to have " figured it out , " naming , as helpful in this figuring - out process , the recent books , The Jesus Mysteries , by Freke and Gandy , and , Who Wrote the New Testament ? , by Burton Mack , that explain how the New Testament was put together in ways far different from how it appears .
One problem , as I reported at the beginning , is that very often the brightest women who most strongly believe the Church is true are the ones made most depressed by it .
That 's a very serious and fascinating problem .
For our " best and brightest " women , the truer they believe it is , the more depressed they feel .
Why ?
Because these best - and - brightest women have studied the LDS gospel enough to understand its implications for them as women , as I 've clarified above .
• Some of the mentally strongest " survivor types " among these women have told me they are learning not to worry or even care about whether the LDS Church 's doctrine is literally true .
One woman worded it to me this way in an e-mail :
" We have already been taught that other churches ' doctrines are not true , so if we discover that our LDS version of alleged revealed truth is also in that big pile , ours adds just one more to the pile .
I know I will never be able to sort out all the arguments on both sides .
The main thing I am sure of is that some of our teachings are very unhealthy for me , and nobody anymore can get away with trying to make me think they are [ healthy for me ] .
I can't believe that God would design it that way , so I feel good about ignoring it . "
These women tell me that they have succeeded in becoming self - confident and secure in their feeling that no man , no matter how loudly he claims divine authority , has the right to define their reality if these men's claimed reality is mentally and physically damaging to these LDS women .
" The scriptures claim God made Adam first ? -- and then as an after - thought , made Eve as a helper ?
That can't be right ; who are they kidding ?
You know a man had to dream that one up .
Women reproduce , not men .
The female is much more central .
Males were n't needed for reproduction until well along in evolution .
And God being male ?
God the Father more primary than the mother ?
Please ! , that does n't wash either .
Who can really believe that anymore if they sit down and think about it ? "
I asked her how she could still be active in the Church with the above ideas , and she joked : " What else would we do Sunday mornings ?
We 're not golfers . "
restores their control over their feeling of emotional integrity
• Of the hundreds of opinions I 've received , one of the most interesting is from a very prominent journalist and famous lifelong Mormon ( male ) in Salt Lake City , who e-mailed me this statement :
" It 's been a while since I cared whether or not the Book of Mormon or even the Bible constituted the word of God .
Maybe so , maybe not .
It 's enough for me that I'm Mormon , that these are my people , and that I could have done a hell of a lot worse .
All theology comes down to people who do n't know behaving as if they did , which pretty well sums up the meaning of life for everyone regardless of I.Q.
I do n't bother with religious debate , even within myself .
It 's too much like arguing over who has the best imaginary friend . "
Some tough - minded LDS women do n't quibble about how or why massive editing was done because they say they 're confident that its goal was to inspire people , especially younger people , to live cleaner and more productive lives .
Do we , these women ask , know of any other organizations demonstrably better at inspiring large numbers of young people to lead clean , productive lives ?
• And though many good LDS women are convinced that there is not any credible evidence in the Americas for any existence of any of the alleged millions of people of the Book of Mormon , is it realistic to expect LDS leaders to shut down BYU , board up temples and chapels and tell everyone , " Go find a life path of your choice ? "
• Various women have reminded me that a good feature of the LDS Church is its ability to pilot - test social projects and then apply the best through local LDS congregations around the world .
The women regard that as an admirable concept for average social improvement , though it does n't fit some of them well .
• Or consider President David O. McKay , who was fond of saying , " No other success can compensate for failure in the home . "
Are there any other church , government agency or humanist groups doing a better job of applying that important concept to improving homes ?
Not that they know of , they say .
But remember that it does n't work for a very large percentage of excellent people , especially women .
The women referenced and quoted here have already stated that . .
Again , it works only for the people for whom it works .
It helps some women while others report that it tortures their souls and drives them insane because it provides them too little opportunity to direct their own lives .
Prozac® - Free LDS Women Skeptics
Some ex-Prozackers , ex-Zoloft®ers , etc. tell me that their mental stability improved when , instead of succumbing , dropping out or fighting , they began using the LDS Church as they would a cafeteria : consuming what did n't gag them , and ignoring what did .
These women stay with Mormondom for whatever good they can find , which they pick and choose -- things like decency , honor , clean living and wholesome friends .
Then they teach it to their children as my wife and I did : as a helpful and beneficial guide rather than as sole truth .
In any event , you LDS women deserve the best in your right to direct your own choices in ways that make sense to you and feel right and do n't make you sick , whether or not they make sense to men .
You increasingly see yourselves as the mothers of future generations of women looking men in the eyes as their equals , not as their servants seeking approval or permission .
But please also recognize that other women , just as righteous and sincere , have experienced it differently and been hurt by it , often through no fault of their own , though you may find that hard to understand .
True ?
Untrue ?
As I stated at the outset , the goals of this report do not include establishing the truth or untruth of Mormonism 's doctrinal and / or historical claims .
Consistent with that statement , I leave it to each LDS woman , LDS religious counselor , and LDS professional therapist to evaluate and decide for him / herself how the LDS belief system could , in sound logic and good common sense , and at one and the same time , accomplish both of the following :
( a ) be the direct cause of so much chronic and profound mental anguish for so many clearly innocent women ,
( b ) be literally true as bestowed by a loving Heavenly Father .
This is the kind of question whose answer one person cannot resolve for another , regardless of amount of compassion for that person 's welfare .
It is the effort to answer that question for herself , based upon her inherent right to seek out information and decide what makes sense to her , that allows each woman to gain needed , yea , biologically necessary , control of her own mental and physical health .
Please Take Heed , LDS Counselors and Therapists --
You therapists who confidently presume to counsel LDS females , be informed that many of the hundreds of active and inactive , pained and depressed LDS women I 've interviewed have expressed important thoughts that some of them have specifically asked me to convey to you on their behalf :
These women recommend and hope that you , as therapists , will : 1 . be open to the possibility that what you have absorbed as divine doctrine may be another mythology presented as literalist doctrine in order to be more convincing and motivating to developing minds , and to the women needed as uncomplaining workers in the system .
2 . try harder to be humble enough to understand and appreciate the women who honor you with their client relationship , and who flatter your overconfident ignorance with their intuitive questions and honest concerns that too often fail to enter into your real human awareness .
3 . become increasingly able to apply the above and be inspired , by the experiences of these deeply injured women , to help mold a kinder , gentler , less microcosmically miopic and monolithically male Mormonism .
Feel free to write if you think I have erred in or missed something important , am off - track in some way , or if you have additional information .
My sincerest best wishes and gratitude to you all .
Life is complex and we sort it out as we go along .
-- Kent Ponder
Kent Ponder , a life - long member of the LDS church , has studied and taught linguistics at several major US universities , working professionally with over two dozen languages and cultures .
In addition , he has broad professional experience in marketing and communication research and consultation .
Copyright © 2003 by Kent Ponder , Ph.D.
This report may be freely forwarded , posted , faxed or otherwise published , so long as it remains untranslated , and my name , e-mail address and copyright notice are included , and nothing is removed , added or changed .
Use your " BACK " button to return to where you were
Alabama ’s ban on a wine that features a nude nymph on the label has become a business opportunity for a California vintner who is preparing a marketing campaign to capitalize on being “ Banned in Bama . ”
The Alabama Alcoholic Beverage Control Board recently told stores and restaurants to quit serving Cycles Gladiator wine because of the label .
Board attorney Bob Martin said the stylized , art - nouveau rendition of a nude female with a flying bicycle violated Alabama rules against displaying “ a person posed in an immoral or sensuous manner . ”
Bill Leigon , president of Hahn Family Wines in Soledad , Calif. , said Thursday that visits to the company ’s website increased tenfold since news of the ban broke late last week , and that callers from across the country have been asking where they can buy the wine .
Advertisement
Because of the interest , he ’s developing store displays that say “ Banned in Bama ” and “ Taste What They Ca n’t Have in Alabama . ”
Hahn said he would n’t miss the 500 cases sold annually in that state .
“ There is going to be a significant increase in our sales , ” he predicted .
Rosanna Guadagno , a social psychologist at the University of Alabama , said a ban often increases people ’s interest in a product .
“ The ABC Board , without realizing it , is going to boost their sales , ” she said .
Advertisement
The image on the wine ’s label is copied from an 1895 French advertising poster for Cycles Gladiator bicycles .
It shows a side view of a full - bodied nymph flying alongside a winged bicycle .
Martin said the ABC Board rejected the label last year , which meant the product was n’t supposed to be sold in Alabama .
A citizen recently sent a bottle to the board to show it was still being sold in the state , prompting the letter to restaurants and stores to stop sales , he said .
Hahn ’s president said he was unaware of the ABC Board ’s rejection until the letter was sent to retailers .
He said the poster was a classic piece of art , with originals selling for as much as $ 50,000 .
Advertisement
Although nude art bothers the alcohol board , it ’s not a problem for some other branches of Alabama government .
The Alabama Tourism Department distributes a brochure whose cover features Hiram Powers ’ 19th century nude statue , the Greek Slave , which is on display at the Westervelt Warner Museum of American Art in Tuscaloosa .
The brochure is available in museums , interstate highway welcome centers and visitors bureaus statewide .
“ We have n’t had any concerns about it , ” Tourism Director Lee Sentell said .
Guadagno , who studies social influences , said people allow more freedom of expression in art than in advertising .
Advertisement
“ With art , you have to be really explicit with how a person ’s body is displayed before people are offended , ” she said .
Two of Asia 's most oppressive regimes may have joined forces to develop a nuclear arsenal , according to strategic experts who have analysed information supplied by a pair of Burmese defectors .
The men , who played key roles in helping the isolated military junta before defecting to Thailand , have provided evidence which suggests Burma has enlisted North Korean help to build its own nuclear bomb within the next five years .
Details supplied by the pair , who were extensively interviewed over the past two years by Professor Desmond Ball of the Australian National University and Thai - based Irish - Australian journalist Phil Thornton , points to Burma building a secret nuclear reactor and plutonium extraction facility with the assistance of North Korea .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Thitinan Pongsudhirak , the head of Thailand 's Institute of Security and International Studies , said : " The evidence is preliminary and needs to be verified , but this is something that would completely change the regional security status quo .
" It would move Myanmar [ Burma ] from not just being a pariah state but a rogue state – that is one that jeopardises the security and well - being of its immediate neighbours , " he said .
The nuclear claims , revealed by The Sydney Morning Herald at the weekend , will ring alarm bells across Asia .
The newspaper said the testimony of the two defectors brought into sharp focus the hints emerging recently from other sources , supported by sightings of North Korean delegations , that the Burmese junta , under growing pressure to democratise , was seeking a deterrent to any foreign moves to force regime change .
Their evidence also reinforces concerns expressed by Hillary Clinton , the US Secretary of State , in Thailand last week about growing military co-operation between North Korea and Burma .
" We worry about the transfer of nuclear technology and other dangerous weapons , " she said at a regional security conference .
The two defectors whose briefings have created such alarm are both regarded as credible sources .
One was an officer with a secret nuclear battalion in the Burmese army who was sent to Moscow for two years ' training .
He was part of a nuclear programme which planned to train 1,000 Burmese .
" You do n't need 1,000 people in the fuel cycle or to run a nuclear reactor .
It 's obvious there is much more going on , " he said .
The other is a former executive of the regime 's leading business partner , Htoo Trading , who handled nuclear contracts with Russia and North Korea .
The man , who died in 2008 , provided a detailed report which insisted that Burma 's rationale for a nuclear programme was nonsense .
" They [ the generals ] say it is to produce medical isotopes for health purposes in hospitals .
How many hospitals in Burma have nuclear science ?
he asked .
" Burma can barely get electricity up and running .
It 's a nonsense , " he said .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Professor Ball and Mr Thornton reported that the army defector claimed that there were more than five North Koreans working at the Thabeik Kyin uranium processing plant in Burma and that the country was providing yellowcake – partially refined uranium – to both Iran and North Korea .
The authors concluded that the illicit nuclear co-operation was based on a trade of locally refined uranium from Burma to North Korea in return for technological expertise .
What is missing in the nuclear chain at the moment is a plutonium reprocessing plant , but according to the army defector , one was being planned at Naung Laing in northern Burma , parallel to a civilian reactor which is already under construction with Russian help .
The secret complex would be hidden in caves tunnelled into a nearby mountain .
Once Burma had its own plutonium reprocessing plant , it could produce 8 kg of weapons - grade plutonium - 239 a year , enough to build one nuclear bomb every 12 months .
If the testimony of the two defectors proves to be correct , the secret reactor could be operational by 2014 , The Herald reported .
" These two guys never met each other , never knew of each other 's existence , and yet they both tell the same story basically , " said Professor Ball .
" If it was just the Russian reactor , under full International Energy supervision , then the likelihood of them being able to do something with it in terms of a bomb would be zero , " Professor ball said .
" It 's the North Korean element which adds danger to it . "
Let ’s keep our heads here .
Let ’s not fool ourselves into thinking Sunday ’s pulse - pounding soccer -- the long - suffering U.S. nationals only one hard header from winning the Confederations Cup in South Africa -- will dramatically change the game ’s fortunes on U.S. soil .
For most American sports fans , come next week it ’ll be back to the old standbys : fireworks and baseball , NASCAR and apple pie .
Those fans I heard at Dodger Stadium on Sunday -- the ones gushing about American goalkeeper Tim Howard as the Dodgers played the Mariners -- will pay scant attention to the world ’s most popular game until next year ’s World Cup .
But fans of futbol , have no fear .
Your game is going to be just fine on these shores .
All the frenzied speculation over whether this latest run will finally vault soccer to big league status ?
Wasted frenzy .
Advertisement
Big league , I mean consistently big league in performance , hoopla and status ?
It ’s not going to happen .
Not for a while .
And that ’s absolutely OK .
For one thing , at the grass - roots level of youth play , boosted and shaped by Latino immigration , the game continues its steady march .
While this has yet to translate into mammoth increases in TV ratings and gate receipts , or into deep and palpable sizzle , it ’s a groundswell that eventually will pervade .
The world is a different place than it was even four years back : flat and connected and biting at the status quo .
Just as it blindsided political observers in the presidential election , grass - roots momentum will eventually have a big effect on what sports we love and why we love them .
There ’s more .
To pit soccer against football , baseball and basketball is to lack perspective , to starve ourselves of nuance .
Does a sport absolutely have to launch itself into the realm of the big three to be a success ?
Why ?
Who says ?
And what are we missing by thinking it does ?
Advertisement
For years golf plugged along contentedly in the shadow of the “ major ” sports .
There was little gnashing of teeth .
Golf was still considered great .
Then came one transcendent player and the game became transcendent in our minds .
Change happens slowly .
Then a Tiger Woods arrives , and change happens fast .
“ The NBA does n’t shut down because it does not have the same TV ratings as the NFL does , the NHL is n’t terrible because it does not draw as much as the NBA , ” said Sunil Gulati , the president of U.S. Soccer , speaking by phone from South Africa on Monday .
“ Is it around the corner or even a goal for us to surpass the NFL or the other major American sports ?
No , it is n’t .
But soccer should n’t have an inferiority complex because we are n’t those sports . ”
Gulati reminded that his sport continues its rise in popularity .
TV ratings are n’t the be-all , end - all , but they ’re an important yardstick .
While it ’s true Major League Soccer ’s TV ratings are treading stormy waters , overall soccer ratings rise dramatically when cable viewers on Spanish - language networks are considered .
During broadcasts of creme - de - la - creme games from Europe , TV viewership rivals the big brothers .
Advertisement
Example : English - and Spanish - language broadcasts of the 2006 World Cup final had 16.9 million viewers in the U.S.
That is comparable to the U.S. audience for the 2005 World Series , a four - game sweep by the Chicago White Sox that averaged 17.2 million viewers , though that was a new low for the World Series .
“ The goal is growth , ” said Gulati , voice vigorous the day after his team ’s hard - luck 3 - 2 loss to Brazil .
“ I do n’t expect that overnight a tournament like this will make us way more popular , but it ’s another plug along the way .
Now it ’s true that we might have gotten there a little earlier if I ’d been putting gold medals around the players heads on Sunday instead of silver medals , but this tournament gave us great momentum . ”
Since they now have our attention , momentum must be sustained .
A big test looms in August : the U.S. in Mexico City to play the Mexican nationals .
Will the Americans fight as hard as they did last week ?
Another key test is a long - term one : how to take advantage of the deep and continuous boom in youth soccer .
Advertisement
“ We have to create a link for the kids between going to the games on weekends . . . and what happened on the field in South Africa on Sunday , ” Gulati said .
“ All the kids playing Little League baseball , they feel that link , that connection , with a guy like A - Rod. . . .
We must do the same . ”
This should n’t be hard .
In the Southern California - based Coast Soccer League , one of the largest competitive youth leagues in America , participation was swelling long before the Confederations Cup .
The league this year will have about 2,600 teams , 300 more than last year , meaning 40,000 boys and girls play high - level soccer in this league alone .
Think 40,000 kids are playing football in Southern California ?
Think again .
Think soccer ’s Tiger Woods is among them ?
He or she could well be .
Tellingly , going deeper inside the numbers , Coast Soccer League official Michelle Romero estimated at least 60 % of the teams are predominantly Latino , largely the urban sons and daughters of immigrants , or immigrants themselves .
Advertisement
Here lies the future , the match that can start a fire .
As is happening in many other areas in American life , it will be these kids who shape the way the game is viewed , kids who live in homes in which futbol has been revered for generations , kids overlooked by skeptics who say the world ’s game will never truly be one of “ our ” games .
Soccer skeptics , sorry , you ’re wrong .
Times are changing ; the nation and world are changing .
Slowly , then at breakneck speed , our favorite sports will change too .
Soccer fans , keep your heads , and have no fear .
The foundation for your sport is strong , and growing .
It might never bethe mythical national pastime .
It does n’t need to be .
Advertisement
--
kurt.streeter@latimes.com
Most people in America …claim to love America .
Ask them why , you ’re likely to hear about “ freedom , ” and “ free market , ” and “ opportunity , ” and most of all “ democracy . “
These aspects of the American ideal are not only important …. they are intertwined .
For example : without free speech and free press …democracy , cannot function for the benefit of the people .
As Thomas Jefferson once said “ An informed citizenry is the bulwark of democracy . “
Imagine a country where all the people are not informed , because the press is stifled ( or just ineffective ) and public information / education is restricted ( or again , ineffective ) .
Now imagine that the people in that country can’t even discuss the issues that are facing them .
They not only do n’t have any information … they ca n’t discuss the issues at all , because their speech is prohibited .
What good would DEMOCRACY do those people ?
People who cannot even vote for what is in their best interests … because they cannot DETERMINE what is in their best interests … because they are so easily manipulated and confused and have no way to tell LIE from TRUTH .
Welcome to the America of today … courtesy of the far - right movement , who claim so often to care for “ country first . ”
That ’s right : since the start of the Bush administration , conservatives in America have done their level best to ensure that this country does not have an “ informed citizenry . “
Their own media apparatus sells Republican Party press releases as “ news “ … and any legitimate news organization that publishes any facts that reflect poorly on conservatives , are denounced as “ liberally biased , ” regardless of what the truth is .
Any plan or action instituted by Democrats ( or any liberal or moderate organization ) is summarily rejected regardless of what good it might do for the people of this country .
Massive propaganda campaigns are set up to utilize fear and disinformation so that the people of this country will actually do the “ dirty work ” for the conservatives .
I repeat : the people are convinced and coerced to act against their OWN BEST INTERESTS .
You ’ve Seen These Strategies : ONE ) label your opponents as strange / scary / un- Christian / un- American/weak/elitist / communist .
TWO )
Fill the airwaves with “ news ” and pundits reporting to have “ facts “ … and present your deceptions to the people ( you would n’t believe how many will accept lies without questioning ) .
And there is a THIRD , no so much new as “ newly - perfected ” strategy : organize mobs of people , staged to appear as a “ natural populist uprising “ … using paid members of your organization and whatever extremist wing - nuts you can scrounge up .
Train these people to disrupt anyone who even attempts to communicate facts … to shout over anyone who they disagree with …to interrupt anyone trying to become an “ informed citizen . ”
Current examples :
Harold Meyerson details this “ policy of disruption ” and cites an amazingly fitting quote from the poet William Butler Yeats : “ The best lack all conviction , while the worst are full of passionate intensity .
“ The people lacking conviction … are the local constituency .
The citizens in the areas where these town halls have taken place are largely liberal .
Why are n’t THEY at the meetings ?
Some of the disrupted town halls are in predominantly African - American districts … similarly , why are n’t THEY at the meetings ?
Because they are not attending and becoming more informed … the meetings are largely attended by local seniors … and the hooligans bused in by lobbyists and conservative - action groups , many of whom often DON ’T EVEN LIVE IN THE DISTRICT .
“ The people lacking conviction … .
The citizens in the areas where these town halls have taken place are largely liberal .
Why are n’t at the meetings ?
Some of the disrupted town halls are in predominantly African - American districts … similarly , why are n’t at the meetings ?
Because they are not attending and becoming more informed … the meetings are largely attended by local seniors … and the hooligans bused in by lobbyists and conservative - action groups , many of whom often .
The “ protesters ” you see in the clips making the rounds ?
A lot of them were wrangled by the group Conservatives for Patients ’
Rights , a group led by controversial former hospital CEO Rick Scott … and using the services of CRC Public Relations .
Remember CRC ?
They ’re the ones who brought you the series of shameful lies that have come to be known as the “ swiftboat ” attacks … where an honored war veteran was disgracefully made out to be a coward by this amoral , unethical , and shameless PR firm .
They ’re the ones who brought you the series of shameful lies that have come to be known as the “ swiftboat ” attacks … where an honored war veteran was disgracefully made out to be a coward by this amoral , unethical , and shameless PR firm .
Other mobs were coordinated , bused , and “ trained ” by a group called FreedomWorks led by former Republican Majority Leader Dick Armey .
The “ training memo ” they released told their members to “ stand up and shout out and sit right back down ” and even though they would not be the majority in the meetings ( the vast majority of people in America SUPPORT the reform plan AND the public option ) , they should spread out so the presenter is “ made to feel that a majority , and if not , a significant portion of at least the audience , opposes the socialist agenda of Washington .
“ They were told to interrupt the presenter and ANY CITIZEN who tried to ask questions or make comments … especially comments supporting the plan .
It is worth noting that one of the FreedomWorks Board members …is the founder of the “ Cancer Centers of America …he was also the president of International Capital & Management Co. , an organization specializing in making hospitals more efficient and cost - effective . “ That ’s right – another health care / insurance executive trying to get US to vote against OUR interests … and in favor of preserving the industry ’s bad practices and high profit margins .
” and even though they would not be the majority in the meetings ( the vast majority of people in America the reform plan the public option ) , they should spread out so the presenter is “ “ They were told to interrupt the presenter and who tried to ask questions or make comments … especially comments supporting the plan .
It is worth noting that one of the FreedomWorks Board members …is the founder of the “ “ That ’s right – another health care / insurance executive trying to get to vote against interests … and in favor of preserving the industry ’s bad practices and high profit margins .
You can forget about the major networks and media helping you out .
CBS reported on the disturbances … but neglected to mention that these protests were sponsored by corporate lobbyists , PR firms , and conservative action groups ( that are in bed with corporate lobbyists ) .
Of course , if their goal was an “ informed citizenry ” then they should have mentioned it , but they are either afraid of being called “ liberally - biased , ” or the corporate executives who OWN their news organizations did n’t want you to know the whole story .
Strangely , the major news networks also did n’t focus on the LARGE demonstrations of SUPPORT for the reform plan…mentioned in this newspaper …and in this article … and here ’s another rare mention of the OVERWHELMING public support for the public option .
afraid of being called “ liberally - biased , ” or the corporate executives who their news organizations did n’t want you to know the whole story .
Strangely , the major news networks also did n’t focus on the demonstrations of for the reform plan…mentioned in this newspaper …and in this article … and here ’s another rare mention of the public support for the public option .
White House Press Secretary Gibbs … and others who have been paying attention … realize that this is not the first time this tactic has been employed .
In Florida in 2000 , it was decided that the recount of the thousands of remaining ballots would be performed to determine the outcome of the Presidential election .
This resulted in what is known as the “ Brooks Brothers Brigade : ” it was intended to look as if a group of “ concerned citizens ” stormed the building where the recount was being held because they were “ defending their democracy . ”
In reality …almost all the “ protesters ” were RNC employees and insiders who did nothing more than to shut down a LEGAL RECOUNT by making public officials afraid for their safety .
AND THAT …is NOT democracy .
Here , Rachel Maddow recounts the event and even shows a picture of the “ protesters ” and identifies each on by name and their relationship to the Republican Party .
There ’s a fly in the conservatives ’ ointment , though …and they have become so entrenched within their own ideals and their own supporters … that they do n’t even see it .
People may be fooled by the name - calling and labeling tactics … people may well be deceived into thinking their right - wing newscasts are real and that their pundits ’ information is reliable … but when people see an angry mob shutting down a town hall meeting and preventing others from speaking : they see extremists .
See , if there is one thing Americans are sensitive to …it is being allowed to speak .
Everyone in this country believes , right or wrong , that they deserve to be heard .
And so , if they want to lose the support of EVEN MORE of conservatives , and EVEN MORE of the independents … they should just keep busing their angry , fake “ mobs ” to disrupt civil discourse .
They should just keep right on showing us that , for them , it is anything but “ country first . ”
Read here , here , and here … and see how easy they ’ve made it for Obama , the DNC , and other Democrats to paint their people as ignorant , crazed , fringe lunatics who are dangerous to our democracy … all they have to do …is show the clips .
Need a visual aid ?
Watch House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer in Utica , New York …and watch for the senior , an older woman , attempting to participate in her country ’s future … and watch her face as she is rudely interrupted … the Republicans should try to imagine how angry THE REST OF US get when we see this taking place :
NOTE : If you look for this clip on YouTube , you will find it titled “ Outraged Average Citizen Confronts House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , Says Hoyer ’s Lying ” by some group called ConservativeNewMedia , “ Your Lying to Me ” posted by FoxNewsElectionHQ , and “ Dem Protester Confronts Steny Hoyer Over Health Care @ Town Hall ” posted by Story Balloon .
“ Average Citizen ” and “ Dem ? ” I do n’t think so … that Don Jeror , head of the local Tea Party group of anti-government extremists , white supremacists , and goofballs who ’ve forgotten to take their meds … so let ’s not make it out like he ’s “ just some average democrat . ”
It ’s appropriate that he put “ patriots ” in quotation marks on his sign … because there is nothing patriotic about what he is doing .
Is Nothing Sacred in This Recession ?
Reader 's Digest Set to File for Bankruptcy
Reader 's Digest -- an American media icon of the 20th century , thanks to its inspiring , safe - for - family - reading articles and folksy , cornpone humor -- is planning to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization .
Parent company Reader 's Digest Association has had trouble since going private in 2007 , cutting costs and trying to stay relevant in the post- ironic , niche - driven 21st - century media landscape , a place than can be tough sledding for an earnest , general - interest magazine .
The magazine still maintains it is the world 's largest paid circulation magazine , selling 8 million copies per month in the U.S .
According to the magazine 's demographic research , the median age of a Reader 's Digest reader is 52 and has a household income of about $ 58,000 .
The bankruptcy would apply only to Readers Digest U.S. holdings .
Its businesses Canada , Latin America , Europe , Africa , Asia , Australia and New Zealand would be unaffected .
The publication has offices in 44 nations , a testament to the magazine 's onetime ability to distill and distribute content around the world .
“ Restructuring our debt will enable us to have the financial flexibility to move ahead with our growth and transformational initiatives , ” president and chief executive Mary Berner said in a statement .
Debt is hurting Reader 's Digest ; the bankruptcy plan -- which has been accepted by creditors -- allows it to cut debt from $ 2.2 billion to $ 550 million .
When a public company goes private , it has to buy back stock from shareholders to get it all out of circulation .
To do so usually requires borrowing money .
If you over - borrow and under - perform , then you get a debt problem .
This is exactly what has happened to media giant Tribune in its $ 13 billion going - private transaction in 2007 and why it declared bankruptcy one year later .
Folio : magazine reported on Friday that Reader 's Digest was in danger of missing a loan payment this week , which may have spurred today 's news of the pending restructuring .
In January , the magazine fired eight percent of its staff in a cost - cutting move .
If we had been paying closer attention to Reader 's Digest , we would have noticed this December 2008 note from Standard & Poor 's lowering its issue - level rating on the magazine 's parent company 's senior secured debt , saying that company " would be sold as part of an orderly liquidation following a default . " ( ! )
The magazine was founded in 1922 with the idea of condensing articles from other magazines .
Popular features were added , including " Humor in Uniform , " " Increase Your Word Power " and " Life in These United States . "
The magazine 's 1952 " Cancer By the Carton " series , linking smoking to cancer , was the first major blow suffered by the tobacco industry and spurred government and legal action against the industry , leading to public health campaigns against smoking .
-- Frank Ahrens
Sign up to get The Ticker on Twitter
Update .
The video via rhfactor .
In his column in today 's Huffington Post , Jason Linkins described Pat Buchanan as in full " panic attack " mode as evidenced by his musings in his most recent column disparaging Sonia Sotomayor .
Buchanan continued to unravel today on the Rachel Maddow show , but for once , someone stood up to him and called him out on his racist views .
After listening to Buchanan claim that Sonia Sotomayor is ONLY a SC nominee because she is a " Latina Woman , " Maddow directly asked him to explain why he seems to think white people are getting the short end of the stick , given that of the 110 justices that have served on the highest court , 108 have been white .
It 's a great line of reasoning -- if you think we are in a post - racial society then you must think white men are just smarter and harder working than the rest of us , right ?
Buchanan began to dig himself further into the hole he lives in by explaining to her that it 's only logical , given that this country was built by white men !
I guess all us women and minorities have just been lucky enough to be a part of it ???
Later , the interview entered an ever lower level of absurdity .
After Maddow again asked him to reconcile his " whites are victims " rhetoric with the fact that 108 of 110 Supreme Court justices in our history have been white , Buchanan started offering " other " examples to make a point that seemed to suggest some people are " naturally " better at things than others , including the following : " I believe everyone should get a chance to excel and be on the US Supreme Court .
But if I look at the US Track Team and the Olympics and they ’re all black folks , I do n't automatically think it 's discrimination . "
HUH ????
So black people are naturally better at track and White men are naturally better at intellectual pursuits like the Supreme Court ?
At this point , Maddow was fed up and decided to ask him if he is " happy " that we have a Latina on cusp of the Supreme Court .
" Is that a positive " she asked ?
Not surprisingly , Buchanan refused to answer .
She asked him again and he managed the following .
" If you say be the best we can be , we 're not being the best we can be with Sonia Sotomayor and I think you know it . "
Maddow kept her cool during the whole thing , but made her point clear at the end :
" A lot of things divide us Pat ; for you to privilege race and say that what we really need to do is make sure that we tap into white people 's racial grievances , you 're dating yourself and playing with fire . "
Bravo Rachel !
Finally : MSNBC must stop giving this man a public platform to to make continued racist / sexist / homophobic rants .
I do n't care that he gives conservatives a bad name -- it 's not worth the sacrifice of " normalizing " this type of discourse .
Look mom – no pedals !
Ever wonder how Lance Armstrong 's mom taught him to ride ?
While , we may never know the answer to that , most parents are content to realize their child is not the next Lance Armstrong headed for the Tour de France , we at least would like to see our child independently ride down a bike path alongside the family .
Riding bicycles is great exercise and a wonderful form of physical education .
Wait for a nice fair weather day & off you go with an energized , workout for the entire family .
But , if you have a child who has not yet mastered the skill of bike riding , these days can be more effort than they seem to be worth .
It ’s just like riding a bike , the saying goes .
But , any parent trying to teach their child to ride may feel as though there ’s a lot more to learning how to ride a bike than meets the eye .
It ’s very typical to end the afternoon with an exhausted parent and a frustrated child who thinks they will never learn .
But , there is a technique for teaching a child how to ride a bike that just may make these lessons easier .
The idea is to take the pedals off of the child ’s bike and lower the seat so the child can sit on the bike & reach the ground flat - footed .
With this technique , some children have learned in as little as an hour or two .
Websites like ridingmadeeasy.com give helpful tips for making bike riding easier on the parent as well as the child .
There are even group classes taught in some cities where children learn to master the balance needed to ride a bike .
Following is a YouTube video that demonstrates this technique from Bike New York :
Other helpful suggestions include not holding your child ’s seat and running alongside , but put your hand on their shoulder .
This helps them get a real sense of balance on the bike .
For step - by - step instructions and more videos on this technique , International Bicycle Fund explains how to bicycle without pain , teaching bicycling without strain – And , not just for little kids either .
If you ’re not wanting to dismantle and re-mantle a bike you currently own , they do sell
No pedal bikes on which your children can learn to ride , and then purchase one with pedals later , after they have the balance - learning conquered .
It may be considered a new technique , but really it dates back to the invention of the bicycle .
The early bicycles had no pedals whatsoever .
In fact , according to Enchanted Learning.com the first bicycle was more of a scooter called a celerifere .
Later , in 1816 , a handlebar was added and the wheels were changed to be the same size calling it a Draisienne .
But , there were no pedals .
Some of them were called velocipedes or Fast Foot .
In fact , chains and rubber wheels were not added to the bicycle until the 1860s .
For more information , you could even plan a family trip someday if it fits into your vacation plans to the velocipedes museum in Delaware , or save the gas and time and just visit their website .
The idea of no pedals on a bike is not new , but according to some is very effective .
If this technique is effective for you , then in no time at all , your family can be enjoying the togetherness and physical education that bicycling can bring .
Who knows , your child may even end up in the Tour de France someday .
When asked how they got there , they will reply – with no pedals !
Whether you choose to teach your child how to ride a bike with the no-pedal method or with training wheels or with a tag - along attached bicycle , please - please - put a helmet on their little heads before climbing aboard the bike .
And , before they ride on a street , make sure they know proper safety techniques as well as something as simple as how to read or recognize street signs and what they mean .
Knee pads , elbow pads & wrists guards never hurt either as well as simple measures like tucking your child ’s pants into their socks and making sure their laces are tied and tucked into shoe to avoid getting tangled up in bike ’s moving parts .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gordon Brown is waiting to see whether his limited cabinet reshuffle has served to quell unrest among Labour MPs after a tumultuous week for the party .
The prime minister responded to a string of ministerial resignations and a " painful " English elections drubbing by vowing : " I will not walk away . "
Labour is bracing itself for Sunday 's European election results .
Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw said he hoped Labour activists would give MPs the message to " rally round " Mr Brown .
Mr Bradshaw , promoted in the reshuffle , said the PM was the best man to lead the UK during the current economic crisis .
And veteran Labour MP Tony Wright told BBC Radio 4's Today : " People are saying to us ' stop the infighting , stop the caballing , stop the organising against the leadership ' . "
He added that although Mr Brown might be a " clunky communicator " he was " a towering figure who has brought the world through the worst financial crisis for 60 years " .
Colleagues have also been defending Mr Brown after departing Europe Minister Caroline Flint accused him of sexism .
CABINET RESHUFFLE NEW JOBS :
Alan Johnson - Home secretary
Andy Burnham - Health
Yvette Cooper - Work and pensions
Bob Ainsworth - Defence
John Denham - Communities
Liam Byrne - Chief Secretary to the Treasury
Ben Bradshaw - Culture
Lord Adonis - Transport
Peter Hain - Welsh Office
Glenys Kinnock - Europe ( non-Cabinet post )
Sir Alan Sugar - Enterprise tsar ( non-Cabinet post ) QUITTING :
John Hutton
James Purnell
Jacqui Smith
Hazel Blears
Geoff Hoon
Paul Murphy
Caroline Flint ( Minister of State )
Tony McNulty ( Minister of State )
Margaret Beckett ( Minister of State )
LIVE : Brown fights for his future Tories and Lib Dems in poll wins
In full : Brown 's new cabinet
In her resignation letter , Ms Flint said the prime minister had created a " two - tier " cabinet , with several of the women serving as " little more than female window dressing " .
Peter Hain , who returned to his former role as Welsh secretary , said : " We have more women in senior positions in the cabinet now ... than ever before in Britain 's history . "
Loyalist backbencher Geraldine Smith , who represents Morecambe and Lunesdale , said Ms Flint had " a bit of a strop " because she had not been offered the promotion she expected .
Ms Flint , the MP for Don Valley in South Yorkshire , had appeared on television a day earlier to back Mr Brown .
That was before James Purnell resigned as work and pensions secretary with a direct challenge to Mr Brown to step down .
While Geoff Hoon and John Hutton also walked out on their respective transport and defence jobs , they did not echo Mr Purnell 's call .
Even so , Mr Brown still had to field questions about his future when he revealed his new - look cabinet at a press conference .
" If I did n't think I was the right person to lead these challenges I would not be standing here , " he said .
" I have faith in doing my duty ... I believe in never walking away in difficult times . "
He said the current political crisis , fuelled by the Westminster expenses scandal , was " a test of everyone 's nerve - mine , the government 's , the country 's " .
Mr Brown defended Chancellor Alistair Darling as a " very good personal friend " and said the idea that the pair were split over the economy was " ridiculous " .
Alan Johnson , who has been touted as a potential alternative to lead the party , said he backed Mr Brown " to the hilt " and was " really pleased " to be made home secretary .
Several of the women attending Cabinet - myself included - have been treated by you as little more than female window dressing
Caroline Flint , former Europe minister
Flint 's ' window dressing ' attack Mr Brown also chose to expand Lord Mandelson 's business role , giving him responsibility for higher education and training and the title of First Secretary of State .
Commentators have described him as effectively deputy prime minister .
BBC political correspondent Ben Wright said Mr Brown had kept his would - be challengers " on side " .
But he added : " The pressure on the prime minister is huge and the mood in the Labour party is demoralised and volatile . "
Speculation about Mr Brown 's future continued as Labour MP Ian Gibson said he was standing down to force a by - election in Norwich North adding that the prime minister 's days were " close to being numbered " .
Former arts minister Mark Fisher joined those calling on Mr Brown to go .
Labour lost control of its four remaining English county councils on Thursday , with BBC projections putting the party 's share of the national vote at a general election at a record low of 23 % .
Wyn Grant , professor of politics at the University of Warwick , said he expected the European election results to bring " more bad news " on Sunday .
Mr Brown has seen off the ministerial revolt and it is now up to backbench Labour MPs to decide whether they accept that verdict or conclude that their weakened leader should be finished off .
Nick Robinson 's blog The Blairite former cabinet minister Stephen Byers said : " On Monday Labour MPs will be considering a very important question - is Gordon Brown a winner or is Gordon Brown a loser ? "
For the Conservatives , shadow communities and local government secretary Caroline Spelman , told BBC Radio 4's Today : " What people want is a General Election .
They want a fresh start .
They want a leader who can lead .
" He may have shuffled the pack yesterday but I think some of the cards are a little on the dog - eared side . "
Liberal Democrats Home Affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said losing six cabinet ministers in three days had left the government in an " unbelievable shambles " .
" This is an extraordinary situation when people are worried about their jobs , the economy , the state of their homes .
" We are getting no leadership from the government whatsoever , " he said .
And , in a sign of the continuing febrile atmosphere Gordon Brown was forced to defend his expenses again over suggestions in the Daily Telegraph he claimed for electricity bills and service charges on two properties between 2005 and 2007 .
A Number 10 spokesman insisted Mr Brown had complied with the rules at all times , a fact backed up by the Commons authorities , but he had agreed to repay about £ 180 " for the avoidance of doubt " .
*
There will be a Newsnight special : Brown on the Brink on BBC Two at 1930 BST on Saturday
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With the storage capacities of iPhones and iPod touches on the rise , consumers are likely to begin carrying more and more of their digital video content on the devices , and could soon have the capability to project those videos for friends and family just about anywhere .
According to Taiwanese rumor site DigiTimes , Foxlink , a subsidiary of Apple 's iPhone manufacturing partner Foxconn , is currently developing its own micro projector technology that should begin making its way into integrated devices as early as this year .
The publication cited sources " with Taiwan handset makers " who say that tier I smartphone makers such Nokia , Samsung and Apple , " reportedly all plan to launch handsets with built - in micro projectors by the end of this year . "
Micro projects are an emerging technology for small form - factor handheld devices comprised of miniaturized hardware and software that can project digital images onto any nearby viewing surface , such as a wall of projection screen .
They 're positioned at devices like the iPhone and iPod touch , which are sometimes too tiny to accommodate interfaces for connecting directly to external displays or televisions .
Several third parties have already taken to developing standalone micro projectors that can attach to existing iPhones and iPods , like Microvision 's portable PicoP projector that was profiled by AppleInsider when it drew crowds at January 's Macworld Expo .
Still a prototype at the time , device worked with either a composite video or RGB video input at standard definition WVGA video resolution ( 848x480 ) , optionally displayed in a 16:9 wide aspect ratio .
The battery was rated for 2 hours , and the focus - free unit was shown projecting a picture up to about 100 inches diagonal .
Perhaps you 've heard of the relatively new HPV vaccine , Gardasil .
If you have a preteen or teenage daughter -- or if you 've simply been conscious since the vaccine was approved in 2006 -- we 'll assume you have .
The vaccine has been marketed , quite heavily , as a way to protect against four strains of the human papilloma virus -- two types blamed for 70 % of cervical cancers , and two types blamed for 90 % of genital warts .
Almost as soon as doctors and their medical organizations began recommending it , however , push - back from consumers started -- with questions about the vaccine 's effectiveness plus complaints about the cost , the number of shots required ( three ) and , oh right , the negative reactions .
Some patients say they became dizzy after getting the vaccine ; others reported headaches , fever and fainting .
The vaccine was even suspected in some seizures and deaths .
Now , with more than 23 million doses having been administered in the U.S. by the end of last year , researchers with the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which recommended Gardasil , and the Food and Drug Administration , which approved Gardasil , have taken a look at the data on the adverse reactions to the vaccine .
And they 've found ... eh , it 's safe .
They write : " Most of the AEFI rates [ adverse events following immunization ] were not greater than the background rates compared with other vaccines , but there was disproportional reporting of syncope [ fainting ] and venous thromboembolic events [ blood clots ] . "
They conclude that most of the adverse events were n't very serious and that the vaccine has the potential to greatly reduce global HPV - related illnesses and deaths .
( The number of deaths from cervical cancer is much higher elsewhere in the world ; in the U.S. , the pap smear screening reduced such deaths 74 % between 1955 and 1992 .
The American Cancer Society expects just over 4,000 deaths from cervical cancer in the U.S. this year .
More of that info here . )
Here 's the short version of that new report , published today in the Journal of the American Medical Assn .
A related article , however , takes issue with the marketing of the vaccine and the professionalism of the doctors and medical groups who jumped behind it .
Sheila Rothman and David Rothman of Columbia College write :
" By making the vaccine 's target disease cervical cancer , the sexual transmission of HPV was minimized , the threat of cervical cancer to adolescents was maximized , and the subpopulations most at risk practically ignored .
The vaccine manufacturer also provided educational grants to professional medical associations ( PMAs ) concerned with adolescent and women 's health and oncology .
The funding encouraged many PMAs to create educational programs and product - specific speakers ' bureaus to promote vaccine use .
However , much of the material did not address the full complexity of the issues surrounding the vaccine and did not provide balanced recommendations on risks and benefits .
As important and appropriate as it is for PMAs to advocate for vaccination as a public good , their recommendations must be consistent with appropriate and cost - effective use . "
And that 's just when they 're getting warmed up .
Taking into account both articles is a related editorial .
It states : " Whether a risk is worth taking depends not only on the absolute risk , but on the relationship between the potential risk and the potential benefit .
If the potential benefits are substantial , most individuals would be willing to accept the risks .
But the net benefit of the HPV vaccine to a woman is uncertain .
Even if persistently infected with HPV , a woman most likely will not develop cancer if she is regularly screened .
So rationally she should be willing to accept only a small risk of harmful effects from the vaccine . "
Here 's the full version of that essay .
And here 's the Gardasil website , in case you 're interested .
And the " One Less " commercial , courtesy of YouTube .
Also instructive , as a timeline , is previous L.A. Times coverage of the vaccine and the reaction to it .
December 2008 : Low allergic reaction rate seen in Gardasil study
October 2008 : Immigrants ' advocates decry Gardasil requirement
August 2008 : Gardasil 's chorus of doubters
May 2007 : Benefits of HPV vaccine questioned
March 2007 : HPV : Men can get it too
February 2007 : Millions of women carry HPV strains that vaccine can block
February 2007 : HPV vaccine : Who chooses ?
February 2007 : Texas requires HPV vaccine
January 2007 : Vaccine industry is being revived
June 2006 : For women already exposed to HPV , shots may not be as helpful
June 2006 : Cervical cancer vaccine approved
-- Tami Dennis
Top photo : A teen gets a shot of the HPV vaccine .
Photo credit : Associated Press
Lower photo : Gardasil .
Photo credit : AFP / Getty Images
What is GoTopless.org ?
We are a U.S. - based organization founded in 2007 by spiritual leader Rael and we claim that women have the same constitutional right that men have to go bare - chested in public .
" As long as men are allowed to be topless in public , women should have the same constitutional right .
Or else , men should have to wear something to hide their chests " Rael , founder of GoTopless.org and spiritual leader of the Raelian Movement .
FREE YOUR BREASTS !
FREE YOUR MIND !
View more FAQs or View a list of cities that are participating in ' GoTopless Day ' .
By Anonymous - 3/8/2009 14:50 - United States
Today , I got fired from work .
Why ?
I finally took a stand for myself and confronted my co-worker of writing things up in my name for herself , and it getting deducted from my check .
So she goes to the manager and accuses me of sexual harassment .
Everyone applauded .
FML
This post is a status update in honor of the day - - on how far we have come and our immediate challenges .
Exactly one hundred and fifty years ago , on August 27 , 1859 , the first commercial oil well in the US began producing .
The subsequent petroleum bounty has enabled and defined modern civilization .
A Brief History of Oil
People have used oil obtained from the ground since at least 4,000BC .
In the Middle East , crude oil that seeped to the surface was used to waterproof boats and as an adhesive in the construction of buildings and roads .
Crude oil was also refined in minor quantities for lamp and heating oil in ancient China , though this technology never made it directly to modern times .
By 600 AD , the Byzantines used crude oil to produce a flame - throwing weapon known as Greek fire .
The modern oil industry began as a result of the search for inexpensive lighting .
Until 1859 , most people obtained artificial light by burning animal fats in the form of beeswax candles or whale oil .
Whale oil shed the purest light of all available fuels , and became a luxury product .
Overfishing led to a decline in the whale population ( click here to see a cool whale video today ) and a sharp increase in whale oil prices .
In order to take advantage of the high prices of illumination , a group of investors hired a railroad conductor named Edwin Drake to head to a location close to where traces of crude oil had been observed on the surface .
After a nervous few weeks in rural Pennsylvania , Drake struck oil on August 27 , 1859 .
The 69 foot deep well on a salt dome rock formation yielded around 15 barrels a day .
Others quickly followed Drake and drilling soon spread across the region .
The petroleum that flowed from this well in what became known as Oil Creek , near Titusville , Pennsylvania , started the modern oil industry we know today ( oil had been produced in other parts of the world , but the Titusville well kicked off industry on a large scale ) .
The new industry was gradually consolidated and monopolized by one man , John D. Rockefeller , and his Standard Oil Company .
In 1911 , Standard Oil was split by anti-monopoly legislation into several competing firms .
Esso ( “ S. O. ” for Standard Oil ) , which later became Exxon , remains the most well known of the Standard Oil children .
Up until the early 1900s , although economically important for lighting , oil was not used for much else .
This quickly changed with the development of mass produced automobiles and aircraft such that by the 1950s oil had almost completely transitioned to being a transportation fuel .
Today ( see charts below ) , two - thirds of oil is used for transportation with the remaining third used for heating oil , plastics and road surfacing .
A very small amount of oil is used for electricity generation as oil is generally more expensive than coal or natural gas .
Charts are based on 2007 data .
Chart source : Page 7 of Oil 101 .
Data from EIA and IEA .
The success of the oil industry in finding oil has always been its greatest challenge .
Oil prices remained low during long periods of unforeseen oversupply while demand steadily caught up .
Standard Oil managed excess production capacity initially .
Then , in the early 1930s , the Texas Railroad Commission ( TRC ) and similar but smaller organizations in other oil producing US states were given a government mandate to impose production restrictions to ration the amount of crude produced in each state .
The US was a very large crude oil producer at that time and the government sought to prevent the bankruptcy of the industry during the Great Depression .
The global pricing ability of the TRC disappeared in 1970 when US oil production began to steadily decline .
OPEC ( the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ) was formed in 1960 in Baghdad .
This new organization took over the role of managing excess production capacity in 1971 .
Today , OPEC members control just over 40 % of global crude oil production .
While non-OPEC producers generally pump as fast as they can , OPEC members occasionally restrain oil supply in order to support prices .
In the late 1970s and 1980s , oil began to be traded on futures exchanges .
Heating oil futures first traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) in 1978 , followed by gasoline futures in 1981 , and crude oil futures in 1983 .
This created price transparency between producers and consumers never witnessed before and finally removed oil price determination from the shady smoke - filled rooms where prices had been set previously .
What is crude oil ?
Organic materials such as plankton and algae that have been deposited in sedimentary layers over many years on ocean and floors are believed to account for most crude oil .
Contrary to popular perception , dinosaurs and other large animals are not thought to account for much oil .
All living creatures are composed of the elements carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen , sulfur , phosphorus , along with minor amounts of other elements .
Crude oil is composed of these same elements in addition to small amounts of inorganic materials picked up from the surrounding area .
If buried deep enough and long enough the heat and pressure closer to the earth ’s core combines the hydrogen and carbon over time to produce hydrocarbon molecules .
The primary factor which makes oil so valuable is that these liquid hydrocarbon molecules quickly release a large amount of energy as heat when combined with oxygen in a process called oxidization , more commonly referred to as combustion or burning .
Being lighter than surrounding rock , newly formed crude oil tends to head to the surface where it evaporates or is eaten by bacteria .
If it is to be found today , the oil needs have been trapped under a suitable cap rock on its way to the surface .
A crude oil reservoir does not resemble an underground lake ; instead , an accumulation of crude oil is contained between grains of sand or within tiny pores inside an otherwise solid rock matrix , like a rigid finely perforated sponge .
The hundreds of different grades of crude oil produced today are literally crude .
To be used , they must be boiled in a refinery to separate out individual finished products including gasoline , diesel , heating oil , jet , and residual fuel .
Each product has a different boiling temperature range .
The two factors which are most important for refineries to know about crude oil are its density and sulfur content .
In general , less dense , or lighter , crude is more valuable -- it will more easily yield high value light products such as gasoline .
Heavy crude oils can be processed to yield light products also , but only with the use of expensive and energy intensive processes which crack the heavier molecules .
Crude oil can be referred to as being sweet -- low in sulfur , or sour - - high in sulfur .
Sulfur corrodes metal piping and tanks in producer and refining facilities .
It also becomes a pollutant when burned , and sulfur in tailpipe exhaust damages catalytic converters .
Refineries have to use costly methods to remove the sulfur from products such as gasoline and diesel , so the less sulfur in the crude to begin with , the better .
The Future
Global oil discoveries have declined steadily since the early 1960s despite periods of high prices and advances in exploration and production technology .
The deficit has grown such that around the world we are now consuming roughly three times the amount of oil we are discovering each year .
The current rate of daily oil supply ( around 85 million barrels per day ) is becoming increasingly difficult and more expensive to maintain .
Between September 2005 ( see story ) and July 2008 the global oil market ran out of spare production capacity .
With all the taps fully open , supply could not meet demand .
Oil consumers were shocked by this rare event .
Oil prices rose to a peak of US $ 147 per barrel in 2008 , in order to slow down demand growth .
The first annual fall in oil demand since the early 1980s began to take place ( see story ) .
Many , including the OECD ’s International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , forecast another supply “ crunch ” between late 2010 and 2012 , depending on how quickly global demand recovers .
Looking forward a little further , the discovery deficit is now so large that the IEA estimates an equivalent of six additional Saudi Arabias need to be found and developed , requiring cumulative investments of US $ 26 trillion , to meet expected 2030 global oil demand .
Just like Edwin Drake and his driller “ Uncle Billy ” on the morning of August 27 , 1859 , unless consumer behavior changes , the oil industry has a lot of work to do .
Jordanian police Sunday arrested 11 people , including trade union leaders , to break up a demonstration against fruit and vegetable imports from Israel , protest organizers said .
They were taken to the Shmeisani police station , in west of Amman , half an hour after they started their protest outside the ministry of agriculture , the sources and an AFP reporter said .
" We demand that the government bans imports of fruits and vegetables from the Zionist entity ( Israel ) , " the 14 trade unions which organized the protest said in a joint statement .
Agriculture Minister Said Masri " should be sacked because he did not do anything to stop such imports and to protect national products , " they added .
Anti-Israel rally in Amman ( Photo : AP )
Police spokesman Mohammed Khatib told AFP the demonstration " was illegal because the organizers did not obtain a permit from the authorities . "
But he did n't confirm or deny that any arrests were made .
Masri , whose country signed a 1994 peace treaty with Israel , said Jordan " imports fruits that are unavailable in the kingdom . "
" We have agreements with Israel , and it's up to the council of ministers to decide ... not the agriculture ministry , " he told the state - run Petra news agency .
Masri said , however , Jordan " rejects all products from Israel 's ( Jewish ) settlements . "
Jordan imported 1,930 metric tons of Israeli fruits and vegetables since the beginning of this year , according to Masri .
Greetings from Portland !
I 'm here for the next few days to work on an episode of Leverage , playing a character who I have a few things in common with , as evidenced by something that happened earlier today during my costume fitting .
The costume designer is an incredibly kind and easy going woman .
She was talking with me about who this character is , what he 's like , and how those things would influence his decisions when it comes to his clothes .
I was glad to have the discussion , because the clothes I wear for a show are very important to me .
I always work hard to find something that is appropriate for the character , but that I 'll also feel comfortable wearing .
She pulled a bunch of different shirts and things off the racks , and said , " So we thought we 'd dress you like a nerd . "
She did n't say it unkindly , it was just matter of fact , the way you 'd say , " You know , I think fish would be nice tonight . "
I looked at the clothes she had in her hands : straight - legged jeans , slip - on Vans , a short - sleeved shirt with a collar and buttons .
" So , kind of like what I 'm already wearing , " I said .
We had a good laugh about that , and for the next few minutes I tried on a bunch of different costumes , all of which could have come out of my own wardrobe .
When my fitting was over , I got to visit with John Rogers and Dean Devlin for a little bit .
I should probably get their permission before I blog about our conversation , but I think it 's okay to say this : I have n't seen Dean since we played hockey together about 17 years ago , and it 's pretty awesome to finally be working together on something .
They had to go do producer -y things , so I walked into the stage to meet with the prop department .
On my way in , I stopped and introduced myself to Christian Kane ( Spencer ) and Aldis Hodge ( Hardison ) , who were hanging out just inside the stage door .
Um , I need to just get this out of the way now : Leverage is the first non-animated show I 've worked on in years where I 'm such a huge fan , I 've already watched every episode and know all the characters .
It was a challenge , but I did a good job of not losing my shit while I talked with them , just like I did when I met Beth Riesgraf ( Parker ) right before I went into the wardrobe fitting .
We only talked for a few minutes before I had to get out of the stage and do some prop stuff , but I liked them right away .
I left the stage feeling pretty confident that I 'm going to have a great time while I 'm here .
Now I 'm going to go learn my lines and prepare for filming tomorrow .
... I 'm not going to lie to you , Marge : I love this .
Bob Chapman | August 12 , 2009
The Fed ’s Wall Street bubble , as we forecast in January , will need at least $ 2 trillion more in 2010 , if the economy is to just stay on an even keel .
The massive debt liquidation particularly in banking , Wall Street and in insurance demands many more trillions of dollars .
$ 23.4 trillion is not going to be enough .
Presently the Fed is in the process of monetizing $ 2 trillion in Treasuries , Agency paper , such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and collateralized debt obligations held by lenders .
It is a secret what the Fed is paying for this almost worthless paper .
Is it any wonder the public has lost trust and confidence in these players and our government ?
In order to escape from this global expansion of debt from government , corporations , banking , Wall Street and even state indebtedness , the bubble has to be maintained .
The longer it lasts the worse will be the collapse when it bursts .
Does anyone really believe that this can continue indefinitely ?
People talk about robust inflationary environments in China , Asia and emerging markets
In America the Fed ’s game of lowering interest rates and increasing money and credit and monetizing paper will end over the next two years , maybe three .
What is already in the system guarantees inflation .
Many believe American re-flation boosts real estate values .
Not a chance .
The recovery is not going anywhere .
Americans are starting to save and pay down debt , and that means eventually consumption , as a percentage of GDP will fall to the long - term mean of 64.5 % .
The stock market and major market players are again highly leveraged even after 50 % gains .
They do not seem to understand that the sustained injection of trillions of dollars in money and credit is not going to work .
It is not creating anything .
Wild speculation is fine ; it ’s the leverage that kills .
As a broker I never had a margin account .
The market is not discounting a rosy future , but the players do not understand that .
Prices are simply disconnected from reality .
Short covering and the reversal of derivative positions cannot go on indefinitely .
Market performance is led by second and third tier companies that are in serious positions , some on the edge of bankruptcy .
This is a very frustrating but temporary phenomenon .
You are short failing companies , and good companies languish .
This is one of the unpredictable parts of the market .
All we can say is that current stock market action is a reflection of the current dysfunctional financial chaos that we are trapped in .
Mis-pricing is legion .
All we can say is it is not going to work .
Your only alternative is to back in the safety of gold and silver related assets .
The same elements that were responsible for the collapse of the market in 2000 are at work today .
Incidentally we recommended selling in the second week of April , two weeks after the top .
Only 2 % of analysts accompanied us .
Then again , we called the top at 14,100 .
That element was interest rate carry trades .
The players are taking advantage of the ability to borrow cheap dollars , yen and euros to buy other higher yielding currencies , which in turn strengthens their currencies , making their exports uncompetitive .
South Africa and Turkey are such examples .
Thus , currency appreciation caused by differing interest rates is reigniting third world countries .
Free trade and globalization are having some unintended consequences .
The dollar is headed down and at the G - 20 meeting in London on September 4 - 5 ; the US will ask China and others to cut it more slack , because they can not now reverse the reversal of fortune .
When we called the top on the dollar at 89.5 on the USDX a few months ago we never expected its decent to be as sharp as it has been .
As we write it is 79 , up from 77.60 in a normal bear market rally assisted by a temporary manipulation by the US government that will be of no lasting consequences .
You might call this a normalization process , as a result of the unwinding of dollar gains in the de-leveraging process .
The speculators got out and the banks are still upside down .
The unwinding process is only half complete and that means the dollar will test 71.18 on the USDX by yearend and probably by the end of October .
The banks have to reduce leverage and that makes it a lock .
They are still leveraged 40 to 50 times deposits .
You talk about stupid .
Even Mr. Bernanke tells us tightening by raising interest rates is a long way off .
In addition , world central banks are dollar sellers , even if only in a minor way .
As long as the US Congress refuses to enact tariffs on goods and services the dollar will remain chronically and perpetually weak .
As an aside , the further the dollar weakens the more expensive it will be for the US to purchase foreign goods , which will lead to higher inflation .
That will force further dollar selling .
Thus , you can more clearly see how this combination of events , accompanied by others , will continue to suppress the dollars value .
The result has been that second and third world currencies are strengthening against G - 20 currencies , a result of unintended consequences in the elitists grab for profits and power .
What they have done via free trade and globalization , offshoring and outsourcing is to allow China , Brazil , India and Russia to take their places at the head of the table .
The developed economies have dug their own graves as they experience staggering unemployment and dollar depreciation simultaneously .
It may not be evident now but it is every man for himself sooner than you think .
Already officially manipulating their currencies are Sweden , New Zealand , Australia and the Swiss .
This does not create a fair playing field and it pulls the underpinnings out from under the WTO , the World Trade Organization , which is the major element in the destruction of the industrial power of Japan , Canada , the US and Europe .
All it really was created for was a redistribution of wealth from the first to the second and third worlds in the early 1960s .
We wrote about this in the American Mercury in 1967 , but , of course , no one was listening .
A massive socialization process , a leveling if you may , so that the inhabitants of the world , and particularly the citizens of the more powerful nations , would accept world government .
This did not just happen .
It was done deliberately by design .
As a result of this plan currently these second and third tier nations are growing 50 % faster than the G - 20 , or more specifically Canada , the US and Europe .
We are going to see strong resistance to currency appreciation in the future and increases in subsidies in many nations – first , second and third tier currencies .
Perhaps even currency wars .
The damage done via free trade and globalization is vastly underestimated when related to the first world , which brings us back to the dollar and other carry trades that are a result of this .
It is not only the dollar that will be destroyed , but also all major currencies .
That accomplished , the elitists will then attempt to implant world government .
That is what this is all about and few have the foresight to listen .
Most do not even recognize the enemy at the Council on Foreign relations or at the Bilderberger meetings , because he or she wears a $ 3,000 suit and they look like nice people .
When are people going to wake up and stop allowing themselves to be propagandized ?
Is the fog so thick that they cannot see what is being done to them ?
Do they not understand why they are unemployed ; have to take mandatory swine flu shots ; why socialized medicine will destroy our medical system ; why Cap and Trade is a scam by Goldman Sachs to increase their taxes 20 % or that our privately owned Federal Reserve is totally corrupt ?
This is part of a major plan to destroy the major nations , as we now know them .
The carry trade , derivatives and massive injections of money created out of thin air are but nails in our coffins and if we do not stop these evil people it will mean destruction .
Last March net wealth declined from a peak of $ 22 trillion to $ 12 trillion and due to a bear market rally it has moved back to about $ 15 trillion .
During the past two years consumer debt is about the same , but the market has gotten hit hard .
Household equity is off about 90 % , and had it not been for the personal stimulus package it would have fallen much more .
What is surprising to most but not to us was that the money in money market funds increased as the market fell .
That means that leverage via borrowed money was what has driven the market rally , along with short covering and government manipulation .
The Fed was the biggest factor in rigging this bear rally .
We have probably seen all the public investor buying we are going to see .
The US and European banks were probably given the funds by the Fed with strict instructions to push the equity market higher and use as much leverage as possible .
This rally has not enticed the public to spend more and in fact , retail sales are off 6 % and still falling , thus , no recovery except in the minds of Wall Street and Washington .
Further to the unemployment figures , the birth / death ratio should have been 113,000 job losses higher or about 350,000 .
This year the B/D model has added 879,000 jobs and that figure should be 992,000 , during the worst employment environment since the ‘ Great Depression ” , which is simply beyond belief .
Then to have short - term unemployment fall from 9.5 % to 9.4 % is incredulous .
You ask how did they do that ?
It was due to the fact 637,000 people were dropped from the labor force , not from an increase in employment , but they did end up on the U6 , which officially is 16.8 % unemployment , but if you extract the B/D ratio you end up with unemployment of 20.8 % .
What we have witnessed is more lies and propaganda , as the administration tries to use smoke and mirrors to regain public confidence to get them to increase spending .
Barry and advisors , it is n’t going to work .
They are not that dumb .
Home prices continue to fall nationwide .
Portland , OR is a good example .
It reported a record decline in home values for the 17th straight month in May and month - on - month saw a 16.3 % fall , the biggest decline in the index ’s 22 - year history .
Since the July 2007 peak prices have fallen 21 % and that is the lowest level since May 2005 .
We see the summer pause as natural and as unemployment rises , now by U6 at 20.8 % , they ’ll be more foreclosures and lower prices .
The depression is only pausing to catch its breath .
This past week the Dow gained 2.2 % ; S&P 2.3 % ; the Russell 2000 gained 2.8 % and the Nasdaq 100 gained 1 % .
The homebuilding index rose 13.4 % ; retail 7.5 % ; banks 12.4 % ; broker / dealers 2.9 % ; cyclicals 5.7 % ; transports 4.7 % ; consumers 2.2 % ; utilities 0.2 % ; high tech 1.2 % ; semis fell 1.1 % ; internets gained 1.2 % and biotechs 1.1 % .
Gold bullion was off $ 1.00 and the HUI Index rose 1.6 % .
Two - year T - bills rose 20 bps to 1.20 % ; 10 - year notes 37 bps to 3.86 % and the 10 - year German bund surged 21 bps to 3.51 % .
Fed credit declined $ 32.1 billion and is up $ 122 % yoy .
Fed foreign holders of Treasuries and Agency debt rose $ 17 billion .
Custody holdings for foreign central banks 19.6 % ytd , and were up $ 414 billion yoy or 17.3 % .
M2 narrow money supply jumped $ 24.6 billion to a record $ 8.366 trillion .
Total money market assets fell $ 27.5 billion to $ 3.606 trillion .
The USDX , the dollar index , rose 0.8 % to 78.99 .
The Fed never has and never will get money and credit policy right and that is why we are in part in the difficulties we are in today .
Recently Mr. Bernanke told congress he would not monetize debt and he does so every day .
He says he has the tools to prevent the huge reserves he ’s pumped into the banks from generating inflation that would abort an economic recovery .
There is no possibility he can do that without allowing deflation from escaping from its box .
The answer to that by Ben is that , “ economic conditions are not likely to warrant tighter monetary policy for an extended period . ”
As we all know the Fed has n’t gotten money and credit , M3 , right nor have they gotten interest rates right since 1913 .
The reason for that is that the Fed does what it does to enrich Wall Street .
Once investors understand that the game is rigged the Fed will be eliminated and the revolving door between Wall Street and the beltway will close .
AAA says unleaded gas nationwide is selling at $ 2.64 a gallon .
*****
The Saga of Pat Kiley Struggles Onward :
Rumor reaches us of a Panamanian casino and high - rise condo investments of some of those involved in the disappearance of funds .
Not only is the FBI involved , but also so are the SEC and CFTC , which already have thousands of pages of evidence .
All funds found will remain frozen until the case is completed .
This shapes up to be a prolonged engagement unless defendants default or the SEC does n’t freeze everything earlier than that and appoint a receiver .
There are assets , so it is very important that you now join the lawsuit to recover what you can by contacting the two attorneys in the case .
You have the article we sent before from the Minneapolis Star - Turbine .
It would be a good idea if Beckman joined the present filing as well .
Do not let this opportunity to rescue some of your funds slip through your fingers .
Information continues to leak out regarding the Pat Kiley saga .
Those who would like to join the lawsuit against these characters and to try to get your money back should contact John Harper at 952 885 5969 in Minneapolis , Mn . If your funds are tied up and you want their return it is important you contact Mr. Harper .
The attorneys in the action have been in touch with the SEC and the CFTC , which are investigating the matter .
At this stage formal incompetent and politically driven they just might not want to get involved .
This is a large and convoluted action where some of the assets are in foreign countries .
There are casinos and condos in Panama and an island in Canada .
The main players , Pat Kiley and Trevor Cook , have denied the allegations .
Before the lawsuits were filed some of the players , who obviously saw what was coming , started a parallel operation called , the Oxford Group and conducted business as if nothing had happened .
Talk about gall and arrogance .
The website for Oxford Global Partners touts the currency program as safe and reliable .
It directs prospects to www.thearbitrageroom.com for information and methodology , which promises annual returns targeted at 10.5 % and claims 72 months of positive grains .
As you can see nothing has changed and the SEC has yet to act .
Oxford Global appears to have an arrangement with a Canadian fund called , Tanren Global Strategy , whose CEO has denied comment concerning the connection .
A due diligence memo about the strategy says clients open a brokerage account through Crown Forex SA in Switzerland and sign a management agreement with Tanren .
Tanren does n’t want to talk about it and Crown Forex is in bankruptcy .
In the original arrangement with Kiley and Cook funds were never supposed to be in Crown Forex .
This is it for now .
We ’ll keep you updated .
*****
While Apple goes about defending its iPhone Apps Store from the perceived threat of Google Voice , Google is extending that fledgling service for free to the men and women who defend our country .
Score another public relations round for Google .
Sgt. Dale Sweetnam , who is working with Google 's communications department as part of the Army 's " Training with Industry " program , writes on the company 's official blog :
For servicemen and women who are constantly on the move , having a single number and an easy way to retrieve messages from loved ones can be invaluable .
To help our service members communicate with their loved ones and show our support to those serving our country , Google is launching a new program .
Starting today , any active U.S. service member with a .mil email address can sign up for a Google Voice account at www.google.com/militaryinvite and start using the free service within a day .
When you deploy , your life is put on hold .
While you live and work in a different world , everyone else moves on with life back home .
Your family and friends keep moving , and this sometimes means it 's just not possible for them to stay awake until 2 a .m. to receive a phone call .
Calling Iraq or Afghanistan is seldom an option .
... Google Voice provides a solution to some of these problems .
Meanwhile , Apple continues to face scrutiny from the FCC and heat from all corners of the Internet over its decision to keep its Apps Store clear of Google Voice and Google Voice - enabled applications .
Writes attorney Fred von Lohmann of the Electronic Frontier Foundation :
When a dominant hardware platform vendor teams up with a dominant network services provider ( AT&T ) , and then selectively blocks or hobbles software applications on the platform , consumers should smell an anticompetitive rat .
After all , if Microsoft had a veto right over every app that ran under Windows , and used that power to selectively ban competitors who " duplicate " functionality offered by Microsoft 's own apps , we 'd expect competition regulators to be up in arms .
The combination of Apple 's veto power over the iPhone apps market and AT&T 's handset exclusivity arrangement with Apple should also have consumers and regulators on their guard .
Apple needs to extricate itself from this mess ... in a hurry .
( Update :
If you 're not on the Google Voice beta list , are n't a member of the military , do n't want to enlist , and , are willing to pay a few bucks a month , you might want to check out this Google Voice - like alternative from a startup called 3 jam . )
Unknown to most folks is the U.S government 's war against the small independent dairy farm .
The politically correct posture in mainstream nutrition circles today is a war against saturated fat ( found mostly in animal foods ) .
Brad Edmonds has pointed this out on several occasions .
The FDA , the USDA and numerous state health departments would have conniptions over the articles which have appeared on the LRC website from such libertarian gourmands as Gary North , Brad Edmonds , Karen DeCoster and Jeremy Sapienza extolling the virtues of fatty animal foods and ( gasp ) even raw animal foods .
Gary North would merit particular censure because he dared claim that such a dietary regimen ( which included raw milk and raw organ meats like brain ) saved his life .
I think Brad Edmonds might get a few hacks as well for suggesting that raw or undercooked pork can be eaten safely .
Holy bejeezus !
That must explain the crazy anarcho - capitalist stuff he writes .
An exciting thing ( for me ) is that Gary North , Ph.D. was treated by Francis Pottenger , M.D. , whose book , Pottenger 's Cats , makes a powerful argument for using raw animal foods to prevent and heal disease .
There is even a foundation devoted to preserving and expanding his work , the Price - Pottenger Nutrition Foundation .
The Price - Pottenger Foundation and the Weston A. Price Foundation are primarily dedicated to the work of Dr. Weston A. Price .
This Cleveland dentist was , in my opinion , the greatest clinical nutritionist of the last century .
If you want a primer on real nutrition , his book , Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , is the place to begin .
Dr. Price traveled the world studying societies who for generations had withstood the onslaught of modern degenerative diseases like tooth decay , diabetes , stroke , cancer and coronary heart disease .
His is an ignored work today because the healthiest groups he observed had diets full of butter , cream , milk , meat , seafood of all types , organ meats , etc .
Some of the groups , like the Eskimos and Masai , hardly ate any starchy carbohydrates at all .
The Eskimos had very little carbohydrates of any type in their diet .
The Masai , whose diet consists mainly of milk , meat , and occasionally blood , had and still have as a group one of the lowest cholesterol levels in the world .
He also noted that the distinguishing characteristic of all these groups , regardless of the actual specifics of the diet ( which varied greatly depending on geography which affected the availability of food ) , was the daily use of raw animal foods of some sort , without exception .
And in a further politically incorrect observation , Dr. Price commented that the premier health food around the world was …butter !
One author notes :
" … many people around the globe … have valued butter for its life - sustaining properties for millennia .
When Dr. Weston Price studied native diets in the 1930 ’s he found that butter was a staple in the diets of many supremely healthy peoples .
1 Isolated Swiss villagers placed a bowl of butter on their church altars , set a wick in it , and let it burn throughout the year as a sign of divinity in the butter .
Arab groups also put a high value on butter , especially deep yellow - orange butter from livestock feeding on green grass in the spring and fall .
American folk wisdom recognized that children raised on butter were robust and sturdy ; but that children given skim milk during their growing years were pale and thin , with “ pinched ” faces .
2
~ Sally Fallon and Mary G. Enig , Ph.D. " Why Butter is Better " Health Freedom News , 1999
He noted that whenever people from these groups adopted what he called " the displacing foods of modern commerce " they would invariably suffer from modern degenerative diseases .
Whenever they returned to their native diets they would invariably recover from these diseases .
Perish the thought !
Eating fat and meat to recover your health ?
The low fat ( and vegetarian ) police simply do n't know what to do with his body of material .
For a modern nutritional application of his principles , Nourishing Traditions : The Cookbook that Challenges Politically Correct Nutrition and the Diet Dictocrats , by Sally Fallon with Mary Enig , is a good read even though it is a cookbook .
The first seventy eight pages are priceless and deserve to be in a stand - alone format .
For a modern clinical application of the observations of Price and the work of Pottenger , see We Want To Live by Aajonus Vonderplanitz .
For those of us who are more academically inclined the book will be frustrating for its lack of references , but the story is quite compelling .
It details the use of raw animal foods like meat , milk , butter and cream in healing people of cancer , diabetes , and a host of other diseases .
Price , Pottenger , and many others like them are ignored because we live in a fat phobic and raw phobic society , despite solid evidence that the high - carb low - fat approach is one of the roots of much of what ails us today ( as well as evidence suggesting that Pasteur was wrong and the danger of bacteria and parasites in food is overstated , especially given modern entrepreneurial inventions which do wonders in protecting our food supply .
Some Doctors have even suggested that some diseases are a result of not having enough parasites in our system ) .
While high - fat high - protein diets are all the rage at the moment ( Dr. Atkins and Protein Power for example ) , rest assured the food Nazis are working overtime to turn the tide against this populist monstrosity .
Even more , in many metropolitan areas around the country , it is considered de rigueur to eat raw animal dishes like sushi , sashimi , carpaccio and steak tartar .
There are even restaurants out here on the left coast that use raw in their name .
I will never forget the delight my server had the first time I ordered steak tartar from a popular upscale restaurant in my area .
He is from the old country and was simply delighted that a relatively young chap like me knew " what was good for him . "
Little did he know I was about to sprinkle my tartar with a wonderful homemade sauce that consisted of raw butter , virgin coconut oil , and garlic , which I had secreted into the restaurant .
Tartar is my favorite politically incorrect dish because it has raw beef and raw egg .
This brings me back to the original point of this article and the problem at hand .
While it is still possible to go into a store and buy raw meat , fish , and eggs ( and this may soon change because of the threat of biological terrorism , at least according to my local paper ) , has anyone noticed there is one product you can not buy raw ?
Hmmm … think about it for a moment .
It is the stuff which is supposed to do a body good .
It also helps build bones in twelve different ways .
Various celebrities sport moustaches on billboards around the country extolling it virtues .
There is even a major computer maker that uses the source of this foodstuff as their logo and occasional ad spokesman .
You got it , milk , or more generally , dairy products of all stripes .
As of this writing the only raw dairy product that you can find on a somewhat regular basis at retail is cheese .
Even then , by law , it has to be cheese that is aged over 60 days ( presumably to kill any dangerous pathogens present in the milk ) which severely limits the choice to only hard cheeses .
Any real cheese connoisseur knows that some of the best cheeses in the world are imported or local raw milk cheeses and would n't think of eating a pasteurized copy .
There has been more than one occasion upon returning from Canada that cuban cigars were n't the only contraband I was carrying , a number of fresh soft cheeses that I can't get in America somehow magically appearing in my luggage .
Ronald Reagan signed into a law a statute forbidding the interstate sale of raw milk products .
So even in states where raw dairy is legal the products can't cross state lines ( except cheese aged at least 60 days ) although people often cross to obtain these products .
Most states have for all intents and purposes regulated raw dairy out of existence even where it is legal .
Despite the proven virtues both medically and nutritionally of raw milk ( in contrast to the proven negatives of pasteurized homogenized milk , which we only have today because of bureaucratic intervention ) there has been an unceasing war against it producers .
Dr. William Osler called it white blood .
Hippocrates referred to it as a cure for tuberculosis .
Dr. J.R. Crewe routinely healed people of various disorders using raw milk in the early part of the last century .
Dr. William Campbell Douglass has in our time done the same thing .
None of this is speculation or private opinion but a matter of public record .
Yet producers and sellers of raw milk , butter , and cream are regularly persecuted around the country , saddled with enormous legal bills and often robbed of their livelihood .
Consumers like me often must go through enormous pains to get the stuff and are very leery of sharing sources lest the powers that be force them out of existence .
Several months ago I received an email that highlights the plight of farmers who want to meet the demand for raw dairy products :
Dear Friends ,
I am writing to request MIGHTY prayers from you on our behalf regarding a very critical situation .
Last Thursday 2 State Dept .
Ag people and 1 USDA person arrived at our farm unannounced .
Their sole intent appeared to be shutting down every operation we have here .
Below are some of the highlights :
1 . Because we sell PEOPLE food for pets , they say we are not in compliance with labeling laws for pet food and they will require nutritional analysis and additional labeling for EVERY package of pet food .
2 . The SAME agency who said we could sell raw dairy for animal consumption now says that we cannot and furthermore THEY WILL BE LEVYING A FINE .
3 . The USDA , whom we had met with regarding our on farm ( legal ) chicken processing , now questions its legality and compliance .
4 . They even took a SOAP label to question its merits , and soap is regulated by FDA , not USDA .
5 . On this Friday I found out they had also visited the place where we purchase DRY ICE and inquired about our business with them .
This is very , very serious and threatens our very livelihood as well as that of other producers ' grass - fed meats , pastured poultry or even soap !
If the state or Feds in TN are able to shut down ANY aspect of our operation , it will set precedence for other government agencies EVERYWHERE .
Before it is over and done , I expect to also see EPA ( feather and blood composting ) and OSHA at our door as well .
Without Divine intervention I expect this to escalate and get very , very unpleasant .
( BTW , yes we have attorneys on retainer . )
Please feel free to cross post this email , but only in its entirety .
Jenny Drake
Peaceful Pastures All Natural Meats
Beef , veal , chicken , turkey , lamb , pork www.PeacefulPastures.com
Now the point of this article is not to convince you of the efficacy of raw dairy products .
Due to the influence of Pasteur ( who was a poor scientist and was refuted by his colleagues in his own day ) the idea of raw animal foods of any sort may scare you to death .
Rather it is to point out the extremes to which Leviathan will go to control every aspect of our lives .
Mrs. Drake is apparently not aware of the precedents that have already been established around the country regarding the raw milk issue ( if this is of interest to you I would suggest locating a copy of The Milk Book by William Campbell Douglas , M.D.
It is a delightfully funny read on the trials , travails and benefits of raw milk ) .
Forcing people who voluntarily want to purchase raw dairy products to request them under the guise they are buying them for their pets is a rather silly intrusion of government into our lives .
" Hey Fido , move over boy so I can lap up some of that milk you are having .
If I drink it on my own I will be guilty of a crime . "
Or gathering a group of people to jointly buy a cow in order to partake of raw dairy ( since owners are not restricted by law from drinking or eating their own product ) , while creative , is an equally silly intrusion and often time consuming .
It is called a cow share program in some states .
Some rather adventurous smokers have done the same thing with a bar in California to get around the onerous smoking laws in their state .
Since all the patrons and workers are owners they can't be prosecuted for violating the smoking ordinance because it only applies to establishments that have employees .
Or having to drive an hour and a half each way because there is only one producer in the state who is bold enough to sell raw milk at retail ; by the time you add up the costs that is a very expensive bottle of milk or pound of butter .
I currently pay $ 16 a pound for my dairy contraband ( my dog loves the stuff ) .
Before the producers in my area grew tired of being harassed by the state health department and ceased operations , I could buy it direct from the farm for $ 3 a pound .
The USDA and the FDA have routinely forced alternative health practitioners , medical doctors who use effective , harmless , non-invasive therapies , even vitamin peddlers and producers of independent food stuff out of the market .
Most of us think of the FDA in terms of the middle letter of the acronym — Drug .
I say it is time we looked at them in terms of the first letter of that acronym — Food .
Their police powers are just as onerous albeit less noticed in this area .
Yes , the war on drugs must come to an end , but so should the war on food .
Both the food and drug wars attack and criminalize the behavior of people who are often near and dear to us , and in the case of small farmers , hard - working entrepreneurs as well .
Moreover , the idea that government can dictate what appears on our plate does not square with a free society .
To the FDA and the USDA , I say a pox be on both their houses .
July 25 , 2002
Michael Miles [ send him mail ] writes from Seattle , WA .
The Best of Michael Miles
Is there anyone who never played Frozen Bubble ?
Is there anyone who does not know that it is written in Perl ?
Apparently desktop game writing was not high on the agenda of the Perl programmers but it seems SDL_Perl , the Perl binding to Simple Directmedia Layer recently started a new life .
Work begun to improve the binding , a few new people got access to the web site so we started to update that too .
I think this can be yet another area where Perl could get people interested in the language and besides that it is way cool .
So I took upon myself to try to help the project a bit .
There are two areas where I can help .
Improve the SDL website
One of them is to improve the content of the website ( not the look , that needs to be done by someone else ) .
So the first thing I would like to do is to compile a list of projects already using SDL Perl .
If you have such a project even a small one or a really new one , such as the Perl Invaders of Thomas Klausner , please let me know either here as a comment or on the SDL mailing list .
I 'll add a link to your project from the SDL web site .
An IDE for SDL development in Perl
The other area is helping to build a plugin for Padre that will make developing SDL applications really easy .
The problem of course is that I never used SDL before and have no idea what extra help an SDL Perl developer might need but if you have ideas , please let me know or get on board and help building the plugin .
Keepers at Knowsley Safari Park in the UK are warning visitors with luggage on their roofs to avoid the baboon enclosure , due to a number of luggage box opening incidents that have occurred .
According to Knowsley Safari Park general manager David Ross , the first time it occurred , the activity was dismissed as an isolated incident , but increasing reports and complacent visitors forced them into action .
Staff at the Safari Park re-enacted a typical luggage box opening incident to drive home the seriousness of the situation to visitors who often ignored their warnings .
While it was a re-enactment , it was staged only to the extent that the “ visitors ” were staff and the luggage involved was not anything that would be missed .
The baboons actions were entirely authentic .
Ross describes the baboons ’ technique :
Their technique involves the largest baboons jumping up and down on the box , flexing it until the lock bursts open , then the rest of the baboons pile in to see what they can find .
Obviously , we ’re well used to them helping themselves to the odd wing mirror or wiper blade , but this has taken things to a whole new level .
Let ’s face it , nobody wants to see a baboon running up a tree with their underwear .
Ross , on the re-enactment :
The baboons were into the luggage box on our car within minutes and absolute mayhem ensued .
We will now be able to show photographs of this incident to visitors with cargo boxes who may be thinking of playing “ Russian roulette ” in the monkey jungle .
[ ad#3_social_compact ]
[ Daily Mail ]
Is Impending Holder Torture Probe a Bad Idea ?
Created : August 10 , 2009 10:28 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Andrew Sullivan calls the reported impending torture probe by Attorney General Eric Holder “ the worst of both worlds , ” arguing that investigating only those who exceeded the overly - broad bounds set by the Bush administration “ risks essentially legitimizing the torture it does not prosecute . ”
On one hand , Sullivan ’s right that prosecuting only the individual interrogators who went beyond the torture that was actually authorized by the Bush administration — such as waterboarding , which Holder himself has admitted is torture — might suggest that what the Bush lawyers approved was legal , despite the egregiously flawed legal reasoning that backed it up .
On the other , at this point , it ’s important that the attorney general start somewhere , particularly since Congress so far does n’t seem to have the stomach to follow through with its earlier ideas of investigatory commissions that would reveal exactly how the torture policies were developed and why .
A criminal investigation of even low - level CIA interrogators who exceeded the guidelines they were given should , if done thoroughly and honestly , inevitably lead to questions about how those guidelines were communicated down the chain of command , and whether higher - ups approved the more extreme conduct .
And that may be the best hope for raising the ultimate questions of how the rules were developed and whether their authors knew they were stretching the limits of the law even as they crafted them .
Historically speaking , September is a big month for big consumer magazines – particularly for a company like Condé Nast , which usually publishes fall fashion issues , each seemingly thicker than a Physicians ’ Desk Reference .
Not this year .
The ad page numbers for Condé Nast ’s September issues trickled out of 4 Times Square late yesterday , and — unlike cover girl Sienna Miller — they ain’t terribly pretty .
Ad pages for the September Vogue — the Torah of fall fashion issues — fell 36.7 percent to 427 .
Last year , the same issue had 674 .
Ad pages for W — the oversized magazine in which fashion advertisers love to see their enlarged ads — plummeted 53 percent .
As a whole , Condé Nast ’s monthly magazines are down 37 percent , according to the New York Observer .
Publishers were expecting the ad page bounty to be lighter without Fashion Rocks – an annual supplement polybagged with Condé titles which the company canceled this year .
But Condé
Nast executives are bracing for a fourth quarter that could be even worse .
Even Condé - owned WWD admitted this week that the last three months of the year are expected to be brutal , in part because fashion advertisers are “ still skittish about an economic turnaround . ”
“ Our books are down in the entire set , ” Condé Nast Media Group senior vice president Lou Cona told WWD , “ not because there ’s a problem with print , but our clients ’ businesses are impacted by the recession and by the lack of traffic at retail . ”
With all due respect to Mr. Cona , that is precisely the problem with print – and all ad - dependent products .
When the economy goes in the tank , glossies depending on big ad - spends by marketers wind up gasping for air .
Of course , the numbers are down — and blood pressures up — everywhere .
The September fashion books at Hearst and Hachette are down , too .
Elle , which has trumpeted its 2009 ad page lead over Vogue — the first time it has ever led its rival — saw ad pages tumble 21 percent .
In fact , among glossy fashion titles , only Time Inc. ’s InStyle managed to increase ad pages in September .
Condé Nast ’s startling September ad performance comes on the heels of the news that the company has hired McKinsey & Co. , the high - profile consulting firm , to “ rethink ” the business .
“ This is a considerable and complicated task , ” CN CEO Chuck Townsend explained in a memo to staffers on Monday , “ forcing us to rethink the way we do business in many instances and incorporate efficiencies in every step of our process .
Beginning this week , I am dedicating myself and a team of my colleagues to this project .
We will work with consultants , including McKinsey & Company , to develop new perspectives on optimizing our approach to business , growing revenues , and enhancing our brand assets .
All areas of Condé Nast will be included in the study . ”
Some media insiders see the hiring of McKinsey as a frank admission that the company ’s cost - cutting mandates in the last year — a five percent across the board cut last October , then a reported 10 percent slash , and the shuttering of Portfolio , Condé Nast ’s $ 100 million - plus business magazine launch in April – did not work .
Although , whatever Conde is paying McKinsey for its think - tanking pales in comparison to the ad revenue it is seeing evaporate .
To give you an idea , through June , ad pages for Condé Nast titles ( including Portfolio and Domino , which Condé folded in January ) fell 32.7 percent , representing a 27.3 slide in ad revenue , according to the Publishers Information Bureau – or roughly $ 477 million .
Extrapolated to a full year – given the dire predictions – that figure could exceed a cool billion in ad dollars lost over 2008 .
According to CN insiders , the mood inside Si ’s old house is , understandably , “ tense . ”
Said one staffer : “ If they killed Portfolio , ” which was down a whopping 60 percent in ad pages during the first quarter , Condé Nast executives could certainly be “ looking to trim ” similarly underperforming titles from their own .
Added another : “ Everyone is talking about it , speculating , worried . ”
That could sum up the mood of the entire magazine industry , too .
[ Chart via WWD ]
The Canon EOS 1D Mark IV succeeds the 1D Mark III , which was plagued with autofocus flaws from day one .
The 1D Mark IV features a completely revised autofocus system with 45 AF points , 39 of which points are high - precision cross - type .
Other upgrades include a higher resolution , increased sensitivity , dual DIGIC IV processors , and full HD video .
Canon 1D Mark IV Key Features
16.1 - megapixel APS - H ( 1.3 x crop ) CMOS sensor
ISO 50 - 102,400
45 AF points ( 39 cross - type points )
Multiple AF configuration and customization options
10 fps still image capture
Full HD video capture
Dual DIGIC IV processors
M-RAW and S - RAW image capture
Canon 1D Mark IV Availability
Amazon
B&H Photo
Adorama
Photography Bay Resources
Canon 1D Mark IV Hands - On Review
Canon 1D Mark IV vs. Nikon D3S ISO Comparison
Canon 1D Mark IV vs. Nikon D3S ISO Comparison – Part II
Canon 1D Mark IV vs. Nikon D3S – Evaluating Prints
Canon 1D Mark IV Reviews
What Digital Camera
Photo Radar
PDN Gear Guide
Michael Willems
Photo Review
Mangin Photography Archive
B&H Photo ( hands - on preview )
Trusted Reviews ( hands - on preview )
DP Interface ( hands - on preview )
Vincent Laforet ( video preview )
Rob Galbraith ( features preview )
Canon 1D Mark IV Resources
Canon 1D Mark IV White Paper
Canon Digital Learning Center ( first look videos )
Sample Images and Movies
Official Canon Samples
Vincent Laforet Nocturne Film
Canon 1D Mark IV News Release
LAKE SUCCESS , N.Y. , October 20 , 2009 – Canon U.S.A. , Inc. , a leader in digital imaging , is proud to introduce the next evolution in the EOS 1D series of cameras : the Canon EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR camera .
The EOS - 1D Mark IV is a high - speed multimedia performance monster with a 16 - megapixel Canon CMOS sensor , Dual DIGIC 4 Imaging Processors , and 14 - bit A/D data conversion , all at 10 frames - per- second ( fps ) , with the widest ISO range Canon has produced to date .
This new camera also features 1080 p Full High - Definition video capture at selectable frame rates packaged in Canon ’s most rugged and durable professional camera body .
The crowning achievement of Canon ’s 1D Mark IV Digital SLR is its new autofocus system that starts with 45 AF points including 39 high - precision cross - type focusing points capable of tracking fast moving athletes or wildlife accurately at speeds up to 10 frames per second .
With greater subject detection capability than ever before plus a newly redesigned AI Servo II AF predictive focusing algorithm , the Canon EOS - 1D Mark IV camera sets new standards for autofocus performance among professional digital SLRs .
Whether shooting for the six o’clock news or the front page , the EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR is the quintessential camera to freeze fast - moving action with high - speed stills or capture stunning HD video with dynamic color and image quality .
To accompany the new EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR camera , Canon is also announcing a new accessory , the WFT - E2 II A wireless file transmitter providing photographers with a wide range of professional digital connectivity options .
“ Canon works hard to be the imaging leader in all our business endeavors .
This goal has fueled our innovation and R&D efforts to engineer the most advanced autofocus system Canon has ever produced .
We are proud to announce the camera that will deliver the ultimate in imaging quality to professionals working in all areas of multimedia imaging , whether it ’s action photography , photojournalism or HD video and cinematography , ” stated Yuichi Ishizuka , senior vice president and general manager , Consumer Imaging Group , Canon U.S.A .
The Canon EOS - 1D Mark IV camera will intrigue professional photographers in virtually every category from photojournalism and sports through nature , wedding , portrait and fashion to commercial , industrial and law enforcement .
What makes the EOS - 1D Mark IV camera different from its predecessors , in addition to numerous focusing system and image quality improvements , is its exceptional Full HD video capture capability .
With this new level of functionality , the 1D Mark IV Digital SLR is destined to appeal not only to professional still photographers but also to a diverse market of professional videographers and filmmakers who are looking for exceptional Full HD video quality , amazing low - light performance , outstanding portability and a level of durability unheard of in most HD video cameras in this price range .
New 45 - Point Autofocus System
The new EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR camera features Canon ’s most advanced Autofocus system to date .
It is equipped with a newly developed 45 - point AF sensor featuring 39 high - precision cross - type AF points , and an all new AI Servo II AF mode that gives still photographers the power and performance to track and focus a fast - moving subject at speeds up to 10 frames per second .
With more than twice as many cross - type focusing points as the EOS - 1D Mark III and a new AF sensor construction that improves performance in low light and with low contrast subjects , the EOS - 1D Mark IV has greater subject detection capabilities than any previous EOS model .
To complete the range of AF improvements , Canon has developed a new AI Servo II AF predictive focusing algorithm that significantly improves responsiveness and stability by making better decisions on focus tracking in a variety of shooting conditions .
Amazing High ISO Performance
Wedding and event photographers shooting in low light without the benefit of a flash can take advantage of Canon ’s widest ISO range and highest performance ever .
The EOS - 1D Mark IV camera ’s ISO speed settings range from 100 up to 12,800 in 1/3 or 1/2 stop increments with ISO Expansion settings of L : 50 for bright light or H1 : 25,600 , H2 : 51,200 , and H3 : 102,400 for even the most dimly lit situations .
Photographers and documentary filmmakers working in available light will be impressed by the low - noise image quality of the 1D Mark IV , capturing amazing still images and video footage even at speed settings as high as ISO 12,800 .
High ISO , low light still images are further enhanced by Canon ’s adjustable High ISO Noise Reduction feature , now a default setting in the camera .
The EOS - 1D Mark IV , EOS HD Video Powerhouse
Over the past year , Canon ’s EOS HD Video technology has changed the way users capture 1080 p HD video and opened new doors for multimedia journalists and Hollywood cinematographers alike with full manual exposure control , selectable frame rates , and interchangeable lenses on some of the largest and most sensitive image sensors on the market .
Canon continues this innovation trend with the new EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR with Full HD capture and full manual exposure control , plus selectable frame rates on an all - new APS - H - sized image sensor that ’s similar in size to a Super 35 mm motion picture film frame .
The large sensor allows filmmakers to achieve shallow depth - of - field just as cinematographers have traditionally done using much higher - cost motion picture equipment .
The more than 50 Canon EF lenses compatible with the EOS - 1D Mark IV give videographers incredible creative options , including an impressive selection of large - aperture professional L - series primes as well as zoom lenses , macro , Tilt - Shift and Fisheye optics .
The Canon EOS - 1D Mark IV allows for three video recording resolutions – 1080 p Full HD and 720p HD in a 16:9 aspect ratio and Standard Definition ( SD ) in a 4:3 aspect ratio .
The camera will record Full HD at 1920 x 1080 in selectable frame rates of 24 p ( 23.976 ) , 25 p , or 30 p ( 29.97 ) ; and 720p HD or SD video recording at either 50 p or 60 p ( 59.94 ) .
SD video can be recorded in either NTSC or PAL standards .
Sound is recorded either through the internal monaural microphone or via optional external microphones connected to the stereo microphone input .
The camera also provides an in - camera video editing function allowing users to remove the start or ending of a video clip directly in the camera to eliminate unwanted footage and speed up post - production .
Image Quality and Performance
The heart of the EOS - 1D Mark IV camera ’s outstanding image quality is a newly developed 16.1 - Megapixel CMOS sensor featuring Canon ’s latest and most advanced proprietary technologies .
These technologies include improved photodiode construction to enhance dynamic range and gapless microlenses that are positioned closer to the photodiodes for improved light gathering efficiency .
The transmissive quality of the color filter array has been enhanced to improve sensitivity .
Canon has also upgraded the sensor circuitry to improve noise reduction before the image data is exported from the CMOS sensor to the rest of the image processing chain .
With 60 percent more pixels than the EOS - 1D Mark III , the EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR employs Dual DIGIC 4 Image Processors with approximately six times the processing power of DIGIC III for full 14 - bit A/D conversion at 10 fps .
High - speed continuous shooting up to 121 Large JPEGs is possible using a UDMA CF card .
This camera also features three RAW shooting modes for versatility with Full RAW ( approx . 16 million pixels ) , M- RAW ( approx . nine million pixels ) , and S - RAW ( approx . four million pixels ) .
Three additional JPEG recording formats ( M1 , M2 and Small ) are also available .
The 14 - bit per channel conversion facilitated by the dual DIGIC 4 Processors provides smoother tonalities in final images capturing all 16,384 distinct tones in each channel ( red , green and blue ) at the full 10 fps frame rate .
RAW images shot on the new Canon EOS - 1D Mark IV use the entire 14 - bit space when converted to 16 - bit TIFF files in Canon Digital Photo Professional ( DPP ) software , which is supplied with the camera at no extra charge .
The 14 - bit A/D conversion is also the foundation for Canon ’s Highlight Tone Priority feature that takes maximum advantage of the camera ’s extensive dynamic range to preserve detail in highlight areas of the image .
Canon ’s new EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR also features an improved white balance algorithm making colors more accurate when shooting under low color temperature light sources such as household tungsten lamps .
The EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR features Canon ’s Peripheral Illumination Correction function which corrects darkening that can occur in the corners of images with most lenses when used at their largest apertures .
When activated , it is automatically applied to JPEG images and video clips as they are shot .
For RAW images , it can be applied in DPP software .
Other new features include a large three - inch solid structure Clear View II LCD screen with 920,000 dot/VGA resolution and a wide 160 - degree viewing angle for enhanced clarity and more precise color when reviewing images and shooting video .
The new in - camera copyright information feature helps professionals secure control over images by setting copyright data directly into the camera and appending that information to each image file in the Exif metadata .
Additional features include a fluorine coating on the Low Pass Filter to further repel dust and enhance the EOS Integrated Cleaning System .
Minimize Post - Production with Enhanced Canon Auto Lighting Optimizer
Action photography truly is all about speed , capturing a fast subject with fast focusing and fast frame rates .
However , all this speed might be wasted if it is slowed down by lengthy post - production procedures to adjust image quality .
The EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR helps reduce post - production work with a powerful new Auto Lighting Optimizer ( ALO ) system .
When enabled , Canon ’s ALO automatically adjusts the image for optimal brightness and contrast on the fly during in - camera image processing , reducing clipped highlights while keeping shadowed areas as clear and detailed as they actually appear .
By optimizing brightness and contrast in - camera , Canon ’s ALO system significantly reduces the need for post - production image optimization , and gives photographers image quality they can take directly to press .
Demanding professional photographers who tested ALO clearly stated that this one feature will reduce their post - production image optimization process by more than 75 percent .
Canon ’s ALO works with both RAWi and JPEG images as well as video recording .
Rugged Reliability
Canon has taken every measure to ensure that the EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR camera has the highest degree of weather resistance in the EOS line .
The 1D Mark IV camera incorporates a wide range of design features that enhance its durability and reliability for professional assignments .
For example , the 1D Mark IV ’s body , chassis and lens mount are completely weather - resistant and 76 gaskets and seals surround all buttons and seams .
The body covers and internal chassis , including the mirror box , are constructed with magnesium - alloy , one of the strongest and rigid metals available for its weight .
For added strength , the lens mount is constructed with stainless steel .
In fact , when used with Canon ’s Speedlite 580EX II and / or most current L - series lenses , the entire camera system remains fully weather resistant , so professionals can concentrate on getting the shot instead of worrying about protecting their gear .
New Wireless Connectivity
Canon is announcing the availability of the new WFT - E2 II A* wireless file transmitter exclusively for the EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR camera .
The WFT - E2 II A wireless transmitter is an extremely small and versatile device that offers professional photographers a wide range of digital connectivity options including IEEE802.11a/b/g and Ethernet , ideal for commercial and studio work .
In addition to adding the ability to connect to wireless networks over 802.11a , the new WFT - E2 II A adds a wealth of new professional features to the photographer ’s tool kit .
The new Camera Linking feature allows a single photographer to simultaneously fire up to 10 cameras remotely ; and the updated WFT Server mode lets you remotely use Live View , control settings , and fire the EOS - 1D Mark IV over the internet from anywhere in the world using a standard Web browser or many Web - enabled smart phones .
Additionally , geotagging is now possible via Bluetooth , using compatible GPS devices to append coordinate data to the images .
Pricing and Availability
The Canon EOS - 1D Mark IV Digital SLR camera is scheduled to be delivered to U.S. dealers in late December , and will be sold in a body - only configuration at an estimated retail price of $ 4,999.00 ii .
Final pricing and availability for the Canon WFT - E2 II A wireless file transmitter will be available later this year .
Something about the streets filling up with trash makes you examine your surroundings a little differently .
Like the ads on the sides of our overflowing garbage cans ... they take on unanticipated meanings when stuffed and draped with refuse , do n't they ?
Like this one above ...
OH THE IRONY - the ferry workers are on strike too !
Do you have a rebate on maggots ?
Here , son , eat this .
I 'm not sure we 're going to hit this year 's target , Jim .
We 're drowning in irony .
This market requires a mediator !
Oh , they 're recyclable !
Great now let 's see ... which one of these holes do I ... ?
Not sure about those targets either , Jim .
Give graffiti the brush off !
It 's tarnishing our otherwise clean , beautiful city !
This guy is giving graffiti the brush off ...
This one is trying to say something ... " Hughlughahlahgl "
We 're going to need some more garbage cans over here , Jim .
This one 's full .
Someone thought that by tucking this garbage behind The Sun and Canada Post , no one would notice ... and they were mostly right !
Necessity is the mother of all invention ?
Why do n't we all tie our garbage together with ribbons and fling them into street signs , power lines , etc ?
Hi , please come in !
We 've been expecting you !
Sorry , the place is a bit of a mess - gosh , I swear I 'm not usually this messy !
It 's just , well , I 'm having a bit of a rough time at the moment , ha ha ha , and I have n't had the chance to vacuum lately !
Here let me move that so you can sit down ...
See , the problem is not the strike , the problem is that our garbage cans should have been built about 9 feet longer and 3 feet deeper to accommodate reasonable levels of trash !
This one was finally told to chew with its mouth shut .
You want my fingers to do WHAT ?
Hell no , that 's what the internet is for !
Now get rid of these books , all of them , out of my sight !
Put them in the street with all the other trash !
Ahh , what a beautiful walk to work .
who would n't want to live and work in Toronto ?
Former insurance claims investigator Nathan Ford heads a team of former top-criminals .
They handle ' unorthodox ' cases of people unlikely to get their due through regular channels and legal procedures .
That often involves stinging or otherwise scamming criminals .
Nate 's team is altered at times , and his professional as well as personal past repeatedly seems to catch up .
Written by KGF Vissers
By Jorn Madslien
Business reporter , BBC News
Global military spending rose 45 % between 1999 and 2008 , fuelled by the US - led " war on terror " and by increased wealth in China , Russia and the Middle East .
In Western and Central Europe , military spending increased at a much slower rate than in any other part of the world , while the US accounted for 58 % of the global increase during the decade .
PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS
In 2008 , a record 187,586 people were deployed on peacekeeping missions , an 11 % rise over 2007 .
Military forces accounted 166,146 of the personnel deployed .
Most of the missions were deployed in Africa , including in DR Congo and in Darfur , Sudan , but the largest single peace operation was in Afghanistan .
DEFENCE DEALS
Mergers and acquisitions have dominated the aerospace and defence industry over the last decade , driven by sharp growth in demand for aircraft and equipment from both airlines and ministries of defence .
With the onset of the recession , both the size and the frequency of the deals fell sharply .
In 2008 , the total value of deals in the sector halved and preliminary data for 2009 suggests activity remains subdued .
RISING SALES
The sharp rise in global military spending has benefited the defence industry .
In total , the 100 leading defence manufacturers sold arms worth $ 347bn during 2007 , the most recent year for which reliable data are available .
Since 2002 , the value of the top 100 arms sales has increased by 37 % in real terms , according to Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( Sipri ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Mark Ward
Technology Correspondent , BBC News website
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Before there were makers there were dorks , many of whom went to Dorkbot meetings to watch people do strange things with electricity .
The Dorkbot movement was started by New York artist Douglas Repetto but they have grown far beyond the original idea of " dorks in New York " that he conceived .
Now the world is dotted with Dorkbot chapters and the regular London gathering is one of the busiest .
Open source culture is not something you buy , it 's about something you do
Ele Carpenter Held at Limehouse town hall the monthly meetings showcase the ingenuity of its many members and the eclectic nature of the strange things that can be done with electricity .
Dorkbot 62 took place in mid-June and had on the bill high voltage music , creepy robots and open source embroidery .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Strange reaction Sarah Angliss , one of the regulars at Dorkbot , is a fan of the maker movement and in particular some of the tools , such as the Arduino microcontroller , that have been created to help tinkerers get things up and working .
" I 've been through the purist stage and it 's painful , " she said .
" I remember buying accelerometers five years ago when I was at the University of Sussex doing a robotics course , " she said .
" They were £ 150 each and came on surface - mounted chips and were really hard to work with . "
To some using the Arduino may seem an affront but for Ms Angliss it makes it far easier to get on with the interesting stuff .
Clara 2.0 is a strange and creepy robot Ms Angliss has employed an Arduino microcontroller to turn a doll into an on -stage helper for her Spacedog musical group .
The controller means Clara 2.0 can move her head and arms and joins in playing the theremin , albeit very badly , when Spacedog perform .
Reactions to Clara 2.0 vary , said Ms Angliss , many people are unsettled when the blank - eyed doll begins to move and play an instrument .
The doll was chosen , she said , because of its strange appearance .
" I 'm really into things that look sweet like toys but look at them another way and there 's something deeply creepy about them , " she said .
Also featured at Dorkbot 62 was Mike Harrison , a veteran of the meetings , who had been experimenting with ways to use simple circuits , neon bulbs and high voltages to produce music .
The climax of the show was Mr Harrison using 20 - 25,000 volts of power to make wind chimes , hard disk platters and the spark - o- phone to produce a cacophonic , crackling musical symphony that pretty much brought the audience to its feet .
Code and cloth
While there is one wing of the maker movement who like their microcontrollers , high voltages and circuit diagrams another wing of the community has a softer edge - literally in many cases because it involves textiles .
Ele Carpenter has spent years investigating the links between technology on the one hand and more traditional crafts on the other .
The end result of this investigation is a quilt made by makers and crafters that translates the HTML colour codes , 216 of them , into a collective patchwork .
This Open Source Embroidery project , as Ms Carpenter dubbed it , was not without its technical hurdles .
Tricky to get over was the fact that HTML colours are defined by mixing different amounts of red , green and blue .
By contrast but fabrics are printed with inks created by mixing different amounts of cyan , magenta , yellow and black .
The project brought together coders and crafters to find out how to get over these hurdles and explore what they have in common .
She really was not sure how crafters , who know yarns and fabrics , would get on well with coders , who know HTML and programming .
" I was interested in how ideas of participation and networking being made clear by new media and the internet have been going on for ages in craft networks , " said Ms Carpenter .
Makers and crafters in Banff , Sheffield and Newcastle made patches The HTML Patchwork is part of a larger Open Source Embroidery exhibition Ms Carpenter is curating and has taken to Umea in Sweden and San Francisco .
On the website built to record the work that went into creating the quilt , Ms Carpenter has created a wiki where the people that produced each patch could record how they did it .
Some just left their name and others , such as Julian Priest who produced patch green # 009933 , left detailed information about what inspired them to get involved and how their patch travelled to Ms Carpenter .
" It was about bringing patch workers and people using HTML code together to discuss the shared ethics of their practice , " she said .
The ways of working in open source and developer communities was far closer to the practices in craft collectives and groups than she had suspected .
" It was a great way to make tangible and physical these debates about networks , social networks and communication networks , " she said .
As Ms Carpenter said : " Open source culture is not something you buy , it 's about something you do . "
And the Dorkbot folks do it very well indeed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BERLIN – Architectural plans for the Auschwitz death camp that were discovered in Berlin last year were handed over Thursday to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for display at Israel 's Holocaust memorial .
The 29 sketches of the death camp built in Nazi- occupied Poland date as far back as 1941 .
They include detailed blueprints for living barracks , delousing facilities and crematoria , including gas chambers , and are considered important for understanding the genesis of the Nazi genocide .
The sketches are initialled by the head of the SS , Heinrich Himmler , and Auschwitz commandant Rudolf Hoess .
" There are those who deny that the Holocaust happened , " Netanyahu said .
" Let them come to Jerusalem and look at these plans , these plans for the factory of death . "
The Axel Springer Verlag , publisher of the mass circulation Bild newspaper , said it purchased the prints after they were allegedly found by someone claiming they had been stashed in a Berlin apartment .
Based on research since they were acquired , however , Bild now believes the documents were probably stored at the Third Reich archive of the East German secret service , the Stasi .
Several other documents from this archive have surfaced after the 1989 fall of the Berlin Wall , it said .
The blueprints ' authenticity has been verified by Germany 's federal archive .
Bild editor Kai Diekmann told Netanyahu and Yad Vashem chairman Avner Shalev that the paper decided to give them to Israel 's Holocaust memorial because they wanted to ensure that as many people as possible could see them .
" These plans have an important function – they remind us of a crime that , with the passing of time , seems ever more incomprehensible , " Diekmann said .
" It is of the utmost importance to continue to be reminded of it . "
While they are not the only original Auschwitz blueprints that still exist – others were captured by the Soviet Red Army and brought back to Moscow – they will be the first for Israel 's Yad Vashem memorial , its chairman told The Associated Press .
" This set is a very early one , which was found here in Berlin , from the autumn of ' 41 , " Shalev said .
" It brings a better understanding of the whole process , and the intention of the planners of the complex , and from this perspective it is important . "
Shalev said the sketches will be on display at Yad Vashem beginning Jan. 27 , 2010 , as part of a special exhibit marking the 65th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz .
The blueprints include general plans for the original Auschwitz camp and the expansion of the Auschwitz - Birkenau camp , where most of the killings were carried out .
More than 1 million people , mostly Jews , died in the gas chambers or through forced labour , disease or starvation at the camp , which the Nazis built after occupying Poland .
Netanyahu is in Berlin for meetings with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier and other officials .
Later , the Israeli leader is scheduled to visit a house on Berlin 's Wannsee lake that was the site of the Jan. 20 , 1942 ``Wannsee Conference " – a watershed in Nazi policy against Europe 's Jews .
The building now houses a museum documenting the Holocaust and the notorious meeting , which was once thought to be when the Nazis decided to stop deporting and randomly killing Jews and instead to industrialize their murder .
Though debate continues , most historians now agree the decision was made some months earlier – by Adolf Hitler himself , even though no written order from him has ever been found .
Hundreds of thousands of Jews had already been murdered by the time 15 civil servants , SS and party officials met at Wannsee .
It is now believed by many that Reinhard Heydrich , the Nazi Security Service and Security Police head , called the meeting to make sure everybody knew what Hitler wanted done and to establish SS oversight of the process .
Shalev said the blueprints showing that the construction of Auschwitz was already being planned in 1941 help to reinforce that argument .
" The Wannsee conference ... was a kind of co-ordination , " Shalev said .
" The process of the Final Solution started to be implemented a few months before it , so the plans that were found from late ' 41 are more evidence . "
A large yellowed plan , dated April 30 , 1942 and titled " general building plan concentration camp Auschwitz " provides a wider view , showing the barracks but also roads , other buildings and the outlying area .
Another drawing dated Oct. 14 , 1941 , shows the plans for construction of a " Waffen SS prisoner of war camp " with rows of what appear to be barracks .
A notation in the bottom right says it was drafted by a prisoner , " Nr. 471 . "
Joss Whedon 's cult hit " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " did n't end when the TV show went off the air , but rather continued its " 8th Season " as a comic book .
A recent storyline included a " True Blood " - esque public announcement that vampires exist , leading ditzy blonde vampire Harmony to land her own reality show called " Harmony Bites ! " and do the rounds on the talk show circuit .
Harmony even visited Stephen Colbert on " The Colbert Report , " in a recent two - page comic on Dark Horse Presents , where she offered to sire the satirical talk show host and referred to the wrinkles of her transformed forehead as her " Colbert bumps . "
We 've got the pages right here :
Elsewhere on the web :
Man Builds His Own Batmobile Go-Kart
Nerd Cakes : 10 Geeky Confections
The 10 Most Abysmal Superhero Video Games
Great News : Robots Have Learned How to Lie
In our first points of unity , we state that we have a responsibility to address racism and neoliberalism as it impacts our students , our profession , and public education as a whole .
We believe that all life is dignified and we trust that schools can exist more equitably by resisting colonial and capitalist power structures and metrics , like grade - levels , grading and standardized testing .
Schools should be places where students are supported to thrive rather than places where they can fail .
We believe that all students deserve to be embraced holistically and materially supported at school , communities and in their personal lives .
We believe all schools should have healing practices and more wellness resources and counselors to assist and take the place of law enforcement ; we also adamantly reject the militarization of schools .
We believe in the co-creation of flexible , responsive and adaptive learning spaces ( schools ) alongside families .
Our schools should be places where everyone can thrive and self actualize .
While we have always stood in opposition to the systemic inequities caused by racist , neoliberal policies , we are particularly frustrated by Cuomo , DeBlasio , and Trump ’s legislation and action , which is exacerbating the harm to working class and communities of Color during COVID - 19 .
At the same time , we have seen inspiring examples of mutual aid and community support .
In that spirit , we invite you all to freedom dream with us ; to lean into the resilience of our ancestors and communities ; to use our collective imaginations , inside , outside and through the classroom to break free , to dream and seed a world that does not yet exist but that we yearn for .
NYCoRE stands in solidarity with our students , their families and the broader communities with which we work .
We believe there is both potential and a responsibility that we have in this moment .
As a result , we have produced this document in which we 1 ) lay out demands , both our own and those of communities with whom we stand in solidarity and 2 ) invite you to freedom dream with us by sharing your knowledge , visions for the future , and ways to actualize these demands .
Immediate Demands ( in the next 6 months )
Education - Specific Demands :
We demand more time and space in the school day to center the social - emotional needs of our communities to grieve and process the unprecedented , long term impacts that Covid19 will have on our communities .
Teachers and school mental health professionals should be provided adequate resources to support their own as well as students ’ wellness specific to the unique issues the pandemic has raised for our school communities ( i.e. grief , isolation , etc . ) .
In this demand , we echo the demands of the Movement of Rank and File Educators for Equity and Compassion during Remote Learning .
We demand city - wide guidance around compassionate , transparent , ethical , equitable grading practices during this time .
Students and their mental health should be prioritized over grades .
In this vein , we wholeheartedly support the state ’s cancellation of the Regents in June 2020 as well as other forms of standardized testing .
Students should be provided with clear and specific feedback so they grow intellectually , academically and socio-emotionally as they learn ( during this time and always ) .
We should not be failing students , but rather work with teachers to create an equitable plan for success for every child .
We demand free internet for all NYC public school students regardless if they have internet already or not .
We demand the NYC DOE involve parents and school staff in a process to think about what a safe and equitable return to physical schools looks like , including : widespread access to COVID - 19 testing , safe distance measures within schools , non-crowded classrooms , etc .
The UFT has a similar set of demands but we want to emphasize the need for community involvement and a focus on equity when considering how schools will be reopened .
We demand a fully - funded ASAP for all incoming CUNY Freshmen .
We demand A Moratorium on All Terminations of New York ’s Probationary Educators
Community - Specific Demands :
Below are demands from our communities that we have been hearing and want to uplift .
Our students ’ home conditions are also their school conditions , now more than ever .
Demand for relief from state / city for undocumented folks
Rent Strike from Housing Justice for All coalitio
Ilhan Omar ’s legislation , the Rent and Mortgage Cancellation Act , the bill provides full payment forgiveness for rent and mortgages , with no accumulation of debt for renters or homeowners and no negative impact on their credit rating or rental history .
Reinstate Student Youth Employment program .
All vacant housing ( rental and NYCHA ) should be filled
Open 30,000 empty hotel rooms for all homeless people who need a safe room .
Free Them All Campaigns –
We call on Governor Cuomo to use his clemency powers to free all prisoners , particularly those who are at risk due to COVID19 , in prison and detention as soon as possible
Long Term : Freedom Dreams ( we invite you to add )
Education specific :
Decisions for schools and how money is moved to schools should be made by the stakeholders who are immediately impacted by those decisions .
We demand an end to mayoral control of NYC schools .
Divert funds from regents to support social - emotional wellbeing for our school communities
The DOE should prioritize and center holistic services that support students ’ social , emotional , and health services .
Address racial and economic health disparities by increasing funding to “ community schools ” that offer wraparound holistic health services in school buildings .
Schools must be spaces in which all students receive support and academic , social , emotional , and health services that are true to their individual needs .
Teachers / Educators need to be supported emotionally .
We continue to embrace the 4 demands of the Black Lives Matter at Schools , which are …
End Zero Tolerance and Fund Transformative Justice
Hire More Black Educators
Fund Counselors Not Cops
Mandate Black Studies and Ethnic Studies Demilitarization of schools ( no metal detectors , no police , no ICE agents which have access to schools through police ) .
Transformative justice , from Teachers Unite .
End all high stakes testing Cancel edTPA for 2020 and all years thereafter .
Continue to fund implicit bias training for all school staff .
Expand funds for racial equity professional staff and curriculum development .
Allocate funds for culturally sustaining , anti-colonial curriculum development .
Compassionate , transparent , ethical , equitable grading practices .
Some of this work is already happening and should continue : Performance standards consortium Mastery Collaborative
Society
NY State pays the 4.1 Billion in Foundation Aid per the campaign for fiscal equity .
Citizenship for all undocumented folks
Affordable Housing for All New Yorkers
Continued political education around Socialist values and practices .
The surveys also reveal that most addicts , typically over 70 percent , did not seek clinical help .
So they must have quit without professional assistance .
In - depth interviews showed that quitting was preceded by such factors as the drug user ’s concern about finances , desire for respect from family , keeping or getting a job , and worries about health .
In other words , the usual factors that influence everyday decisions helped addicts quit drugs .
Heyman : The American Psychiatric Association and World Health Organization describe addiction as a form of involuntary , compulsive drug use .
The American National Institute of Drug Abuse describes addiction as a chronic , relapsing disease .
I tested these claims by asking whether addicts typically remain long - term drug users , and what , if anything , helps them to stop using drugs .
Every national survey of psychiatric disorders has revealed that most addicts were actually ex-addicts .
The quit rate was about 75 percent .
According to the age statistics , most addicts had quit using drugs at clinically significant levels by about 30 to 35 years old .
Ideas :
What ’s the evidence that addiction is in fact voluntary ?
And why would anyone volunteer to be addicted ?
The author is a research psychologist at McLean Hospital and a lecturer at Harvard , from which he earned a PhD .
He is also an adjunct associate professor at Boston College .
Ideas interviewed him by e-mail .
Addiction , Heyman notes , remains widely seen as a “ chronic , relapsing brain disease , ” yet unlike most other supposed diseases you can be imprisoned for it ( if you ’re caught with illegal drugs ) .
But “ medical treatment and punishment , ” the author says , “ do not exhaust the possible responses to human problems . ”
Finding suitable alternatives is one reason it matters whether or not addiction is in fact an illness .
Heyman ’s book , which seems likely to generate controversy , argues that all choices , including drug dependence , are influenced by preferences and goals .
Addicts tend to quit when adult responsibilities weigh more heavily , and the costs of addiction ( financial , marital , and otherwise ) become greater than the benefits .
Humans , in Heyman ’s view , have an innate tendency to over - consume the things they like best because of our great susceptibility to short - term rewards - even if those rewards happen to be harmful in the long term .
But in a new book from Harvard University Press , the psychologist Gene M. Heyman says this conventional wisdom is wrong .
“ Addiction : a Disorder of Choice ” makes the provocative argument that addiction is voluntary rather than compulsory , that addicts respond to incentives just like most other people , and that in fact most drug addicts stop “ using ” without the help of treatment .
FOR YEARS , THE enlightened - and widely held - view of addiction has been that it is a disease .
Chronic drug abusers , for example , are physiologically compelled to continue their self - destructive behavior .
They often have a genetic predisposition toward addiction , and their drug abuse results in biochemical changes in the body .
Addicts need help if they are to be saved .
But those same factors do not eliminate the symptoms of schizophrenia or Alzheimer ’s disease .
Accordingly , we call these disorders “ diseases . ”
I do not mean to say that someone chooses to be an addict .
Rather , they choose to have just one more drink or quit tomorrow .
A long enough series of one - more - times makes an addict .
Addicts tend to quit when the “ hassles ” of maintaining their habit become too great ( sometimes called “ hitting bottom ” ) .
Ideas :
How is it that no one has noticed these studies and other factors before ?
Is there some reason we are so wedded to the disease model ?
Heyman : First , the recovery numbers are buried in tables and presented in ways that obscure the quit rates .
Although the math is simple , readers have to calculate the quit rates for themselves .
Second , most research is based on addicts who come to clinics .
But these are a distinct minority , and they are much more likely to keep using drugs past the age of 30 - probably because they have many more health problems than non-clinic addicts .
They are about twice as likely to suffer from depression , and are many times more likely to have HIV / AIDs .
These problems interfere with activities that can successfully compete with drug use .
Thus , experts have based their view of addiction on an unrepresentative sample of addicts .
Also , if we recognize that addiction is voluntary then we have to conclude that individuals are quite capable of voluntary self - destructive behavior .
This is hard to understand , and it raises questions about the wisdom of forms of government and economic institutions that assume human rationality - that individuals make choices which favor their best long - term interests .
Addiction tells us that humans can act persistently against their own interests .
Novelists and dramatists know this , but it ’s an idea that does n’t easily fit the modern scientific viewpoint .
Ideas :
But does n’t addiction have a strong hereditary component ?
Heyman : Yes .
We are biological creatures , and even voluntary behavior has a biology , including a genetic background .
The question is not whether addiction has a biological basis - it does - but whether its biological basis prevents drug use from coming under the influence of costs and benefits .
As it turns out , incentives matter .
Ideas :
What about the claim that addictive substances ( which these days are said to include food , the Internet , and all kinds of other things ) cause changes in the brain that make it almost impossible to exercise restraint ?
Heyman :
All experience that changes behavior does so by changing the brain .
The critical question is whether these changes are deleterious , and whether they block the influence of the factors that support self - control .
My hunch is that if drug - induced brain changes do not block the influence of costs and benefits on drug use , then Internet - induced brain changes do not make turning off your computer impossible .
Ideas :
If addiction is not a disease , what should we do differently to help one another and ourselves ?
Heyman : I do not pretend to be a policy expert .
But the implication of my analysis is that drug prevention and treatment programs should focus on things that raise the value of non-drug activities and lower the value of drugs .
This could include pharmacological methods such as methadone , which block the pleasure of heroin , and training that provides high - risk populations with marketable skills .
Schooling is worth emphasizing , since educational attainment is the strongest predictor of avoiding drug problems .
Just publicizing the fact that most addicts quit - and that addiction is not a chronic disease - may be helpful .
It ’s encouraging news , and it has the advantage of being true .
Daniel Akst is a writer in New York ’s Hudson Valley .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
From HotelNewsNow.com : HIP increases by 1.6 in July ; first sign of turning point
This morning , economic research firm e-forecasting.com , in conjunction with Smith Travel Research , announced that after 19 months of consecutive decline , HIP climbed 1.6 percent in July .
HIP , the Hotel Industry ’s Pulse index , is a composite indicator that gauges business activity in the US hotel industry in real - time .
The latest increase brought the index to a reading of 82.2 .
The index was set to equal 100 in 2000 .
...
“ With HIP finally showing a slight improvement after 19 months of decline , it appears we may be seeing the light at the end of the tunnel ” said Chad Church , Industry Research Manager at STR .
“ It will be important to monitor the pace of growth in the HIP over the second half of the year to see if July was an anomaly or a true turning point in this recession . ”
...
The composite indicator is made with the following components : revenues from consumers staying at hotels and motels adjusted for inflation , room occupancy rate and hotel employment , along with other key economic factors that influence hotel business activity .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This index suggests that the cliff diving for the hotel industry might be over , although this is just one data point .
Over the last couple of years the hotel industry has been crushed .
RevPAR ( Revenue per available room ) is off over 15 % compared to the same period in 2008 .
And at the current occupancy and room rate levels , many hotels are losing money .
The end to cliff diving is not the same as new growth , but it is better than more cliff diving !
HIP historical data provided by HotelNewsNow.com and e-forecasting.com
The Haymarket frame - up and the origins of May Day
Part one
By Walter Gilberti
11 May 2009
PART 1 | PART 2 | PART 3
We are republishing here a series of articles that originally appeared in April 1986 under the title “ One hundred years since the Haymarket frameup . ”
The articles were published in the Bulletin , the newspaper of the Workers League , forerunner of the Socialist Equality Party in the US .
Depiction of the bomb exploding at the Haymarket Rally
On the night of May 4 , 1886 , a crowd of several thousand workers gathered for a public rally at Haymarket Square in Chicago .
Because the crowd was smaller than expected , it was moved to a different location a short distance away , to Desplaines Street and Crane ’s Alley behind the Crane Brothers metal products factory .
The rally had been called by the International Workingmen ’s Party of America and its two leading organs in Chicago , the Alarm and the German - language Arbeiter - Zeitung .
A day earlier , at least two workers had been killed in a violent confrontation with police at the McCormick Reaper Works on Blue Island Avenue .
The workers had been locked out since February by the owner , Cyrus H. McCormick , Jr. , scion of the famous inventor , who had brought in 300 Pinkertons to escort the scabs .
These were , in turn , reinforced by hundreds of police .
On May 1 , the first May Day , more than 300,000 workers nationwide , including 40,000 in Chicago , walked off the job in support of the demand for an eight - hour day .
While the Eight - Hour Day Movement was led officially by the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions of the US and Canada , the immediate forerunner of the American Federation of Labor in Chicago , it was under the leadership of the anarchists , in particular , those associated with the Alarm and Arbeiter - Zeitung .
The rally at Haymarket was called in response to the police violence the previous day at the reaper works and was proceeding peacefully , despite the buildup of tensions fueled by a vicious campaign in the capitalist press designed to provoke violence against the leaders of the movement in Chicago .
The most prominent and popular of these leaders were the anarchists Albert Parsons and August Spies .
Despite the turmoil surrounding the eight - hour struggle in Chicago , it appeared as though the evening rally would end without incident .
Samuel Fielden , another prominent anarchist , was addressing the crowd , which had dwindled to less than 1,000 .
Fielden was finishing his remarks when police began advancing without warning on the remaining workers .
As the workers began to disperse , a bomb exploded in the midst of the police , seriously injuring a number of them .
One of the officers , Mathias J. Degan , died moments later from his wounds , and six more were to die over the next two weeks .
The police , led by the notorious Inspector John Bonfield , retaliated furiously , firing indiscriminately into the crowd , killing as many as eight workers and injuring many more .
Later , a total of 67 casualties killed or wounded were counted .
Eighteen months later , on November 11 , 1887 , four leading anarchists — Albert Parsons , August Spies , Adolph Fischer and George Engel — were executed by hanging at Cook County Jail .
Another defendant , Louis Lingg , committed suicide the day before his scheduled execution .
These men were the Haymarket Martyrs , and they occupy an honored place in the history of the class struggle both in the United States and internationally .
Two more anarchists , Michael Schwab and Samuel Fielden , were also convicted of murder in the death of Officer Degan .
Also sentenced to death , they received a last - minute commutation from Governor Richard J. Oglesby .
An eighth defendant in the trial , Oscar Neebe , was sentenced to 15 years in prison .
Neebe , along with Fielden and Schwab , were later pardoned by Oglesby ’s successor , Governor John Peter Altgeld .
May 4,1986 , marks the 100th anniversary of the Haymarket incident .
What followed the bombing was the first great political witch hunt and frame - up trial involving working class fighters in the United States .
It matched , in terms of the ferocity of the class hatred exhibited by the ruling class , the notorious Palmer Raids in 1919 and the frame - up and execution of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti in the 1920s .
The centenary of Haymarket has produced a large number of publications , both articles and books .
Among the most valuable is The Haymarket Tragedy , by Paul Avrich , Princeton University Press , which not only vividly details the Haymarket incident and the subsequent execution of four working class fighters , but also brings to life this formative period in the history of the American proletariat .
US capitalism after the Civil War
The post -Civil War period witnessed the explosive development of American capitalism and the emergence of the working class .
Having vanquished the Confederacy , Northern industrial capitalism could now expand westward unhindered .
This geographical movement , combined with enormous advances in the productive forces , put an end to the predominance of the small manufacturer and individual craftsman .
Between 1860 and 1894 the United States moved from fourth place to first worldwide in the production of industrial goods .
By 1894 this productive capacity accounted for one third of the world ’s output .
Increasingly , the different branches of production were combined in huge monopolies or trusts .
From the mining of natural resources , to the smelting of basic metals , to the manufacture of finished products , vast amounts of wealth were being concentrated in fewer and fewer hands .
Under conditions of the explosive ascendancy of American capitalism , the “ Age of the Robber Barons ” dawned .
Their wealth was obtained from the most brutal exploitation of the working class .
In every American city of the 1870s and 1880s obscene extravagance coexisted with levels of poverty hitherto unknown in the United States .
In no city were the class divisions more starkly juxtaposed than in Chicago .
The Great Chicago Fire of 1871 , far from wiping the city off the map , served to accelerate its growth into the major manufacturing , transportation and financial center of the Midwest , and the country ’s third largest city .
Among the leading capitalists of the day in Chicago were Marshall Field , George Pullman , Phillip D. Armour and the already - mentioned Cyrus McCormick , Jr .
The explosive growth of American capitalism brought with it the first crisis of overproduction .
The panic of 1873 , followed by a depression which lasted until 1879 , while not the first , was by far the worst economic crisis the country had yet experienced .
In The Haymarket Tragedy , author Paul Avrich describes the devastating impact of the slump on the working class :
“ Tens of thousands went hungry .
Cities like Chicago recorded a rising number of deaths from starvation , not only of single individuals , but of whole families .
Homeless men and women wandered the streets , seeking shelter in hallways , sleeping on park benches and lining up daily before the soup kitchens established in working - class neighborhoods .
“ Year after year the depression worsened .
By 1877 , according to some accounts , the number of unemployed had risen to nearly three million — in a nation of forty - five million people .
As many as fifteen million , moreover , were living at the poverty level .
Legions of tramps , for whom the Chicago Tribune prescribed ‘ a little strychnine or arsenic , ’ drifted across the country in search of work and shelter . ”
( Page 16 , The Haymarket Tragedy by Paul Avrich ; Princeton University Press , Princeton , NJ , 1984 )
The unemployed demonstrated in Chicago — the capitalist papers calling their protests “ bread riots . ”
The depression gave enormous impetus to the class struggle , and there was a profound radicalization of the working class .
Already , in 1869 , the Knights of Labor under Terence Powderly had been founded .
But now , with the ever - mounting influx of European immigrants , particularly from Germany , more radical ideas — socialism , Marxism and anarchism — were finding a greater audience in the working class .
This radicalization reached its high point in Chicago under the leadership of the anarchists of the International Workingmen ’s Party of America .
The most important leaders of this party in Chicago , and probably nationwide , were Albert Parsons and August Spies .
Albert Parsons
Albert Parsons was born in Montgomery , Alabama , on June 20 , 1848 .
His father Samuel , a native of Portland , Maine , had moved to Montgomery , where he established a shoe and leather factory .
The Parsons were quintessentially “ American . ”
They could trace their lineage back to the Mayflower and had an ancestor who served at the Battle of Bunker Hill during the American Revolutionary War .
Albert Parsons
By the age of five , Parsons was orphaned .
He was sent to live with his older brother in Tyler , Texas .
William Henry Parsons was an attorney and the proprietor of the Telegraph , a local Democratic paper .
Through his brother ’s influence , the younger Parsons became an apprentice for the Galveston News .
Parsons was raised a Southerner , so when the Civil War broke out he enlisted with the Army of the Confederacy .
He was very young at the time , being only 17 when he was discharged .
After the war , Parsons became a passionate defender of Reconstruction and a member of the Radical Republicans .
He started his own newspaper , the Spectator , in Waco , Texas .
The publication was short - lived , however , as he increasingly drew the hatred of racist elements opposed to Reconstruction .
They branded Parson a “ scalawag ” and forced him to leave Waco .
Moving to Houston , where he worked for his brother , now the publisher of the Houston Telegraph , Parsons met his future wife and political collaborator , Lucy Del Gather .
In 1873 , the Democrats regained control of the Texas legislature , ending the Reconstruction government in that state .
This development , along with the increasing difficulties Parsons encountered due to his anti-racist views , finalized his decision to leave Texas .
Albert and Lucy Parsons arrived in Chicago in late 1873 and were immediately struck by the extreme poverty and exploitation of the working class .
Parsons compared the conditions to the chattel slavery that had dominated the South .
The “ substance , ” Parsons wrote , “ remains the same : the capitalist in the former system owned the laborer , and hence his product , while under the latter , he owns the labor product and hence the person of the wage laborer . ”
Parsons became active in the workers ’ movement .
He joined International Typographical Union Local 16 , which is today one of the three unions on strike at the Chicago Tribune .
One hundred years ago , this same Tribune was the official mouthpiece of the Chicago robber barons .
As the Depression of the 1870s deepened and the protests grew , the Tribune was the principal source of the crudest anti-communism .
An 1875 Tribune editorial stated , in an ominous foreshadowing of the frame - up to come :
“ If the communists in this country are counting on the looseness of our police system and the tendency to proceed against criminals by due process of law ... they have ignored some of the most significant episodes of American history ....
Judge Lynch is an American by birth and character .
The Vigilance Committee is a peculiarly American institution ....
Every lamp post in Chicago will be decorated with a communistic carcass if necessary to prevent wholesale incendiarism or prevent any attempt at it . ”
During this period , Parsons was undergoing a profound political radicalization , and , for the first time , came into contact with the socialist movement .
Parsons read what socialist literature was available , including the Communist Manifesto and other works dealing with economics and historical materialism .
He joined the Working Men ’s Party , an organization which was at that time divided between two wings , a Marxist wing , favoring the organizing of trade unions and action to achieve economic gains , and the Lasalleans , who favored political action through the ballot box and opposed the fight for economic gains .
Railroad strike of 1877
The Great Railroad Strike of 1877 and its aftermath would open up these differences even further .
The strike was sparked by the announcement of a 10 percent pay cut on July 17 , 1877 , by the Baltimore & Ohio Co. Already driven to the brink by the depression , workers rebelled and the strike spread like wildfire .
Avrich , in The Haymarket Tragedy , writes :
“ Never before had America witnessed a nationwide uprising of workers , an uprising so obstinate and bitter that it was crushed only after much bloodshed .
Local police and state militias alone could not restore order .
For the first time , federal troops had to be called out during peacetime to suppress a domestic disturbance .
In the process , more than a hundred workmen were killed and several hundred wounded .
“ For a full week the strike dominated the front pages of American newspapers .
A new reality had entered American economic life .
The first great collision between capital and labor , it was a harbinger of things to come . ”
( Page 26 , The Haymarket Tragedy by Paul Avrich ; Princeton University Press , Princeton , NJ , 1984 )
The strike lasted for two weeks and spread to 17 states .
In Chicago , the Working Men ’s Party was receiving a hearing in the working class , much to the chagrin of the capitalist press .
Parsons , who had for years been honing his oratorical skills , addressed thousands of workers .
He was arrested during the strike , browbeaten and threatened with death by the police .
Artist depiction of the Battle of the Viaduct in Chicago during the Great Railroad Strike of 1877
US infantry units were brought in and roving bands of Civil War veterans and armed vigilantes organized by the “ Law and Order League , ” headed by industrialist George Pullman , roamed the streets , attacking groups of workers .
A number of workers were shot down by the troops , and the strike was broken .
Yet despite the strike ’s defeat , the enormity and power of the first major struggle of the American working class pushed forward its development even more rapidly .
Chicago became the strongest center of the Working Men ’s Party , which changed its name to the Socialistic Labor Party ( SLP ) in December of 1877 .
The Great Strike was largely an indigenous movement of the American working class , although immigrant workers certainly played a role .
The capitalist press , however , reflecting the terror of the bourgeoisie at the first volcanic eruption of the working class , and its effort to maintain illusions in American exceptionalism , quickly attributed the uprising to “ aliens ” and their ideology .
A central political problem of the workers ’ movement of that time was precisely the separation between the development of Marxism on American soil and the movement of the class struggle itself .
Frederick Engels was particularly critical of the German - American Marxists , who tended to view Marxism as a credo rather than as a guide to action .
Engels was adamant that the Germans had to “ doff every remnant of foreign garb ... and become out and out American . ”
In the aftermath of the railroad strike , divisions within the SLP emerged over whether or not the party should continue to run candidates , and on the question of the armed struggle .
In Chicago , a number of workers ’ defense groups were formed .
These included Lehr- und - Wehr Verein ( Education and Defense Society ) , Bohemian Sharpshooters , Jaeger Verein and the Irish Labor Guards .
But it was over the question of the so - called “ political ” struggle , meaning the running of candidates , or socialism by the ballot vs. revolutionary action , that the split in the SLP would emerge .
During this period , Parsons and others in the leadership of the movement in Chicago and elsewhere were moving sharply to the left .
One of the ablest of these leaders was August Spies .
August Spies
Spies was born in Landeck in southwest Germany , the son of a government forester .
After his father ’s death , Spies emigrated to the United States and moved to Chicago in 1873 , where he became a small tradesman in the upholstery business .
August Spies
Like Parsons , Spies became radicalized under the impact of the depression and the Great Strike , becoming a leader among the German - American socialists in Chicago .
After the strike , he joined both the Socialistic Labor Party and Lehr- und - Wehr Verein .
Spies was both a man of action and an intellectual , fluent in both German and English .
Among the books he read was Marx ’s Capital and Lewis Henry Morgan ’s Ancient Society .
While both he and Parsons became anarchists , Paul Avrich points out that they owed their political development to Marx as well as Proudhon , Bakunin and Kropotkin .
In October of 1880 , Spies , Oscar Neebe and others were expelled from the SLP for opposing the party ’s policy of running candidates in elections .
Spies had become disillusioned after an SLP candidate , who won a place on the Chicago City Council , was fraudulently denied his seat .
The final emancipation of labor , Spies wrote , would come about “ through an economic struggle only , not through politics . ”
Both Spies and Parsons were moving in the direction of anarchism and attended the Pittsburgh Congress in October of 1883 .
The Congress ’s principal organizer was the German anarchist Johann Most .
Most was an uncompromising anarchist who advocated the violent overthrow of capitalism , and , as a follower of Bakunin , was sharply criticized by Marx and Engels .
He was , nonetheless , a compelling orator and became a prominent leader of the growing anarchist movement in the United States .
Marx had fully supported the Paris Commune of 1871 , analyzing it as the first attempt by the working class to seize power in its own right .
The experience of the Commune , Marx concluded , demonstrated that the old state machinery had to be smashed and replaced by a new state democratically controlled by the workers — the dictatorship of the proletariat .
He was completely opposed to the anarchist formula of “ abolishing the state , ” a petty - bourgeois and utopian slogan which made no distinction between the class character of different states — feudal , bourgeois and proletarian — and therefore held the working class back from the political struggle to establish its own state power .
Engels explained the necessity for the dictatorship of the proletariat in an article , “ On the Occasion of Karl Marx ’s Death , ” published in 1883 :
“ [ W ]e have always held that ... the proletarian class will first have to possess itself of the organized political force of the State and with this aid stamp out the resistance of the Capitalist class and reorganize society .
This is stated already in the Communist Manifesto of 1847 , end of Chapter II .
“ The Anarchists reverse the matter .
They say that the Proletarian revolution has to begin by abolishing the political organization of the State .
But after the victory of the Proletariat , the only organization the victorious working class finds ready - made for use is that of the State .
“ It may require adaptation to the new functions .
But to destroy it at such a moment would be to destroy the only organism by means of which the victorious working class can exert its newly conquered power , keep down its capitalist enemies and carry out that economic revolution of society without which the whole victory must end in a defeat and in a massacre of the working class like that after the Paris Commune . ”
In the case of Parsons and Spies , their differences with Most were not over the question of the state , but of the necessity for union organization .
They had already penetrated deeply into the workers ’ movement and were ardent supporters of the trade unions .
While they agreed with Most on the need for armed insurrection to overthrow capitalism , they opposed his hostility to trade unionism .
The two leaders from Chicago put forward what became known as the “ Chicago Idea . ”
To be continued
Despite the traditional media 's narrative that real Americans do n't support the choice of a public , we know it 's rubbish at best .
Progressives pushed back hard last week and made it clear the House can't pass a bill without a public option .
Now we need to prove the Senate CAN pass a health care bill .
DFA , PCCC , Open Left , and all the usual suspects are trying to identify five more supporters to add to the pot this week and build the momentum that a public option is doable in Washington .
We changed the status quo last week and , with the news of Ted Kennedy 's death , we can do it again in his honor .
So contact all of the Senator , and ask them to support a public option this week .
Get them to respond and it will steamroll the effort just like it did last week .
What else can you do ?
Right now , we need to honor Ted Kennedy 's memory .
In fact , the Senate and the House should rename the bill " The Kennedy Bill " so we can finally make his dream a reality .
The PCCC was WAY ahead of me on this one and already have a petition up asking for just that .
From their website :
All the signatures will be hand - delivered to the offices of Sen.
Harry Reid and other key senators in Washington DC next Monday , August 31 -- just as the Senate is returning from August recess .
Good .
It 's nice it 's not all list building -- so click here to sign it .
Other than that .
Keep up attending local meetings , talking to friends and family , and do n't budge a public option .
Remember , that was the compromise .
[ UPDATE # 1 : I know this annoys some people , but thanks for all the 'recs . ]
Search DVD Player : Hits per page : 25 50 100 150 200
New hacks
Help us keep the list up to date and Submit new DVD and Blu-ray Players here .
This list is based from user reports and we haveverified or tested any region codes .
Use them at your own risk .
What are Blu-ray and DVD region codes , country codes , multi-region or zone locks ?
Read DVD
Player region codes and Blu-ray region codes =
New region code / hack comments since your last visit .
Oh yeah !.
With the power of DBus and libpurple APIs it is possible to give your boss the illusion of managing you .
Just run the following script ( under WTFPL ) .
Tested with jabber accounts in a live office environment :P .
#!/usr/bin/env python #
By Sudharshan S , released under WTFPL import dbus import gobject import time class PointyHairedBoss : def __init__ ( self , boss_id , source , frequency=30 ) : self .
boss_id = boss_id self .
source = source self .
frequency = frequency bus = dbus.
SessionBus ( ) _pidgin_proxy = bus.get_object(" im.pidgin.purple.PurpleService " , \ " /im/pidgin/purple /PurpleObject " ) self .
purple = dbus .
Interface ( _pidgin_proxy , " im.pidgin.purple.PurpleService " ) # FIXME : account_id = self.purple.PurpleAccountsGetAllActive( ) [ 0 ] self.boss_conversation = self.purple.PurpleConversationNew(1 , account_id , self.boss_id ) self.boss_im = self.purple.PurpleConvIm(self.boss_conversation ) print self.boss_im def start_nonsense( self ) : question_list = open ( self.source ) for q in question_list : self.purple.PurpleConvImSend(self.boss_im , q ) time.sleep(self.frequency ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : # Change the jabber id and the path to your questions , with an optional frequency o = PointyHairedBoss ( " foo@gmail.com " , " questions " ) o.start_nonsense ( )
[ Haskell ]
Safe and generic printf with C - like format string
The familiar printf is unsafe : nothing prevents us from passing to printf more or fewer arguments than required by the format specification , or passing the arguments of wrong types .
The error is discovered only at run-time .
The implementation of printf in Haskell , alas , retains this problem .
There is also a desire to better integrate printf with Show , so we can format the value of any showable type : we 'd like to have something like the ~a specification of Common Lisp .
Integrating printf with show , thus making it generic , is quite easy .
The implementation is still Haskell98 .
It has just been posted : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/2009-June/062410.html
Given its simplicity , one may wonder why it was not mentioned in the Haskell98 report or included in standard libraries .
The safety problem still remains : we 'd like to prevent the mismatch between the arguments of printf and the format specification statically .
That too is easy to accomplish .
Type - safe printf has been described by Olivier Danvy back in 1998 .
It is part of SML / NJ .
The only remaining bit is to convert the formatting _string_ to the more representative and more useful to the type - checker form .
That too is easy , with Template Haskell ( as Ryan Ingram remarked ) .
The following code implements that suggestion .
Aside from the use of template Haskell , it is Haskell98 .
Beside the familiar format specifications %s and %d , in implements the specification %a to format any showable value .
The code is available at http://okmij.org/ftp/typed-formatting/TotalPrintF.hs
http://okmij.org/ftp/typed-formatting/TFTest.hs
The second file contains these examples : module TFTest where import TotalPrintF t1 = printf $ ( spec " Hello , there ! " ) --
" Hello , there ! " t2 = printf $ ( spec " Hello , %s ! " ) " there " -- " Hello , there ! " t3 = printf $ ( spec " The value of %s is % d " ) " x " 3 -- " The value of x is 3 " -- Mismatch between the formatting string and the printf arguments -- is a type error .
-- t31 = printf $ ( spec " The value of %s is % d " ) " x " True -- Could n't match expected type ` Bool ' against inferred type ` Int ' {- t32 = printf $ ( spec " The value of %s is % d " ) " x " 3 10 Could n't match expected type `t1 -> t ' against inferred type ` String ' Probable cause : `printf ' is applied to too many arguments -} t4 = let x = [ 9,16,25 ] i = 2 in printf $ ( spec " The element number %d of %a is %a " ) i x ( x !! i ) --
" The element number 2 of [ 9,16,25 ] is 25 "
First , Nelson released a statement on 7/29/09 that he was unsure how he'd vote on Sonia Sotomayor 's confirmation to the Supreme Court .
That position was reversed shortly .
It appears that Nelson has suddenly discovered Sonia 's great credentials :
In reaching his decision , Nelson said , he was impressed by the solid endorsement of the American Bar Association and by Sotomayor 's extensive experience as a judge .
" The record shows she is not an activist , " he said , and that she has " a great respect for the law . "
Second , on the health care reform bill , Progressive groups began airing ads that attacked Nelson 's refusal to back a strong , public option .
By the end of the day , Nelson had demanded that progressive groups stop airing the ads or risk stopping health care reform :
n a statement issued late in the afternoon by Nelson 's office , spokesman Jake Thompson warned that if the new series of ads calling out the Senator 's " stalling " on reform were " an indication of the politics going into August , then health care reform may be dead by the end of August . "
In response to this threat , progressive groups upped the ante and tripled their ad buy .
Nelson also tried to diffuse the situation by calling the local Nebraskan who appears in the ads .
" To be real honest with you , I do n't know if he was just being aggressive or nervous but he just wanted to put out his position on the issue , " Snider recalled in an interview with the Huffington Post .
" He said he supported the public option but one that would n't affect the current plans of 200 million Americans . "
" I told him I did n't understand .
And he tried to explain it .
He put his position out .
He said if we went with a full public option -- which he called a government plan -- it would drive the price down and hurt private companies .
I said , ' you mean competition . '
And he replied that it would force people off the private plan and onto the government plan . "
" That happened twice , " Snider concluded .
" He was telling me how bad a public option would be and when he was done I said , ' So you do n't support a public option . '
He would reply , ' That 's not what I say . ' "
So , it looks like the pressure is working .
We need to keep it up .
If we can get Ben Nelson to fold , some of his other conservative Democratic Senators may also fold .
The largest oil consuming countries ( and EU ) , in millions of barrels per day for 2007 .
China increased use by 1 billion barrels a day , the USA and Europe decreased use by 100 million barrels a day from our post last year on Oil Consumption by Country .
Country consumption % of oil used % of population % of World GDP % of oil used in 2006 USA 20.7 24.3 4.5 21.0 25.9 European Union 14.4 16.9 7.4 21.9 18.1 China 7.9 9.2 19.9 10.8 8.6 Japan 5.0 5.8 1.8 6.5 6.7 India 2.7 3.1 17.3 4.5 3.0 Russia 2.7 3.1 2.0 3.1 3.6 Germany 2.5 2.8 1.2 4.2 3.3 Brazil 2.4 2.7 2.9 2.8 2.6 Canada 2.4 2.7 0.4 1.9 2.9 Mexico 2.1 2.4 1.6 2.0 2.6 South Korea 2.1 2.4 0.7 1.8 2.7
Data is from CIA World Factbook 2009 ( downloaded August 2009 ) .
GDP calculated using purchasing power parity from 2008 fact book with estimated 2007 data .
Related : Government Debt as a Percentage of GDP – Global Manufacturing Production by Country – Manufacturing Contracting Globally ( March 2009 )
Comments
Correction to this article
IN A Manhattan park on March 31st the Unemployment Olympics took place .
Participants competed in events such as the “ Telephone Toss ” and “ Pin the Blame on the Bosses ” .
But other unemployed people are looking for charity work to occupy their time .
Many non-profit organisations are seeing an increase in people looking to help .
Even before the economic crisis , AmeriCorps , a programme which takes young volunteers for a year , was turning away two applicants for every one it accepted .
Teach for America , which sends recent college graduates to teach in needy schools , saw 35,000 students apply for up to 4,000 openings this year .
In February VolunteerNYC.org , New York 's public - service site , saw a 27 % increase in visitors compared with a year ago .
Non-profit organisations now have 9.4 m employees and 4.7 m full - time volunteers nationwide .
They make up 11 % of the American workforce , more than the car and financial industries combined , according to “ The Quiet Crisis ” , a report by Civic Enterprises and the Democratic Leadership Council .
Demand for their services has increased dramatically in recent months .
The United Way has seen a 68 % increase in the number of calls for food , shelter and warm clothing .
Corporate America , too , is joining in .
Companies such as Timberland and PricewaterhouseCoopers allow employees time off for public service .
Others , like Target , are going into partnership with non-profit groups to provide pro bono marketing and financial advice .
“ These times demand that we develop a new social contract , ” says Laysha Ward of Target .
The Taproot Foundation is trying to bring the pro bono ethic to other professions by putting corporate America in touch with charity groups that need their expertise .
Thousands of lawyers have been laid off in recent months .
Law Shucks ( lawshucks.com ) , a website that tracks layoffs from big law firms , puts the casualties since January at 9,946 , 4,046 of them lawyers and the rest support staff .
Job offers to graduates have often been rescinded or deferred ; salaries , even of established partners , are being cut .
But some law firms are encouraging the underemployed or deferred to do pro bono legal work for a public - interest group for a time .
Some are paid monthly stipends or are offered a portion , often a third , of their salary .
Bain & Company , a consulting firm , is also encouraging deferred recruits to do pro bono work .
On March 31st Congress overwhelmingly passed the Edward Kennedy Serve America Act .
This bill , the most sweeping overhaul of the national - service programme since it was launched in 1993 , will devote $ 5.7 billion over five years to expanding or creating national - service programmes , including tripling the size of AmeriCorps from 75,000 positions to 250,000 .
In 2008 AmeriCorps members mobilised 2.2 m community volunteers , so this expansion could affect 7 m people .
The new law will also create “ encore fellowships ” , which will tap the skills and experience of older Americans for second careers in education , health care and non-profit management .
A January survey by the AARP , which represents 40 m Americans aged 50 and above , found that 73 % of those who responded preferred to give time rather than money .
Correction :
An earlier version of this article stated that the Unemployment Olympics took place in Brooklyn .
In fact they were held in Manhattan 's Tomkins Square Park .
This article was corrected on April 8th , 2009 .
The World Health Organization suggests that no more than 10 % of total calories come from sugars .
Not surprisingly , Americans far surpass that mark : A 2005 study of U.S. diets found that we consume an average of 22.9 teaspoons of sugar per day , which works out to 16.6 % of total calories .
What ’s wrong with that , you ask ?
Diets high in added sugars result in more dental cavities .
And researchers strongly suspect – but have not definitively proven – that high consumption is linked to unhealthy weight gain , in part because the processed foods that contain added sugars displace healthier alternatives , like fruits and vegetables .
Researchers from the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Md. , and colleagues from Information Management Services Inc. in Silver Spring , Md. , wondered whether intake of added sugars was linked to race , ethnicity , income or educational status .
To find out , they analyzed data from 30,805 adults who participated in the 2005 National Health Interview Survey .
Among other things , participants were asked how frequently they consumed soda ; fruit drinks ; doughnuts , sweet rolls and muffins ; and cake , cookies and pie .
The researchers converted their responses into servings of added sugars using other data on portion sizes .
In the study , added sugars were defined as “ white sugar , brown sugar , raw sugar , corn syrup , corn - syrup solids , high - fructose corn syrup , malt syrup , maple syrup , pancake syrup and fructose sweetener . ”
Sugars that occur naturally in milk and fruit were not included in the analysis .
So , who has the biggest sweet tooth ?
Generally speaking , men ate more added sugars than women – the average daily intake of added sugars was 18.8 teaspoons for men and 12.7 for women .
Young adults ate more than older adults – 18.3 teaspoons per day among people ages 18 to 39 , compared with 11.7 teaspoons per day for people who had already reached their 60th birthdays , according to results of the study , published in the August issue of the Journal of the American Dietetic Assn .
There were also distinct patterns according to race and ethnicity .
Asian Americans ate the least added sugars ( 12.9 teaspoons per day ) , followed by Hispanics ( 14.9 teaspoons per day ) and whites ( 15.3 teaspoons per day ) .
African Americans and Native Americans essentially tied at slightly more than 16 teaspoons of added sugar per day , the study found .
Those with more education and higher household incomes ate less than people who were lower on the income and education scales .
The results were n’t completely surprising , the authors noted , since the least expensive foods have the most added sugars .
Several previous studies have linked low income to bigger body sizes .
-- Karen Kaplan
Photo : Mmmmm , added sugars ......
Photo credit : Seth Wenig / Associated Press
The Oregon / Idaho chapter of the American Automobile Association ( a.k.a. “ Triple A ” ) is set to announce that their legendary roadside assistance plan will now cover people riding bicycles .
According to sources , the 50 million member non-profit auto lobbying group and service organization that was founded in 1902 , is set to make the announcement in a press release tomorrow .
Thanks to the Internet , we can get a sneak peek at what they ’ve got planned .
Here ’s how they introduce the service :
“ You ’ve been riding to save gas or stay in shape .
For that , you deserve credit .
Now AAA
Plus provides you with added benefits to recognize your efforts and your lifestyle . ”
Story continues below
advertisement
And here ’s how it would work :
Bicycle transportation service is provided for the rider whose bicycle is disabled .
Service will be provided to any point of safety within a 25 - mile radius of the bicycle breakdown .
Service applies to all bicycles and tandems , including rental bicycles .
Service is only available within the AAA Oregon / Idaho coverage area , which includes Oregon and the southern 34 counties of Idaho .
Four years ago , we covered a similar plan offered by the Better World Club , but this is the first I ’ve heard of the AAA behemoth recognizing the growing number bike riders and including them in their product .
Front Page , News
Alberto Gonzales
By Allan Lengel
ticklethewire.com
WASHINGTON — Sadly , Alberto Gonzales was one of the worst U.S. Attorney General ’s this country has ever had .
Gonzales , who has taken a teaching job at Texas Tech , told the New York Times that he has not been offered a job at any law firms since leaving his post , and he has not spoken to President Bush since the Bush left office .
Here are some questions and answers from an interview with the New York Times ’ Deborah Solomon .
Is n’t there still an ongoing investigation by a special prosecutor who was appointed last year to look into the removal of the attorneys ?
I wish I could comment on that , but because it ’s an ongoing investigation , I cannot .
Would you agree that your reputation was damaged by your service as attorney general ?
It has had an effect , a negative effect , no question about it , and at times it makes me angry because it is undeserved .
But I do n’t want to sound like I am whining .
At the end of the day , I ’ve been the attorney general of the United States .
It ’s a remarkable privilege , and I stand behind my service .
Has any law firm offered you a job since you left the White House ?
Listen , I ’ve had some interest and I ’ve had some discussions , but there has been no offer made .
In a tough economic climate , I can understand why a company or a firm would want to make sure that the investigations are complete and there is no finding of wrongdoing before they make a hiring decision .
Do you still talk to President Bush ?
I have not spoken with the president since he left office .
Have you ever been tempted to pick up the phone and say hi to him ?
I do , of course , think about our time together , and there are times when I think about doing that .
But listen , I know that he has his life to live .
I ’ve got challenges and my life to live as well .
To Read Full Interview
the national aeronautics and space administration ( NASA ) joined forces with goodyear to develop an airless tire to be used on extraterrestrial surfaces .
the ‘ spring tire ’ features 800 load bearing springs and is designed to carry heavy vehicles over much greater distances than the wire mesh tire used on the apollo lunar roving vehicle .
it ’s able to withstand the sharp temperature differences of outer space and will not blow out if it is punctured .
should a puncture occur , it would affect only one or a few of the 800 load bearing springs .
‘ with the combined requirements of increased load and life , we needed to make a fundamental change to the original moon tire .
what the goodyear - NASA team developed is an innovative , yet simple network of interwoven springs that does the job .
the tire design seems almost obvious in retrospect , as most good inventions do . ’
‘ along with having this ultra- redundant characteristic , the tire has a combination of overall stiffness yet flexibility that allows off - road vehicles to travel fast over rough terrain with relatively little motion being transferred to the vehicle ’ .
– vivake asnani , NASA principal investigator
see a video of the tire ’s development here .
via autoevolution
‘ think outside the parking box ’ international design competition
designboom and nissan motor company are looking for YOUR artwork that
illustrate your perception within the theme ‘ think outside the parking
box ’.
challenge conventional urban parking !
playful enhanced parking
technology , robotic facilities , safety , dynamic services , green parking
… creative solutions that address urban parking problems , statements
of objections , creative - innovative - and - hilarious ideas in form of
videos , art - design objects and illustrations can be submitted .
register for free here
spectrwm
spectrwm is a small , dynamic tiling and reparenting window manager for X11 .
It tries to stay out of the way so that valuable screen real estate can be used for much more important stuff .
It has sane defaults , and it does not require one to learn a language to do any configuration .
spectrwm is written by hackers for hackers , and it strives to be small , compact , and fast .
spectrwm was largely inspired by xmonad and dwm .
Both are fine products , but they suffer from things like : crazy - unportable - language syndrome , silly defaults , asymmetrical window layout , the ' how hard can it be ? ' ( to code efficiently ) problem , and good old NIH .
Nevertheless , dwm was a phenomenal resource , and good ideas and code were borrowed from it .
On the other hand , xmonad has great defaults and key bindings , plus xinerama support , but it is crippled by not being written in C .
spectrwm is a beautiful pearl !
For it , too , was created by grinding irritation .
Nothing is a bigger waste of time either than moving windows around until they are the right size - ish or having just about any relevant key combination be eaten by some task one never performs .
The path of agony is too long to quote , and , in classic OpenBSD fashion ( put up , or hack up ) , a brand new window manager was whooped up to serve no other purpose than to obey its masters .
spectrwm is released under the ISC license .
Patches can be accepted , provided that they are also licensed with ISC .
Building and installation
Click here for current installation guide
Feedback and questions
You can and come chat with us on IRC .
We use the OFTC channel #spectrwm .
Major features
Dynamic RandR support ( multi- head )
Navigation anywhere on all screens with either the keyboard or mouse
Customizable status bar
Human readable configuration file
Restartable without losing state
Quick launch menu
Many screen layouts possible with a few simple key strokes
Windows can be added or removed from master area
Windows can be moved to any workspace or within a region
Resizable master area
Move / resize floating windows
Drag - to - float
Extended Window Manager Hints ( EWMH ) Support
Configureable tiling
Adjustable tile gap allows for a true one pixel border .
Customizable colors and border width .
User definable regions
User definable modkey & key bindings
User definable quirk bindings
User definable key bindings to launch applications
Multi OS support ( * BSD , Linux , OSX , Windows / cygwin )
Reparenting window manager
Documentation
Click here for current man page
License
spectrwm is ISC licensed unless otherwise specified in individual files .
Screenshots
Brixton Academy this evening ( 26th ) will be host to The Arctic Monkeys , Who ’s support slot for the gig is being bill boarded with a ‘ very special guests ’ only .
Its been very strongly suggested that Them Crooked Vultures will be making their UK Debut supporting the Arctic Monkeys on their one - off launch show to help promote new album ‘ Humbug ’ .
This is only a strongly suggested rumor though , but it does add to the already strong speculation that Them Crooked Vultures are appearing at the Reading and Leeds festival as this years secret act , with Brit - Pop veterans Echobelly as the secret support .
It would make sense after all , in betting that the outfit would get the best reception in the UK , given that all three members do have enormous followings with past / current exploits in the country , and that they are doing the rounds at the moment .
They have already visited Hollands Lowlands and Belgium ’s Pukkelpop festivals in the past week so they are getting closer .
Whether they are or not aside , my bet is on the bands first single / album coming out this side of Christmas .
‘ Nobody like me and neither do i’ is the front runner in the Crooked Vultures first single game .
Check it out below .
( you ’ll have to be patient until around 2mins 30 ) However , T - shirts are already available .
kinda a funny story .
I find thing in apartments .
People leave stuff and move out or they get evicted ... what ever .
So im cleaning out this apartment and I find a box of train movies .
The movies say train trip across usa .
Something like that .
So I wait the normal 30 days and take the stuff home .
I unload all this junk on ebay and make some money off it .
So i type in the name of the movies and it pulls them up .
So ok they are legit .
I start listing them .
I decide to take one to my dad .
He was a big model railroad fan and thought he would enjoy it .
So I go over and leave him the movie .
He calls the next day and is like " thanks son for the movie but you could have told me first .
Your mother was n't to happy about you giving me that . "
I 'm like what the is he talking about .
It dawns on me .
I have n't checked these movies .
OH CRAP !?
I just shipped some out !!!!!
I go home and pop them into the vcr ... and guess what ?
ALL PORN !
Not your normal everyday porn .
Its like midgets on dunkeys that sort of shit !
Every single one of them !
They are all in these train cases with a train sticker .
As I start to look at them more .
The porn label is underneath with these train stickers on top .
Very cleaver way for your wife not to find your unsual handicapped animal love fetish but hell for me on ebay !
As you can imagine I had some upset people on ebay .
Lucky for me I was able to email everybody before they watched it .
Of course they got their money back and some free freaky porn if they were into that sort of thing .
Leason learned !
Check everything before you sell on ebay !
Leading conservative economist Bruce Bartlett penned a great article over at the Daily Beast on how so much of the rage being stirred up in Republican circles is misplaced :
Where is the evidence that everything would be better if Republicans were in charge ?
Does anyone believe the economy would be growing faster or that unemployment would be lower today if John McCain had won the election ?
I know of no economist who holds that view .
The economy is like an ocean liner that turns only very slowly .
The gross domestic product and the level of employment would be pretty much the same today under any conceivable set of policies enacted since Barack Obama ’s inauguration .
In January , the Congressional Budget Office projected a deficit this year of $ 1.2 trillion before Obama took office , with no estimate for actions he might take .
To a large extent , the CBO ’s estimate simply represented the $ 482 billion deficit projected by the Bush administration in last summer ’s budget review , plus the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program , which George W. Bush rammed through Congress in September over strenuous conservative objections .
Thus the vast bulk of this year ’s currently estimated $ 1.8 trillion deficit was determined by Bush ’s policies , not Obama’s .
I think conservative anger is misplaced .
To a large extent , Obama is only cleaning up messes created by Bush .
This is not to say Obama has n’t made mistakes himself , but even they can be blamed on Bush insofar as Bush ’s incompetence led to the election of a Democrat .
If he had done half as good a job as most Republicans have talked themselves into believing he did , McCain would have won easily .
I tuned into Yahoo Finance this morning .
I usually do it to amuse myself about newsflashes such as “ Stocks advance on cheaper oil . ” and “ Stocks fall as lower oil fuels demand worries ” .
But what do I find today ?
On the front page there are 5 different stories involving Ron Paul :
Click image to enlarge .
( … they are even interested in his appearance in the movie Bruno )
One may wonder why this was not the case when it actually mattered , like during the Republican primaries for example , or in 2003 when he warned about the disaster that subsidized loans made by Fannie and Freddie will cause .
However , late enlightenment is better than none at all .
The Campaign for Liberty is winning .
The proof is in the pudding .
Related Posts :
After spending his first three years out of college in an entry - level position with Ask.com , Erhen was ready to move on to something with more responsibility .
One day , he received a phone call from a company that wanted him to come in for an immediate interview .
The following day , Erhen arrived at the company ’s place of business .
It was a sports equipment supplier , operating out of a building that might have been built entirely out of asbestos .
On the inside , there was n’t a piece of furniture or decoration that had been built post - cold war .
“ It ’s great to have you here , Ehren ! ” a nice older gentlemen in his sixties said .
He was the hiring manager .
“ We ’ve been looking for a project manager for this huge job we have , and it looks like you ’ve got the experience we want .
Now you say that you ’ve worked with the internet before ? ”
“ Well , yes . ” Erhen replied , a little put off by how vague the phrase ‘ worked with the internet ’ was .
Technically , one could classify downloading porn as ‘ working with the internet . ’
Erhen elaborated , “ I currently work for Ask.com . ”
“ I see … ” he said .
“ And what do they do ? ”
Erhen was n’t quite prepared for that question .
While Ask is hardly a search engine juggernaut , they ’re still fairly well known .
And he had just assumed that the Ask.com name was the main reason they had interest in hiring him .
“ They ’re a search engine like Google . ”
“ Well , you ’re going to enjoy the security of working for us , ” the manager said .
“ We ’re a ‘ real ’ company and probably bigger than anything you ’ve got experience with .
We ’ve got almost 60 employees here .
How many people work at Ask , 15 ? 20 ? ”
“ Ummm ” Erhen paused , “ they have a few thousand people working for them . ”
“ Really ? ” the sexagenarian questioned , “ that does n’t sound right .
I thought most internet companies were run by college students in garages ? ”
“ Well I think that ’s how they started , ” Erhen replied gently , “ maybe , like , fifteen years ago .
But they ’re pretty big now .
They have real offices and everything . ”
“ That ’s great ! ” he said .
“ I ’m looking for someone who understands the internet , because after voting down my suggestion that our company launch a website each of the past eight years , they ’ve finally agreed to let me put one up ! ”
Erhen let that sink in for a moment .
“ Your business is supplying sports equipment to companies , schools , and individuals , right ?
How are you having customers fill out orders now ? ”
“ Oh , we do everything by catalogue and mail , ” he responded , “ the board has let me try out having a website as a way of supplementing our current ordering system .
But I have this hunch that we ’ll be able to save money on printing and postage if we use the internet .
The idea is to have people check our catalogue through the web , print out order forms , and then mail them in . ”
Erhen checked his watch .
Yes , it was still 2007 and there had n’t been a time - warp .
“ That ’s where you come in , ” the interviewer smiled , “ we need someone to take this idea and run with it .
The board has designated a budget of almost two thousand dollars .
You ’d be in charge of using those funds to build us a top - of - the - line website ! ”
He just stared in disbelief ; by that point , Erhen was waiting for a candid camera crew to jump out and yell “ surprise ! ”
“ And ” he added , leaning in .
“ I have this idea that ’s kind of our ace - in - the - hole . ”
Erhen blinked .
It was the only response he could think of that would n’t convey his opinion of him , the board and the interview .
He fully expected to hear the manager explain his invention of horseless carriages that would one day put the railroads out of business .
“ I want our site not only to have an up - to - date catalogue of our products available for free , but I think that we could figure out a way to have people order products and pay for them online as well .
Think about it : we could be the first sporting - equipment supplier in the world to offer this service . ”
Erhen decided not to take that job .
According to a report in the Saturday edition of the Independent , top US commander in Afghanistan General Stanley McChrystal will request another 20,000 troops for the war effort in Afghanistan , on top of the escalation already provided by President Obama , when he issues his new “ plan ” for the nation .
Gen. Stanley McChrystal
Shortly after taking office President Obama approved the addition of another 17,000 to the war effort as part of an attempt to turn around the sagging war effort .
He added another further 4,000 troops in March as part of his new “ comprehensive strategy ” at the time .
Needless to say , the strategy did not work , and the situation in Afghanistan has continued to worsen .
Gen. McKiernan was ousted in May , and Gen. McChrystal was put in place to attempt yet another new strategy .
The release of that strategy has been delayed , but has long been assumed to be another escalation , which the administration seems only too eager to oblige .
At the same time , three high profile polls show that the American public , long supportive of the military effort in Afghanistan , has had enough and is now firmly opposed to the conflict ’s continuation .
Though the war seems far from foremost in the minds of many voters right now , a further escalation could have political consequences down the road .
Likewise , the ability of the military to provide yet another 20,000 troops even as it continues to keep over 130,000 troops on the ground in Iraq is very much in doubt .
Though the US may be able to coax a few thousand more troops out of the virtually lame duck Brown Administration in Britain , the vast majority would have to come from the US , and would put the joint commitment on the ground in the two major wars at over 200,000 troops at any given time .
There are two wars going on in Afghanistan .
One is to defeat the Taliban , and that war is not going well .
The other is to liberate women , and that war has hardly begun .
If the first war is won but the second is lost , Afghanistan will turn into a failed state -- a caldron of violence and misery , home to extremism and totally outside the Western orbit of influence .
Last week ’s election , however imperfect , is welcome , but it means little as long as women remain enslaved in this patriarchal , tradition - bound culture .
In most of the country , a woman needs her husband ’s permission to leave her home .
Domestic violence is tragically common .
Indeed , the government elected in 2004 passed , and President Hamid Karzai signed into law , legislation legalizing marital rape .
Older men use their wealth and power to marry young women .
In April , according to news reports , when a teenage Afghan girl called Gulsima eloped with a boy her own age instead of marrying an older man , she and the boyfriend were shot to death in front of the mosque in the southwest province of Nimrod .
Currently , Afghanistan is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman , and -- as is the case everywhere women ’s rights are nonexistent or in decline -- the birthrate is high .
Afghan women have an average of about seven children , and the population has been doubling about every 20 years .
Today it is 34 million .
According to U.N. estimates , by 2050 it could reach a staggering 90 million .
That rapid population growth and the demographics that go with it drive most of Afghanistan ’s worst problems .
All too often , demography is overlooked in developing countries , as I experienced in 2002 when I wrote the budgets for a U.N. agency working to rebuild Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban .
Part of our job was to write a 10 - year financial plan .
As my colleague from the World Bank was closing his computer , I said , “ You do realize in 10 years ’ time there will be almost 50 % more people needing healthcare ? ”
He had n’t .
After an expletive and some more hitting of computer keys , the budget totals rose considerably .
Advertisement
I made my first visit to Afghanistan in 1969 .
Even then it was clear that slowing population growth was a prerequisite for feeding Afghanistan , for its socioeconomic progress and for any shred of hope for a stable democracy .
One result of rapid population growth is that two - thirds of the Afghan population is below the age of 25 .
The primary role models for the volatile , testosterone - filled young men in this group are local warlords .
The reason Al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden ( who , incidentally , is the 17th child of a man who had 54 children ) have found a haven in Afghanistan is largely because of the mixture of loyalty and anger generated among males in such a society , in which there are no genuine economic opportunities for advancement .
The word “ taliban ” means “ student . ”
The men who condemned Gulsima and her young boyfriend were probably 18 or 19 years old .
So in a country where women have had their fingers cut off because they painted their nails , where the Taliban threw acid on girls trying to go to school , is there any possibility of improving the status of women ?
Yes .
When Karzai signed the law demeaning and controlling women , he did so as an ugly deal to buy the support of the very traditional Shiite minority in the west of the country .
But linguistically , culturally and religiously , this population is simply an extension of eastern Iran .
And Iran happens to be a powerful example of how family planning can liberate women and change a society for the better .
Advertisement
In the 1980s , the typical Iranian woman had almost as many children as her counterpart in Afghanistan today .
Even an oil - rich country could not support that rate of population growth .
The Koran mentions contraception in a positive light , and Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the religious leader and founder of Iran ’s Islamic Republic , endorsed family planning .
Iran began to offer a full range of contraceptive choices and even voluntary sterilization .
Before young couples could marry , they were required to receive family - planning instruction .
The typical Iranian woman now has 2.1 children .
The transition in Iran from high to low birthrates was as rapid as that in China , but without a one - child policy , and it has had similar social benefits .
Maternal and infant mortality have fallen , and , despite repressive politics , the U.N. Human Development Index , using such measures as education and individual wealth , shows that the country is better off .
How would this translate to Afghanistan , which is far behind Iran in so many ways ?
From my experience , I know that teenage girls in Afghanistan want to be in school , despite the cultural obstacles .
And having seen firsthand Afghan women suffering from botched abortions , I am sure some , at least , want fewer children .
In addition , Westerners are training female health workers .
Private pharmacies often dispense drugs smuggled from neighboring countries .
It would be possible to introduce contraceptives , even in remote areas .
A stable , modern and functioning Afghanistan is the West ’s goal .
But it is not worth risking the death of one more American or British soldier fighting there unless there is a bold , achievable plan to educate women , enhance their autonomy and meet their need for family planning .
Advertisement
This feudal , fundamentalist , warrior society will never join the 21st century -- or even the 16th century -- unless we win the war to liberate women .
Unless women are given the freedom to choose whether or when to have a child , by 2050 there will be millions more angry men age 15 to 25 in Afghanistan .
If only a tiny percentage are potential insurgents or suicide bombers , no Western army , however large and however strongly backed at home , has the slightest chance of prevailing .
By PAMELA H. METAXAS
pmetaxas@repub.com
CHICOPEE - A proposed marijuana ordinance that expands a new state law permitting additional local fines for those smoking the narcotic in public has been endorsed in committee and is poised for a final vote on Tuesday .
Councilman - At - Large James K. Tillotson , chairman of the Ordinance Committee , said the only change in the final draft before the City Council on Tuesday will be to have a single proposed overall fine of $ 300 requested by Police Chief John R. Ferraro Jr. for each offense .
Previously , the committee was considering proposed fines of $ 100 for the first offense , $ 200 for the second offense and $ 300 for all subsequent violations .
" The second and final reading will be on Tuesday .
I 'm sure it 's going to pass .
The attorney general put out a model ( local ) ordinance " with Springfield , Chicopee , Ludlow and Belchertown already adopting it on the local level , said Tillotson .
" The chief asked for a $ 300 fine instead of having the three steps .
He felt it would be too difficult to enforce in the earlier fashion , " Tillotson said .
Ferraro has fully backed the proposal which was co-sponsored by Tillotson and Councilman - At - Large Robert J. Zygarowski .
The new state marijuana law took effect Jan. 2 after voters approved a ballot question that decriminalized possession of an ounce or less of marijuana .
The law replaced criminal penalties with a civil fine of $ 100 .
Under the proposed city ordinance , police would be able to issue an additional fine for anyone caught smoking in public .
Zygarowski , a retired 30 - year police officer and former 14 - year DARE officer , said " This is another tool for the police officers .
The chief and I discussed this a while ago .
I think this is a deterrent and it will hit those who are ticketed in the wallet .
I do n't want Chicopee to be the last community to do this .
I have seen the damage marijuana has done as a former police officer .
The ticket hurts and I think the proposed ordinance change is a good idea . "
" Many communities are addressing this and many chiefs are agreeing .
I certainly support this as a deterrent and to ensure the quality of life in Chicopee .
I do n't want people smoking marijuana in public places and parks where mothers and children are and having children inhaling it , " he said .
Ferraro has said it does n't make any sense if people can't drink alcohol in public , then why would n't the city have an ordinance prohibiting smoking marijuana in public .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Amazon.com made an aggressive move to grab market share in shoes and apparel on Wednesday , announcing a deal to buy online shoe retailer Zappos.com Inc for $ 927.9 million , mostly in stock .
Zappos.com is seen in a screengrab taken July 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Zappos.com
Amazon , the world ’s largest online retailer , should benefit from the fiercely loyal customer base at Zappos , which had about $ 1 billion of gross merchandise sales last year .
Zappos is known for its attentive customer service , free shipping and a free returns policy which inspires shoppers to gamble on shoes .
The company said Amazon will allow it to continue running its business as it always has .
Analysts applauded the deal .
Bernstein Research analyst Jeffrey Lindsay called it an “ outstanding acquisition . ”
But the move also signaled Amazon had fallen short in its online shoe site Endless.com , launched in 2007 .
“ This is , in some ways , Amazon throwing in the towel on footwear because they ’ve tried to compete with Zappos , ” said Forrester Research analyst Sucharita Mulpuru .
“ If you ca n’t beat them , buy them . ”
Amazon , which began as an online bookseller , has greatly expanded its range of offerings while also allowing third - party sellers to showcase their own items on its site .
That has allowed the company to post robust online sales in recent years , outpacing brick - and - mortar retailers , even as former online stalwarts like eBay Inc , have stumbled .
“ A big part of the reason why Amazon is interested in us is because they recognize the value of our culture , our people , and our brand , ” said Zappos Chief Executive Tony Hsieh in a letter on its blog .
“ Their desire is for us to continue to grow and develop our culture ( and perhaps even a little bit of our culture may rub off on them ) . ”
IRREVERENT SHOE SELLER
An irreverent company , Zappos ’ website calls its executives monkeys and Hsieh joked in his letter that the deal ’s headline should read “ Zappos and Amazon sitting in a tree ... , ” a reference to a nursery rhyme .
Zappos has put customers at ease buying shoes online because it guarantees free shipping on deliveries as well as returns .
It also places a big emphasis on service , saying its No. 1 core value is to deliver “ wow ” through service .
“ To WOW , you must differentiate yourself , which means doing something a little unconventional and innovative .
You must do something that ’s above and beyond what ’s expected , ” it states on its website .
Pacific Crest analyst Steve Weinstein said the deal allows Amazon to dominate a big new category .
“ It ( Endless.com ) certainly has n’t been as successful as Zappos , ” he said .
In shoes I think Zappos is clearly the brand in the mind of consumers . ”
The acquisition is slated to close this autumn , and Amazon said the Zappos management team will remain intact .
Zappos said it will be run as an independent entity and its brand will be separate from the Amazon brand .
“ We think that there is a huge opportunity for us to really accelerate the growth of the Zappos brand and culture , and we believe that Amazon is the best partner to help us get there faster , ” Hsieh said in his letter to employees .
Amazon said it will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Zappos and assume its outstanding options and warrants in exchange for approximately 10 million shares of Amazon common stock .
It will provide Zappos employees with $ 40 million of cash and restricted stock units .
Based on Amazon ’s closing price of $ 88.79 , the deal is valued at about $ 927.9 million .
The Zappos website says the company , founded in 1999 , has more than 1,300 employees and stocks more than 3 million shoes , handbags , clothing items and accessories from more than 1,136 brands .
Morgan Stanley , and Fenwick & West advised Zappos on the deal .
Lazard Ltd advised Amazon .
Awesome marimba rendition of Dragonforce ’s Through the Fire and Flames .
True band geeks can appreciate stuff like this .
Great job Stacey and Julie !
More videos of theirs past the break .
Classic Mario
Chrono Trigger
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Blog Archive December ( 1 ) September ( 1 ) June ( 4 ) May ( 6 ) April ( 1 ) March ( 3 ) February ( 3 ) January ( 5 ) December ( 3 ) November ( 8 ) October ( 3 ) September ( 2 ) August ( 7 ) July ( 7 ) June ( 10 ) May ( 7 ) April ( 19 ) March ( 11 ) February ( 15 ) January ( 6 ) December ( 10 ) November ( 6 ) October ( 19 ) September ( 19 ) August ( 9 ) July ( 30 ) June ( 15 ) May ( 15 ) April ( 11 ) March ( 10 ) February ( 10 ) January ( 18 ) December ( 13 ) November ( 7 ) October ( 32 ) September ( 46 ) August ( 35 ) July ( 29 ) June ( 8 ) May ( 4 ) April ( 8 ) March ( 3 ) November ( 2 ) October ( 2 ) September ( 1 ) August ( 11 ) July ( 17 ) June ( 16 ) May ( 6 ) April ( 9 ) March ( 5 ) February ( 15 ) January ( 9 ) December ( 12 ) November ( 9 ) October ( 8 ) September ( 4 ) August ( 15 ) July ( 9 ) June ( 7 ) May ( 10 ) April ( 13 ) March ( 22 ) February ( 14 ) January ( 14 ) December ( 12 ) November ( 4 ) October ( 4 ) September ( 11 ) August ( 13 ) July ( 16 ) June ( 6 ) May ( 9 ) April ( 10 ) March ( 9 ) February ( 2 ) January ( 11 ) December ( 6 ) November ( 11 ) October ( 9 ) September ( 9 ) August ( 12 ) July ( 2 ) June ( 6 ) May ( 7 ) April ( 5 ) March ( 13 ) February ( 11 ) January ( 3 ) December ( 2 ) November ( 1 ) October ( 2 ) September ( 2 ) August ( 1 ) July ( 3 ) June ( 4 ) May ( 1 ) April ( 3 ) March ( 3 ) February ( 3 ) January ( 3 ) December ( 3 ) October ( 2 ) September ( 2 ) June ( 3 ) May ( 2 ) April ( 4 ) March ( 14 ) February ( 2 ) January ( 2 ) December ( 3 ) November ( 1 ) October ( 4 ) September ( 4 ) June ( 4 ) May ( 2 ) April ( 4 ) March ( 7 ) February ( 1 ) January ( 1 ) December ( 3 ) September ( 5 ) August ( 5 ) July ( 22 ) June ( 11 ) May ( 1 ) April ( 2 ) March ( 8 ) February ( 3 ) January ( 1 ) November ( 4 ) October ( 1 ) September ( 9 ) August ( 2 ) July ( 2 ) June ( 6 ) May ( 10 ) March ( 3 ) February ( 1 ) January ( 3 ) December ( 1 ) November ( 2 ) October ( 1 ) August ( 1 ) July ( 1 ) May ( 1 ) April ( 1 ) February ( 1 ) November ( 1 )
We know that " foreign " food swept into these isles in the Elizabethan age of exploration .
Walter Raleigh and others who went forth brought back tomatoes from Mexico ( love apples as they were then called ) , sugar , spices like paprika and chilli , almonds and other exotic ingredients used for ever - more - thrilling , outrageous feasts for the rich .
In truth , many favourites thought to be quintessentially British – tea , potatoes – were brought in from elsewhere and naturalised .
As Rose Prince writes in her book , The New English Kitchen ( 2005 ) : " This is a country ... with a five - hundred - year - old history of food piracy , borrowing ideas from other shores , importing their raw materials and learning to cultivate them on our soils . "
Brits were suckers for wild and new tastes , continuing an irrepressible national characteristic .
Many an intrepid Empire builder went native in spite of a great deal of self - discipline and denial .
Surrounded in many of the colonies by spicy aromas and strong tastes , their palates would not accept the dull , grey neutrality of their homeland food .
Belief in racial superiority was a bulwark of sorts , but Brits abroad were homesick , often ill , depressed and feeling threatened by the hordes .
How hard they tried to stay loyal to Kraft cheese and tinned pilchards .
Sticky English puds and cakes kept their sweet appeal but in hot climes , plain pies , roasts and boiled - to - death vegetables tasted like undeserved punishment .
HP and LP sauces and tomato ketchup were sent for from the old land , but were no match for curry powder and tamarind .
The most committed purist settler in Kenya was soon eating groundnut sauce and local breads made with banana yeast and in India , spiced rice ( kedgeree ) and of course Anglicised curries .
Immigration to Britain carried on the British propensity for culinary adventure and expansiveness .
Europeans , Asians , Caribbeans , Africans , Jews , now Poles add their bit into the endlessly - changing national cuisine .
That story is told often enough .
However , much less known ( and acknowledged ) is the influence of old and new British cooking on colonial subjects and migrants to Britain .
Indians and Africans took to cooking trademark English dishes , adapting them with flair to make them more edible .
In Uganda , where I was born under the Union Jack , myths had grown around plucky little Blighty and its incredible power spread across the world .
My mother and her mates believed something potent in their food gave the rulers legendary strength and determination .
In the Fifties , the leader of our worldwide Shia sect , our Imam , issued an edict instructing parents to give their young children bland English grub as it was healthier than their traditional Asian African cooking .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They followed the order , yet subverted it , perhaps because they could n't bear the idea of force - feeding kids used to strong flavours .
In my recently - published food memoir , The Settler 's Cookbook , I describe the tricks .
They fed us fishcakes – only livened up with chilli – and turned English Shepherd 's pie , which we were taught in school , into a spiced delight .
" Now beti , wait till I make it , " said Jena , my mum , as she threw the pie into the bin .
" Next time .
This will be my Indian shepherd 's pie .
With bit of garam masala and magic we can repair this dish . "
HP and LP sauces went into meat marinades for barbeques on simple aluminium grills called sigris and exotic touches transformed sweets and cakes .
Lime and saffron were mixed into cakes ; cardamom and semolina were added to special shortbread , renamed nankatai , served to wedding guests .
Nestle 's Carnation milk and condensed milk were appropriated for an innovative array of puddings .
There is a lovely , sweet vermicelli in milk we make , with saffron and pistachios , which I am sure is based on rice pudding .
The same two - way traffic of ideas took place after post - war immigration .
Again only one side of the story is told , how we came , we saw , and led this austere , tasteless land to chicken tikka masala , the nation 's favourite dish and thereon to infinite variety .
Today
Thai food is served in the most English of pubs and even the nationalistic Gary Rhodes fails to cook within what he calls the true British repertoire .
But once again the influence goes the other way , too .
Migrants past and present have picked up native eating habits , good and bad .
Did you know that during Ramadan , one of the favourite the pre-dawn breakfasts these days is an " English " with halal beef sausages , beef bacon , chilli baked beans and cheap white bread or parathas ?
Just this month , our mosque leaders , echoing our old Imam , have set up a website to warn people of the health hazards of an over - rich and fatty diets with suggestions on using British methods – baking , roasting and steaming – to make modern Asian food .
Quite right , too .
Diabetes and heart disease afflict a disproportionate number of black and Asian Britons and we need to learn to eat better from those Britons who eat and cook with care and knowledge .
Jena bought herself a casserole dish in the Seventies and invented a wonderful , totally fat - free lamb curry which is slow cooked in the oven .
Masala fish and potatoes , which used to be fried deep in oil , are now roasted and English vegetables such as broccoli and Brussels sprouts are used for delectable , nouveau Indian vegetarian dishes .
As Asian women get more conscious of body image ( a terrible western anxiety we have picked up ) we are getting the recipe books to help those on perpetual diets , books such as Indian Cooking Without Fat by Mridula Baljekar ( Metro , 2000 ) .
Conversely , never before has so much fresh cream been consumed by Asians – we add it to everything from coffee to sweetmeats .
Increasingly popular too is new wave Asian microwave cooking .
Some of my Asian friends now use only olive oil and one recently told me she marinades halibut in pesto mixed with turmeric , crushed green chillies , olive oil , lime juice and sugar , and grills it – her version of " green fish " back home , which was marinaded in coriander and chillies , dipped in batter and deep fried .
Trade is never one way .
If we transformed Britannia , she too transfigured our way of thinking about food and we have both gained from the exchange .
Jena 's Shepherd's Pie
Filling
1lb very lean mince
Salt
¾ tsp crushed ginger
¾ tsp crushed garlic
¾ tsp garam masala
6 spring onions
1 bunch fresh coriander
2 green chillies
1 small lime
¾ tsp mint sauce
5 chopped tomatoes
Mash
8 medium - sized potatoes
50 gm butter
¼ tsp crushed garlic
2 tbsp milk
Salt to taste
¾ tsp paprika powder
Peel and halve potatoes and put them to boil in salty water .
Using a non -stick frying pan , dry - fry the mince with salt , ginger and garlic .
Add garam masala and cook for two more minutes until dry and aromatic .
Cool .
Stir in finely chopped onions , coriander , green chillies , lime juice as well as the mint sauce .
Transfer into a pie dish and layer tomatoes over the top .
Melt 40 grams of butter and add garlic , frying over gentle heat for a minute .
Mash potatoes with this butter - and - garlic mixture and all the other mash ingredients .
Spread over the meat and tomato mixture .
Melt the rest of the butter and brush over the top .
Bake for twenty - five minutes in the oven at medium temperature ( 180C / gas mark 4 / 350 F ) until nicely brown at the top .
Lamb curry in the oven
Ingredients
2lb leg of lamb cut into small bits – buy this with the top fat taken off .
500 gm full - fat yoghurt
2 cans chopped tomatoes
5 tbsp fried onions – you can buy these in Asian food stores , brown and crisp .
If you can't get them , fry 2 finely sliced onions in sunflower oil until brown , than drain on kitchen paper
2 tsp crushed ginger , garlic and chilli mix or just ginger and garlic mix ( you can use chilli powder to taste instead )
1 tbsp cumin / coriander powder mix
2 tsp turmeric
1 mug water
1 tbsp garam masala
Preheat the oven to 200F .
Put all the ingredients into a solid covered pot that can go into the oven .
Cook in oven for 45 minutes .
Take out , stir , check how the meat is cooking .
Add salt to taste and the garam masala .
Return to cook for another 30 minutes .
Check again – if too thick add a cup of water .
The meat should be melting soft .
Cook until it is .
Sprinkle with coriander and serve with vegetable rice or fresh baguettes .
Microwave date halva
( Our people are getting worried about sugar and fat , and this a " healthy " sweetmeat , made in England . )
Ingredients , serves 6
1lb dried , stoned dates ( not the block )
pt whipping cream
Peeled unsalted cashews or pistachios
Dessicated coconut to taste
In a glass bowl combine dates with the cream and cover , then zap the mixture for five minutes .
Stir and zap again for three minutes .
Do this twice more .
Add the nuts and zap for three more minutes .
Press into a greased tray , cover and freeze for three hours .
Defrost and cut into diamond shapes .
Sprinkle with desiccated coconut .
Store in a sealed box in the fridge .
Nankatai
This is the " shortcake " served with tea after wedding ceremonies .
Ingredients
4oz caster sugar
6 oz melted butter
1 very large egg
1 tsp vanilla extract
7 oz plain flour
2 oz semolina
1 tsp baking powder
tsp cardamom powder
Some strands of best saffron infused in a small amount of hot water
Beat the sugar into the melted butter then add the egg and vanilla .
Beat in the flour , semolina , baking powder and cardamom then , using your hands , knead the dough .
It should be soft but not sticky .
Grease a flat baking tray .
Break off small pieces and roll into a ball .
Flatten the top , then indent it with a finger like a dimple Place them on the tray , not too close together .
Now colour the indentation with the saffron water , an orange spot in the middle , like a tikka on a married Hindu woman 's forehead ( I am sure that is what inspired this strange ritual ) .
Bake at a medium temperature 180C / Gas Mark 4/350 F until they are still pale but cooked , the colour of shortbread .
It took less than one year for Sarah Palin to go from being the Governor of Alaska , to VP candidate for the GOP , to civilian .
She knows how to whip a crowd of bigots into a frenzy , she knows how to be folksy , but apparently , even Fox News fans do n't think she 's fit to hold political office .
They chose for her instead , the job of homemaker : ( warning : link goes to Fox News )
About a third of Americans think the best job for Palin is homemaker ( 32 percent ) , while nearly one in five see her as a television talk show host ( 17 percent ) .
Vice president of the United States comes in third ( 14 percent ) , followed closely by college professor ( 10 percent ) , with president coming last ( 6 percent ) .
College professor ?
I 'm not touching that one .
It 's widely known that Palin is testing the talk radio waters , but so far she 's not having much luck .
Radio giant Clear Channel has already passed , saying she 's not capable of sustaining a full three hour show .
I 'm sure she could easily talk for three hours , but man , I 'd need a barrel full of painkillers to make it through .
Blue Gal chimes in : Assuming that Sarah Palin 's proper job is " homemaker " may appear sexist , but the question itself was sexist .
Looking at the raw data for the poll ( warning , also a FOX link , but essential in determining how the questions were slanted ) the ONLY choices given to respondents were those listed above : President , VP , talk show host , college professor , and homemaker .
Democratic respondents clearly thought the question was a joke when 45 % of them said " homemaker , " in other words , " stay home , Sarah . "
I 'd like to know why 10 % of Republican respondents admitted they " do n't know " what job would be best for her : comin ' up empty , Mister Steele ?
I 've always said , quite sincerely , that Sarah Palin would be a huge success on the Crystal Cathedral / Focus on the Family mega - church lecture circuit .
Scan through our site and you ’ll find details on famous guitarists , bands they played in and concert clips from YouTube .
We showcase soloists and guitar bands from the sixties on up through the decades to today ’s music .
We look at the history of guitars since the electric guitar was invented , and report on its evolution .
Guitars have come a long way since they underwent “ shock therapy ” and we are here to cover how the music evolved along with the instrument .
And while you are here join our guitar player magazine by adding your name and email in the form on the right .
The Pineapple Thief – Alone at Sea
Guitar Music Lives On
We enjoy the now , anticipate the future and respect guitar musicians of the past .
We share our passion for guitars with you by revealing rare insights and secrets of famous guitarists here on our site .
There ’s a growing body of work here about the history of guitars and what ’s happening in the industry today .
You will also want to check out our “ Legends Tab ” in the menu above for insights and historical facts about some of the greatest guitar players of all time and subscribe to our guitarist magazine for the inside scoop .
We ’ve also added a “ Concerts Tab ” where you will find high quality kick - ass concerts .
Read through some of our personal memories of hearing a new song on the radio for the first time or grooving to some rad tunes at a house party .
Some of the most amazing musicians of all time came to life on the radio once the electric guitar became popular , and they had the power to blaze a trail in our minds , leaving permanent memory bytes to experience like a flashback when you hear “ that song ” years later .
MixCloud Soundbite – A Progressive Rock / Metal Mix
Back in The Day
Attitudes on social issues were changing back in the 50’s and 60’s , and guitar music played a small hand in that change by influencing the younger generation .
The music was new , exciting and a form of rebellion .
Music can tie a person to a time and place , depending on circumstances the first time you hear a new song .
It leaves an emotional imprint of sorts .
Our love affair with cars in the 50’s and beyond was tied to music because we loved to cruise with the radio on and that made those moments memorable .
Society was changing back then and we were a part of that change .
If you want to stay in touch scroll up the page a little and join our guitar world magazine .
A Common Musical Thread
Good guitar players are a dime a dozen , but exceptional guitarists focus every spare moment on playing .
Their reason for living , their identity , is all about living and breathing guitar and working on their skills .
If you look closely at legendary players you will see that common thread .
Information About
Electric
Acoustic
Bass
Apple released another update to Leopard this afternoon , bringing the current version up to Mac OS X 10.5.8 .
The update comes chock full of improvements to various parts of the OS as well as security fixes , and is available as a 165 MB download via Software Update .
The support doc attached to the 10.5.8 release says that it upgrades Safari to version 4.0.2 and improves the accuracy of full history search within the browser .
It also fixes a problem where some screen resolutions were n't showing up in the Display pane of System prefs , improves " overall Bluetooth reliability , " and addresses a mysterious , unnamed issue that " could cause extended startup times . "
Additionally , iCal reliability with MobileMe Sync and CalDev has been improved as well as AFP and Managed Client reliability , to name a few .
10.5.8 also comes with a handful of security fixes that , as of this writing , have yet to be posted to Apple 's security site .
They were , however , detailed on Apple 's security listserv ; some of the highlights include four ImageIO fixes for maliciously crafted OpenEXR images , EXIF data , and PNG images .
Another interesting fix is related to the Dock that now blocks someone with physical access to the machine from using four - finger multi- touch gestures while the computer is in locked screen saver mode .
MobileMe logouts also got some love — someone with a local user account can no longer access various parts of your MobileMe account after you have logged out .
The update is n't much of a surprise , as Apple has been seeding builds of 10.5.8 to developers for several months now .
The next question is how much higher Leopard 's version numbers will go as we continue to race towards the 10.6 Snow Leopard release this fall .
Update : For you Tiger users out there , the security updates are available for you via Software Update as well .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
This is an annotated transcript of President Obama 's Cairo speech , with analysis of key passages by BBC world affairs correspondent Paul Reynolds .
I am honoured to be in the timeless city of Cairo , and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions .
For over a thousand years , Al - Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning , and for over a century , Cairo University has been a source of Egypt 's advancement .
Together , you represent the harmony between tradition and progress .
I am grateful for your hospitality , and the hospitality of the people of Egypt .
I am also proud to carry with me the goodwill of the American people , and a greeting of peace from Muslim communities in my country : assalaamu alaykum .
( Applause . )
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " President Obama 's speech is divided into a number of sections .
He starts by urging greater mutual understanding between the United States and Islam .
He then considers seven issues that have to be , in his view , confronted .
" These are violent extremism , the Israeli / Palestinian dispute , nuclear weapons ( with a reference to Iran ) , democracy , religious freedom , rights of women and economic development .
He finishes with a flourish about the future . "
We meet at a time of great tension between the United States and Muslims around the world - tension rooted in historical forces that go beyond any current policy debate .
The relationship between Islam and the West includes centuries of co-existence and co-operation , but also conflict and religious wars .
More recently , tension has been fed by colonialism that denied rights and opportunities to many Muslims , and a Cold War in which Muslim - majority countries were too often treated as proxies without regard to their own aspirations .
Moreover , the sweeping change brought by modernity and globalisation led many Muslims to view the West as hostile to the traditions of Islam .
Violent extremists have exploited these tensions in a small but potent minority of Muslims .
The attacks of 11 September 2001 and the continued efforts of these extremists to engage in violence against civilians has led some in my country to view Islam as inevitably hostile not only to America and Western countries , but also to human rights .
All this has bred more fear and more mistrust .
The words used most frequently by Barack Obama in his Cairo speech
Enlarge Image
So long as our relationship is defined by our differences , we will empower those who sow hatred rather than peace , those who promote conflict rather than the co-operation that can help all of our people achieve justice and prosperity .
This cycle of suspicion and discord must end .
I have come here to Cairo to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world ; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect ; and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition .
Instead , they overlap , and share common principles - principles of justice and progress ; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings .
I do so recognising that change cannot happen overnight .
I know there has been a lot of publicity about this speech , but no single speech can eradicate years of mistrust , nor can I answer in the time that I have all the complex questions that brought us to this point .
But I am convinced that in order to move forward , we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts , and that too often are said only behind closed doors .
There must be a sustained effort to listen to each other ; to learn from each other ; to respect one another ; and to seek common ground .
As the Holy Koran tells us : " Be conscious of God and speak always the truth . " ( Applause . )
That is what I will try to do today - to speak the truth as best I can , humbled by the task before us , and firm in my belief that the interests we share as human beings are far more powerful than the forces that drive us apart .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " The key phrase here and of the whole speech is a new beginning , with mutual interest and mutual trust added for good effect .
In this opening section , the president seeks the common ground - he will leave differences until afterwards .
" He quotes from the Koran ( Be conscious of God and always speak the truth ) before he quotes from the Bible and the Torah as a way of flattering his audience .
" But he also uses the authority of the quotation to justify being quite blunt in places .
But first , this part is about creating a sense of shared experiences .
" Right at the top he refers to 9/11 and violent extremists ( no mention of al - Qaeda by name - that would accord it respect ) among a small but potent minority of Muslims .
He wants to break this cycle of suspicion .
Part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience .
I am a Christian , but my father came from a Kenyan family that includes generations of Muslims .
As a boy , I spent several years in Indonesia and heard the call of the azaan at the break of dawn and at the fall of dusk .
As a young man , I worked in Chicago communities where many found dignity and peace in their Muslim faith .
President Obama prepares to make his speech
As a student of history , I also know civilisation 's debt to Islam .
It was Islam - at places like Al - Azhar - that carried the light of learning through so many centuries , paving the way for Europe 's Renaissance and Enlightenment .
( Applause . )
It was innovation in Muslim communities that developed the order of algebra ; our magnetic compass and tools of navigation ; our mastery of pens and printing ; our understanding of how disease spreads and how it can be healed .
Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires ; timeless poetry and cherished music ; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation .
And throughout history , Islam has demonstrated through words and deeds the possibilities of religious tolerance and racial equality .
( Applause . )
I also know that Islam has always been a part of America 's story .
The first nation to recognise my country was Morocco .
In signing the Treaty of Tripoli in 1796 , our second President John Adams wrote : " The United States has in itself no character of enmity against the laws , religion or tranquility of Muslims . "
And since our founding , American Muslims have enriched the United States .
They have fought in our wars , served in government , they have stood for civil rights , they have started businesses , they have taught at our universities , they have excelled in our sports arenas , they have won Nobel Prizes , built our tallest building , and lit the Olympic torch .
And when the first Muslim - American was recently elected to Congress , he took the oath to defend our Constitution using the same Holy Koran that one of our Founding Fathers - Thomas Jefferson - kept in his personal library .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " The president 's own family connections to Islam stand him in good stead here as he tries to build rapport , but he is careful also to state that he is a Christian , having been subject to comments at home about his background .
He does not want that debate restarted .
" He emphasises the peaceful characteristics of Islam , with a romantic allusion to Muslims in Chicago finding dignity and peace in their Muslim faith .
He then reaches into history to recall the achievements of Islamic countries in the development of learning - navigation and algebra among them - and to tie Islam and America together by bringing in revered figures from early US history - John Adams and Thomas Jefferson .
But he carefully introduces the idea that Muslims also thrive in modern America - Muslims have enriched America - an important theme of the speech .
So I have known Islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first revealed .
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is , not what it is n't .
And I consider it part of my responsibility as president of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear .
( Applause . )
But that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America .
( Applause . )
Just as Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype , America is not the crude stereotype of a self - interested empire .
The United States has been one of the greatest sources of progress that the world has ever known .
We were born out of revolution against an empire .
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal , and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words - within our borders , and around the world .
We are shaped by every culture , drawn from every end of the Earth , and dedicated to a simple concept : E pluribus unum : " Out of many , one . "
Much has been made of the fact that an African - American with the name Barack Hussein Obama could be elected president .
( Applause . )
But my personal story is not so unique .
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in America , but its promise exists for all who come to our shores - and that includes nearly seven million American Muslims in our country today who , by the way , enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average .
( Applause . )
Moreover , freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practise one 's religion .
That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union , and over 1,200 mosques within our borders .
That is why the United States government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab , and to punish those who would deny it .
( Applause . )
So let there be no doubt : Islam is a part of America .
And I believe that America holds within her the truth that regardless of race , religion , or station in life , all of us share common aspirations - to live in peace and security ; to get an education and to work with dignity ; to love our families , our communities , and our God .
These things we share .
This is the hope of all humanity .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " Here he begins to get tougher , using the phrase negative stereotypes , with the important principle that while there should not be stereotyping of Muslims by Amercians Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype , nor should there be stereotyping of Americans by Muslims - America is not the crude stereotype of a self - interested empire .
" The speech is designed to break down negative perceptions on both sides .
And he notes that seven million Muslims in the US enjoy a higher than average standard of living .
" He points out that US government supports the right of Muslim women to wear the hijab .
He sums up Islam is a part of America .
Of course , recognising our common humanity is only the beginning of our task .
Words alone cannot meet the needs of our people .
These needs will be met only if we act boldly in the years ahead ; and if we understand that the challenges we face are shared , and our failure to meet them will hurt us all .
For we have learned from recent experience that when a financial system weakens in one country , prosperity is hurt everywhere .
When a new flu infects one human being , all are at risk .
When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon , the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations .
When violent extremists operate in one stretch of mountains , people are endangered across an ocean .
When innocents in Bosnia and Darfur are slaughtered , that is a stain on our collective conscience .
( Applause . )
That is what it means to share this world in the 21st Century .
That is the responsibility we have to one another as human beings .
This is a difficult responsibility to embrace .
For human history has often been a record of nations and tribes - and yes , religions - subjugating one another to serve their own interests .
Yet in this new age , such attitudes are self - defeating .
Given our interdependence , any world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail .
So whatever we think of the past , we must not be prisoners to it .
Our problems must be dealt with through partnership ; progress must be shared .
( Applause . )
Now , that does not mean we should ignore sources of tension .
Indeed , it suggests the opposite : we must face these tensions squarely .
And so in that spirit , let me speak as clearly and as plainly as I can about some specific issues that I believe we must finally confront together .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " Now he begins to get tough .
Having created goodwill and stated his aims , he tackles the first of the issues that we must finally confront together .
The first issue is violent extremism , by which he means Osama bin Laden , al - Qaeda , the Taliban and sympathisers .
He seeks to separate the extremists who claim to speak in Islam 's name from the ordinary people of all faiths , who reject the killing of innocent men , women and children .
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms .
In Ankara , I made clear that America is not - and never will be - at war with Islam .
( Applause . )
We will , however , relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security .
Because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject : the killing of innocent men , women , and children .
And it is my first duty as president to protect the American people .
The auditorium at Cairo University was packed The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America 's goals , and our need to work together .
Over seven years ago , the United States pursued al - Qaeda and the Taliban with broad international support .
We did not go by choice , we went because of necessity .
I am aware that there are still some who would question or justify the events of 9/11 .
But let us be clear : al - Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day .
The victims were innocent men , women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody .
And yet al - Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people , claimed credit for the attack , and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale .
They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach .
These are not opinions to be debated ; these are facts to be dealt with .
Make no mistake : we do not want to keep our troops in Afghanistan .
We seek no military bases there .
It is agonising for America to lose our young men and women .
It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict .
We would gladly bring every single one of our troops home if we could be confident that there were not violent extremists in Afghanistan and now Pakistan determined to kill as many Americans as they possibly can .
But that is not yet the case .
That 's why we 're partnering with a coalition of 46 countries .
And despite the costs involved , America 's commitment will not weaken .
Indeed , none of us should tolerate these extremists .
They have killed in many countries .
They have killed people of different faiths - but more than any other , they have killed Muslims .
Their actions are irreconcilable with the rights of human beings , the progress of nations , and with Islam .
The Holy Koran teaches that whoever kills an innocent , it is as if he has killed all mankind .
( Applause . )
And whoever saves a person , it is as if he has saved all mankind .
( Applause . )
The enduring faith of over a billion people is so much bigger than the narrow hatred of a few .
Islam is not part of the problem in combating violent extremism - it is an important part of promoting peace .
Now , we also know that military power alone is not going to solve the problems in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
That is why we plan to invest $ 1.5 bn each year over the next five years to partner with Pakistanis to build schools and hospitals , roads and businesses , and hundreds of millions to help those who have been displaced .
And that is why we are providing more than $ 2.8bn to help Afghans develop their economy and deliver services that people depend upon .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " Repeating his line from his earlier speech in Turkey - America is not and never will be at war with Islam - he tackles the problem of the war in Afghanistan , trying to explain why the US went in after 9/11 .
" He stresses al - Qaeda 's responsibility for 9/11 , thereby rejecting claims widely circulating in the Muslim world that it was the US government itself that carried out the attacks in some way :
Let us be clear : al - Qaeda killed 3,000 people on that day .
" He states that the US does not want to keep its troops in Afghanistan , offering a reassurance that there is no long - term plan of occupation .
But he also stresses that America 's commitment will not weaken .
He urges Muslims to reject extremists .
None of us should tolerate these extremists .
He is getting into the nitty gritty .
Let me also address the issue of Iraq .
Unlike Afghanistan , Iraq was a war of choice that provoked strong differences in my country and around the world .
Although I believe that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off without the tyranny of Saddam Hussein , I also believe that events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible .
( Applause . )
Indeed , we can recall the words of Thomas Jefferson , who said : " I hope that our wisdom will grow with our power , and teach us that the less we use our power the greater it will be . "
We will support a secure and united Iraq as a partner , and never as a patron
Today , America has a dual responsibility : to help Iraq forge a better future - and to leave Iraq to Iraqis .
( Applause . )
I have made it clear to the Iraqi people that we pursue no bases , and no claim on their territory or resources .
Iraq 's sovereignty is its own .
That is why I ordered the removal of our combat brigades by next August .
That is why we will honour our agreement with Iraq 's democratically - elected government to remove combat troops from Iraqi cities by July , and to remove all our troops from Iraq by 2012 .
( Applause . )
We will help Iraq train its security forces and develop its economy .
But we will support a secure and united Iraq as a partner , and never as a patron .
And finally , just as America can never tolerate violence by extremists , we must never alter or forget our principles .
9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country .
The fear and anger that it provoked was understandable , but in some cases , it led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideals .
We are taking concrete actions to change course .
I have unequivocally prohibited the use of torture by the United States , and I have ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed by early next year .
( Applause . )
So America will defend itself respectful of the sovereignty of nations and the rule of law .
And we will do so in partnership with Muslim communities which are also threatened .
The sooner the extremists are isolated and unwelcome in Muslim communities , the sooner we will all be safer .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " Iraq - a big issue .
He does not criticise his predecessor President Bush but does say that this was a war of choice ( meaning it was not his choice ) while trying to put a gloss on the results in that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off .
" He lays down his own foreign policy approach by contrast : diplomacy and international consensus .
This is really the heart of his philosophy on foreign affairs - a switch from interventionism to a more detached but determined effort at persuasion .
" He is careful to repeat his commitment to the withdrawal of US troops from Iraq .
The message is - whatever happened in the past might have been bad , but the future will be better .
" He reminds his audience that he is also closing Guantanamo Bay , which has done untold damage to the US reputation across the Muslim world .
" But that dual message - you must do your bit as well as us - is also there when he says that extremists should be isolated and unwelcome in Muslim communities .
The second major source of tension that we need to discuss is the situation between Israelis , Palestinians and the Arab world .
America 's strong bonds with Israel are well known .
This bond is unbreakable .
It is based upon cultural and historical ties , and the recognition that the aspiration for a Jewish homeland is rooted in a tragic history that can not be denied .
Around the world , the Jewish people were persecuted for centuries , and anti-Semitism in Europe culminated in an unprecedented Holocaust .
Tomorrow , I will visit Buchenwald , which was part of a network of camps where Jews were enslaved , tortured , shot and gassed to death by the Third Reich .
Six million Jews were killed - more than the entire Jewish population of Israel today .
Denying that fact is baseless , it is ignorant , and it is hateful .
Threatening Israel with destruction - or repeating vile stereotypes about Jews - is deeply wrong , and only serves to evoke in the minds of Israelis this most painful of memories while preventing the peace that the people of this region deserve .
On the other hand , it is also undeniable that the Palestinian people - Muslims and Christians - have suffered in pursuit of a homeland .
For more than 60 years they have endured the pain of dislocation .
Many wait in refugee camps in the West Bank , Gaza , and neighbouring lands for a life of peace and security that they have never been able to lead .
They endure the daily humiliations - large and small - that come with occupation .
So let there be no doubt : the situation for the Palestinian people is intolerable .
And America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity , opportunity , and a state of their own .
( Applause . )
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " Now comes one of the core issues - the Israeli / Palestinian dispute .
Remember that the President has previously signalled his intention to revive peace talks and that he has distanced himself from the Israeli settlement policy , calling for an absolute freeze .
First , however , he has to reaffirm US support for Israel .
He does not want expectations of differences to get out of hand :
This bond is unbreakable .
And in a passage designed to refute Holocaust deniers , of whom there are quite a few in the Muslim world , he dwells for a time on reasserting the truth : Six million Jews were killed denying that fact is baseless , ignorant and hateful .
It could hardly be stronger .
But he has to balance support for Israel by support for the Palestinians - and a Palestinian state .
He does this very clearly , emphasising how the Palestinian people have suffered in pursuit of a homeland and are under occupation with daily humiliations in a situation that is intolerable .
He says America will not turn its back on the Palestinians .
For decades then , there has been a stalemate : two peoples with legitimate aspirations , each with a painful history that makes compromise elusive .
It is easy to point fingers - for Palestinians to point to the displacement brought about by Israel 's founding , and for Israelis to point to the constant hostility and attacks throughout its history from within its borders as well as beyond .
But if we see this conflict only from one side or the other , then we will be blind to the truth : the only resolution is for the aspirations of both sides to be met through two states , where Israelis and Palestinians each live in peace and security .
( Applause . )
The audience interrupted the speech with frequent applause
That is in Israel 's interest , Palestine 's interest , America 's interest , and the world 's interest .
And that is why I intend to personally pursue this outcome with all the patience and dedication that the task requires .
The obligations that the parties have agreed to under the Road Map are clear .
For peace to come , it is time for them - and all of us - to live up to our responsibilities .
Palestinians must abandon violence .
Resistance through violence and killing is wrong and does not succeed .
For centuries , black people in America suffered the lash of the whip as slaves and the humiliation of segregation .
But it was not violence that won full and equal rights .
It was a peaceful and determined insistence upon the ideals at the centre of America 's founding .
This same story can be told by people from South Africa to South Asia ; from Eastern Europe to Indonesia .
It 's a story with a simple truth : violence is a dead end .
It is a sign of neither courage nor power to shoot rockets at sleeping children , or to blow up old women on a bus .
That is not how moral authority is claimed ; that is how it is surrendered .
Now is the time for Palestinians to focus on what they can build .
The Palestinian Authority must develop its capacity to govern , with institutions that serve the needs of its people .
Hamas does have support among some Palestinians , but they also have to recognise that they have responsibilities .
To play a role in fulfilling Palestinian aspirations , and to unify the Palestinian people , Hamas must put an end to violence , recognise past agreements , recognise Israel 's right to exist .
At the same time , Israelis must acknowledge that just as Israel 's right to exist cannot be denied , neither can Palestine's .
The United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements .
( Applause . )
This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace .
It is time for these settlements to stop .
( Applause . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
And Israel must also live up to its obligation to ensure that Palestinians can live , and work , and develop their society .
Just as it devastates Palestinian families , the continuing humanitarian crisis in Gaza does not serve Israel 's security ; neither does the continuing lack of opportunity in the West Bank .
Progress in the daily lives of the Palestinian people must be a critical part of a road to peace , and Israel must take concrete steps to enable such progress .
And finally , the Arab States must recognise that the Arab Peace Initiative was an important beginning , but not the end of their responsibilities .
The Arab - Israeli conflict should no longer be used to distract the people of Arab nations from other problems .
Instead , it must be a cause for action to help the Palestinian people develop the institutions that will sustain their state ; to recognise Israel 's legitimacy ; and to choose progress over a self - defeating focus on the past .
America will align our policies with those who pursue peace , and we will say in public what we say in private to Israelis and Palestinians and Arabs .
( Applause . )
We can not impose peace .
But privately , many Muslims recognize that Israel will not go away .
Likewise , many Israelis recognise the need for a Palestinian state .
It is time for us to act on what everyone knows to be true .
Too many tears have been shed .
Too much blood has been shed .
All of us have a responsibility to work for the day when the mothers of Israelis and Palestinians can see their children grow up without fear ; when the Holy Land of three great faiths is the place of peace that God intended it to be ; when Jerusalem is a secure and lasting home for Jews and Christians and Muslims , and a place for all of the children of Abraham to mingle peacefully together .
( Applause . )
As in the story of Isra , when Moses , Jesus , and Mohammed ( peace be upon them ) joined in prayer .
( Applause . )
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " Here he gets into the detail of how a settlement might be reached .
" It is not new - very little in the Middle East ' peace process ' is new .
The President seeks to reaffirm the two - state solution - a swipe at those on each side who reject this , or perhaps , like the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who are equivocal .
" The aspiration of both peoples must be met through two states , he says .
It is interesting how even - handed he is in his vision .
" He sticks by the currently little - read ' roadmap ' , an international plan drawn up but not followed up .
" Both sides have responsibilities - Palestinians must abandon violence and Israelis must acknowledge Palestine and its right to exist .
" He repeats his opposition to continued Israeli settlements and states firmly :
It is time for these settlements to stop .
He ends quite a long section by calling on Arab states to help and he finishes by making the expected reference in such speeches - calling for peace for all of the children of Abraham .
The third source of tension is our shared interest in the rights and responsibilities of nations on nuclear weapons .
This issue has been a source of tension between the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran .
For many years , Iran has defined itself in part by its opposition to my country , and there is in fact a tumultuous history between us .
In the middle of the Cold War , the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically - elected Iranian government .
Since the Islamic Revolution , Iran has played a role in acts of hostage - taking and violence against US troops and civilians .
This history is well known .
Rather than remain trapped in the past , I have made it clear to Iran 's leaders and people that my country is prepared to move forward .
The question , now , is not what Iran is against , but rather what future it wants to build .
It will be hard to overcome decades of mistrust , but we will proceed with courage , rectitude and resolve .
There will be many issues to discuss between our two countries , and we are willing to move forward without preconditions on the basis of mutual respect .
But it is clear to all concerned that when it comes to nuclear weapons , we have reached a decisive point .
This is not simply about America 's interests .
It is about preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East that could lead this region and the world down a hugely dangerous path .
I understand those who protest that some countries have weapons that others do not .
No single nation should pick and choose which nation holds nuclear weapons .
( Applause . )
That is why I strongly reaffirmed America 's commitment to seek a world in which no nations hold nuclear weapons .
And any nation - including Iran - should have the right to access peaceful nuclear power if it complies with its responsibilities under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
That commitment is at the core of the Treaty , and it must be kept for all who fully abide by it .
And I am hopeful that all countries in the region can share in this goal .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " In this section he deals with Iran and its nuclear activities .
" President Obama has already offered talks with Iran but has not heard back yet .
Here he continues to try to encourage Iran into such contacts and again promises that my country is prepared to move forward .
" He says that he is willing to move without preconditions .
He hints that he , like many Israelis , is afraid of Iran 's intentions , saying that this is about preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East .
Iran insists it has no ambitions to become a nuclear - armed state but wants nuclear power .
" What is interesting here is the absence of any threat against Iran - no mention of ' all options on the table ' ( meaning the military one ) or even a tightening of sanctions .
This is in line with the President 's policy of avoiding threats against Iran ( at least for the moment ) .
The fourth issue that I will address is democracy .
( Applause . )
I know there has been controversy about the promotion of democracy in recent years , and much of this controversy is connected to the war in Iraq .
So let me be clear : no system of government can or should be imposed upon one nation by any other .
That does not lessen my commitment , however , to governments that reflect the will of the people .
Each nation gives life to this principle in its own way , grounded in the traditions of its own people .
America does not presume to know what is best for everyone , just as we would not presume to pick the outcome of a peaceful election .
But I do have an unyielding belief that all people yearn for certain things : the ability to speak your mind and have a say in how you are governed ; confidence in the rule of law and the equal administration of justice ; government that is transparent and does n't steal from the people ; the freedom to live as you choose .
Those are not just American ideas , they are human rights , and that is why we will support them everywhere .
( Applause . )
Now , there is no straight line to realise this promise .
But this much is clear : governments that protect these rights are ultimately more stable , successful and secure .
Suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away .
America respects the right of all peaceful and law - abiding voices to be heard around the world , even if we disagree with them .
And we will welcome all elected , peaceful governments - provided they govern with respect for all their people .
This last point is important because there are some who advocate for democracy only when they are out of power ; once in power , they are ruthless in suppressing the rights of others .
( Applause . )
No matter where it takes hold , government of the people and by the people sets a single standard for all who hold power : you must maintain your power through consent , not coercion ; you must respect the rights of minorities , and participate with a spirit of tolerance and compromise ; you must place the interests of your people and the legitimate workings of the political process above your party .
Without these ingredients , elections alone do not make true democracy .
( Shout from audience . )
Thank you .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " Here he deals with the delicate issue of democracy and Islam .
Many Muslim countries are not full democracies .
President Bush was vigorous in promoting democracy as the solution to the Middle East 's problems ( even justifying the war in Iraq that way ) but President Obama is less forthright .
However he cannot ignore it .
" He carefully states up front , not wanting to offend friendly governments , that no system of government can or should be imposed upon one nation by any other .
" That said , he goes on to say that he favours those governments that reflect the will of the people .
" It is quite a short section , especially when compared to the whole speeches that George W Bush devoted to this .
Mr Obama basically contents himself with a reference ( unstated ) to Abraham Lincoln in the Gettysburg address - government of the people and by the people - though why has he left out Lincoln 's last phrase ' for the people ' ?
The fifth issue that we must address together is religious freedom .
Islam has a proud tradition of tolerance .
We see it in the history of Andalusia and Cordoba during the Inquisition .
I saw it first hand as a child in Indonesia , where devout Christians worshipped freely in an overwhelmingly Muslim country .
That is the spirit we need today .
People in every country should be free to choose and live their faith based upon the persuasion of the mind , and the heart , and the soul .
This tolerance is essential for religion to thrive , but it is being challenged in many different ways .
Among some Muslims , there is a disturbing tendency to measure one 's own faith by the rejection of somebody else 's .
The richness of religious diversity must be upheld - whether it is for Maronites in Lebanon or the Copts in Egypt . ( Applause . )
And if we are being honest fault lines must be closed among Muslims as well , as the divisions between Sunni and Shia have led to tragic violence , particularly in Iraq .
Freedom of religion is central to the ability of peoples to live together .
We must always examine the ways in which we protect it .
For instance , in the United States , rules on charitable giving have made it harder for Muslims to fulfil their religious obligation .
That is why I am committed to working with American Muslims to ensure that they can fulfil zakat .
Likewise , it is important for Western countries to avoid impeding Muslim citizens from practising religion as they see fit - for instance , by dictating what clothes a Muslim woman should wear .
We cannot disguise hostility towards any religion behind the pretence of liberalism .
Indeed , faith should bring us together .
That is why we are forging service projects in America that bring together Christians , Muslims , and Jews .
That is why we welcome efforts like Saudi Arabian King Abdullah 's Interfaith dialogue and Turkey 's leadership in the Alliance of Civilizations .
Around the world , we can turn dialogue into interfaith service , so bridges between peoples lead to action - whether it is combating malaria in Africa , or providing relief after a natural disaster .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " This section on religious freedom takes the audience back to thinking about Islam .
" He again praises Islam - Islam has a proud tradition of tolerance - but , again reaffirms his theme that there have to be improvements on both sides , he is also critical : Among some Muslims there is a disturbing tendency to measure one 's own faith by the rejection of another's .
" The introduction and main theme of the speech was about political tolerance .
This part is about religious tolerance and he again appeals to the sensitivities of his audience by urging Western countries not to impede Muslims in their worship - or their dress .
The sixth issue that I want to address is women 's rights .
( Applause . )
I know , and you can tell from this audience , that there is a healthy debate about this issue .
I reject the view of some in the West that a woman who chooses to cover her hair is somehow less equal , but I do believe that a woman who is denied an education is denied equality .
( Applause . )
And it is no coincidence that countries where women are well - educated are far more likely to be prosperous .
Now let me be clear : issues of women 's equality are by no means simply an issue for Islam .
In Turkey , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Indonesia , we have seen Muslim - majority countries elect a woman to lead .
Meanwhile , the struggle for women 's equality continues in many aspects of American life , and in countries around the world .
I am convinced that our daughters can contribute just as much to society as our sons .
( Applause . )
Our common prosperity will be advanced by allowing all humanity - men and women - to reach their full potential .
I do not believe that women must make the same choices as men in order to be equal , and I respect those women who choose to live their lives in traditional roles .
But it should be their choice .
That is why the United States will partner with any Muslim - majority country to support expanded literacy for girls , and to help young women pursue employment through micro-financing that helps people live their dreams .
( Applause . )
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " He devotes a section to women 's rights , which is as delicate an issue in some Muslim societies as references to democracy .
It is a short section but quite hard hitting .
" His basic point is that women should have the choice about whether to live their lives in traditional roles .
He is strong about the need for women 's education , a challenge to the Taliban .
He does not lecture , but he does state his views and there is a personal element perhaps when he says
Our daughters can contribute just as much to society as our sons .
As elsewhere in this speech , he is careful to balance a call for action by Muslims by a call to understanding in the West , which should not think , he says , that a woman who chooses to cover her hair is less equal .
Finally , I want to discuss economic development and opportunity .
I know that for many , the face of globalisation is contradictory .
The internet and television can bring knowledge and information , but also offensive sexuality and mindless violence into the home .
Trade can bring new wealth and opportunities , but also huge disruptions and change to communities .
In all nations - including America - this change can bring fear .
Fear that because of modernity we will lose of control over our economic choices , our politics , and most importantly our identities - those things we most cherish about our communities , our families , our traditions , and our faith .
All of us must recognise that education and innovation will be the currency of the 21st Century
But I also know that human progress cannot be denied .
There need not be contradictions between development and tradition .
Countries like Japan and South Korea grew their economies enormously while maintaining distinct cultures .
The same is true for the astonishing progress within Muslim - majority countries from Kuala Lumpur to Dubai .
In ancient times and in our times , Muslim communities have been at the forefront of innovation and education .
And this is important because no development strategy can be based only upon what comes out of the ground , nor can it be sustained while young people are out of work .
Many
Gulf states have enjoyed great wealth as a consequence of oil , and some are beginning to focus it on broader development .
But all of us must recognise that education and innovation will be the currency of the 21st Century .
( Applause . )
And in too many Muslim communities there remains underinvestment in these areas .
I am emphasising such investment within my own country .
And while America in the past has focused on oil and gas when it comes to this part of the world , we now seek a broader engagement .
On education , we will expand exchange programmes , and increase scholarships , like the one that brought my father to America .
( Applause . )
At the same time we will encourage more Americans to study in Muslim communities .
And we will match promising Muslim students with internships in America ; invest in online learning for teachers and children around the world ; and create a new online network , so a young person in Kansas can communicate instantly with a young person in Cairo .
On economic development , we will create a new corps of business volunteers to partner with counterparts in Muslim - majority countries .
And I will host a summit on entrepreneurship this year to identify how we can deepen ties between business leaders , foundations and social entrepreneurs in the United States and Muslim communities around the world .
On science and technology , we will launch a new fund to support technological development in Muslim - majority countries , and to help transfer ideas to the marketplace so they can create more jobs .
We will open centres of scientific excellence in Africa , the Middle East and South East Asia , and appoint new science envoys to collaborate on programmes that develop new sources of energy , create green jobs , digitise records , clean water , grow new crops .
Today I am announcing a new global effort with the Organization of the Islamic Conference to eradicate polio .
And we will also expand partnerships with Muslim communities to promote child and maternal health .
All these things must be done in partnership .
Americans are ready to join with citizens and governments ; community organisations , religious leaders , and businesses in Muslim communities around the world to help our people pursue a better life .
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says :
This is a feel - good section about economic co-operation and development .
It seeks to balance the heavy political messages with an affirmation that modernity can but does not have to lead to corruption .
Change can bring fear , he says .
But he adds , in a swipe at the regressive attitudes of some , that There need not be contradiction between development and tradition .
The issues that I have described will not be easy to address .
But we have a responsibility to join together on behalf of the world that we seek - a world where extremists no longer threaten our people , and American troops have come home ; a world where Israelis and Palestinians are each secure in a state of their own , and nuclear energy is used for peaceful purposes ; a world where governments serve their citizens , and the rights of all God 's children are respected .
Those are mutual interests .
That is the world we seek .
But we can only achieve it together .
I know there are many - Muslim and non-Muslim - who question whether we can forge this new beginning .
Some are eager to stoke the flames of division , and to stand in the way of progress .
Some suggest that it is n't worth the effort - that we are fated to disagree , and civilisations are doomed to clash .
Many more are simply sceptical that real change can occur .
There is so much fear , so much mistrust that has build up over the years .
But if we choose to be bound by the past , we will never move forward .
And I want to particularly say this to young people of every faith , in every country - you , more than anyone , have the ability to reimagine the world , to remake this world .
All of us share this world for but a brief moment in time .
The question is whether we spend that time focused on what pushes us apart , or whether we commit ourselves to an effort - a sustained effort - to find common ground , to focus on the future we seek for our children , and to respect the dignity of all human beings .
It is easier to start wars than to end them .
It is easier to blame others than to look inward ; to see what is different about someone than to find the things we share .
But we should choose the right path , not just the easy path .
There is also one rule that lies at the heart of every religion - that we do unto others as we would have them do unto us .
( Applause . )
This truth transcends nations and peoples - a belief that is n't new ; that is n't black or white or brown ; that is n't Christian , or Muslim or Jew .
It 's a belief that pulsed in the cradle of civilisation , and that still beats in the hearts of billions around the world .
It 's a faith in other people , and it's what brought me here today .
We have the power to make the world we seek , but only if we have the courage to make a new beginning , keeping in mind what has been written .
The Holy Koran tells us : " O mankind !
We have created you male and a female ; and we have made you into nations and tribes so that you may know one another . "
The Talmud tells us : " The whole of the Torah is for the purpose of promoting peace . "
The Holy Bible tells us : " Blessed are the peacemakers , for they shall be called sons of God . " ( Applause . )
Our analysis Paul Reynolds , BBC world affairs correspondent , says : " This is the final flourish .
President Obama lets rip a bit with his rhetoric - Choose the right path , not just the easy path .
He repeats this key phrase new beginning and echoes the references to the need for change that brought him to power :
We have the power to make the world we seek , but only if we have the courage to make a new beginning " He lays out what he hopes will be the results of his policies - " a world where extremists no longer threaten our people " and American troops have come home , where Israelis and Palestinians are each secure in a state of their own and where nuclear energy is used for peaceful purposes .
( This last phrase is a reference to Iran ) .
And he ends by quoting from the Koran , the Talmud and The Bible .
The people of the world can live together in peace .
We know that is God 's vision .
Now , that must be our work here on Earth .
Thank you .
And may God 's peace be upon you .
( Applause . )
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
References to applause , from the audience in Cairo , inserted by the BBC .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I bought a Moleskine notebook a long time ago , and for a while it got zero use .
My productivity system is totally digital and Web - based , as is my personal journal .
I bought the Moleskine because it looked awesome , and because so many other people found it useful .
The Moleskine , though , made its way into my pocket or backpack all the time , because of one simple use I found for it : a list manager .
Not a list of things to do , or people to call – different lists .
The Moleskine is my perfect list - manager , and that ’s all I use it for .
That said , I ’ve also discovered how useful it is to keep a small number of lists both updated and handy at all times , for a whole variety of uses .
Here are nine lists that can be enormously helpful to all of us , if kept both current and accessible .
Keep them wherever you like ( for me , a Moleskine ) , but make sure you keep them .
Advertising
“ Things I Want ”
Every year , people I know ask me what I want for my birthday , or for Christmas , or just because they love giving me gifts ( that last would would be nice , huh ? ) .
Usually , I have no idea what to tell them .
That ’s why I ’ve started keeping a list of things I want – every time I hear about or come across something I ’d like to have , no matter how big or small , it goes on my list .
If I get it , or do n’t want it anymore , it goes away .
It ’s simple , but having this list gives me a running tally of stuff I actually want , so I ’m not just telling my family and friends “ anything ’s great , seriously … ” and then pretending to like what I get .
“ Gift Ideas ”
This one ’s on the opposite side of gift - giving .
If I think of something that would be a great gift for a person I might some day buy a gift , I write down something like “ Mom – Rollerblades . ”
That way , when my Mom ’s birthday comes up and I realize I have n’t been paying attention for a whole year , I ’ve got some backup ideas .
This one , more than all the other lists here , has come in handy over and over in my life .
“ Got a Minute ? ”
We all have things that we ’d like to do , but that are n’t required of us and that have no consequences whether we do them or not .
I keep those things in my “ Got a Minute ? ” list .
If I have some free time with absolutely nothing to do , I ’ll take a stab at something on my list .
If they do n’t get done , it ’s not a big deal – it ’s full of things I ’d like to do when there ’s nothing better or more important to do .
Advertising
“ Watch , Read , Listen ”
Another critical one for me , as a music and movie junkie .
If a movie gets suggested to me , or I ’m told I absolutely have to hear a particular band , they go on the list .
If I have some time , I ’ll go through the bands and see if there ’s anything good .
If I ’m in need of another book , I try to pull one from my list rather than just reading whatever ’s nearby .
These lists are populated by friends , blogs , and any other source you can think of , and they ’ve provided me with a ton of great movies , music , and books .
BHAGs
BHAGs , or Big Hairy Audacious Goals , are an important thing for anyone to keep updated .
These are goals that are way beyond what you think is possible , and are things you ’re constantly keeping in mind with every decision or choice you make .
For most , these goals are career - based , but they do n’t have to be .
What do you want to do , or be , or accomplish ?
Keeping this list handy will help keep you centered and focused in all things you do .
Bucket List
We ’ve all heard of bucket lists before – lists of things to do before you die .
These might overlap with the BHAGs list , but not necessarily .
For instance , “ spend a night in jail ” is proudly on my bucket list , but I would n’t exactly call that a goal .
Keep a list of things you want to do – need to do before you die , both to help you get them done and to help you figure out what ’s important .
If “ go to New Zealand ” is on your bucket list , it ’s worth saving for rather than taking a less - awesome trip somewhere else .
“ Do n’t Forget ”
This is a list for random , momentary stuff that you need to remember – but not remember forever .
Things like “ new guy at work is Jim ” or “ mail taxes ” go on this list – review it periodically ( I check mine every morning ) and get rid of whatever is done or that you actually know .
Hopefully , after a week , you ’ll remember Jim ’s name , and not need it on the list anymore .
Advertising
Great Ideas
Have a great idea for a business ?
Thought of a brilliant invention ?
Write it down .
Maybe you wo n’t do anything with it , maybe you will – either way , having a list of your best ideas is a great way to both stimulate more great ideas , and to give you something to impress the boss with the next time he needs someone with great ideas .
Grocery List
Obvious though it may sound , too many people still do n’t keep a grocery list .
Or , like me , they keep one and then leave it at home .
The usefulness of an always - available and always - updated grocery list is twofold : one , it gives you a place to put “ Orange Juice ” when you run out of Orange Juice , thus keeping you from either not having it , or buying altogether too much because you could n’t remember how much you have at home .
Two , it prevents you from buying things on impulse , or because you ’re hungry – grocery shopping while hungry is dangerous .
Keep a list , buy only the things on the list , and odds are you ’ll eat both healthier and cheaper .
I ’m a listing fanatic , keeping lists that far outnumber just the ones above .
But those nine are the ones that have proven critical to saving me money , keeping me fresh with good ideas , and always knowing what to do or spend my money on in relation to what I want to be and do .
Advertising
What are your indispensable lists ?
Photo : retro traveler
Featured photo credit : elias filis via flickr.com
The problem of void calls , or null pointer dereferencing , plagues programs written in any language using pointers or references with a " null " or " void " value .
Tony
Hoare recently described it as his " one- billion dollar mistake " .
The problem is very simple to state : in the typical object - oriented call
x.f ( args )
x , a reference , should normally denote an object but can be void , in which case the call will fail and produce an exception , often leading to a crash .
This is one of the main sources of instability in today 's software .
The void - safety mechanism of Eiffel , as defined in the ISO / ECMA standard ( 2006 ) , is now fully implemented in EiffelStudio and guarantees the absence of void calls .
With version 6.4 , beyond the mechanism itself , all libraries have been updated to be void safe .
With Alexander Kogtenkov and Emmanuel Stapf
I wrote an article describing not only the principles but also the delicate engineering issues that we have encountered and tried to address in making Eiffel void - safe .
An abstract , and a link to the PDF of the article , can be found at http://bertrandmeyer.com/tag/void-safety/.
Weather Specific Backgrounds on Ubuntu with Apache , PHP , Cron and Weather.com
It has long been a goal of mine to create a system for my laptop which allows my background to mimic the weather where I live ( Durham , NC ) .
When it is raining outside , I want a background of rain .
When it is sunny , the sun .
So , here is a basic step - by - step guide I used to cobble this together .
1. Install Apache on Ubuntu .
* JTirrell below makes a good point for those who do n’t already need Apache : “ Why install apache at all ?
php5 - cli and just run the php file like a script . ”
Open up a terminal and type in the following , being sure to use your password after entering in the command .
Afterwards , you should now be able to open up http://localhost/ in your browser .
sudo apt - get install apache2
2. Install PHP
Open up a terminal and type in the following , being sure to use your password after entering in the command .
You will now have PHP installed with your Apache build .
sudo apt - get install php5 libapache2 - mod- php5
3. Create Directory /var/www/backgrounds
This is the directory which will store your backgrounds and the code necessary to generate the background .
4. CHMOD 666 Directory /var/www/backgrounds
This is necessary so that your system can write the background. jpg file whenever the weather status updates .
5 . Create the file / var/www/ backgrounds/maker.php with the following code
This is the PHP file that grabs the current weather based on your zip code , grabs the relevant background image and overwrites background . jpg with it .
6. Switch your Zip Code with Yours and Save
Make sure you switch the zip code unless you want your background to only mimic the weather in Durham , NC 🙂
7. Create Backgrounds to Match The Common Weather.com Statuses
… and Save Them to the / var / www / backgrounds folder .
Make sure that you …
Resize them to your resolution
Save them with the Exact , Case Sensitive name of the status ( like “ Partly Cloudy.jpg ” )
Some examples are below .
8. Set Background to /var/www/background.jpg in Ubuntu
This is the background image that gets regenerated every 5 minutes based on the status at Weather.com for your zip code .
9. Set Cron Job to Run maker .
php Every 5 Minutes
5 * * * * wget -rvc http://localhost/backgrounds/maker.php
> /dev/null
Thats it !
Whenever you have an internet connection and your Cron job is running , you will have a background that mimics the current weather !
No tags for this post .
Advertisements
Republicans love to talk about what they see as liberal bias on CNN , but today on the program Your Money , the network showed a flow chart which came straight from Republican Party , and had Rep. Kevin Brady ( R - TX ) on to explain it , completely unopposed and unquestioned .
Uh CNN , your bias is showing .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
This flow chart has been played up heavily by conservative media .
It has been all over The Drudge Report , Fox News , and CNBC’s The Kudlow Report , but CNN is supposed to be “ the most trusted name in news . ”
CNN always looks down on MSNBC and FNC for their obvious partisanship , but today ’s passed a segment that was nothing more than an old Republican talking point off as unchallenged fact .
As USA Today ’s On Politics blog pointed out the healthcare flowchart is an old Republican trick , “ Images are powerful and , in Washington , so are flowcharts .
It was a flowchart unveiled on the Senate floor in 1994 that many believe helped turn the tide against the Clinton administration ’s effort to overhaul health care .
That chart , produced by none other than Pennsylvania Sen.
Arlen Specter ( then a Republican , now a Democrat ) showed a complicated maze of government and medical programs patients would have to navigate . ”
The flow chart is meant to scare people by making the reformed healthcare system look as frightening and complicated as possible .
I would expect the conservative media outlets to report this chart as unquestioned fact , but CNN should know better .
Why was n’t a Democrat also on with Brady to talk about the flow chart ?
Why did CNN only discuss one point of view ?
It is bad enough that MSNBC and Fox News have become one sided networks , but at least they wear their biases on their sleeves .
This kind of bias is something that CNN claims to try to avoid , but apparently all it took to convince them to spread fear was a colorful flow chart that looks good on television .
I guess facts are unnecessary , when you have good graphics .
Emacs : Unicode Tutorial
emacs showing Unicode chars .
You can download this text here : unicode.txt .
Set default file encoding
Put this in your emacs init file : ( set-language - environment " UTF - 8 " ) ( set-default - coding - systems 'utf - 8 )
To find possible valid values , type Alt + x set - language - environment , then press Tab to show all possible valid values .
Press Ctrl + g to cancel .
Then ,
Alt + x switch - to - buffer to “ * Completions * ” .
Alt + x list - coding - systems to see possible valid values .
See also : Emacs File Encoding FAQ
Unicode Basics
Set a key to insert unicode char
For example , put the following code in your emacs init file .
( define - key key - translation - map ( kbd " < f9 > p " ) ( kbd " φ " ) ) ( define - key key - translation - map ( kbd " < f9 > x " ) ( kbd " ξ " ) ) ( define - key key - translation - map ( kbd " < f9 > i " ) ( kbd " ∞ " ) ) ( define - key key - translation - map ( kbd " < f9 > < right > " ) ( kbd " → " ) )
For detail , see : Emacs : Remapping Keys Using key - translation - map .
For OS - wide , see : How to Create a APL or Math Symbols Keyboard Layout .
For lists of math symbols and Unicode search , see Unicode Search 😄
Use abbrev to insert Unicode char
Put the following in your emacs init file : ( define - abbrev- table ' global - abbrev- table '( ( " alpha " " α " ) ( " inf " " ∞ " ) ( " ar " " → " ) ) ) ( abbrev- mode 1 ) Select the code above and Alt + x eval - region .
[ see Evaluate Emacs Lisp Code ]
Now , type ar , it will become → .
For detail , see : Emacs : Abbrev Mode by Commands .
If you type math symbols often , use Emacs : Xah Math Input Mode .
Insert letter with accent marks é é → Ctrl + x 8 ' e
+ à → Ctrl + x 8 ` a
+ î → Ctrl + x 8 ^ i
+ ñ → Ctrl + x 8 ~ n
+ ü → Ctrl + x 8 " u
To see all characters you can type this way , press Ctrl + x 8 Ctrl + h .
Example : ¿ ¡ ¢ £ ¥ ¤ § ¶ ® © ª « » × ÷ ¬ ° ± µ ÀÁÂÃÄÅÆ Ç ÈÉÊË ÌÍÎÏ ÐÑ ÒÓÔÕÖ ØÙÚÛÜÝÞß àáâãäåæç èéêë ìíîï ðñòóôõö øùúûüýþÿ .
If you need to type these chars often , Alt + x set - input - method then type “ latin - 9 - prefix ” .
That will allow you to type these chars without typing Ctrl + x 8 first .
( Emacs 's “ latin - 9 - prefix ” corresponds to the char set ISO 8859 - 9 )
Insert a Unicode character by name Alt + x insert- char 【 Ctrl + x 8 Enter 】 , then the name of the Unicode .
For example , try insert → .
Its name is “ RIGHTWARDS ARROW ” .
You can use asterisk * to match chars .
For example , Alt + x insert - char , then type * arrow then Tab , then emacs will show all chars with “ arrow ” in their names .
Note : insert - char was ucs-insert in emacs 24.3 or before .
Insert a Unicode character by its hexadecimal value Alt + x insert- char 【 Ctrl + x 8 Enter 】 , then the hex of the Unicode .
For example , try insert → .
Its hex value is “ 2192 ” .
Insert a Unicode character by its decimal value Alt + x insert- char 【 Ctrl + x 8
Enter 】 , then type “ # 10r ” followed by the decimal codepoint .
e.g. # 10r8594
For example , try insert → .
Its coidpoint in decimal is “ 8594 ” .
A more convenient way is to install Emacs : Xah Math Input Mode .
Type Chinese Alt + x set - input - method , then give value chinese - py . ( “ chinese- py ” is a basic Chinese pinyin input method . )
To switch back to normal input , Alt + x toggle - input - method 【 Ctrl + \ 】.
For detail , see : Emacs Chinese Input .
Find out current input method
Alt + x describe - variable 【 Ctrl + h v 】 then type current - input - method .
Find a character 's hex value or name Place cursor on the character then call describe - char .
M-x describe - char
For a mode to make this easier , see xub Unicode Browser mode for Emacs .
Update emacs unicode data database Unicode has a new version every year .
Emacs 's unicode info for describe - char may not be up - to - date .
( it does n't know the new character ) .
You can make emacs use the latest unicode data .
Download the latest UnicodeData.txt at https://www.unicode.org/Public/UCD/latest/ucd/UnicodeData.txt
Put that file in your emacs init dir .
Put this in your emacs init file : ( when ( file - exists - p " ~/.emacs.d/UnicodeData.txt " ) ( setq describe - char- unicodedata - file " ~/.emacs.d/UnicodeData.txt " ) )
Get emacs to display missing emoji 😸
See : Emacs : Font Setup .
Unicode Characters Search
Unicode Search 😄
NARRATOR ( JOHN SHRAPNEL ) :
It is one of humanity 's epic journeys .
Thousands of years ago people first came out of the wild and formed civilisation .
They would build huge monuments , like the pyramids and all the great cities of the Ancient World , but why did they do it ?
What forces gave birth to civilisation ?
For years archaeologists have been trying to get back to when it all began to find the answer and now at last it seems they may have done it , for they are now exploring a lost city of pyramids in Peru .
It is nearly five thousand years old and the story it tells about why we embarked on this great journey is more extraordinary than anyone had ever expected .
Peru 's desert coast , trapped between the Andes mountains and the Pacific Ocean .
Nothing survives out here .
Explorers once hurried through in search of the gold and the treasures of the Incas hidden in the mountains beyond , but no one stopped , but then seven years ago somebody did .
Ruth Shady had heard of some mysterious unexplained mounds and , alone , set off through the desert to find them and then right in the middle of this dead land she found this : a huge hill rising out of the desert .
DR RUTH SHADY ( University of San Marcos , Lima ) :
When I first arrived in the valley in 1994 I was overwhelmed .
This place is somewhere between the seat of the gods and the home of man .
It is a very strange place .
NARRATOR : Then as she looked closer she thought she could see something hidden under the rubble and stones .
In her mind 's eye she could make out the faintest outline of a pyramid and as she looked around she could she another and then another .
Ruth Shady had stumbled on a lost city .
It was a discovery that would stun the world of archaeology because it would finally begin to solve one of the great unanswered questions : why our ancestors abandoned a life of simplicity and started down the road to civilisation .
Today 's modern city is the pinnacle of human civilisation .
Millions of people choosing to live and work together .
In a civilisation everyone has a specific task that helps towards a common goal .
Workers , professionals , home - makers - they all come together to build the same society .
Above them all , powerful rulers .
They command who does what and when and where they do it , but it was not always like this .
How this complex system came about has long been a huge puzzle to scientists .
PROF C.C. LAMBERG -KARLOVSKY
( Harvard University ) :
For more than a century surely one of the most important questions addressed by archaeologists is also its biggest .
What is the origin of civilisation ?
This has been a central theme , a guiding post for virtually all archaeologists working on every continent of the world .
NARRATOR : Because civilisation was not inevitable .
For more than a hundred thousand years there were neither rulers nor cities .
Humanity either roamed the world in small family groupings , or lived in tiny villages .
There was little planning , little leadership and no future .
Just survival and then something happened .
Six thousand years ago people started to move out of their villages and build huge cities .
Archaeologists called this crossing the great divide .
This happened in six places across the world - in Egypt , Mesopotamia , China and India - and in the New World in Peru and Central America .
Without these pioneers crossing that great divide our modern world would not exist .
DR KEN FEDER ( Central Connecticut State University ) :
And what 's exciting for us is that here we are in the 21st century living in societies that ultimately are , that ultimately result from that historical change , that historical divide .
NARRATOR : Archaeologists examined each early civilisation in turn searching for clues as to why they 'd suddenly appeared and again and again they found they had many things in common .
C.C. LAMBERG -KARLOVSKY : For instance , numeracy , mathematics and calendrical systems .
Writing .
KEN FEDER : Pottery .
Metallurgy .
NARRATOR : But above all there was something else .
KEN FEDER : Monumental architecture .
NARRATOR : In every early civilisation it was the same .
Huge , monumental structures .
This was the ultimate sign of people coming together under rulers for a common goal .
Pyramids marked the arrival of civilisation .
KEN FEDER :
You can't build a huge structure like that on the basis of consensus .
You have to have leaders and followers , you have to have specialists , you have to have people who are in charge , people who can tell individual groups alright today you will be doing this , this group you 're going top be doing something different .
NARRATOR : But none of this explained why our ancestors crossed this historic divide .
What had made us give up the simple life for the city ?
That question still bewitches archaeologists because to explain it is to understand the very soul of modern humanity .
KEN FEDER :
And that 's the key question : how does that happen , when does it happen and why does it happen ?
NARRATOR : There were , of course , plenty of theories .
Some said it was irrigation , others trade , some claim even today it was aliens , but many said it was something else entirely , something terrifying : warfare .
The theory was simple .
Warfare forced groups of villages to huddle together for protection .
This led to new ways of organising society .
Powerful leaders emerged and these leaders became pharaohs and kings .
They would assign tasks and organise lives .
Complex society was born out of fear .
For 20 years Jonathan Haas and Winifred Creamer have tested the warfare theory around the world .
A husband and wife team of archaeologists , they 've found the tell - tale signs of battle in every early civilisation .
JONATHAN HAAS ( Field Museum , Chicago ) :
As you look at culture , as it becomes more complex , warfare seems to be everywhere , that these societies seem to be always at war , or war 's depicted in the art , war 's depicted in the architecture , you see a warrior class or you see standing armies , you see generals .
When you get writing , writing is about warfare .
NARRATOR : While it is not universally accepted , many agree with Haas 's conclusions that warfare was a crucial driving force behind the birth of modern society .
C.C. LAMBERG -KARLOVSKY : I frankly find it difficult to conceive of the emergence of urbanisation complexity civilisation in the absence of degrees of conflict , or the presence of , of warfare .
NARRATOR : But it was only a theory .
Archaeologists had no proof , so they spent years scouring the earth , hunting for a way of turning theory into fact .
What they needed to find was what archaeologists call a mother city .
This is the missing link of archaeology , the very first stage of civilisation , just as humanity crossed the great divide .
KEN FEDER :
So if we could find one of these absolutely earliest stages of civilisation it would make an enormous contribution to our understanding of the process of the development of civilisation .
NARRATOR : If their theory was right , then the mother city should be filled with the signs of battle , but they always hit the same obstacle .
Civilisations constantly build upon themselves .
It means the earliest stages are all but wiped out .
KEN FEDER : Human beings reconstruct buildings , human beings recycle materials .
It is very often difficult to be able to coax out of that mass of material sort of the base of that civilisation .
What constitutes the original civilisation .
NARRATOR : After years of searching in the Old World they 'd found little .
They still needed to find the earliest stage that had not been built on , somewhere pristine and so the search for the mother city switched from the Old World to the New .
Peru , home to one of the greatest of all civilisations - the Incas .
Here high in the Andean mountains they ruled a mighty empire until destroyed by the Spaniards five hundred years ago , but the origins of this great civilisation stretch back thousands of years and its earliest stages remain shrouded in mystery and so the search for the mother city settled here , this time on the Peruvian coast where , thousands of years ago , it all began .
Seven years ago the search to find that elusive first stage of civilisation arrived here , just 10 miles from the coast in the Casma Valley .
Something truly spectacular was discovered , one of the biggest pyramids in the world .
This pyramid is so huge that for a century explorers ignored it , convinced it could only be a hill .
It is the rival of anything in Egypt .
DR TOM POZORSKI ( University of Texas - Pan American ) :
This is a pyramid that ranks as one of the largest in the world , period .
It 's one that covers on the surface of the mound it covers like 15 football fields .
The volume of it is some , we calculate something like two million cubic metres of material .
NARRATOR : But the pyramid was only the beginning .
The whole site spreads out over six miles and includes a host of lesser pyramids .
In front of the main pyramid four plazas extend out for over a mile .
Thousands of people could have met and done business here .
The Casma Valley is one of the wonders of Peru and it is a site that reeks of civilisation .
TOM POZORSKI : Visitors of this valley , upon first seeing this pyramid , what is said this society that built it had its act together .
This society 's very powerful , this society is , is a society that really is very highly organised .
NARRATOR : Tom Pozorski and his wife Sheila were about to make Casma into one of the sensations of archaeology because four years ago they unearthed some wooden poles inside the main pyramid .
Wood can be carbon dated .
The results showed it had been built in 1500 BC .
It made Casma the oldest city ever discovered in the Americas and an instant candidate to be the mother city .
Then they dug deeper and everywhere they found the tell - tale signs of a civilisation at its very earliest stage .
There was pottery , but it was very simple and there was art , but again it was crude .
Everything was at its most basic .
It all seemed to point to one thing - Casma had to be the mother city , but the final question for the archaeologists was were there signs of battle , was it really true that the first civilisations were born out of warfare ?
Then came the final breakthrough .
It happened in one of the outlying pyramids .
There they found some carvings .
TOM POZORSKI : We have warrior figures next to their victims who are cut up , they 're beheaded , their bodies cut in half .
JONATHAN HAAS : Heads have blood flowing from their eyes and blood flowing from their mouths and then you have body parts so you 'll have just the leg and you 'll have a torso or you 'll have feet and you 'll have crossed hands .
NARRATOR : For archaeologists like Jonathan
Haas these carvings confirmed what they 'd long suspected : warfare really did seem to be the force that gave birth to civilisation .
It appeared the answer to why we 'd crossed the great divide from the simple to the civilised had been found .
Archaeology 's great quest seemed to have ended at Casma , the mother city , but Casma 's days as an archaeological sensation were numbered .
Just as it was reaching the height of its fame , Ruth Shady found her mysterious hills and they would transform everything .
Ruth went back to the site again and again and she took with her a team of students and archaeologists .
Their first task : to get a rough idea of how old Caral , as the site was known , actually was .
For this they needed to find pottery because archaeologists are skilled at dating sites just by the style of the pottery they find , but after weeks of searching they found nothing .
RUTH SHADY : For two months we looked for pottery .
Every night we asked each other if anybody had found any , but nobody had .
We were completely baffled .
NARRATOR : This was very puzzling .
Every early civilisation is littered with pottery , even Casma , but not this one , so they looked for something else you 'd expect to find in a civilisation : metal tools , but the only tools they found were made not of metal but stone .
There was only one conclusion : this was a civilisation at an extraordinarily early stage .
RUTH SHADY : Little by little as we analysed our findings , we began to realise that this place was completely different to anything we had seen before and it was much older than we 'd expected .
NARRATOR : But how old ?
They 'd still found nothing they could date and so they decided to dig inside Caral 's biggest structures - the pyramids .
This was a massive undertaking .
The site was enormous and the pyramids huge .
Ruth needed help , so she recruited the Army .
In their way lay thousands of tons of sand , rubble and stones built up over millennia .
It would have to be shifted and so as to avoid any damage to the original structures it could only be done one bucket at a time .
Gradually they caught glimpses of what lay beneath : some of the original stones , traces of plaster , paint not seen for thousands of years , a series of staircases and the wall at the front of the pyramid .
There was no doubt these pyramids would have required craftsmen , architects , a huge workforce and leaders , all the trappings of civilisation and then at last one of her team found what they were looking for .
Sticking out of the foundations of one of the buildings were reeds .
These reeds had been woven into what are called shicra bags and the bags clearly had been used to carry the stones from the mountains .
It 's a technique found only in the very oldest buildings in Peru .
Reeds can be carbon dated .
it meant that at last Ruth could find out just how old Caral was , but she lacked the facilities to do it herself and so she sought help from abroad and so last year Jonathan Haas and Winifred Creamer were invited to the site .
What they saw stunned them .
JONATHAN HAAS :
It was the most incredible assemblage in the , of archaeological sites that we had ever seen anywhere in the world .
it was literally one of those double - take moments when your mouth drops open and you go my God , I 've never seen anything like that in my life .
NARRATOR : They had no doubt Caral was a site of potentially huge importance .
It made their dating of the shicra bags all the more crucial .
They took 12 samples to the University of Illinois for testing .
If the bags were from about 1400 BC Caral would certainly be an important discovery , but younger than Casma .
Dates around 2000 BC would make it the oldest city in the Americas .
Dates any earlier seemed inconceivable .
Three months later the results arrived .
DR WINIFRED CREAMER ( Northern Illinois University ) : I was at work and Jonathan called me and he said they are absolutely great , they 're all early .
NARRATOR : The bags were dated at 2600 BC .
Caral was nearly five thousand years old , as old as the pyramids of Egypt , older than anyone had thought possible .
JONATHAN HAAS : I was virtually in hysterics for three days afterwards .
NARRATOR : Caral was a thousand years older than Casma .
it meant Casma could not be the mother city .
it had to be Caral .
It was now Caral 's turn to be a sensation .
The new mother city meant archaeologists could at last seek answers to their great question : why had civilisation begun ?
KEN FEDER : We 've eliminated some of these false starts and blind alleys .
We say OK , this is the point that wherever we look in the world where civilisation develops this happens and this allows for everything else .
C.C. LAMBERG -KARLOVSKY :
In the context of archaeology worldwide it is of major significance .
It allows us a new , independent laboratory .
We can look here for all of those common questions that we ask of every civilisation .
JONATHAN HAAS :
We have here a unique opportunity , historically an unique opportunity to look at the start , to look at that transition , to , to , we have our missing link , if you will .
NARRATOR : Ruth could now show the world what a society looked like at the very dawn of civilisation .
Her work revealed that at the heart of Caral was six pyramids arranged around a massive central plaza .
Alongside them an amphitheatre and temple , the religious heart of Caral .
it contained a furnace which Ruth believes fired a flame that was meant to burn forever .
In the centre of the plaza were houses , some ornate , some simple .
Dominating everything the main pyramid , seat of the city 's rulers , and the symbol that the people of Caral had left behind the primitive life and discovered civilisation .
This then is what modern society might have looked like at its very beginning , but why was the city here , why did civilisation start at Caral and that 's when the trouble started .
It began when Jonathan Haas , the world 's expert on the warfare theory , paid another visit .
He was searching for evidence to back it up .
The first thing he thought he might find were battlements .
JONATHAN HAAS : I began walking and climbing all of the hillsides around Caral and it finally dawned on me that there were n't any fortifications round these sites .
NARRATOR : Meanwhile , Ruth and her team were searching Caral for weapons , for depictions of warfare , anything , but again there was nothing .
RUTH SHADY : We found no sign of the sort of weapons you see in later periods of history , like stone cudgels .
I do n't see any evidence of conflict .
The city is n't walled , its inhabitants did not feel under any treat of war , there are no weapons of war .
NARRATOR : Haas was now extremely puzzled , so he widened his search .
He headed to the valley 's mouth through which any invaders would have had to pass .
JONATHAN HAAS : I was an approaching army that 's where I 'd come and that 's where I should find defensive fortifications .
There should be a wall going across it .
They 're easy places to put walls across all of these access routes .
NARRATOR : But again nothing .
JONATHAN HAAS :
There should be something to slow down the enemy and in fact there 's nothing .
There are no fortifications round any of these sites .
NARRATOR : Jonathan Haas was now facing an uncomfortable truth .
He had spent years pursuing the theory that warfare was the force that created civilisation and now it was falling apart in front of him .
JONATHAN HAAS :
You seemed to really have the beginnings of that complex society and I 'm able to look at it right at the start and I look for the conflict and I look for the warfare , I look for the armies and the fortifications and they 're not there .
They should be here and they 're not and you have to change your whole mind - set about the role of warfare in these societies and so it 's demolishing our warfare hypothesis .
The warfare hypothesis just does n't work .
NARRATOR : The message of Caral was clear : warfare had nothing to do with the creation of civilisation , here at least .
The whole quest to find out why civilisation was formed would have to start again .
The eyes of the world were now on Ruth .
Everyone wanted to know what had been going on at Caral .
If it was n't warfare what was it that brought these people to build their magnificent city ?
What emerged was that Caral was a society that knew how to have fun .
Near the main temple Ruth and her team found beautifully carved flutes made from the bones of condors .
RUTH SHADY :
The flutes were the first things we found that showed people working as specialised craftsmen in Caral .
NARRATOR : But the people of Caral also enjoyed more worldly pleasures .
back in the laboratory Ruth 's team unearthed fragments of the fruit of something called the achiote plant .
Even today , it 's used by rainforest tribes as body paint and food colouring , but it has one other use : to enhance sexual performance .
They also found the shells of a creature called the megabolinus snail .
These were used as ornaments for necklaces and inside one of them they spotted traces of a mysterious white powder .
It was lime .
The team also found seeds from the coca plant at Caral and that meant drugs .
The lime when mixed with the coca enhances the effects of the cocaine in the coca plant .
It 's a powerful stimulant .
RUTH SHADY :
There are indications that they used drugs because we have found little containers in which there was some lime .
We also found inhalers made out of bone .
NARRATOR : The shamans , or holy men , among certain Amazon tribes use something similar even today .
The effects are dramatic .
During the trance they believe they 're possessed by animal spirits .
Ruth believes this kind of thing could have been happening during festivals in Caral all those years ago .
RUTH SHADY : It 's probable that during the very frequent religious ceremonies in Caral there would have been some hallucinatory drug present .
NARRATOR : But these finds told Ruth even more about Caral .
The plant , the snail and even the flutes were a clue to the basis of the whole civilisation because they had one other very special quality .
They were entirely alien to the deserts surrounding Caral .
They came either from high in the Andes , or the rainforest and that was two hundred miles away .
All these goods had been brought to Caral from far away , but why ?
The mystery deepened further .
Ruth 's team found that Caral did n't just import its pleasures .
It also brought in the most basic commodity of all : food .
It seemed the staple diet of Caral was completely bizarre for a city deep in the desert .
It was fish .
There were endless fish bones , mainly of sardines and anchovies .
They could only have come from the Pacific coast more than 20 miles away .
There was now a real puzzle .
Goods of all kinds seemed to be flooding into Caral from all over Peru .
Why ?
What was happening at Caral that drew them there ?
The mystery of Caral was now captivating Jonathan Haas and Winifred Creamer .
Ever since the collapse of the warfare idea they 'd roamed the valleys around Caral hunting for clues for an alternative theory .
Their wanderings took them over the hills to the neighbouring valleys and it dawned on them all the valleys of Caral had one thing in common : rivers .
Even today Caral is fed by rivers flowing down from the Andes to the sea .
These rivers would be the key in unlocking the mystery of why civilisation first formed here at Caral because with rivers had come a huge technological advance : irrigation .
WINIFRED CREAMER :
This is the simplest possible kind of irrigation system .
All you needed to do was to take a hoe , or something like that , and scratch a little ditch from the river to a piece of land and you could tell that you were going at the right angle ' cos the water 'd follow right in .
NARRATOR : The valleys near Caral are crisscrossed with ancient irrigation trenches and irrigation would have transformed the desert .
JONATHAN HAAS : Once I bring water off of that river to the Peruvian desert that desert blooms .
Once I get water to it it just is the most productive land you could possibly hope for .
NARRATOR : Jonathan believed Caral was once a huge Garden of Eden .
Here in the middle of the desert it would have been a vast oasis of fruit and vegetable fields .
It would have made Caral one of the wonders of the Ancient World and irrigation led to something else , the thing that would turn out to be the crucial innovation behind the rise of civilisation at Caral .
Ruth 's researchers had begun to look for the kinds of vegetables the people of Caral had been eating .
In amongst all the beans and nuts they found cotton seeds , lots of them .
In fact cotton seemed to be everywhere .
RUTH SHADY : Practically every building contained cotton seeds or cotton fibres or textiles .
We were very surprised at the beginning at the sheer amount of cotton .
NARRATOR : Some of the cotton was used for clothes , but it had another use that had nothing to do with Caral : fishing nets .
This net was found at the coast not far from Caral .
It 's nearly 5,000 years old , as old as Caral itself .
It was then that it all became clear to Ruth .
Caral was engaged in trade .
it made cotton nets for the fishermen who sent fish as payment .
RUTH SHADY : A trading link was established between the fishermen and the farmers .
The farmers grew the cotton which the fishermen needed to make the nets and the fishermen gave them in exchange shellfish and dried fish .
NARRATOR : This was Ruth Shady 's great insight .
Trade in cotton led to a huge , self - sustaining system .
Caral made the cotton for the nets .
With the nets the fishermen could catch more food .
More food meant more people could live at Caral to grow more cotton and so Caral became a booming trading centre and the trade spread .
Goods have been found from as far away as Ecuador , the Andes and of course the rainforests hundreds of miles away .
RUTH SHADY :
There is trade with people in the mountains , the jungle and also with the coastal people from further away .
There is a trading network which is far more widespread than just the internal trade within the valleys around Caral .
NARRATOR : It seemed then that they 'd found the answer to that great archaeological quest .
The driving force that led to the birth of civilisation at Caral five thousand years ago was not warfare .
it seemed to be trade .
Ruth Shady , the archaeologist from Peru , had cracked it .
JONATHAN HAAS :
It looks like exchange is what 's unifying this system together and is kind of emerging as the most effective theory we have today to explain how this system developed .
NARRATOR : And amazingly this trade seems to have built a contented world .
There were no battles , no fortresses .
Civilisation in Peru appeared to have been born of a time of peace - or had it ?
Just as everything seemed to be solved , Ruth 's team made a chance discovery that threatened to undermine everything .
In one of the grander houses , perhaps home to one of the elite , they spotted something unusual .
RUTH SHADY : We thought we had finished work on this section .
We looked at the floor and we did n't think there was anything else there , but when we came back the following day we noticed that there was a slight dip in one section of the floor of the building .
NARRATOR : At first they thought they 'd found a personal object , perhaps an ornament .
When they looked closer they could see it was a reed basket .
It had lain under the floor of a house for nearly five thousand years .
When Ruth cleaned the dust away she found something much more disturbing inside : human bones .
They 'd stumbled upon the body of a small child , perhaps even a baby .
Suddenly it raised the frightening possibility .
Perhaps the people of Caral started a tradition which was to be common in later civilisations in the Americas : human sacrifice .
Perhaps Caral was not a civilisation of peace and happiness after all , perhaps it was brutal and held together not by trade , but fear .
It became vital to find out how this child had died .
Was it really a victim of some barbaric practice ?
The body was sent back to the labs for analysis and with it the objects found buried alongside .
Ruth was surprised to see the baby had been placed in the foetal position before being buried and even more surprised to see the body had been carefully wrapped in several layers of fine cloth .
Alongside the body were small stones .
They 'd been carefully polished and holes drilled through their centre .
They had to be beads , perhaps of a necklace .
Then they examined the bones .
They were of a two month old baby and then , slowly , each bone was examined for signs of violence , but there were none .
They suspected this child had died of natural causes .
it had been lovingly prepared for burial .
This first citizen of American civilisation was not a sacrifice , but a much loved child .
Caral really had been a city of peace after all , so this is the real story of Caral .
In the desert a city of pyramids arose built on riches gained peacefully through trade .
It spawned a civilisation that lasted unbroken for more than four thousand years .
It is a story that may yet contain the answer to archaeology 's greatest question : why human beings crossed the great divide from the simple to the civilised ?
RUTH SHADY : Caral was the first city with the first central government ever to be created .
Caral changes all our current thinking about the origins of civilisation .
NARRATOR : Because it seems that five thousand years ago they had no need for warfare .
Caral enjoyed a peace that lasted almost a millennium , an achievement unmatched in the modern world .
JONATHAN HAAS :
That 's a period of a thousand years of peace .
I can't have a thousand years of peace if warfare 's natural to human beings .
Warfare 's part of human nature .
You do n't get a millennium of no war .
NARRATOR : Perhaps that is Caral 's real legacy .
Human civilisation was not born in bloodshed and battle .
Warfare was a later part of the human story .
Great things can come from peace .
Gluskin Sheff analyst David Rosenberg says the retesting process is here , and he lays out some of the action we 're likely to expect .
Over the last year , we have seen four other testing phases
and they all failed as the market did break to new lows .
Under the proviso that
the S&P 500 hit an interim peak of 946 back on June 12 ( it ’s down over 5 %
since ) , here is what the recent historical record tells us to expect ( at a minimum ,
take profits ) .
• The average length of the testing phase is 53 calendar days and 38
business days ( versus 45 calendar days and 33 business days for the
interim bear market rallies ) .
• On average , the S&P 500 undergoes a correction of more than 20 % .
• The sectors that led during the rally , corrected most during the selloff .
This
means that financials , consumer discretionary , materials and industrials
should underperform in the next few months , while health care , consumer
staples , utilities and telecom services should emerge as the leaders .
• Market volatility more than doubles , on average .
• Bonds rally , with the 10 - year Treasury note yield down nearly 15 basis
points , on average .
• The flight - to - safety during these periods implies that the Canadian dollar
declines ( on average by 10 % ) , while the trade - weighed U.S. dollar rallies
more than 6 % .
• Commodity prices decline an average of 15 % , again as cyclical trades
unwind .
• Corporate spreads ( Baa ) widen an average of more than 60 basis points ; it
is very important to be focused on high - quality paper during these market
testing periods as high - yield spreads widen , on average , by more than 300
basis points ( and keep in mind the vast outperformance , which is typical
during bear market rallies ) .
Steve Mason , left , Cam Ward , centre , and Roberto Luongo are three of the goalies vying for the No. 1 job on Team Canada . ( ( Jeff McIntosh / Canadian Press ) )
In an Olympic hockey tournament chock full of the world 's most dangerous snipers , selecting Team Canada 's No. 1 goalie could be the most important decision coach Mike Babcock and his staff will make .
Should the choice be four - time Vezina Trophy winner Martin Brodeur ?
Canucks captain Roberto Luongo ?
Reigning Stanley Cup champion Marc - Andre Fleury ?
2006 Conn Smythe Trophy winner Cam Ward ?
Calder Trophy winner Steve Mason ?
Or is there a better choice , someone who 's not at Canada 's orientation camp in Calgary ?
Vote in the poll , post your comment and have your say .
Tony Sparacino , a forever Packers fan , fired off an indignant letter to the team 's president after his 9 - month - old grandson was n't allowed into a preseason game without a ticket .
You do n't make extra - wide people buy two seats , he challenged Mark Murphy , so why should a lap - sitting baby have to pay ?
" Do you think that is fair ? " the West Allis man wrote .
" I might add that he was enjoyed by all the people who sat nearby , as he is such an adorable , loving baby . "
Tony sent along a photo of baby Justin , a copy of one of his tickets and - to drive home his point - a photo of an enormous woman .
I asked Tony who the woman is .
He said he found her pictured on a humorous birthday card and thought she perfectly illustrated his argument .
Tony , an 83 - year - old , 170 - pound retired firefighter , said he is not poking fun at obese people , but it really steams him that Lambeau Field makes no exception for babies .
His family discovered this the hard way when nine of them , including the baby , showed up with eight tickets at the Aug. 15 game against the Browns .
Tony rarely misses a game but was not along on this trip .
He did , however , pay for all eight tickets , which totaled $ 472 .
He heard later that his son , Mark , gave the baby his $ 59 ticket after they were halted at the turnstiles .
Mark then bought a random ticket from somebody selling near the stadium and joined his family at their end zone seats .
There was room for him , of course , because Justin was sitting on people 's laps .
I called the Packers and was put in touch with Mark Wagner , director of ticket operations , who confirmed that every person , no matter how young , needs a ticket to get into Lambeau .
It says so on the tickets and on the team 's Web site .
" This policy has been in place ever since I 've been here , and I 've been here 32 years , " he said , adding that fans seem to know the rule and do n't complain much about it .
Issue of safety
The stadium holds 73,128 people .
Letting babies in free would put it over capacity , possibly creating a safety issue , Wagner said .
Really ?
I have to agree with Tony that it does seem like a dumb rule , though I would n't recommend subjecting small kids to hours of long - johns weather .
If children younger than 2 were allowed in free , would enough of them show up to make any real difference in the crowd ?
" For Packer fans , yes , " Wagner said .
" People pride themselves on starting them young . "
The Packers have no plans to start double - charging overweight customers , as some airlines have .
Fans come in all sizes , and in theory , they each get 19 inches of bench space in the stands , Wagner said .
" Over the course of a bench , it evens itself out .
That 's just the way it is , and during the winter it does get to be crowded , " he said .
Wagner did a quick survey of other teams in the league .
Of those that responded , 15 allow the very young to get in free , and six do n't .
The Brewers do n't charge for 2 and younger , as long as they sit on laps .
Kids younger than 2 are admitted free to Badgers football and Bucks basketball games .
Tony said this is the first time he ever wrote a letter to complain about anything .
He pulled out all the stops , pointing out that he 's been a Packers season ticket holder for 50 years and a cancer survivor who had much of his stomach removed .
He said he once met Don Hutson and got his autograph , and Bart Starr sent him and his wife a note of congratulations on their 35th wedding anniversary , which was 26 anniversaries ago .
Tony made copies of his letter to the Packers and sent them to this newspaper and the ones in Green Bay and Madison .
The Packers plan to reply to Tony in a letter explaining the policy .
He is n't asking for freebies to soothe his bruised feelings , and the team is n't offering any .
Tony did his best to knock the ticket policy on its butt , but so far the Packers defense is holding .
Call Jim Stingl at ( 414 ) 224-2017 or e-mail at jstingl@journalsentinel.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Senior Iranian political figures appear to have snubbed the formal endorsement of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
His predecessors as president , Mohammad Khatami and Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , did not attend the ceremony .
Also missing were the two opposition candidates defeated in June 's election - that was mired in claims of rigging - Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi .
Later , riot police reportedly prevented several opposition protests in Tehran .
After the 12 June election , thousands of Iranians took to the streets in the largest mass demonstrations since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Hints of tension
The BBC's Tehran correspondent , Jon Leyne , says public protests have ebbed since , in the face of mass arrests and a strong police presence on the streets .
The BBC was sent video of a purported opposition protest in Tehran on Monday But Iran 's political elite has been in open disagreement about how to move forward and opposition to the president continues to grow , our correspondent adds .
Mr Ahmadinejad will be inaugurated for a second term on Wednesday , and will have two weeks to form a government that must be approved by parliament .
In Monday 's ceremony , broadcast live on the state - run Arabic and English TV , but not on the Farsi channels , Ayatollah Khamenei formally gave his backing to Mr Ahmadinejad .
Describing last month 's poll as a " golden page " in Iran 's political history , he declared the incumbent the victor with more than 60 % of the vote .
ANALYSIS Jon Leyne
Tehran correspondent , BBC News
By endorsing the disputed election victory , Ayatollah Khamenei has tied his political future , and perhaps even the future of the Islamic Republic , to the fate of this controversial president .
Today that bond was sealed .
But the leader must already be wondering whether he might need to jettison the president to secure his own future , even though it would cause him enormous political damage .
The real threat to Mr Ahmadinejad could come from his former allies .
An increasing number have been expressing doubts about the president 's behaviour since the election .
As the president attempts to form a new cabinet , and win approval by parliament , his troubles could just be beginning .
Send us your comments " Iranian people have voted in favour of a fight against arrogance , to confront destitution and spread justice , " al - Alam TV quoted the Supreme Leader as saying .
Mr Ahmadinejad , 52 , accepted a decree from Ayatollah Khamenei , bowing as the Supreme Leader offered his hand .
There was apparent confusion between the two men as the Supreme Leader appeared to offer his hand , only for Mr Ahmadinejad to reach out and kiss his shoulder .
The official Irna news agency later reported that Mr Ahmadinejad had not kissed Ayatollah Khamenei's hand or cheek because he had a cold .
Whatever the reason , the strangely awkward moment was a graphic representation of the sometimes difficult relationship between the two leaders , says our correspondent .
After the ceremony , witnesses said hundreds of people had attempted to hold a demonstration in Vanak Square in the north of Tehran , but that they were dispersed the Revolutionary Guards , the Basij militia and police .
One protester called Maryam told BBC Persian the protest had been peaceful and that they were attacked indiscriminately .
" Plain - clothed officers started attacking people from the middle of the crowd , " she said .
" People were chased away and many were beaten up .
Electric batons and tear gas were being used to displace the crowd . "
Splits on show : how Iran 's political elite has changed from 2005 to 2009
Enlarge Image
There were also reports of a demonstration being prevented by riot police in Vali Asr Square .
Mr Karroubi is also said to have appeared at one rally .
Our correspondent says the real challenge to Mr Ahmadinejad after his swearing - in could be whether he can assemble a credible government that can be endorsed by parliament .
He has been dogged by controversy in recent weeks , becoming embroiled in a series of disputes with conservative politicians who would normally be his allies .
He promoted a close ally , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaie , who had angered the establishment by suggesting that Iran was friends with the Israeli people .
The appointment led to anger among conservatives and the resignation of one minister .
Protester trials
The confirmation took place as the authorities continue a crackdown on many of those they allege were involved in directing mass demonstrations after the election results .
About 100 reformists and activists were put on trial in Tehran on Saturday .
Both Mr Mousavi and former President Khatami denounced the hearings , which continued on Sunday .
The charges include conspiracy , rioting and vandalism .
INAUGURAL WEEK Monday : endorsed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Wednesday : sworn in by parliament
Profile : Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
Who 's who in Iran
They were among thousands of Iranians who rejected the official declaration that Mr Ahmadinejad had won the election .
Televised confessions have been broadcast , in which a former vice - president , among others , thanked his interrogator for showing him the error of his ways .
But the process looks more like an attempt to intimidate the opposition than to present credible evidence , our correspondent says .
Mr Mousavi accused the authorities of forcing detainees to confess to the crimes .
" Witnessing such trumped - up trials , the only judgment that the conscience of humanity can make is the moral collapse and discredit of its directors . "
Foreign media , including the BBC , have been restricted in their coverage of Iran since the election protests turned into confrontations with the authorities in which at least 30 people were killed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This afternoon I went to the emergency room of the Centre Hospitalier National d’Ophtalmologie des Quinze - Vingts in Paris , France .
It ’s a hospital that specializes in eye problems .
I had to have emergency eye surgery on the spot .
With the national debate on health care raging in Washington , it seemed timely to share my story .
I wrote earlier today about yet another hellish experience with CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield last night .
I just arrived in France for my annual house - sitting for Chris and his wife Joelle , and I noticed that I was having some eye problems – specifically , a marked increase in floaters , including an incredibly large one and some new dark ones I ’d never seen before in 40 years of having floaters .
I have some experience with floaters , since two years ago when they last struck I went to a retina specialist and found out that I had a small hole and a small tear in my retina that needed to be fixed immediately , lest they lead to a full retinal detachment , that can lead to blindness .
My sister suffered an all out detached retina , so it runs in the family .
Judging by my history of retina problems , and knowing the signs to look for , the marked increase in floaters set off warning bells , and I called Blue Cross , my insurer to inquire what my coverage was while abroad .
They were total idiots .
I explain that conversation in the post I link to above .
Suffice it to say , Blue Cross first told me I was covered wherever I went , then a second employee told me I would only be covered if I went to an emergency room , but not if I stepped foot out of the emergency room for emergency care .
Shrugging off the utter confusion that was the advice I got from Blue Cross , and their implied threat not to cover me if the emergency room sent me to a specialist for emergency treatment , I went to the Centre Hospitalier National d’Ophtalmologie des Quinze - Vingts , a local hospital here in Paris that specializes in eye conditions .
On first impressions , the place is no great shakes .
It looks like a hospital a bit trapped in time – perhaps circa 1960 – and certainly does n’t compare to the gleaming fortresses that air American hospitals .
But .
Once you get beyond the cosmetic weakness , the French lived up to their reputation as the best health care system in the world , and the costs are cheap as dirt to boot .
I walk into the emergency room , wait ten minutes to speak to the woman at the “ accueil ” ( or welcome desk ) .
She takes my info for five minutes , then sends me to the cashier to pay in advance for my emergency room visit .
I got to the cashier and explain that my American insurance is requiring a detailed break down of the costs , including how much for each aspect of the treatment ( the doctor ’s fees , the medicines , etc ) , or they wo n’t reimburse me .
The woman behind the counter tells me all they have is the charge on the bill , 23 euros .
23 euros ?
That ’s 32 bucks .
You ’ll easily pay $ 800 + for a basic - level emergency room visit in the states .
I think I stifled a laugh .
Rather than worry about Blue Cross ’ sure - to - be nightmare on trying to get my 32 bucks reimbursed , I went back to the emergency room waiting room and waited my turn .
The sign on the wall said to expect a two hour wait , but the lady at the accueil said it would probably be more like an hour .
It was 20 minutes .
“ Monsieur Aravosis , ” the very cute , very young dark - haired French doctor said from behind a glass wall .
“ Oui , ” I responded , raising my hand and pausing the copy of “ The Last Starfighter ” playing on my iPhone .
Julien , as my doctor would come to be known , asked me what was up , looked at my eyes with your standard eye - doctor eye - gazing contraption , and then had me do the standard eye test .
He put some letters up on the wall and asked me to read them aloud .
I asked , do you want me to say them in French ?
So I tried in French , kind of forgot how to say “ H , ” and thank God there were no Js or Gs or he ’d have had me pegged as blind for sure ( J and G in French are pronounced the exact opposite of what they are in English ) , but apparently I passed .
Doctor Julien then handed me some small print to read , to test my bifocal vision , I guess .
I laughed – it was in French .
I speak French , but still , judging my eyes by the French I read from the miniscule font on a small card while seated in an emergency room in a foreign country worrying about going blind , it just seemed awful funny .
Doctor Julien then dilated my pupils , and told me to wait a bit ( in fact , he gave me the medicine and had me dilate my own eyes , one drop in each eye with two different medicines , every ten minutes ) .
A funny thing happened while waiting for my eyes to dilate .
An older man was seated across from me , maybe in his late 60s , and another doctor came out and asked him if he could help him .
The older man said he was with the patient inside the other room .
The doctor responded , “ oh , are you his husband , or his father … ”
The old man responded , “ he ’s my son . ”
Both the doctor and the old man took the suggestion of the old guy ’s gay - ness in stride as if nothing happened .
I imagined my own father if the emergency room doc were to ask him if he and I were a couple .
After fully dilating , Doc Julien sat me down , took another look , and confirmed that I had a rather large tear in my retina .
I needed immediate laser surgery to cauterize the tear , or it would likely lead to a fully detached retina , major surgery , and possibly blindness .
You do n’t have to hit me with a 2 x 4 .
I told Julien I ’d do the surgery , then asked him “ you are a doctor , right ? ”
He laughed and said yes .
I then asked , you ’ve done these before ?
All the time , he said .
So we went to the room with the laser and Julien and another doctor took me through 45 minutes of living hell .
Not hell because of their skills or the facilities or the equipment .
Hell because someone has their hand on your eyeball for 45 minutes , while zapping your eye with a really hot laser that hurts like hell .
Definitely not for the feint of heart .
But it had to be done .
After clutching the desk in front of me for an hour , worrying that I might accidentally blink and slice my eyelid in two like some James Bond movie reject , it was over .
Julien and the other doctor explained that I had to come back in a week , that there was still a risk that the cauterization might not work , and that if that happened , I could be facing a detached retina .
Lovely .
Julien then told me to look out for any flashes of light , dark spots in my vision , or loss of vision in a portion of my eye .
If any of that happened , I was to come back to the emergency room , immediately , regardless of the hour – they had specialists on staff 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
We went upstairs , Julien made my appointment for next week , gave me the eye drops to dilate myself at home before coming in .
Another woman told me that the emergency surgery , with two doctors working nearly an hour , was going to cost me a grand total of 100 euros , or 140 dollars ( really only 100 dollars if the exchange rate were n’t so out of whack ) .
Added on to the basic emergency room visit and consult fee of 23 euros ( 32 dollars ) , that meant my emergency room visit and emergency room surgery came to a grand total of 172 dollars .
I started to leave , then turned around and suddenly realized I had n’t paid the $ 140 for the emergency surgery .
Do I pay the cashier , I ask the woman behind the desk ?
Nah , she tells me – just pay it next week when you come back for your check up .
And that , my friends , is the “ nightmare ” that is “ socialized medicine . ”
We should all be so lucky .
PS For comparison sake , I believe my emergency room visit for slicing the tip of my finger off cost around $ 800 .
They simply cleaned out the wound and bandaged it up , n
o stitches .
Just days after leaving her judge 's post at " American Idol , " singer Paula Abdul announced that her next gig will be serving on the nation 's very first death panel .
While details of the panel remain sketchy , Ms. Abdul said that it will most likely be showcased on a reality show , tentatively called " So You Think You Can Live . "
News of Ms. Abdul 's new duties raised eyebrows in official Washington , where many questioned whether the former " Idol " judge had the qualifications to make life - or - death decisions .
But for her part , Ms. Abdul was dismissive of the naysayers : " Hello , I held Clay Aiken 's life in my hands .
Whatever .
Where am I again ? "
More here .
_______
About author Andy Borowitz is a comedian and writer whose work appears in The New Yorker and The New York Times , and at his award - winning humor site , Andy Borowitz is a comedian and writer whose work appears in The New Yorker and The New York Times , and at his award - winning humor site , BorowitzReport.com .
He is performing at the 92nd St. Y on April 30 at 8 PM with special guests Judy Gold , Hendrik Hertzberg , and Jonathan Alter .
For tickets , go to 92y.org
There is a new trailer available for New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , showing off some of the new suits and multiplayer action from the game .
This is pure Nintendo : you may not be initially amazed at the graphics , but the play looks incredibly solid and fun .
Take a look at what 's likely to be Nintendo 's next big thing .
We had a chance to play the game at E3 , and walked away really wanting the damn thing to be released already .
It 's rare that a video comes out that makes one want to play a game as much as this trailer , but enough of my gushing ; I 'm interested in your thoughts .
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii is expected to be released on the Nintendo Wii this November .
Qundeel Ahmed 's guests lounge in her comfy sofas , chit - chatting about a recent cricket game .
Women in elaborate salwar kameez share wedding stories over her kitchen island , fanning their tongues between bites of stuffed green chillies .
The dining room table is heavy with half - eaten chicken karahi and kebabs , sun streams through the windows , the hours stretch languidly .
It is a perfect Sunday afternoon party .
Just when no one can squeeze down another mouthful , Ahmed unveils the pièce - de- résistance : a chocolate fountain and a bowl of fresh strawberries .
They are perfection – luscious red , flawless , the size of plums , and each has travelled 4,900 kilometres from California .
Not long ago , strawberries were synonymous with June in Ontario .
They were small , delicate bursts of summer .
They were a luxury .
Today , they are a staple in grocery stores .
They outlive salami in your fridge , and instead of June , they conjure California .
In Ontario , we eat more of them every year while growing fewer of them .
Besides the odd pang of guilt , few of us think about what goes into those berries .
How do they grow them so big ?
How do they get across a continent unblemished ?
How do they grow in November ?
We went to California to find out .
What we discovered was a finely - tuned production line involving geneticists , mechanical engineers , laboratory technicians , patent lawyers , chemists , plant biologists and lobbyists .
A simple fruit Romans picked wild to cure melancholy , the strawberry has become a symbol of both human ingenuity and recklessness .
" The idea of Johnny Appleseed throwing seeds into the ground and having things grow is totally erroneous , " says Curt Gaines , the self - described strawberry cop of California .
" This is not a natural world . "
The story of Qundeel Ahmed 's strawberries started more than a decade ago , with pollen from one strawberry flower on the tip of a paintbrush in Doug Shaw 's hand .
He brushed it onto the stigma of another plant in his greenhouse .
It was one of thousands of crosses he and his staff made that fall .
Once the fruit resulting strawberries formed , Shaw 's technicians put them into an enzyme gel to free the seeds .
Every berry has around 200 seeds .
Each one is genetically unique .
Around 13,000 were eased into thimblefuls of soil and watered .
You 've likely never heard of him , but Shaw created most of the California strawberries you eat .
He is the leading strawberry geneticist and breeder at the University of California 's Davis campus .
Davis , northeast of San Francisco , is the Pentagon of California 's strawberry empire , which has grown from 350,000 tonnes in 1986 to 907,000 now .
Today , California pumps out 88 per cent of the strawberries Americans eat and the majority of ours too .
Shaw 's colleagues at Davis study the plant from dozens of angles , including toxicology , entomology , pesticides , handling .
Shaw has a PhD in genetics but spends most of his time wearing the humble uniform of a California grower – plaid short - sleeved shirt , jeans , baseball cap .
A fierce supporter of the industry , he thinks the local - food movement is a sham .
" I lived in Sweden , " he says , sitting on the edge of his test plot in the late - afternoon sun , a crate of giant strawberries warming beside him .
" Eating local produce there means eating only rutabagas and potatoes in winter .
That 's not how I want to live . "
In 1997 , Shaw brought the best 300 seedlings to his test plot in Watsonville .
He let them multiply and combed the rows , inspecting and tasting .
He was looking for colour , shape , disease - resistance , sweetness .
Like apples , strawberries come in thousands of varieties , although few people can name them .
All date back to a chance romance between two wild plants in a Dutch garden around 250 years ago .
One was Chilean – secreted back to Europe on a French exploration vessel .
The other came from the Virginia woods .
The result was a more vigorous plant bearing larger berries .
Strawberry breeding was born .
Strawberries are very complicated little plants .
They produce seeds , but also reproduce vegetatively – stretching out tendrils to create genetically identical " daughters . "
Humans have two sets of each chromosome .
Strawberries have eight .
" There 's a lot of genetic magic to this , " Shaw says .
The Davis campus has been making strawberry magic for 75 years .
In 1983 , it pulled off an awesome trick – a plant that continued to produce berries all summer , oblivious to the heat and long days .
That gave California growers a distinct advantage .
While most Ontario berry farmers pray for a five - week season , California growers harvest the same plant twice a week for nine straight months .
The berries have continued to improve since then .
" Every time we think we 've come up with a really good one , we think we can't replace it , " Shaw says with more boyish enthusiasm than bravado .
" And we do . "
He spotted another winner in his test plot .
Its berries were bigger still and sweet .
He named it Albion – a reference to Sir Francis Drake 's name for California , " Nova Albion . "
His friends call it the " red avocado . "
" This year we 've got 300 million [ Albion plants ] in California , " Shaw says .
" Every one traces back to one seed on one berry in history that could have gotten stuck in your teeth . "
THE FOUNDATION
Plant Service is like a spa for plants .
It 's where , eight years ago , the great - great - great - great - great - grandmother of Qundeel 's strawberries was born again in a pure , disease - free form .
The way strawberry plants produce clones is both their commercial strength and weakness .
It means once you have a great product , you can mass produce it .
But if one plant succumbs to disease , they all fall .
After being admitted , one of Shaw 's plants was chosen as the variety 's official mother .
She was sent into a sauna for a three - week heat treatment .
If the plant survives the heat , most pathogens wo n't , the theory goes .
But to be safe , lab technicians cut out stem cells from the tips of her runners – where cells grow so quickly , viruses can't catch up with them .
" We 've been doing this program for 15 years , " says Susan Sim , the centre 's plant pathologist in charge of strawberries .
" We 've never once had a plant come out with a virus . "
Dressed in cargo pants and hiking boots , Sim looks like she'd be more comfortable on a mountainside than a laboratory .
But she is enamoured with the light of possibilities glimmering beneath her 100x powered microscope .
" It stuns me how alive and vibrant the cells are , " she says , holding up a tray of test tubes .
" They 're gorgeous . "
Inside each one , a five - centimetre strawberry plant grows .
That 's how big they are after five months of intense humidity and light .
They are now sent to a humidity chamber and then a greenhouse to grow .
The procedure not only cleans them , but boosts their productivity by as much as 400 per cent .
" The theory is it sends them back to a more juvenile state , " Sim says .
After three years of testing , the first 98 certified Albion strawberry plants were released to nurseries in 2004 .
It 's hard to imagine even a dandelion growing in Lassen Canyon 's nursery in Manteca .
It looks like a dust bowl – sand for as far as you can see .
But Qundeel 's irrigated berries ' forebears not only grew here , they thrived .
Lassen is the biggest nursery in California .
It sells 325 million strawberry plants around the world every year .
It does so by moving the plants around to a myriad of secluded fields and prompting them to reproduce .
The numbers are staggering .
A year after leaving the lab , Qundeel 's berries ' forebears had already borne 200 daughters each in a greenhouse .
Then , set in these well - drained fields , those plants produced around 350 more over two years .
Finally , they ventured up near the snow - capped mountains of Northern California for " chilling . "
The cold prompts the plants to send carbohydrates to their roots , " like a bear in winter with fat " says Gaines , who managed Lassen before running UC Davis ' patent system .
" That way you are going to have a plant that kicks ass when it 's planted . "
By the time they graduate from the nursery , every single clean plant has made 25 million daughters .
" And that 's being extremely conservative , " says Gaines , a former hippie who converted to pesticide - use after two years of exhausting work as an organic farmer .
" It could realistically turn into 120 million . "
From the nursery , the plants took a ride to Watsonville , two hours south of San Fransciso .
This is the capital of four main strawberry - producing regions dotting the southern coast of California , where the climate suits them – cool summers , mild winters .
There are more acres of strawberries here than in all of Ontario , every one producing more than 15 times as much fruit .
Just outside of town , strawberry fields spread like the ocean , wave after glistening wave .
The lustre is from plastic sheeting – which helps control weeds and keep fruit clean – reflecting the light .
Mexican pickers dot the fields .
Fog hangs heavily above them .
It is 11 a.m. on a recent Friday and just 11 degrees .
Eddie Mehl steps out of his truck to watch their progress .
He is the largest strawberry farmer with the Watsonville Berry Co- Op .
This is his field .
Mehl got his start in high school , packing lettuce .
He earned enough money to buy his first car – a green Porshe 911 , second - hand – at 16 .
It convinced him he'd be happier farming than behind a computer .
But he does n't get much time on a tractor .
He 's too busy managing people .
His payroll tops $ 75,000 a week .
" It 's a big , giant factory , " says Mehl , 56 .
" But it 's outside . "
Strawberry farming in California is highly mechanized .
Before planting , every field is fumigated , often with methyl bromide .
It 's a toxic , ozone - depleting gas that kills everything down to 2.4 metres – weeds , fungi , bugs .
Then tractors mould the soil into furrows , to boost drainage and speed up picking .
Plastic irrigation tubes thread each bed , providing precise amounts of water and fertilizer .
Once the plants are in place , they are covered with plastic .
Workers burn individual holes to free each plant .
The only hitch is the labour .
No one has invented a successful mechanical planter or harvester for strawberries .
They are too fragile .
Fingers plant them ; fingers pick them .
Qundeel 's Albion berries are hiding on plants down one long furrow .
Isidro Guillen Olvera heads out to pick them .
He carries a cardboard tray with eight plastic containers called clamshells .
Spanish music bleats from a portable stereo nearby .
Swallows dart overhead .
At 48 , Olvera is older than most of his peers .
He 's been picking strawberries in Watsonville for 14 years now , sending money to his wife and five children in Mexico .
He 's an expert picker .
Placing the tray onto his " pick cart " – a knee - high , metal rack – Olvera opens the first clamshell and sets to work .
He bends at the waist and sweeps his hand around a plant searching for hidden berries .
It takes him less than five minutes to fill eight containers , including Qundeel's .
Already labelled , they are sealed and ready to go .
Olvera hoists the tray up like a waiter and carries it to a waiting pickup , where it is loaded atop a wooden pallet .
He hands a pink card to a woman to be punched .
By morning 's end , his card will have 58 holes – earning him $ 76 .
During peak season , a fast picker can make $ 150 .
He grabs another tray and wades back into the field .
By the time the truck rolls off carrying Qundeel 's berries , he has long forgotten them .
Two minutes later , they roll into what looks like the pickup area of an IKEA store – high metal ceilings , towering crates , beeping forklifts .
This is the Watsonville Berry Co-op 's packing plant .
Qundeel 's berries are here for cooling .
Once picked , strawberries do n't last long .
When you are sweating in the sun , the berries are even hotter .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
California scientists have spent a lot of time pondering this .
Their experiments revealed that at 2 degrees Celsius , strawberries will last 10 days instead of hours .
" For every hour delay before cooling , you lose about 10 per cent of strawberries at the retail level , " explains Adel Kader , a retired professor of post - harvest handling who co-authored a 500 - page textbook on the topic .
Taken to a walk - in cooler like those on most Ontario farms , berries can take three days to cool .
So , engineers designed specialized forced - air coolers .
The workers inside Watsonville Berry Co-op 's cooler are dressed like snowboarders – snow pants , jackets and gloves .
Five giant fans whirl down one wall , sucking frigid air through the pallets of berries nestled beside them .
Here , it takes less than three hours to bring fever off berries .
Qundeel 's berries , though , are shuttled to the new , state - of - the - art cooler .
It is a tunnel – the pallet rolls though it on a conveyer .
This system takes half the time and one - fifth the electricity , says Tom Simmons , the Co - Op 's buoyant general manager .
He yanks open a door to the plant 's thousand - horsepower back - up generator .
Running full - tilt , it can produce 700,000 watts – enough to power three neighbourhood blocks in Toronto .
That box of California strawberries requires a lot of energy .
The Co-op 's system is more efficient than many others .
Over a year , it sucks down as much electricity as 58 Toronto homes – a lot more than the average Ontario farm .
But it produces 18,000 tonnes of strawberries a year – enough to feed 7 million Americans their 2.7 - kilogram average annual serving .
After cooling , the next step is Techtral treatment .
That 's strawberry talk for carbon dioxide .
The pallet including Qundeel 's berries is wrapped in plastic and sealed .
Then , the oxygen is sucked out and replaced with 15 per cent carbon dioxide .
" It helps put the strawberries to sleep , " explains Simmons .
Three and a half hours after being picked , Qundeel 's berries are ready to go .
By evening 's end , hers and dozens of pallets of other berries will be travelling throughout North America – to Tennessee , South Carolina , Vancouver .
The furthest destination is Toronto .
A silver 18 - wheel truck backs slowly into the loading slip .
Craning at the wheel is 41 - year - old Tim Hoover .
The bunk bed behind him has been hastily made .
An empty Gatorade bottle rolls near the gearshift .
His weary father Doug sits beside him .
They 've just arrived from delivering a load of freezies from a Vaughan plant to Salt Lake City .
Most cross-country trucks are driven by teams .
That way they lose no time , switching between the wheel and bed , stopping only long enough to pee and pick up more Gatorade .
Tim Hoover 's truck roars into Watsonville about twice a month .
On other weeks , he goes to the Texas border , picking up Mexican lemons .
Does he like strawberries ?
" I do n't mind them , " he says .
Qundeel 's berries are protected with cardboard padding and loaded onto the trailer .
Inflatable plastic pillows are nestled between the loads .
Fifteen minutes later , Hoover pulls out to join a brigade of trucks creeping east .
At the season 's peak , 280 trucks will carry berries out of Watsonville every week .
" Food - miles " became a hot subject a few years ago .
It was n't long ago that cities like Toronto largely fed themselves .
But now , the average pear you buy has travelled 6,000 kilometres .
Although vilified by locavores , food travelling long distances by truck does n't necessarily result in more greenhouse gases .
On a per-pound basis , an 18 - wheeler emits one - fifteenth the carbon dioxide of a delivery van heading to a local farmers ' market .
The latest studies reveal the distance food travels by truck matters less than how that food was produced .
The second biggest energy - hog in the system is the consumer .
How many people across North America will drive to grocery stores to buy these strawberries , chuck them in the fridge and a week later throw them out uneaten ?
But still , when compared to local produce grown in season , imported fruit usually loses , hands - down .
And that 's not including the additional spin - offs – local jobs , food security , green space .
If they had a window , Qundeel 's strawberries would get a great view .
They climb up over the Rockies , pass grazing buffalo in Wyoming , trundle through the suburbs of Chicago and the idle auto plants in Flint , and with a flash of papers , slip into Canada .
They travel 4,868 kilometres .
The fuel bill totals $ 2,450 ( U.S. ) .
Divided evenly , that 's 11 cents a box .
The truck stops briefly in Fort Erie to drop off Doug , and then roars down the QEW towards the Ontario Food Terminal .
The berries arrive just after 4 a.m. on a Sunday and nestle down to sleep .
During the day , one dreamy misstep at the Food Terminal will get you run over by a careening mountain of Chinese ginger .
Trucks pull in and out every few minutes , loading and unloading fresh fruit and vegetables from around the world .
Men zip the loads on motorized carts to showrooms where buyers peel open boxes and bargain with sales managers .
This early on a Sunday morning , it is still quiet .
Mohammad Nazari is taking stock of what remains in his warehouse .
He is the sales and purchasing manager for J.E. Russell Produce , the biggest importer of berries at the terminal .
On busy days , he unloads six trucks of strawberries and sells them all by nightfall .
Today , his warehouse is bare and already the orders are rushing in .
" I should have ordered one more truck , " he says .
But last week 's rain meant slow sales .
The result was cheap berries – $ 14 for a 4.5 - kilogram tray .
When Ontario strawberry season hits its stride , the price will drop further .
Come November , the same tray will cost $ 30 .
Outside , the night fades to blue and Hoover 's truck is motioned to the slip .
Two workers step out of a heated office plastered with photos of pin-up girls to unload the pallet that includes Qundeel 's berries .
The plastic is ripped off , the berries ' temperature is taken , and they are whizzed to a chilly warehouse to await their fate .
Qundeel 's berries could have gone to a Niagara restaurant or an Ottawa grocery store .
Instead , they are packed into a cube van and raced down the quiet QEW towards Burlington .
During rush hour , this trip can take hours .
Today , the berries cover 37 kilometres in 25 minutes – pulling into the Longo's on the edge of a new strip mall .
Inside , produce manager Stephen McDermott greets them eagerly .
He 's got a sale on California strawberries – two for $ 5 – and he 's down to only 16 boxes .
He bypasses the cooler and wheels them out to the floor immediately .
" They will go fast , " McDermott says over his shoulder , passing the Ontario asparagus .
Soon , he 'll have a display of Ontario strawberries too .
But they wo n't displace the California ones .
" We want to appease all customers . "
As if on cue , Qundeel Ahmed arrives .
She 's just jumped out of bed , rushing out of the house as her 22 - month - old continues sleeping .
Her feet are jammed into her 12 - year - old daughter 's running shoes .
The laces are still undone .
Her time is tight – two hours to clean the house , finish the cooking , get her kids dressed , shower .
But she takes a minute to examine the display .
She loves strawberries .
When she was growing up in Pakistan , they were a luxury .
Packed into the back seat of her Nissan , the berries take one last trip to Qundeel 's big suburban home three kilometres away .
By noon , Qundeel is transformed – delicate pink kameez , immaculate pink nails , a coat of lipstick .
The California strawberries look glamorous too .
Which is astounding , given what they 've just been through .
Think :
Since they were picked two days ago , those berries have been helped to Toronto by more than 15 hands .
They 've crossed eight state lines and one federal border , riding in a dozen vehicles , including two trucks , a car , a pickup and eight forklifts .
They 've seen fog , rain and now , bright sun .
All for the price of a ride on the subway .
" They 're amazing , " Ahmed says , popping one into her toddler 's mouth .
" Very sweet . "
You'd think that dinosaur - loving creationists would be law - abiding citizens .
Not so .
Last week a South Carolina judge ordered the government to seize control of Dinosaur Adventure Land creationist theme park after its owners were convicted of tax fraud .
Advertisement
If you live in or around Pensacola , it just got harder to be a creationist who wants to see giant statues of dinosaurs .
Dinosaur Adventure Land , which was packed with educational exhibits devoted to unmasking the lies of evolution , will be no more .
No longer will children be taught how dinosaurs walked the earth 6000 years ago .
All because park 's owners , Kent and Jo Hovind , owed the IRS just under half a million dollars in employee taxes .
Advertisement
According to the Pensacola News Journal :
[ Kent Hovind ] was found guilty in November 2006 on 58 counts , including failure to pay employee taxes and making threats against investigators .
The conviction culminated 17 years of Hovind sparring with the IRS .
Saying he was employed by God and his ministers were not subject to payroll taxes , he claimed no income or property .
Now the government is finally going to get those back taxes by seizing what remains of their theme park .
Advertisement
The Hovinds were also the founders of Creation Science Church , which seems ( if the website is to be believed ) to be devoted to a creationist interpretation of the Bible , really awesome dinosaurs , and super excellent paper airplanes .
As the Dinosaur Adventure Land website explains :
Dinosaur Adventure Land is a theme park and science museum that gives God the glory for His creation .
It has rides and fun -filled events and activities , each involving a physical challenge , a science lesson , and a biblical truth .
Learn about dinosaurs , principles of science , and even how to make a paper airplane that can fly over 300 feet !
Handle our real , live creatures and take the Leap of Faith swing .
Enjoyable and educational for all ages , it is specifically targeted for kids under a million years of age !
Advertisement
But do n't worry – other creationist dinosaur parks live on .
In fact , in recent years , creationist groups have seized control of previously science - friendly dino attractions .
The famous Cabazon Dinosaurs in California , featured in Pee Wee 's Big Adventure , were recently purchased by a creationist group .
Now their website includes helpful information on why Darwin was wrong .
The park owners write :
Through our exhibit , Mr. Rex 's Dinosaur Adventure ™
At the World 's Biggest Dinosaurs™ , we hope to help the young and old explore what is known and not known about dinosaurs , man and the creation of the world in a practical , factual and fun way .
Advertisement
There also remains the Creation Museum in Kentucky , toured by SF author John Scalzi , who had quite a bit to say about it , as well as having a great Flickr set of crazy dioramas from the displays there .
The Creation Museum is so hip that it even has a blog , which recently announced that the museum is sponsoring a car that will be racing at the Kentucky Speedway .
But will the car have a velociraptor painted on the side ?
You know , one that lived like 5000 years ago ?
Advertisement
Dinosaur Adventure Land image via bak2new .
Timeline image from Creation Museum via Scalzi .
Cabazon Dino pic via slworking2 .
I like Mario Bros. as much as the next girl ( or guy ) …
Just did n’t know I was being flipped off the whole time .
Mr. Toad , you owe us an apology , or at least an explanation :/
* UPDATE *
We were told the original source for this image can be found here .
Today , Mozilla discovered that GatewayCDI , the third party vendor entrusted to run the backend of the Mozilla Store , suffered a security breach .
Once notified , we took the immediate preventative step of shutting down the Mozilla Store to ensure that no additional users could be compromised .
Mozilla immediately reached out to GatewayCDI and encouraged them to quickly inform individuals whose data had been compromised .
GatewayCDI is currently investigating their systems and determining the cause and extent of the breach .
Mozilla Store customers who are affected will be contacted directly by GatewayCDI .
Mozilla is committed to user privacy and the store will only be reinstated once we have a satisfactory assurance of ongoing login security and data privacy .
The International Mozilla Store , although run by a separate partner company , has also temporarily been shut down as a precautionary measure .
The Mozilla Community Store is operated on a wholly separate system and was not impacted by the breach .
SAN DIEGO ( Hollywood Reporter ) -
To stoke buzz for the sci - fi flick “ Avatar , ” 20th Century Fox will take over as many Imax and 3D screens around the world as it can on August 21 to show 15 minutes of promotional footage , filmmaker James Cameron announced Thursday at the Comic - Con pop culture convention .
The screenings , in a highly unusual move , will be offered free of charge to pave the way for the film , which opens in the U.S. on December 18 .
Cameron and Fox took the wraps off their pricey , visually splashy 3D movie at the San Diego Convention Center ’s Hall H on Thursday , to a deeply enthusiastic , if not over - the - top hysterical , crowd Thursday afternoon .
Cameron warmed up the sci - fi - minded crowd by asking , “ Who wants to go to another planet ? ” before rolling nearly 25 minutes of scenes from his otherworldly tale , which is set on the fictional planet of Pandorum .
A few expositional scenes showing the main character , played by Sam Worthington , becoming an avatar ( a blue - skinned human - alien hybrid ) segued into a series of jungle battle scenes -- many of them of striking color and scope -- in which Worthington and co-star Zoe Saldana fight with prehistoric - looking creatures .
The footage showed a vividly original world complete with its own language and ecology .
“ Everybody always asks , where have you been ?
Well , that ’s where I ’ve been : Pandorum , ” said Cameron , who has n’t directed a narrative feature since 1997 ’s “ Titanic . ”
The footage overlapped with but was not identical to the slightly shorter material that Fox showed at Cinema Expo in Amsterdam last month , the studio said .
The stakes are high for Fox , which has made the December 18 film the cornerstone of its fall slate .
The film is important enough to the studio that it was introduced by Fox Filmed Entertainment co-chairman Tom Rothman , who noted that “ moments likes these are rare for a movie company . ”
MYSTERY BUDGET
At a news conference after the panel , Cameron acknowledged the studio ’s support , saying : “ They wrote us a big check and were with us right down the line . ”
How big a check has become one of the bigger Hollywood mysteries of the season .
While some estimates have pegged the budget for “ Avatar ” in the $ 300 million range , Fox has stuck to a figure closer to $ 230 million .
Cameron has faced a lot of talk about budgets ever since “ Titanic , ” which went on to become the biggest worldwide box - office grosser in history with $ 1.8 billion , was released .
If the “ Avatar ” footage did n’t elicit the hysterical reactions from the Comic - Con faithful of the “ New Moon ” and “ Alice in Wonderland ” panels earlier in the day , that was understandable .
The “ Avatar ” unspooling marks one of the rare times in recent Comic - Con memory that a film of this scale has not been based on a pre-existing property with a built - in fan base .
That the film is an unknown quantity poses both an advantage and a disadvantage for Fox :
While the movie comes without the benefit of prior awareness ( and thus makes it a harder sell in the short run ) , it gives the studio a chance to shape perception in a way that remakes and sequels do n’t allow .
The need to build awareness was behind Cameron ’s surprise announcement about screening footage for free in theaters in August .
While the unusual move to give moviegoers a deeper look at the upcoming movie is an expensive gambit for the studio ’s marketing department , Fox clearly hopes it will show people what cannot simply be translated in a 2D trailer or in TV spots .
DO YOU THINK that your newest acquisition , a Roomba robotic vacuum cleaner that traces out its unpredictable paths on your living room floor , is conscious ?
What about that bee that hovers above your marmalade - covered breakfast toast ?
Or the newborn who finally fell asleep after being suckled ?
Nobody except a dyed - in - the - wool nerd would think of the first as being sentient ; adherents of Jainism , India ’s oldest religion , believe that bees — and indeed all living creatures , small and large — are aware ; whereas most everyone would accord the magical gift of consciousness to the baby .
The truth is that we really do not know which of these organisms is or is not conscious .
We have strong feelings about the matter , molded by tradition , religion and law .
But we have no objective , rational method , no step - by - step procedure , to determine whether a given organism has subjective states , has feelings .
The reason is that we lack a coherent framework for consciousness .
Although consciousness is the only way we know about the world within and around us — shades of the famous Cartesian deduction cogito , ergo sum — there is no agreement about what it is , how it relates to highly organized matter or what its role in life is .
This situation is scandalous !
We have a detailed and very successful framework for matter and for energy but not for the mind - body problem .
This dismal state of affairs might be about to change , however .
The universal lingua franca of our age is information .
We are used to the idea that stock and bond prices , books , photographs , movies , music and our genetic makeup can all be turned into data streams of zeros and ones .
These bits are the elemental atoms of information that are transmitted over an Ethernet cable or via wireless , that are stored , replayed , copied and assembled into gigantic repositories of knowledge .
Information does not depend on the substrate .
The same information can be represented as lines on paper , as electrical charges inside a PC ’s memory banks or as the strength of the synaptic connections among nerve cells .
Since the early days of computers , scholars have argued that the subjective , phenomenal states that make up the life of the mind are intimately linked to the information expressed at that time by the brain .
Yet they have lacked the tools to turn this hunch into a concrete and predictive theory .
Enter psychiatrist and neuroscientist Giulio Tononi of the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
Tononi has developed and refined what he calls the integrated information theory ( IIT ) of consciousness .
An Integrated Theory
IIT is based on two axiomatic pillars .
First , conscious states are highly differentiated ; they are informationally very rich .
You can be conscious of an uncountable number of things : you can watch your son ’s piano recital , for instance ; you can see the flowers in the garden outside or the Gauguin painting on the wall .
Think of all the frames from all the movies you have ever seen or that have ever been filmed or that will be filmed !
Each frame , each view , is a specific conscious percept .
Second , this information is highly integrated .
No matter how hard you try , you cannot force yourself to see the world in black - and - white , nor can you see only the left half of your field of view and not the right .
When you ’re looking at your friend ’s face , you ca n’t fail to also notice if she is crying .
Whatever information you are conscious of is wholly and completely presented to your mind ; it can not be subdivided .
Underlying this unity of consciousness is a multitude of causal interactions among the relevant parts of your brain .
If areas of the brain start to disconnect or become fragmented and balkanized , as occurs in deep sleep or in anesthesia , consciousness fades and might cease altogether .
Consider split - brain patients , whose corpus callosum — the 200 million wires linking the two cortical hemispheres — has been cut to alleviate severe epileptic seizures .
The surgery literally splits the person ’s consciousness in two , with one conscious mind associated with the left hemisphere and seeing the right half of the visual field and the other mind arising from the right hemisphere and seeing the left half of the visual field .
To be conscious , then , you need to be a single , integrated entity with a large repertoire of highly differentiated states .
Although the 60 - gigabyte hard disk on my MacBook exceeds in capacity my lifetime of memories , that information is not integrated .
For example , the family photographs on my Macintosh are not linked to one another .
The computer does not know that the girl in those pictures is my daughter as she matures from a toddler to a lanky teenager and then a graceful adult .
To my Mac , all information is equally meaningless , just a vast , random tapestry of zeros and ones .
Yet I derive meaning from these images because my memories are heavily cross-linked .
And the more interconnected , the more meaningful they become .
Indeed , Tononi ’s IIT postulates that the amount of integrated information that an entity possesses corresponds to its level of consciousness .
These ideas can be precisely expressed in the language of mathematics using notions from information theory such as entropy [ see box on next page ] .
Given a particular brain , with its neurons and axons , dendrites and synapses , one can , in principle , accurately compute the extent to which this brain is integrated .
From this calculation , the theory derives a single number , ( pronounced “ fi ” ) .
Measured in bits , denotes the size of the conscious repertoire associated with any network of causally interacting parts .
Think of as the synergy of the system .
The more integrated the system is , the more synergy it has , the more conscious it is .
If individual brain regions are too isolated from one another or are interconnected at random , will be low .
If the organism has many neurons and is richly endowed with specific connections , will be high — capturing the quantity of consciousness but not the quality of any one conscious experience .
( That value is generated by the informational geometry that is associated with but wo n’t be discussed here . )
Explaining Brain Facts
The theory can account for a number of puzzling observations .
The cerebellum , the “ little brain ” at the back of the brain that contains more neurons than the convoluted cerebral cortex that crowns the organ , has a regular , crystallinelike wiring arrangement .
Thus , its circuit complexity as measured by is low as compared with that of the cerebral cortex .
Indeed , if you lose your cerebellum you will never be a rock climber , pianist or ballet dancer , but your consciousness will not be impaired .
The cortex and its gateway , the thalamus — the quail egg–shaped structure in the center of the brain — on the other hand , are essential for consciousness , providing it with its elaborate content .
Its circuitry conjoins functional specialization with functional integration thanks to extensive reciprocal connections linking distinct cortical regions and the cortex with the thalamus .
This corticothalamic complex is well suited to behave as a single dynamic entity endowed with a large number of discriminable states .
Lose one chunk of a particular cortical area , and you might be unable to perceive motion .
If a different area were lesioned , you would be blind to faces ( yet could see the eyes , hair , mouth and ears ) .
When people are woken from deep sleep , they typically recall experiencing nothing or , at best , only some vague bodily feeling ; this experience contrasts with the highly emotional narratives our brains weave during rapid - eye - movement ( REM ) sleep .
What is paradoxical is that the average firing activity of individual nerve cells does not differ that much in deep sleep and quiet wakefulness .
At the whole system level , though , electroencephalographic electrodes on the skull pick up slow , large and highly synchronized waves during deep sleep .
Because these waves are quite regular , they will disrupt the transfer of specific information among brain cells .
Every day , in tens of thousands of surgical operations , patients ’ consciousness is quickly , safely and transiently turned off and on again with the help of various anesthetic agents .
There is no single mechanism common to all .
The most consistent regional finding is that anesthetics reduce thalamic activity and deactivate mesial ( middle ) and parietal cortical regions .
Twenty years of electrical recording in anesthetized laboratory animals provided ample evidence that many cortical cells , particularly in primary sensory cortical regions , continue to respond selectively during anesthesia .
What appears to be disrupted is large - scale functional integration in the corticothalamic complex .
IIT explains why consciousness requires neither sensory input nor behavioral output , as happens every night during REM sleep , in which a central paralysis prevents the sleeper from acting out her dreams .
All that matters for consciousness is the functional relation among the nerve cells that make up the corticothalamic complex .
Within this integrated dynamic entity can be found the dream of the lotus eater , the mindfulness of the meditating monk , the agony of the cancer patient and the Arcadian visions of your lost childhood home .
Paraphrasing Oscar Wilde , I would say it is the causal interactions within the dynamic core that make the poppy red , the apple odorous and the skylark sing .
Consciousness Is Universal
One unavoidable consequence of IIT is that all systems that are sufficiently integrated and differentiated will have some minimal consciousness associated with them : not only our beloved dogs and cats but also mice , squid , bees and worms .
Indeed , the theory is blind to synapses and to all - or - none pulses of nervous systems .
At least in principle , the incredibly complex molecular interactions within a single cell have nonzero .
In the limit , a single hydrogen ion , a proton made up of three quarks , will have a tiny amount of synergy , of .
In this sense , IIT is a scientific version of panpsychism , the ancient and widespread belief that all matter , all things , animate or not , are conscious to some extent .
Of course , IIT does not downplay the vast gulf that separates the of the common roundworm Caenorhabditis elegans with its 302 nerve cells and the associated with the 20 billion cortical neurons in a human brain .
The theory does not discriminate between squishy brains inside skulls and silicon circuits encased in titanium .
Provided that the causal relations among the transistors and memory elements are complex enough , computers or the billions of personal computers on the Internet will have nonzero .
The size of could even end up being a yardstick for the intelligence of a machine .
Future Challenges
IIT is in its infancy and lacks the graces of a fully developed theory .
A major question that it so far leaves unanswered is , Why should natural selection evolve creatures with high ?
What benefit for the survival of the organism flows from consciousness ?
One answer that I hope for is that intelligence , the ability to assess situations never previously encountered and to rapidly come to an appropriate response , requires integrated information .
Another possible answer , though , could be that high - circuits do not have any special status in terms of their survival .
Just as electrical charge is a fundamental feature of the universe without a function , consciousness might also lack any specific evolutionary role .
It just is .
A second stumbling block with IIT is that is exceedingly difficult to compute even for very small systems .
To accurately evaluate for the roundworm is utterly unfeasible , even if using all of Google ’s more than 100,000 computers .
Can we find other algorithms to more easily compute ?
A third issue to understand is why so much brain processing and so many of our daily behaviors are unconscious .
Do the neural networks that mediate these unconscious , zombielike behaviors have lower than the ones that give rise to consciousness ?
Tononi ’s integrated information theory of consciousness could be completely wrong .
But it challenges us to think deeply about the mind - body problem in a novel , rigorous , and mathematically and empirically minded manner .
And that is a great boon to this endeavor .
If Tononi ’s equation for proves to plumb the hitherto ineffable — consciousness itself — it would validate the ancient Pythagorean belief that “ number is the ruler of forms and ideas and the cause of gods and demons . ”
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " A Theory of Consciousness . "
What makes a good logo ?
A good logo is distinctive , appropriate , practical , graphic , simple in form and conveys an intended message .
There are five principles that you should follow to ensure that this is so …
An effective logo is ( in no particular order ) :
Simple
Memorable
Timeless
Versatile
Appropriate
1. Simple
A simple logo design allows for easy recognition and allows the logo to be versatile & memorable .
Good logos feature something unique without being overdrawn .
While in college in the mid-70 ’s an instructor introduced me to the K.I.S.S. Principle of design ; which translates to : Keep It Simple , Stupid .
It does convey a very important design consideration .
Simple logos are often easily recognized , incredibly memorable and the most effective in conveying the requirements of the client .
A refined and distilled identity will also catch the attention of a viewer zipping by signage at 70 miles per hour , on packaging on the crowded shelves of a store , or in any other vehicle used for advertising , marketing and promotion .
Remember , the basis of the hugely effective international branding for the world ’s largest shoe manufacturer is a very simple graphic swoosh .
~ Jeff Fisher
2. Memorable
Following closely behind the principle of simplicity , is that of memorability .
An effective logo design should be memorable and this is achieved by having a simple , yet , appropriate logo .
You may be interested to see some examples of bad logo designs .
Surprising to many , the subject matter of a logo is of relatively little importance , and even appropriateness of content does not always play a significant role .
This does not imply that appropriateness is undesirable .
It merely indicates that a one - to - one relationship between a symbol and what it symbolized is very often impossible to achieve and , under certain conditions , objectionable .
Ultimately , the only mandate in the design of logos , it seems , is that they be distinctive , memorable , and clear .
~ Paul Rand
3. Timeless
An effective logo should be timeless – that is , it will endure the ages .
Will the logo still be effective in 10 , 20 , 50 years ?
Leave trends to the fashion industry – Trends come and go , and when you ’re talking about changing a pair of jeans , or buying a new dress , that ’s fine , but where your brand identity is concerned , longevity is key .
Do n’t follow the pack .
Stand out .
~ David Airey
Probably the best example of a timeless logo is the Coca - Cola logo … if you compare it to the Pepsi logo below , you can see just how effective creating a timeless logo can be .
Notice how the Coca Cola logo has barely changed since 1885 ?
That is timeless design .
Update : 8/08/09 – Underconsideration has posted an updated timeline of the Pepsi vs CocaCola logo .
Thanks for the tip off Jon .
4. Versatile
An effective logo should be able to work across a variety of mediums and applications .
The logo should be functional .
For this reason a logo should be designed in vector format , to ensure that it can be scaled to any size .
The logo should be able to work both in horizontal and vertical formats .
Ask yourself ; is a logo still effective if :
Printed in one colour ?
Printed on the something the size of a postage stamp ?
Printed on something as large as a billboard ?
Printed in reverse ( ie. light logo on dark background )
One way around creating a versatile logo is to begin designing in black and white only .
This allows one to focus on the concept and shape , rather than the subjective nature of colour .
One must also remember printing costs – the more colors used , the more expensive it will be for the business over the long term .
I like to work first in black and white to ensure that the logo will look good in its simplest form .
Color is very subjective and emotional .
This can distract from the overall design – say if you saw your logo in all red , that color may be the first thing that you respond to and not the composition of the design elements .
I will not even consider submitting color suggestions to a client for review until they have signed off on a final black and white logo .
~ Patrick Winfield
One should also familiarise themself with the commercial printing process so as not to come into printing problems further down the track .
Learn to know the difference between the CMYK , Pantone and RGB color systems .
When designing logos , the Pantone colour system is recommended .
5. Appropriate
How you position the logo should be appropriate for its intended purpose .
For example , if you are designing a logo for children ’s toys store , it would be appropriate to use a childish font & colour scheme .
This would not be so appropriate for a law firm .
It is also important to state that that a logo does n’t need to show what a business sells or offers as a service .
ie .
Car logos do n’t need to show cars , computer logos do n’t need to show computers .
The Harley Davidson logo is n’t a motorcycle , nor is the Nokia logo a mobile phone .
A logo is purely for identification .
For further evidence of this , take the top 50 brands of the world – 94 % of the logos do not describe what the company does .
Paul Rand also has a say on this topic :
Should a logo be self - explanatory ?
It is only by association with a product , a service , a business , or a corporation that a logo takes on any real meaning .
A logo derives its meaning and usefulness from the quality of that which it symbolizes .
If a company is second rate , the logo will eventually be perceived as second rate .
It is foolhardy to believe that a logo will do its job immediately , before an audience has been properly conditioned .
~ Paul Rand
What makes a great logo in your opinion ?
See here for what makes a good brand ?
Recommended logo design resources :
The Ultimate List of Logo Design Resources
Top 10 Logo Design Inspiration Galleries
For the extended version of this article visit Smashing Magazine : “ Vital Tips for Effective Logo Design ” .
DETROIT ( CNNMoney.com ) --
On a side street in an old industrial neighborhood , a delivery man stacks a dolly of goods outside a store .
Ten feet away stands another man clad in military fatigues , combat boots and what appears to be a flak jacket .
He looks straight out of Baghdad .
But this is n't Iraq .
It 's southeast Detroit , and he 's there to guard the groceries .
" No pictures , put the camera down , " he yells .
My companion and I , on a tour of how people in this city are using urban farms to grow their own food , speed off .
In this recession - racked town , the lack of food is a serious problem .
It 's a theme that comes up again and again in conversations in Detroit .
There is n't a single major non-discount chain supermarket in the city , forcing residents to buy food from corner stores or discount chains .
Often less healthy , less varied , or more expensive food .
As the area 's economy worsens -- unemployment was over 16 % in July -- food stamp applications and pantry visits have surged .
Detroiters have responded to this crisis .
Huge amounts of vacant land has led to a resurgence in urban farming .
Volunteers at local food pantries have also increased .
But the food crunch is intensifying , and spreading to people not used to dealing with hunger .
As middle class workers lose their jobs , the same folks that used to donate to soup kitchens and pantries have become their fastest growing set of recipients .
" We 've seen about a third more people than before , " said Jean Hagopian , a volunteer at the New Life food pantry , part of the New Life Assembly of God church in Roseville , a suburb some 20 miles northeast of Detroit .
Hagopian said many of the new people seeking assistance are men , former breadwinners now in desperate need of a food basket .
Hagopian is an 83 - year old retired school teacher .
She works at the pantry four days a week , spending two of those days driving her own minivan around town collecting food from local distributors .
The pantry , housed in the church basement , gives away boxes of food that might feed a family of four for a week .
It includes dry and packaged goods like cereals and pasta , peanut butter , canned fruits and vegetables , 7 or 8 pounds of frozen meat ( usually chicken or hot dogs ) , and eight pan pizzas donated from a local Pizza Hut .
Most of the other food is purchased from a distributor or donated by the county food program .
Last month they gave out 519 boxes .
Hagopian hopes the demand for food does n't get much worse .
" I hope we 're at the top of it because we 'll run out of food , and then we 'll have to go out and find some more , " she said .
She should brace for the worst .
Across metro Detroit , social service agencies are reporting a huge spike in demand for food assistance .
Gleaners , an agency that distributes excess food donated from food processors , says their distribution is up 18 % from last year .
Michigan Department of Human Services , which handles federal food assistance like food stamps , WIC checks and such , has seen a 14 % spike in applications since October .
Calls to the United Way 's help line have tripled in the last year .
" Given the resources , we could double our numbers , " said Frank Kubik , food program manager for Focus : Hope , a Detroit aid organization that fed 41,000 mostly elderly people last year .
Kubik said his program is restricted by charter and budget from serving more than its current number of clients .
But if that were changed , he could certainly serve up more meals .
" There 's no doubt about it , there 's just so many out there that are really struggling right now , " he said .
The changing face of hunger
There have been plenty of people struggling in Detroit for a long time .
What makes this recession different is the type of people coming in .
It 's no longer just the homeless , or the really poor .
Now it 's middle class folks who lost their $ 60,000 - a- year auto job , or home owners who got caught on the wrong side of the real estate bubble .
Many of these people have never navigated the public assistance bureaucracy before , and that makes getting aid to them a challenge .
" They have no idea where the DHS office is , " said DeWayne Wells , president of Gleaners , the food distributor .
To assist these newly hungry , Wells pointed to the United Way 's 211 program , where people can call the hotline and speak to an operator that guides them through a wide range of available social services .
The Michigan Department of Human Services is going digital , rolling out a program where people can apply for food stamps via the Web .
That may help ease another challenge in getting aid to the middle class : pride .
Many people feel so bad about having to ask for help that they just do n't , or they have issues with it once they do .
" They 'll say things like ' I 've never had to do this before ' and they feel a little uncomfortable , " said Hagopian , the retired school teacher .
But she says times have changed , the good union jobs are disappearing and it's harder and harder to find work .
" I just tell them society is not what it used to be , " she said .
Detroit responds
Actually running out of food does n't seem to be a problem , so far .
In fact , because more people are being affected the response seems to be greater .
" A few years ago it was someone you saw a profile of on TV , " said Wells .
" Now it 's your brother in - law , or the people your kid plays soccer with . "
Wells said volunteers are up at Gleaners , as is general community awareness .
The Feds have helped too .
Food stamp allowances were increased 14 % nationwide under the stimulus plan .
Detroiters are also helping themselves in smaller ways .
Thanks to the dearth of big supermarkets in Detroit proper - a phenomenon largely attributed to lack of people - and plenty of vacant land , community gardening has caught on big .
It 's not so much that these gardens are going to feed the city , although they certainly help .
It 's more that they can be used to teach people , especially children , the value of eating right .
" I use vegetables every day , " said one child at an after school gardening program run by Earthworks Urban Farm , near the heart of the city .
" Last night , an onion I picked from here , I had in my potatoes . "
Hearing that is good news to people like Dan Carmody , president of Eastern Market Corp. , a century - old public market selling fresh produce and other foodstuffs near downtown Detroit .
Carmody is part of a group of people trying to bring healthy food to town .
The efforts include setting up mobile produce stands around the city , working with convenience store owns to stock better produce , and trying to set up a program that allows food stamp recipients to spend twice as much money if they buy from a local farmer .
He says the food situation in Detroit is particularly depressing because the surrounding areas are chock full with some of the best eats around : Michigan grows some of the most varied crops in the nation , everything from apples and cantaloupes to peaches and watermelon .
Windsor , just across the bridge , is the hydroponics capital of Canada .
Artisan Amish farms are also close by in Ohio and Pennsylvania .
Getting this food to Detroit , and getting Detroiters to buy it is the challenge .
That 's where the urban farms come in .
" Once kids start seeing where their food comes from , " he said , " it changes the whole approach to how they eat . "
After four vodka tonics , you might feel determined to conquer fear and finally tell your married co-worker that you 've been in love with her for years .
But the next morning , not so much .
It may seem obvious to most of us that drunken promises do n't mean much , but apparently two German researchers were n't so sure .
Using 60 undergrads as guinea pigs , they designed a randomized control trial to test the effects of alcohol on a person 's commitment to unrealistic goals .
" People may indicate being determined to reach their goals after having consumed alcohol , " wrote the researchers in the August edition of the Journal of Abnormal Psychology , " but once sober again , they do not walk the talk . "
After asking participants about their most - important personal goals , the researchers gave half the students vodka tonics and the other half plain tonic water with lime .
To separate the true effects of alcohol from the psychological effects of thinking you 're intoxicated , the researchers went to great lengths to convince the entire group that they'd be sipping spirits , including sneakily smearing all the glasses with alcohol and pouring decarbonated tonic water out of a vodka bottle .
They must have done a pretty good job , as only two people from the placebo group realized they 'd been duped ( and one tolerant drinker in the vodka group thought he'd been tricked , too ) .
After four drinks , both groups were asked to rate their commitment level to a specific goal .
Not surprisingly , inebriated students expressed strong commitment to their deepest desires , whether it was to hook up with a new friend or fly to France to visit a relative .
But unlike sober participants , the drinking group did n't lower their commitment level just because a goal was unrealistic .
" Intoxicated participants ' lack of considering their expectations particularly played out when chances to attain the goals were grim , " wrote researchers .
" In light of low expectations , participants in the alcohol condition felt more committed to their goals than did participants in the placebo condition , whereas in light of high expectations , commitment did not differ between conditions . "
In other words , drunk people ignore reality and think they can do just about anything , a condition scientists have aptly labeled " alcohol myopia . "
Unfortunately , drunken courage did n't translate into sober certitude .
In a second , similar study , the researchers followed participants for three weeks after the experiment .
Among the sober crew , the strength of a person 's commitment predicted how many steps they would take to achieve their goal in the following weeks .
But among those who had been drinking , commitment did n't correlate with future action .
The researchers say their results can help explain why people who do n't have high hopes for success are more likely to abuse alcohol .
The study also helps clarify why weekend revelry never leads to dogged concentration on Monday morning .
Or maybe that 's the hangover .
Via Mind Hacks .
Image 1 : Flickr / Jeremy Brooks .
Image 2 : Figure 1 from Sevincer and Oettingen , " Alcohol Breeds Empty Goal Commitments , " Journal of Abnormal Psychology , Vol. 188 ( 3 ) , 623-633 , August 2009 .
Reprinted with permission from the American Psychological Association .
See Also :
The idea that primitive hunter - gatherers lived in harmony with the landscape has long been challenged by researchers , who say Stone Age humans in fact wiped out many animal species in places as varied as the mountains of New Zealand and the plains of North America .
Now scientists are proposing a new arena of ancient depredation : the coast .
In an article in Friday ’s issue of the journal Science , anthropologists at the Smithsonian Institution and the University of Oregon cite evidence of sometimes serious damage by early inhabitants along the coasts of the Aleutian Islands , New England , the Gulf of Mexico , South Africa and California ’s Channel Islands , where the researchers do fieldwork .
“ Human influence is pretty pervasive , ” one of the authors , Torben C. Rick of the National Museum of Natural History , part of the Smithsonian Institution , said in an interview .
“ Hunter - gatherers with fairly simple technology were actively degrading some marine ecosystems ” tens of thousands of years ago .
And , the researchers say , unless people understand how much coastal landscapes changed even before the advent of modern coastal development , efforts to preserve or restore important habitats may fail .
Sister Entities to Share Employees , Money
>
In what some on Wall Street are calling the biggest blockbuster deal in the history of the financial sector , Goldman Sachs confirmed today that it was in talks to acquire the U.S. Department of the Treasury .
According to Goldman spokesperson Jonathan Hestron , the merger between Goldman and the Treasury Department is “ a good fit ” because “ they ’re in the business of printing money and so are we . ”
The Goldman spokesman said that the merger would create efficiencies for both entities : “ We already have so many employees and so much money flowing back and forth , this would just streamline things . ”
Mr. Hestron said the only challenge facing Goldman in completing the merger “ is trying to figure out which parts of the Treasury Dept. we do n’t already own . ”
Goldman recently celebrated record earnings by roasting a suckling pig over a bonfire of hundred - dollar bills .
Elsewhere , conspiracy theorists celebrated the 40th anniversary of NASA faking the moon landing .
And in South Carolina , Gov. Mark Sanford gave his wife a new diamond ring , while his wife gave him an electronic ankle bracelet .
– Borowitz Report
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Australia ’s government struck agreement with opponents on Wednesday for 20 percent of the country ’s energy to come from renewable sources by 2020 , unlocking a $ 22 billion investment rush and reviving hopes of a later emissions trade deal .
In a peace offering in its row with the government over climate - change policy , the conservative opposition controlling the largest Senate vote bloc said it had reached agreement with Climate Minister Penny Wong after days of negotiations .
“ Today ’s decision is a victory for common sense , it ’s a victory for the environment and it ’s a victory for renewable energy , ” conservative environment spokesman Greg Hunt told reporters after striking the deal .
While the Senate will not formally vote until Thursday on the deal , the agreement raised hopes of a follow - on in November when controversial emissions trade laws will return to parliament , where they were rejected by the Senate last week .
“ I urge those opposite who have become supporters of renewable energy in recent times to join the bigger fight , the bigger fight against climate change , and I urge them to support when the government next presents the carbon pollution reduction scheme , ” Wong told senators .
The conservatives joined with Greens and independent senators to block the emissions trade scheme , which aims to cut carbon emissions by between 5 and 25 percent by 2020 , warning of its impact on jobs , the economy and the environment .
Rudd could have the option of calling a snap election if the Senate rejects the emissions laws a second time ..
Kim Beazley , a long - time former leader of Rudd ’s center - left Labor in opposition , said earlier on Wednesday that he had no doubt an early poll was in the offing if the emissions impasse continued ahead of scheduled elections late next year .
“ Kevin Rudd does not want an early election .
I think at the end of the day he ’ll have to have one , ” Beazley told local television .
20 PERCENT OF ENERGY
The renewable laws will come into effect on January 1 next year and target production of 45,000 gigawatt hours of clean energy , or 20 percent of Australian energy , over the next decade .
Electricity retailers will have to offer renewable power .
The target matches one set by the European Union two years ago and which the European Commission hopes will create 2.8 million new jobs and boost European GDP .
Renewable wind , solar , hydro and geothermal energy currently account for only 5 percent of Australian power consumption .
Clean energy firms estimated renewable target delays were costing A $ 2 million $ 1.65 million ) a week due to stalled investment .
Companies with exposure to wind projects include Transfield Services Infrastructure and Viridis Clean Energy , while AGL Energy and Orgin Energy have prioritized renewable energy .
Wong announced compensation for electricity intensive exporters , such as aluminum smelters Alcoa Inc. , Alumina Ltd and Hydro Aluminum , and said emissions scheme buffers would be copied to renewables .
The interim arrangements would cover industries until the more controversial carbon emissions trade laws , and associated compensation schemes , were passed or rejected by the parliament sometime after November 16 .
Hunt said the conservatives agreed to the renewable laws after extracting more effective compensation promises for the aluminum , silicon and newsprint industries , as well as a lifeline for food processors previously left out of assistance .
They also convinced the government to classify coal seam methane gas -- a coal mining waste product -- as a renewable energy source in a transitional measure that Wong said would not count toward the 20 percent renewable target .
“ Even the Mad Hatter could never have imagined a world in which fossil fuels are actually renewable energy sources , ” environment group Greenpeace said of the methane inclusion .
Green senators controlling five key swing votes failed with a bid to have the planned 20 percent target lifted to 30 percent , outnumbered by the government - opposition alliance .
“ It ’s a sad day when what should have been a celebration for renewable energy in Australia turns into another field day for polluters , ” Greens Deputy Leader Christine Milne said .
( $ 1=1.210 Australian Dollars )
We let old grudges be and made this comic for you even though Wes crashed a helicopter into Tony while he was swimming in the calm blue waters of Liberty City .
NEW DELHI -- India expects 1 trillion rupees ( $ 21 billion ) of investments over a five - year period ending March 2012 for renewable - power generation , the chairman of Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Ltd. said Monday .
" An investment of 150 billion rupees has already been made in the first two years of the five - year plan period that runs from April 1 , 2007 to March 31 , 2012 , " Debashish Majumdar told reporters .
India ...
It ’s early Saturday evening and you ’re relaxing on your back patio .
The ivy - covered pergola is providing just the right amount of shade from the setting sun .
As you recline in your Adirondack chair , your eyes are naturally drawn to the small pond at the edge of the patio .
The sun has now set enough that the garden lights have come on , creating a dance of highlights and reflections .
The sound of the waterfall splashing into the pond is almost hypnotic .
What ?
You do n’t have a backyard pond ?
Then here is a general guide to planning and installing your own backyard water feature .
Planning your pond before you break ground is the most important part of the project .
I learned the hard way , over several projects , that proper planning of a water feature is imperative .
Some of the things you will need to consider are available space and desired size of the pond , it ’s depth , water plants , fish keeping , surrounding landscaping , fountains and waterfalls and lighting .
Here are a few tips on some of these subjects I have learned in building my own water features .
When planning the space for the pond , allow 2 – 3 feet more than the diameter of the pond itself .
If you intend on having fish , like Coy , in your pond and you live in an area that experiences below freezing temperatures in the winter , the fish will do just fine as long as they have at least 3 feet of water and the pond continues to be oxygenated .
Some water plants come in submersible containers , so plan for ledges inside the pond to accommodate such plants .
After you have planned out your backyard pond , you will now want to go look at materials and make some final design decisions .
The two most popular materials to create the pond basin with is concrete and vinyl / rubber membrane and for smaller ponds there are plastic inserts .
Concrete though , has a tendency to crack and it requires a periodic sealer be applied .
The membrane , or pond liner , is quite durable and easy to install and is my recommended material .
Hint : when buying pond liner , spend extra for the thicker liner .
If you are going for a smaller pond , the plastic insert may be a better option for you .
You will also want to look at stone , bricks , timbers and other materials you will want to incorporate into your water feature .
Go to your local nursery and see what kinds of plants are available for your pond .
They will probably have fish for sale as well .
Shop around for lighting .
There is a wide variety of lighting types for outdoor use , including solar powered .
The pump and filter system needs to be thought out as well .
If you are going to have a waterfall included , the pump will need to move up some elevation .
There are pumps that are designed specifically for waterfalls and are rated by gallons pumped per minute at various elevations .
Filtration systems can be purchased , but to save some money , you can build your own easy enough as well .
Plans abound with a Google search for pond filters .
When breaking ground on your backyard pond , have a place to put the soil you will be digging up .
You may use all or part of it in the landscaping of the project , the rest can go into dips or ruts elsewhere in your yard to level things out .
Excavate the pond basin and do any landscape grading at the same time , before you install any materials .
The first material you will install will be the pond liner .
After the liner is in place , start work from the ponds edge and work outward and upward from there .
Try to install lighting as you plant foliage around your pond .
It will help to keep from damaging plants by installing lights afterwards and you can make minor adjustments of light and plant placement to maximize effect .
If you are installing a waterfall , make sure you have a membrane lining behind / under the rocks or whatever your waterfall is made of .
Remember that the water will not always fall the way you think it will .
You will have to play around with this to get the water to fall the way you want .
There are a number of specific issues surrounding the installation of a backyard water garden that have n’t been addressed in this article .
But , you should have enough information now to get an idea of what ’s involved in taking on a project like this .
A British embassy employee is to stand trial in Tehran for " acting against national security " — a dramatic escalation in Iran 's campaign to blame Britain for protests against disputed election results .
The man , a 44 - year - old Iranian who is the British embassy 's chief political analyst , was arrested on Saturday and has been formally charged at Tehran 's Evin Prison , his lawyer , Abdolsamad Khorramshahi , said .
" Apparently he will be put on trial .
We have prepared and submitted the defence documents and I have to see the judge next week . "
It was is not clear whether any other embassy staff will face prosecution .
A senior cleric claimed that some had " confessed " to playing a role in the protest movement .
The staging of political trials is likely to lead to a breach in relations not only with Britain , but also with the European Union .
Iranian ambassadors were summoned to foreign ministries in capitals across Europe in a coordinated rebuke .
The analyst is one of two Iranian staff of the British embassy still being held for allegedly playing a role in the protests that followed the official victory in last month 's presidential elections of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Seven other staff members have been released from detention in recent days but warned they could face further legal proceedings .
Earlier in the day Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati , head of a highly influential body of clerics , the Guardian Council , claimed that some embassy employees had " confessed " to playing a role in post-election demonstrations , and would be prosecuted .
The cleric is close to Iran 's Supreme Leader but he is not in charge of the judiciary , so British officials insist that trials were still not inevitable even though charges had been laid .
" Acting against national security " is a vague charge often brought against political activists and is not known to carry any fixed sentence .
The charge was levelled against three US - Iranian academics detained in 2007 while visiting Iran .
All three were subsequently released .
The foreign secretary , David Miliband , said : " We are confident that our staff have not engaged in any improper or illegal behaviour . "
Miliband added that Britain was " deeply concerned " about the fate of the two embassy staff .
However , their plight presents British officials with a dilemma .
If they provide too much overt help it will strengthen Tehran 's depiction of them as " foreign agents " .
Britain withdrew a request for European states to pull ambassadors from Tehran after the Iranian government released some embassy staff on Wednesday , but London is likely to look for stronger action if the trials proceed .
European officials at meetings at Stockholm and Brussels said the option of withdrawing ambassadors remained on the table .
The Europeans also discussed the possible penalty of blacklisting regime officials by temporarily blocking visa applications to travel to the EU .
" We view this not just as an attack on Britain , but as an attack on the entire European Union , " said a European official .
Carl Bildt , the foreign minister of Sweden , which took over the EU presidency this week , said it was not acceptable to file charges against British embassy staff .
But the threat of charges being pressed against embassy employees , followed by trials , looked calculated to call Europe 's bluff and to gauge how the EU might respond .
" Our solidarity … is total .
Now it is up to the British to tell us what they need , " said the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy .
" France has always wanted to strengthen the sanctions so that the Iranian leaders really understand that the path they have chosen will be a dead end . "
France has taken a tough line on the nuclear dispute with Iran over the last six years , while Germany and Italy , with billions of euros in trade at stake with Iran , have been less keen on sanctions .
Today 's meeting in Brussels agreed on a common protest to the ambassadors .
Officials said the crisis could be taken to a summit of G8 leaders in Italy next week , although the Italians are seen as the least supportive of strong action against Iran .
JULY 24 -- The 19 - year - old Floridian who kicks off this week 's mug shot roundup was arrested June 24 for auto theft .
Subsequent to that bust , he added a Sunshine State tattoo to his face .
That may have been an unfortunate ink choice , since he was nabbed Sunday on robbery and home invasion charges after his alleged victims told cops about distinctive art on the perp 's kisser .
As for the other suspects , a couple of notes : 1 ) The formal - looking felon on page # 2 was photographed this week after being sentenced for carrying on an illicit sexual relationship with a 16 - year - old boy ; and 2 ) Bill Cosby can't be happy with the gent on page # 6 .
The Texan , 24 , was popped Tuesday on several charges , including speeding and failure to appear for a court date .
( 15 pages )
As has been widely reported , the National Portrait Gallery of London ( NPG ) recently sent a legal threat to an American Wikipedian , Derrick Coetzee , over his posting approximately 3,000 photos of public domain paintings to Wikipedia .
Because of the importance of this issue for the public domain and the Internet generally , EFF has taken Mr. Coetzee as a client .
Here 's the issue at the heart of this dispute : does something have to be in the public domain in every country on the planet before it can be posted to the Internet anywhere ?
According to NPG , Mr. Coetzee copied digital photos from NPG 's website and uploaded them to Wikipedia ( where they are still available ) .
Everyone agrees that the photographs are of public domain paintings in NPG 's collection ( e.g. , this portrait of William Blake painted in 1807 ) .
It 's also clear under U.S. law that simple reproductions of public domain paintings are themselves not copyrightable , since they lack any " originality " beyond the " sweat of the brow " of the photographer .
NPG 's lawyers argue that the rule is different under UK copyright law ( although there is reason to doubt that it's as clear as NPG suggests ) and that Mr. Coetzee is therefore a copyright infringer .
NPG also makes several other claims , including that Mr. Coetzee has violated their website 's " browsewrap " terms of use , that he violated the NPG 's database right by extracting the images from their website , and that he has circumvented a technological measure ( apparently Zoomify , which is no longer used on NPG's website ) in violation of the UK 's version of the DMCA .
As we explained to NPG in a letter sent on July 20 , it 's quite clear under U.S. law that Mr. Coetzee did nothing wrong -- as far as U.S. law is concerned , the photos are not copyrightable , the NPG website 's " browsewrap " contract is unenforceable , there is no " database right , " and using Zoomify on public domain images does n't get you a DMCA claim .
It 's also clear that everything he 's alleged to have done took place on his computer and Wikipedia 's computers , none of which are in the UK .
In the offline world , that would certainly be the end of the matter .
If Mr. Coetzee had flown to London , purchased posters of the same paintings at the museum store , brought them home , and started making copies for his friends , it 's clear he would be well within his rights in doing so .
Why should the answer be different simply because he posted the photos to Wikipedia ?
NPG seems to think that UK law should apply everywhere on the Internet .
If that 's right , then the same could be said for other , more restrictive copyright laws , as well ( see , e.g. , Mexico 's copyright term of life of the author plus 100 years and France 's copyright over fashion designs ) .
That would leave the online world at the mercy of the worst that foreign copyright laws have to offer , an outcome no U.S. court has ever endorsed .
The American Civil Liberties Union is suing the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) 's Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) unit for information on its policies related to searches of laptops and other electronic devices at U.S. borders .
The lawsuit was filed today under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York .
In it , the ACLU asks the court to direct CBP to disclose records relating to the criteria it uses for selecting passengers for such searches , and the number of such searches it has carried out so far .
The lawsuit also seeks information on the number of devices and documents that have been retained by the DHS unit following such searches and the reasons for their retention .
The lawsuit stems from the Customs and Border Patrol 's failure to respond to a FOIA request in which the ACLU had sought the same information in June , said Larry Schwartztol , an attorney for the civil rights group .
The information is needed to understand how the agency has been implementing the policies it made public in July 2008 regarding searches of laptops , PDAs and other devices at U.S. borders , he said .
" We have serious concerns about the border searches as stated [ by customs ] , " Schwartztol said .
" We think the privacy impacts of searching a laptop without any suspicion are very serious . "
The issue of laptop searches at U.S. borders has been a contentious one for some time now .
The government has argued that customs agents at U.S. borders have the right to search through the contents of laptops , PDAs , digital cameras and other electronic devices belonging to passengers arriving at U.S borders .
The agency has asserted its right to conduct such searches and even download or copy the contents on such devices , even in the absence of any reasonable cause or suspicion .
Civil liberties groups , privacy advocates and others have called such searches an egregious violation of privacy and constitutional rights .
Groups such as the Association of Corporate Travel Executives , and others , have warned of potential security breaches when corporate data contained in a laptop or PDA is downloaded by a customs agent as part of a border search .
Similar concerns have been raised about data involving client and lawyer privileges , intellectual property and other sensitive information .
The courts have appeared somewhat conflicted on the issue .
In one instance , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld the right of customs officials to conduct suspicion - less searches at U.S. borders .
The case involved a man charged with transporting images of child pornography after such a border search .
The April 2008 ruling by the appellate court reversed an decision by the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California , which had held that border agents needed at least some reasonable suspicion before conducting such searches .
Today 's lawsuit is not the first time the DHS has been pressed for more information on its policies relating to border laptop searches .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and the Asian Law Caucus had filed a similar FOIA lawsuit in February 2008 , in which they had sought similar data from the CBP .
In response to that lawsuit , the CBP released about 600 pages worth of information on its policies relating to border laptop searches , said Marcia Hoffman , an attorney for EFF .
( The documents are available on EFF 's site . )
" It gave us some insight into their policies and procedures around border searches , " Hoffman said .
What the documents showed was that until fairly recently DHS had not thought about how policies covering other forms of searches applied to digital information , she said .
Following the EFF and Asian Law Caucus lawsuit , the CBP also published a formal note describing its policy regarding border searches .
The ACLU lawsuit seeks to gather information on the implementation of that policy , Schwartztol said .
" We are particularly interested in seeing how CBP agents are deciding which travelers to subject to such suspicion - less searches , " he said .
" We want to see what happens when they encounter sensitive material , or material that would be subject to lawyer client privileges . "
He said that the ACLU has heard anecdotal reports from several passengers who had been subject to such searches .
Some had data copied from their devices while others had reported their devices being taken away without explanation sometimes for months , Schwarztol said .
Release is taking legal action against the British Transport Police ( BTP ) to determine if the use of sniffer dogs to detect drugs is lawful .
If we are successful , the case will require the police to stop using sniffer dogs for this purpose .
The case was sparked by an incident in which Release 's executive director , Sebastian Saville was searched last year by the BTP at Camden Town underground station following a positive indication by a sniffer dog .
Saville had no illegal drugs in his possession .
Release argue that Saville was unlawfully searched and detained , and that these actions constituted a breach of Saville 's fundamental human rights of freedom of movement and respect for private life , as well as constituting a trespass to his person .
These kind of civil liberties are what distinguish our own society from the authoritarian and repressive ones that we loathe and fear .
Adhering to the principle that the police are here to serve and protect the public requires our police forces to tread a fine line , and sometimes this line is crossed .
The use of sniffer dogs to identify people carrying drugs as they make their way through London 's transport system is not only wrong in principle , but it is also ineffective in practice .
Australian research has found that in 74 % of searches following an indication by a police dog no drugs were found .
No equivalent comprehensive research has been conducted in the UK ; however preliminary inquiries via freedom of information requests indicate that the deployment of police dogs here produces similarl results .
During Operation Shelter , conducted by the British Transport Police during Latitude festival in Ipswich in 2008 , only 12 % of searches conducted as a result of " tells " by police dogs located illegal drugs .
Sniffer dogs are not about catching drug dealers .
The dogs lack the sophistication to distinguish between someone who has been in contact with drugs and someone who 's actually carrying them , let alone to determine what kind of quantity that person is carrying , and what they intend to do with it .
Mr Hot Shot Dealer does not travel the tube with his stash .
These dogs are not used to protect the public .
They can not be compared to metal detectors or dogs trained to identify bombs or knives , since drugs are not used as a weapon against the public .
So the argument that the ends justify the means – used to defend searching thousands of visitors entering a venue on the grounds of protecting the public from an act of violence – cannot apply in the context of personal possession of drugs .
The possession of certain substances is an offence , but the manner in which the police uphold the law must be proportional to the offence committed and the outcomes their methods achieve .
In the case of sniffer dogs , neither of these principles is satisfied .
More than a third of adults in England and Wales have used illicit drugs .
More than 1 million use class A drugs every year .
Catching individuals carrying a small quantity of drugs has no impact on these numbers .
A sniffer dog operation in Cheshire recently saw the detention at a police station of 58 people , of which only four of them were in possession of drugs .
This is roughly the same as arresting half the adult population of England just to identify the million or so class A drug users .
Article 8 of the European convention on human rights protects people 's right to privacy – their right to be free from unwarranted interference by the state .
This is a principle worth defending and is the basis of Release 's case against the BTP .
The use of sniffer dogs has never been debated by parliament and there is no legislation permitting their use .
The only regulation comes from guidance issued by the Association of Chief Police Officers and until someone challenges and scrutinise their use the police will continue to utilise sniffer dogs .
Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 gives a police officer who has reasonable grounds for believing that a person may have illegal drugs on them , permission to search that person and , if necessary , detain them for that purpose .
So the question remains , does an indication by a sniffer dog give police those reasonable grounds ?
Release 's case against the British Transport Police will be heard at the high court later this year , and it will be up to the judges to decide .
Sunday , May 10 , 2009
I 've been trying to get better at throwing away code .
I used to be a packrat .
I saved every receipt , every bill , every check , every bank statement , every page of notes I took in class , every textbook , and so on .
Eventually I started letting go of most of these things .
Class notes were the hardest though .
I had put so much effort into them ; how I could throw them out ?
I realized that I was making the same mistake that I make with market prices .
I expect prices to reflect the cost of making the item .
But in many cases , prices reflect what it 's worth to the buyer .
In this case , I was saving my notes because they cost a lot to produce .
But they do n't have much value to me in terms of looking things up .
I have n't used them in over ten years , and Wikipedia and other online sources are better references .
So I finally threw away my class notes .
I find that I have the same problem with code .
It takes effort to write , so I feel like I should save it .
But sometimes it 's the wrong code or it 's solving the wrong problem .
There are times when the best thing to do is to throw it away .
To make it easier to throw away code , I 'm trying to reduce the cost of producing it , especially when I 'm less sure about how long I 'll need it or whether it 's the right way to go .
This is not only helpful for me psychologically , but I think it 's the right thing to do engineering - wise .
Note that this is the opposite of the conventional wisdom — that you should put lots of effort up front into “ doing things right ” , because it 'll pay off later .
Keeping costs down recently paid off for me .
While playing Transport Tycoon a few weeks ago , I was thinking about modular airports , and how it related to my transportation mini - game that 's on indefinite hold .
I 'm not working on any games right now , but instead working on little bits and pieces that might end up being part of a game .
Or at the very least I 'll learn a lot by working on these components .
One of the open questions I 've had when thinking about a transportation game is how I should represent roads and vehicles ( or rails and trains ) .
I sketched some ideas on paper , and then decided on a representation of road segments :
public class
Path { public var id : int ; public var next : int ; // index //
Positions are in world coordinates , not Flash coordinates public var beginPosition : Point ; public var beginOrientation : Point ; public var endPosition : Point ; public var endOrientation : Point ; public var length : Number ; public function Path ( id_:int ) { id = id _ ; } }
I then set up some test segments and made vehicles go around on them :
I had convinced myself that inside an airport or container port , the vehicles could move around in loops , and that would be sufficient for a game .
Even if I needed branching , I could change my Path class from having a single next pointer to multiple next pointers .
I was quite happy with the vehicle and road representation .
I had a coordinate system that allowed vehicles to detect if someone 's in front of them , and to slowly come to a stop before they collided .
By using a loop I had eliminated the problem of start and end points .
A few days later I tried sketching out what the player would do .
It turned out that there was n't much .
I spent some time thinking about why Transport Tycoon 's station management was interesting , and my prototype was not , and realized that what 's interesting is updating the station over time to deal with changes in the game world .
If players spent most of their time on updates rather than initial design , the road should n't be a loop .
It should support adding temporary routes , closing existing routes , demolishing routes , building new routes , and so on .
Those operations work better with a completely different representation of roads .
And that meant I should throw away my representation and associated code ( rendering , etc. ) .
If you look at the class I wrote , it 's trivial .
Everything 's public .
There are no getters and setters , no methods , a trivial constructor , and no tests .
I tried hard to follow YouArentGonnaNeedIt and DoTheSimplestThingThatCouldPossiblyWork .
Throwing it away is easy , because there 's so little work put into it .
Having the old version saved in version control helps me feel okay with removing the code in the current version .
Although I 'm throwing away code , there are some ideas I 'm keeping .
I learned some things , and the first approach is what got me thinking about the new approach .
The process was valuable , even if the code was not .
And I 've started working on the next approach , which I 'll try to keep as simple as the first one .
I still have a packrat instinct , but I 'm working on conquering it .
Labels : programming
On a recent trip to Albany NY , I was taken to a local Brew Pub , Brown ’s Brewing Company in Troy NY .
This brewpub over looks the “ scenic ” Hudson River in a part of Troy that looks to be going through a face lift .
Right off the bat there were some things I liked about this Brew Pub , easy parking and some classical warehouse / factory architecture .
Brown ’s is located inside a huge brick building .
To greet you after a walk up a flight of stairs to the outside patio , are 5 pots of Willamette Hops .
These look to be for show , but it is still nice to see .
The pub has , patio , bar and upstairs dinning seating , making for a very spacious place .
Unfortunately the outside seating is pretty limited when thunderstorms are threatening , but nonetheless our party of 6 waited about 20 + minutes for patio seating .
While we were waiting it gave me a good opportunity to explore the Pub .
Brown ’s seems to brew a fair amount of beer ranging from your typical popular American styles to specialty beer .
As I do with brewpubs I ’m visiting for the first time , I ask what the “ house ” beer is and what are their popular styles .
The bartender told me the Pale Ale was the flagship beer and the Cherry Raspberry Ale and Pale Ale were the two most popular .
Knowing what the favorites are I order a flight of ALL their beer on tap , which was 9 beers .
They were out of their normal Hefe - weizen or it would have been 10 .
I always find it interesting how flights of beer are organized and the order in which I should drink them .
Tonight was no different .
My suggested drinking order was Brown ale , Pale Ale , Oatmeal Stout , Cherry Raspberry Ale , Porter , Pilsner , ESB , and Golden Rye .
I found it interesting that the Pilsner and ESB were after a Porter … oh well .
I ’m not one to follow all the rules so I changed up the order a bit – Pilsner , ESB , Cherry Raspberry Ale , Brown Ale , Oatmeal Stout , Pale Ale , Porter , Golden Rye , and finished off with a sample of the IPA .
( the IPA was not part of the original flight ) .
Pilsner – A good refreshing beer , nice clear color with a mild spice back end .
Could drink a lot of these , pretty good Pilsner .
ESB – a smooth mild ale , with a touch of hops .
It had a very buttery creamy mouthfeel .
Cherry Raspberry
Ale – to me this tasted like the ESB with fruit flavor .
The sweet and tart of the fruit really stick to the sides of your mouth .
Not a bad fruit beer but was n’t my cup of tea .
( This is my brother ’s favorite beer in the Taproom )
Brown Ale –
The brown ale was a fairly dark cloudy beer .
it was very nutty and malty with a touch of toffee .
Unfortunately , I found it to have an off flavor of wet paper in the finish .
This was my least favorite beer of the evening .
Oatmeal Stout – this was a very dry oatmeal stout .
The oatmeal was very strong in this beer , with a touch of cocoa and a slightly burnt finish .
I was not expecting that much burnt flavor on the finish , but still a very drinkable beer .
Pale Ale –
As the bartender told me , this is Brown ’s Flagship beer .
I was not let down by this beer .
Excellent Pale
Ale , crisp beer with good hop bitterness , nicely balanced with the touch of initial sweetness .
Porter – Totally Flat .
I mean no carbonation .
I told the waitress and they pulled the porter off the tap .
Too bad , I thought the beer had some good roasted malt flavor with nice bit of burnt malt on the finish .
Could have been a good beer .
My question is , did n’t the person pouring the beer notice the beer was flat ?
Why would you server that ?
Golden Rye –
This was a light color beer .
It was sweet and grainy with a slightly spicy hoppy finish , I thought it was an excellent session beer , good crisp beer .
Even my wife liked it , she likes very few beers .
IPA – Not bad , it had a low hop aroma , atypical for an American IPA .
The flavors were good , but as a hophead I tend to look for more in American IPA’s .
My Favorites of the night were the Pale Ale , Golden Rye and the Pilsner .
I would order these again .
Next time I ’m there Hopefully the porter is in order ; I ’d also like to try the Whiskey Porter , Maple Ale , Hefe - Weizen and Dunkelweizen .
I almost forgot they server food too , there BBQ sauce is really good .
I enjoyed their BBQ wings and Onion Rings .
Brown ’s Brewing Co. Taproom
417 River Street
Troy , NY 12180
Phone 518.273.BEER ( 2337 )
Walking outdoors in the fall , the splendidly colorful leaves adorning the trees are a delight to the eye .
In Europe these autumn leaves are mostly yellow , while the United States and East Asia boast lustrous red foliage .
But why is it that there are such differences in autumnal hues around the world ?
A new theory provided by Prof. Simcha Lev-Yadun of the Department of Science Education - Biology at the University of Haifa - Oranim and Prof. Jarmo Holopainen of the University of Kuopio in Finland and published in the Journal New Phytologist proposes taking a step 35 million years back to solve the color mystery .
The green color of a tree 's leaves is mainly due to chlorophyll pigment .
The change in color to red or yellow as autumn approaches is not the result of the leaves ' dying , but is rather the result of a series of processes – which differ between the red and yellow autumn leaves .
When the green chlorophyll in leaves diminishes , the yellow pigments that already exist become dominant and give their color to the leaves .
Red autumn leaves result from a different process :
As the chlorophyll diminishes , a red pigment , anthocyanin , which was not previously present , is produced in the leaf .
These facts were only recently discovered and led to a surge of research studies attempting to explain why trees expend resources on creating red pigments just as they are about to shed their leaves .
Explanations that have been offered vary and there is no agreement on this as of yet .
Some research suggests that the red pigment is produced as a result of physiological functions that make the re-translocation of amino acids to the woody parts of the tree more efficient in setting up its protection against the potential damage of light and cold .
Other explanations suggest that the red pigment is produced as part of the tree 's strategy for protecting itself against insects that thrive on the flow of amino acids .
But whatever the answer is , these explanations do not help us understand why the process of creating anthocyanin , the red pigment , does not occur in Europe .
An evolutionary ecology approach infers that the strong autumn colors result from the long evolutionary war between the trees and the insects that use them as hosts .
Insects tend to suck the amino acids from the leaves in the fall season , and later lay their eggs , to the detriment of the trees .
Aphids are attracted to yellow leaves more than red ones .
Trees that expend the energy to color their leaves red may benefit from fewer aphids and fewer aphid eggs .
In this case too , the protective logic of red pigmentation may be sound , but why are there more yellow - leaved trees in fall in Europe , if red leaves are an advantage ?
According to the theory provided by Prof. Lev -Yadun and Prof .
Holopainen , until 35 million years ago , large areas of the globe were covered with evergreen jungles or forests composed of tropical trees .
During this phase , a series of ice ages and dry spells transpired and many tree species evolved to become deciduous .
Many of these trees also began an evolutionary process of producing red deciduous leaves in order to ward off insects .
In North America , as in East Asia , north - to - south mountain chains enabled plant and animal ' migration ' to the south or north with the advance and retreat of the ice according to the climatic fluctuations .
And , of course , along with them migrated their insect ' enemies ' too .
Thus the war for survival continued there uninterrupted .
In Europe , on the other hand , the mountains – the Alps and their lateral branches – reach from east to west , and therefore no protected areas were created .
Many tree species that did not survive the severe cold died , and with them the insects that depended on them for survival .
At the end of the repeated ice ages , most tree species that had survived in Europe had no need to cope with many of the insects that had become extinct , and therefore no longer had to expend efforts on producing red warning leaves .
According to the scientists , evidence supporting this theory can be found in the dwarf shrubs that grow in Scandinavia , which still color their leaves red in autumn .
Unlike trees , dwarf shrubs have managed to survive the ice ages under a layer of snow that covered them and protected them from the extreme condition above .
Under the blanket of snow , the insects that fed off the shrubs were also protected – so the battle with insects continued in these plants , making it necessary for them to color their leaves red .
Carol Goldman is one of the success stories .
She met her fiancé , Todd Huttunen , through eHarmony about a year ago and they ’re getting married next week .
She signed on to a number of sites in the five years since her divorce and , she said , “ kissed a lot of frogs . ”
The first man she met on eHarmony was already married , she said , but added that she and Mr. Huttunen were “ phenomenally well matched . ”
James Houran , a relationship psychologist who has developed “ compatibility matching tools ” for Plentyoffish.com , a free online dating site , said his work indicated that people who met someone through the site were more satisfied in their relationships than those who met in other ways .
His system “ is better than chance , but we do n’t know how much better , ” he said .
“ But we know it ’s better than any other system . ”
Articles by Mr. Houran and Professor Fisher on their methods are in the process of being peer - reviewed , they said .
The question is how much it really matters to users if the methods have any scientific basis .
A friend of mine , who asked not to be identified because she did n’t want her son to know she was using the sites , said she looked at several dating sites and chose the ones that looked like they had “ the least riffraff . ”
So much for science .
My friend Mike has been trolling online dating sites on and off for several years and has probably met 40 to 50 men .
He said he did n’t really understand what his label on Chemistry.com meant , although he did enjoy asking his dates , “ How do you feel going out with a builder and a negotiator ? ”
Special thanks to our pal Nathan for helping with this comic , since Wes and Tony were being eaten by ants .
Every Wednesday , we highlight rarely - remembered but interesting games for our " Games Time Forgot " series .
Even though the format has long been defunct , a few Laserdisc games have transcended time .
Well , okay , one has : Dragon 's Lair .
There are plenty of other games made on this format that time has forgotten , but I want to focus on one of them in particular because it took a deviation from the norm , and is n't recognized for it today .
This game , called Thayer 's Quest , was released in 1984 , and was made by the same people behind Dragon 's Lair and Space Ace ( with the exception of Don Bluth ) .
It was revolutionary for its time , not particularly in its substance ( it took the well - tread route of being set in medieval times ) , but in the way it was made to be played .
Most Laserdisc games forced players to rely on quick reflexes and memorization .
In order to not die , one needed to press the right button at a precise moment to move out of harm 's way , attack , or basically make the " movie " move forward .
Thayer 's Quest , however , scrapped the normal formula in favor of making the player 's successes based on the decisions they make over the course of the game .
It was the first Laserdisc " RPG " of sorts .
It was less of an interactive movie and more of a full - fledged game , full of different places to go , people to talk to , and things to do .
But it had its shortcomings .
After all , it is a Game Time Forgot .
Story : Thayer 's
Quest chronicles the attempts of a young magician 's apprentice to collect five relics from each of the five kingdoms of his world .
An evil sorcerer named Sorsabal is also after the relics , with plans to use them to rule over all of the kingdoms .
As such , Thayer has to get to each one before Sorsabal can , so he can make sure that their combined power , called the Hand of Quoid , is not abused .
Gameplay :
The game was played with a full membrane keyboard , with additional buttons assigned to specific items given throughout the course of the game .
The game also used early speech emulation technology to speak to the player .
One could type in their name and have the computer speak it back to them over the course of the game .
The voice would also give instructions , confirm choices and notify the player of death .
Once the player inputs their name , a short introductory scene plays out .
They are given the choice to go into one of two doors ; one leads to death , the other to the rest of the opening cinematic .
Choices like these are given throughout the game two or three at a time , and you are only given a certain amount of time to choose between them .
The numbers 1 through 4 are used to travel or to use items , in certain circumstances .
Basically , you move around the world , talk to people to collect information , and use that information to make your decisions wisely .
But even if you pay attention , you are probably going to do something wrong and die .
Death comes often in Thayer 's Quest .
Unlike other Laserdisc games , where you die because you 're too slow , in this game , you die on a trial and error basis .
If you make the wrong decision and go to the wrong place at the wrong time , you will certainly face a gruesome death .
Sometimes , you may even know what 's right and still stumble upon an untimely end .
The only way to know how to get through the game is to play it hundreds of times , which is the goal of any arcade game , but still ; most of the causes of death in Thayer 's Quest are just silly .
If you use one of the three magic scrolls you are given in the wrong place , you die .
If you try to pluck a flower from the ground , you die .
If you go to a pool to heal yourself , you find out at the last moment that the water is actually tainted and die .
Why you 're probably not playing it : Thayer 's Quest was originally a game for the Halcyon , a sophisticated home computer system made by RDI Video Systems .
When this system failed to sell , the game was made into a conversion kit for Dragon 's Lair cabinets .
But this too was not a very big seller .
In all probability , most arcade owners did n't want to have to convert their successful Dragon 's Lair machines into something new and uncertain .
The few machines that did make it to the arcades did n't stay there long due to the complaints of parents .
It seems that children were very keen on entering swear words into the system to hear the computerized voice say them back .
Some parents went so far to claim that some of the pre-programmed phrases also sounded like curses .
This caused many arcades to have to ban the game , and the rest was history .
This is just a theory , but I would guess that they probably also complained about all the really horrific death scenes in the game .
Because player death was pretty much an inevitability in Thayer 's Quest , small children were being exposed to scenes like these over and over :
I always thought that Dirk 's death animation in Dragon 's Lair was frightening , but if I would have seen this stuff as a kid , I would have had nightmares for weeks .
Not only is there skin melting , but also drowning , torture , choking , electrocution , stoning , and being eaten alive by rats .
There 's even some blood spurting here and there .
The game does n't even tell the complete story when you finally make your way to the end .
The official story of the game , which I 've highlighted above , says that there are five relics to find in all , but Thayer 's Quest only covers the first three .
This is because a sequel was supposed to wrap up the story , but it never came .
The overall failure of Thayer 's Quest and the Halcyon system forced RDI into filing for bankruptcy .
Though it is largely forgotten , Thayer 's Quest has kind of faintly flickered over the past 25 years .
In the early 90's , the game resurfaced a PC release under the name of Kingdom : The Far Reaches .
All of the characters were renamed and additional puzzles were added , but the game still did n't cover the entire original story .
It was n't until the PC version 's sequel , Kingdom 2 : Shadoan , that the last two kingdoms were visited and the story resolved .
This happened 14 years after the release of the original Laserdisc game , under a completely different series name .
It had a lot going against it , but Thayer 's Quest was a very interesting title , and one that I wish I would have encountered in its heyday .
It dared to do something different among its Laserdisc brethren and never gets any recognition for doing so , whether or not that may be due to no one having played it in any of its forms .
It may not have the amazing animation of Dragon 's Lair , but it 's just as tough to master , and perhaps even more memorably unfair .
When it comes down to memorable Laserdisc titles , Thayer 's Quest should be right alongside its older , more famous brothers .
During Barack Obama ’s presidential campaign , the mantras were hope and change and the imagery was that with him in charge , faith in government would be justified .
But what America has mainly seen since his inauguration is fear .
The President pushed his bailout plan with apocalyptic language that , without it , the sky would fall .
Similarly , his proposals have been targeted to fears of a possible depression , of losing jobs , of losing homes , of losing health care , etc .
In every case , the ’ solution ’ put forward has been a staggering expansion in the power and scope of the federal government , presented as benevolent rescuer .
And in every case , he has exploited Frederic Bastiat ’s insight in ‘ What is Seen and What is Unseen . ’
The promised benefits are always put on display , to calm fears and make sure they are recognized and lauded .
But the coercion , behind those promises — made necessary because government has no resources it does not extract from citizens and no expanded powers that do not detract from liberty — is glossed over .
For almost everyone , taxes today and deficits tomorrow are presented as being paid by ‘ not you ’ and the encroachments on individual freedom as only restricting others who can be demonized .
This combination of fear and coercion has received little notice in the current media .
However , it has been insightfully analyzed .
In 1959 , in The Nature of Man and His Government , Robert LeFevre saw this connection clearly .
He saw how the desire to assuage their fears led people to grant power to a gangster of their own , in hope that the gangster would remain their servant , with its power exercised solely for their own good .
Unfortunately , he showed that hope to be both logically and historically unsupported .
On the 50th anniversary of The Nature of Man and His Government , it is worth revisiting LeFevre ’s insights .
‘[ M ]en have organized for the purpose of protecting themselves and their property .
Government is the tool of this protection … in practice , the tool of protection … is employed with equal vigor and ferocity against both the criminal and the good and harmless citizen … ’
‘ Every citizen is a victim of the aggressive tactics of government . ’
‘ [ G] overnment has a single , possibly legitimate , function , that of apprehending and punishing the criminal … government has , in its manifold legal actions , gone far beyond …to equate the average individual , who is peaceful and orderly , with the criminal who commits acts of aggression with willful intent . ’
‘ [ T ] hat which was formed for our protection becomes , finally , the very reason we need to be protected . ’
‘ If we would understand why our government has so invaded private rights … look to the nature of man…at the root of all government stand the people .
What is it in the nature of human beings which causes them to look to a government ? ’
‘ There is only one thing which causes man to look for and to organize a tool which is an instrument of compulsion and prohibition .
That thing is fear .
Men look to government to protect them because they fear .
And virtually without exception , everything that human beings fear becomes a project for government . ’
‘ [ Man ] fears his predatory neighbor , death , old age , poverty , loneliness , hunger , and cold . ’
‘ It is this all - compelling emotion , fear , that has sired governments .
Man is fearful …
Therefore , he has devised an organizational gadget , containing compulsory unification , and by means of which he hopes to offset , or even to overcome , the strength of others . ’
‘ Governments , then , are not agencies of right , necessarily .
They are , necessarily , agencies of strength .
It could be said that man , feeling certain that he was surrounded by gangsters , has devised a gangster of his own , theoretically obedient to his own will , who will act with truculence against alien gangsters , while remaining docile and tractable towards his deviser . ’
‘ History teaches us with much repetition that this is an enormous fallacy .
Governments begin with a soft side towards their own creators and a hard exterior exposed towards potential foes .
But as time passes , the hard exterior extends until it completely encompasses the government …
It becomes equally hard and impervious towards every human being , since the nature of the gadget is that it must be strong against human beings . ’
‘ Government ’s presumed selectivity , in knowing whom to favor and whom to oppose , is actually nonexistent .
This is because … the nature of government ’s strength is derived wholly from its compulsory unification .
Government can permit no exceptions to its rules …
In the one case the government may act defensively , to protect the rights of an individual ; in the other case , the government will act aggressively , protecting no individual right but simply compelling universal obedience to its decrees . ’
‘ In the one case the government acts as a friend , within the framework of its theoretical usefulness .
In the other case the government is the predator , actively enacting the role of …gangster . ’
‘[ M ]en have so much fear concerning the imminence of gangsterism in their midst that they tend to bear the iniquities of government ’s predatory actions without a murmur , rather than to deprive themselves temporarily of their own gangster , however powerful and unruly he has become . ’
‘ [ O ] ur multitudinous governments , at every level … do considerable in the way of harm …
We have less freedom than we used to have .
We are more coerced .
We are plundered repeatedly and in growing amounts for every conceivable scheme that the human mind can invent . ’
‘ Nor does one act of plunder solve the problem for which the plunder was originally legalized .
Rather , each act of plunder gives birth to the necessity for additional acts of plunder .
And the number of laws curtailing us , regimenting us , restricting us , and punishing us grows hourly larger and more difficult of evasion . ’
‘ Government is an agency of force which can and must be employed against every deviationist .
And this is only to say again that the government must oppose the individual .
Therefore the ‘ good ’ man in government is like a priest with a machine gun .
The mechanism does the harm .
The man who operates it merely pulls the trigger . ’
‘ Good men do find their way into government .
But … .
If they perform their function , they use the government , an agency of compulsively gathered coercive force …
Inevitably , they hurt someone . ’
‘ [ I ]t is the business of government to employ force and to compel obedience …and to punish any individual who does not go along with those mandates imagined as necessary by the men in power . ’
‘ Government is a tool .
The nature of the tool is that of a weapon … government , designed for protection , always ends up by attacking the very persons it was intended to protect …
Government begins by protecting some against others and ends up protecting itself against everyone . ’
‘ There is no government on earth that , now or ever , sold protection only to those who would willingly pay for it .
Nor is there now or ever has been a government which permitted the purchasers of its service to decide just where the protection was to begin and end . ’
‘ [ W]e have two kinds of police protection , voluntary and involuntary .
The first is paid for voluntarily because someone wants protection and is willing to pay for it .
The second is forced upon us all because some people feel we must have it .
The first is moral , the second is immoral .
Yet the latter is gaining ground . ’
According to Damon Gross , ‘ Robert LeFevre was a leading intellectual force in the dissemination of libertarian ideas . ’
As described by Lew Rockwell , he recognized that ‘ civilization stemmed from the voluntary actions of men , not the laws of the state , ’ and that ‘ Crediting government for the good in society was , to his mind , like crediting the criminal class whenever it leaves us alone to go about our affairs …
He astutely observed that all states are prone to expansion and always at the expense of liberty . ’
Robert LeFevre recognized that the coercion at the heart of government actions bears a striking resemblance to that employed by gangsters and that in neither case is there a guarantee that individuals ’ well - being will be advanced as a result of that coercion .
In fact , the opposite will be the case .
As he put it , ‘ The nature of government is such that , whatever strength it has , it will be used to amass greater strength by draining away the strength of individuals . ’
Today , Americans seem to have barely an inkling of this insight .
On its 50th anniversary , The Nature of Man and His Government is a good place to start relearning this essential insight of liberty .
Vick Fans at Skins Camp
Just a tip to anyone in the NFL universe who wants to get on the evening news , or at least the evening blog : wear a Vick jersey and / or bring a Vick sign to training camp .
And if you bring Vick a sign the size of a Hummer , so much the better .
Thus , meet Rebecca Pearson , Ian Ferri and Brian Hoysa .
Rebecca 's the one in the Vick Falcons jersey , Ian 's the one in the Vick Hokies jersey , and Hoysa 's the one with the 21 Deion Sanders shirt , signed by Fred Smoot , and converted into a DeAngelo Hall tribute .
I know , it 's a lot to digest , but here 's the basic message :
" I 've been a Vick fan for my whole life , " Hoysa said .
" And I feel like he deserves a chance to play . "
" He 's served his time , " Ferri agreed .
" Nobody 's perfect , " Pearson added .
Of course , there was a fourth member to this party , the guy holding the " No We Don't " sign above Hoysa 's " D.C. Wants Vick " tribute .
That would be Erik Pedley , at 25 nearly a decade older than the Vick fans .
Pedley saw the massive sign from behind and figured it might be a boon for autographs .
Then he saw the text and figured he should stick around to offer a dissenting opinion .
" Some people have been player hatin ' , " Hoysa admitted .
" Oh , I 'll be here all day , " Pedley called out .
" But I feel like Vick should know he 's welcome , " Hoysa continued .
" It just degrades Jason Campbell , " Pedley said .
" We do n't need that .
We do n't . "
Though Hoysa said they do n't want Vick as a replacement to Campbell , but merely as a supplement .
Anyhow , players have stopped and stared , pointed at the sign , nudged teammates to take a look and snickered .
Coach Jim Zorn , of course , said the Redskins will not be signing Vick " at this juncture , " but the Vick supporters argued that was a fairly vague description --" this juncture might have ended at sundown yesterday , : Hoysa pointed out .
They 're hoping the quarterback hears about their tribute , so he knows he has still has supporters here ; in an ideal situation , maybe he would actually stop by camp .
And what would happen then ?
" Have you ever seen a girl at an ' N Sync concert ? " Hoysa asked .
" That would be my reaction . "
She said : " If Clyde 's unsure where he is he will suddenly go behind her and put his face on her back so she can guide him where he is going .
President Obama ’s nominee for surgeon general , whose job it is to help encourage Americans to get thinner and healthier , has been working part time as a scientific adviser to the fast - food giant that sells sandwiches like the Whopper and BK Triple Stacker .
Dr. Regina Benjamin , hailed by Mr. Obama for her efforts in running a health clinic in hurricane - ravaged rural Alabama , has been paid $ 10,000 since last year for serving on a scientific advisory board for Burger King , according to newly filed public financial disclosures .
The documents do not specify the scientific issues on which Dr. Benjamin advised the fast - food company , and her medical office in Bayou La Batre , Ala. , declined a request for an interview .
Burger King officials said Dr. Benjamin served on the company ’s nutritional advisory panel , formed last summer as part of “ ongoing efforts to promote balanced diets and active lifestyle choices . ”
The Edelman public relations firm , hired by Burger King , recommended Dr. Benjamin and other specialists to serve on the panel , an Edelman spokeswoman said Wednesday .
Vicki Rivas - Vazquez , a spokeswoman for the Department of Health and Human Services , said Dr. Benjamin would resign her position from Burger King upon confirmation by the Senate .
She also said Dr. Benjamin would recuse herself from any specific party matters involving Burger King for the next two years as part of the Obama administration ’s ethics pledge .
“ As the nation ’s leading spokesperson on public health , she will continue to promote healthy eating and exercise , ” she said .
“ As third - party counselor bringing her expertise on public health on an advisory panel , she was advocating for food options that were lower in sodium and recommending that nutritional information appear on food packaging , ” Ms. Rivas - Vazquez said of the nominee ’s work on the Burger King panel .
Still , the existence of a financial relationship between a big fast - food company and a surgeon general nominee troubles Dr. Marion Nestle , a professor of nutrition , food studies and public health at New York University and author of “ What to Eat . ”
“ Fast - food companies are not public health agencies ; their job is to sell fast food - and the more , the better , ” Dr. Nestle said .
“ For me , this would represent an impossible conflict of interest .
“ I ca n’t speak for anyone else and I am aware of the counterargument that if you want companies to become more health conscious , you need to work from the inside .
But in my experience , that argument does not hold . ”
Dr. Stephen Cook , a child obesity specialist and assistant professor of pediatrics at the University of Rochester , said he ’s pleased that Dr. Benjamin disclosed the financial arrangement because “ like any scientist , we should disclose our relationships . ”
He also said it is difficult to draw any conclusions about Dr. Benjamin ’s involvement with Burger King without knowing what she discussed with the company .
“ We do n’t know the content of those discussions , ” he said .
“ Perhaps she was pushing them to make water or low - fat milk the default drink and lower the price of that compared to soda . ”
Burger King , like McDonald ’s and other big fast - food chains , has been under pressure to offer healthier fare in recent years amid concerns about the role of fast food in America ’s obesity crisis .
Public health advocates have long said fast food , while not the only factor , contributes to the nation ’s obesity problem .
A recent study published by the National Bureau of Economic Research , a private nonprofit research organization , found that having a fast - food restaurant within a tenth of a mile of schools was associated with at least a 5.2 percent increase in obesity rates among ninth - graders .
In 2007 , the Center for Science in the Public Interest sued Burger King in Washington , D.C. , over its use of trans fats , but the company stopped using the product and a judge eventually threw out the lawsuit .
The case is under appeal .
Doctors say trans fats raise bad cholesterol levels and can increase the risk of heart problems .
Many big fast - food chains have stopped using trans fats .
Among other moves in recent years , Burger King has been offering fresh - cut , skinless apple slices made to look like french fries at its locations across the country .
The company in 2007 also said it was restricting ads for unhealthy food aimed at children .
Since her nomination , Dr. Benjamin has won support from both sides of the political aisle .
Rep. Jo Bonner , Alabama Republican , said Mr. Obama “ did himself and his administration proud ” in picking Dr. Benjamin .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , California Democrat , called her “ an excellent choice . ”
Like Mr. Obama , members of Congress praised Dr. Benjamin for running a small rural clinic and rebuilding it after fire and hurricanes .
“ When people could n’t pay , she did n’t charge them , ” Mr. Obama told reporters last month .
“ When the clinic was n’t making money , she did n’t take a salary for herself .
“ When Hurricane Georges destroyed the clinic in 1998 , she made house calls to all her patients while it was rebuilt , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ When Hurricane Katrina destroyed it again and left most of the town homeless , she mortgaged her house and maxed out her credit cards to rebuild that clinic for a second time . ”
The Burger King advisory position is one of several outside jobs that Dr. Benjamin has held since last year , according to her disclosure form .
She also reported receiving more than $ 20,000 for serving on another advisory board at Nebraska - based ConAgra Foods , one of the country ’s largest food producers with products such as David Sunflower Seeds , Crunch ‘n Munch , Healthy Choice and Chef Boyardee .
Dr. Benjamin reported more than $ 90,000 in earnings from her former role as chairman of the Federation of State Medical Boards and $ 8,000 for being an expert witness for the American Medical Association .
In addition , she received meeting and speaking fees ranging from a few hundred dollars to $ 7,000 for appearances with groups such as the California Hospital Association and Kaiser Family Foundation .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Network Latency is critical for almost all kinds of networks and applications running on them .
One of the key challenges is is finding the source of latency issues in an active network .
A team of researchers have found a solution , but it will require a new generation of networking hardware .
Issues with latency and dropped packets can be a overkill for network ’s performance and it doesnt end there , it can cripple applications like real - time communications , scientific computing , and high - frequency trading .
What is the Challenge ?
The biggest challenge that is seen by network engineers is that it can be extremely difficult to diagnose .
The reason being — they may not appear under test conditions , and real - time monitoring of performance may require dedicated hardware or procedures that actually cut into the usable bandwidth .
New Research
A team of academic researchers have come up with what they think is a solution , one that could sample the transmission of a collection of representative packets in real time , in a manner that ’s inexpensive in terms of both hardware and networking resources .
The researchers were supported by the National Science Foundation and Cisco .
They presented their work at the SIGCOMM meeting on Thursday ; they ’ve placed a paper describing it in detail .
The paper describes how the system — which they term a Lossy Difference Aggregator — would operate in principle , describe some simulations of its performance , and suggest how it might be implemented .
Unfortunately , it appears that it would require an extension to an IEEE standard that ’s only been adopted recently , as well as dedicated processing hardware .
Doing real - time monitoring , ignoring implementation details , is simple — Mark each network packet with a timestamp when it leaves a interface of hardware , and then compare that to the time at which it ’s received or response is received .
The latter calculates RTT , round trip time .
The first one is better way of doing it but comes with a challenge —
The challenge is communicating these timestamps between the hardware .
Each has to be matched with a specific packet , which can be computationally intensive , and the two pieces of hardware have to transfer the data in order to make time comparisons .
It ’s possible to cut down on the work by choosing a representative sample of packets for a given time period , but coordinating the choice of packets across hardware can be a challenge .
The Lossy Difference Aggregator tries to handle this scenario well .
The “ lossy ” part of its name implies – a way of selecting a representative subset of packets to track .
As each packet comes into the router , it ’s assigned a hash value .
That value is then used to assign it a position in a data structure that has an arbitrary number of columns , termed “ banks , ” and slots within each column .
Each entry contains the packet ’s hash value and a timestamp .
Let ’s take an example to make this easy .
Say a structure limited to 1024 entries could contain a single bank with 1024 entries , or four banks with 256 entries each .
The hash value is used to place the packet in a specific location in the structure .
So , in the authors ’ example , a hash with three leading zeros might assign it to bank 1 , while seven leading zeros would place it in bank 2 .
A separate function can be used to assign it a row within the bank .
Anything that does n’t find a place in this structure is discarded and is not considered in the calculations .
After a set sampling time , the sending hardware transmits this structure to the equipment that should be receiving it , which has been building a similar structure out of the same packets .
At this point , the actual performance data should be simple : lost packets can be identified as unfilled slots , and the time stamps can be used to calculate various latency figures .
Because it ’s so simple , the authors calculate that implementing it would require adding only an additional one percent to the transistor count of even the low - end ASICs currently in use .
The data structure itself would require only 72 K bits of control traffic a second .
Mathematically , the authors demonstrate that the system would provide a statistically accurate measure of both the latency and its standard deviation .
They also created a simulator , which they used to demonstrate its accuracy .
Even under really bad conditions , like a 20 % packet loss rate , its estimates of latency would be within tolerance of 4 % .
If you ’re losing 20 percent of your packets , latency ’s probably the least of your concerns .
Comparisons with a method of actively monitoring network performance showed that the Lossy Difference Aggregator provided more accurate latency measures .
Of course , network hardware will need to recognize this traffic as distinct from the packets it ’s supposed to be routing .
The authors suggest adding an extension to the IEEE 1588 standard , which is used for synchronizing the clocks of network equipment .
Since accurate comparisons of time stamps require clock synchronization anyway , this seems like a reasonable suggestion .
The remaining challenge involves actually putting an implementation into hardware .
The authors , perhaps due to their interactions with their sponsors at Cisco , seem especially attuned to the realities of the networking hardware world .
The power of embedded processors is starting to commoditize and featurize the networking hardware market in the same way that the power of desktop processors has transformed the PC market .
The specialized real - term monitoring hardware could represent a value - added proposition for vendors .
Its first likely customers — high frequency traders and high performance computing centers — are also among the least price - sensitive .
The Value
The authors point out that the data generated by their method can provide value well before it ’s fully deployed .
Putting this hardware on either side of major network bottlenecks could be extremely useful , and it might be possible to arrange the protocol so that it operates across hardware that ’s separated by a number of intervening devices .
As the intervening hardware is replaced , the data returned will simply become finer - grained .
If and when this methodology is used to detect and optimize latency in slow networks like VPN —
It could bring a revolution .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
View Transcript
Transcript
the Boss says , " I need you to keep this information to yourself .
Can you do that ? "
Dilbert says , " Well , obviously I 'd have to weigh the benefits of sharing it versus the risk of getting caught . "
Dilbert says , " It 's sort of a dumb question if you think about it . "
In a distant and second - hand set of dimensions , in an astral plane that was never meant to fly , the curling star - mists waver and part ...
Quotations
Words : Kieron Gillen
I wanted to be a music critic .
I became a games one .
There had to be a reason for that .
I have to believe there ’s a reason for that .
There is , and we ’ll get to that eventually .
But first : moaning .
Even from the other side of the world , I could hear Mr. True ’s yelp when he discovered one of the games industry ’s odd current quirks .
Developers being punished by their publishers when their game fails to reach a certain metacritic average .
In other word , get shit reviews , get shit money .
The industry worries enough about a critic ’s opinion not just to punish whoever publishes their work – by the traditional removal of advertising – but to punish their very own .
That is , at least on the surface , power .
It is and it is n’t , especially regarding whether review scores matter one jot .
Really , it does n’t matter if it ’s true or not .
If any people believe in it , they act on it and the system warps accordingly .
Early reviews are particularly singled out .
Publishers tell me about how initial orders are directly changed by those first pieces of criticism .
And ...
Yeah , this is sounding like absolute power .
And as I said , it is and it is n’t .
Here ’s the is n’t .
Game reviews are n’t subjective .
In videogames , it ’s the flaw that runs through anything with the word “ review ” slapped on it .
It ’s not art .
Or rather , it ’s not / just / art .
If a song started skipping two - times in ten or refused to work on certain MP3 players or – more so – changed fundamentally when played on one or the other , then it ’d be like games .
Games reviewers are n’t just asking whether a game works as an inducer of emotion , stimulation , True - like excited yelping .
It ’s asking whether a game works , full stop .
There are factors they ’re trying to judge which are more like judging a car , or electronic goods or spoons than art .
Is there an acceptable frame - rate ?
Are there enough game - modes ?
Is there sufficient Xbox - Live features or whatever ?
I hate this .
I ’m of the school where if the game works well enough , it works well enough and a game only needs to do what the game has chosen to do .
Abstract comparisons to what a game “ should ” do just stunt the medium .
My school is very much the minority .
Reviews , generally , reward competence .
As such , that 7/10 is the minimum expected is nowhere near as damning as it seems .
For the majority of organs , anything less than a 7 is almost without merit .
The “ 7 - 9 marking scheme ” is the regular subject of mockery , but it does n’t make it any less of a real thing .
If you got lower than that , you did do something “ wrong ” .
And there ’s enough reasons for that to keep the Internet chattering forever – check any forum you like if you fancy going anthropological on this – but the relevant one is that if something just does the job it ’s considered enough , and as such should receive a certain level of marks .
As much as everyone gives lip service to “ everything ’s subjective ” , reviews outside the metacritic norm are looked at with suspicion .
Yet again , we come to the relative power of an early review .
Once there ’s even a slight consensus towards a game , those who stray outside it are rewarded with mob justice .
There are regular bloodbaths over scores .
Eurogamer had a couple of thousand comments on both their reviews of Metal Gear Solid 4 and Gears of War .
The source of the outrage was they ’d given both games a mere 8/10 , a single digit beneath everywhere else .
When a review ’s opinions are crushed into a fraction of the whole scale , even a slightest deviation is viewed as heresy .
It was telling that in the fallout after Jeff Gerstmann was sacked from Gamespot shortly after giving a 6/10 score to a highly advertised game , amid the outrage there was one group which was happy to see the back of him : Nintendo fans who ’d never forgiven him for giving a Zelda game an 8.9 mark .
Put it like this : in music , we ’re talking about the death of the critic .
In games , we ’re more likely to talk about the literal death of a critic .
You suspect it can only be time ...
Games reviews wield total power and none .
The idea of a critic as one who discovers the new and brings it to you is almost completely alien , that duty passed to forums and general word of mouth .
Critics overwhelmingly write about whatever is already being talked about .
Your opinion matters , but radical voices are weeded out in favour of those who add jokes to press releases .
In terms of a critic acting as a tastemker , traditional game reviews are pretty much dead .
You ca n’t change anything .
That ’s the truth .
I do n’t believe it , which is why I ’m still here .
That necessary denial is why I continue , but it ’s not what dragged me as deep into the field as a human can go .
Ultimately , games writing offered me something which music writing never could .
With games writing you get to do unprecedented things .
It ’s a critical field which is wide open , the rules being written right here , right now .
It ’s at a point where , to do cutting edge work , you do n’t actually have to divorce the mass audience .
The most experimental pieces Rock Paper Shotgun runs are some of its most popular – none of which work on the traditional “ review ” axis .
To push music writing , you ’re forced into a niche .
To push games writing – and writing is just another word for “ thinking ” – you can still play on the main stage .
And games are at the point where they desperately need critics .
Without them , and people willing to throw away their lives doing this thinking for a laughable pittance , it ’s entirely possible that dialogue around them will be forever stunted .
If games are socially normalised before the argument that this shit matters has been won – as it was for pop music – it could be doomed to being considered mere product .
In our gaming corner , we often get trapped in a debate over whether games are art or not .
The truth is , they ’ll only be art if we communally decide they are .
Those are the stakes which music writing no longer has – because that hand has already been played and won .
If that sort of holy purpose matters , games writing is the only game in town .
http://www.kierongillen.com/
Smart Clients : ReverseHTTP & WebSockets
Polling architectures , as pervasive as they are today , did not come about due to their efficiency .
Whether you are maintaining a popular endpoint ( Twitter ) , or trying to get near real - time news ( RSS ) , neither side benefits from this architecture .
Over the years we ’ve built a number of crutches in the form of Cache headers , ETags , accelerators , but none have fundamentally solved the problem - because the client remains ‘ dumb ’ the burden is still always on the server .
For that reason , it ’s worth paying attention to some of the technologies which are seeking to reverse this trend : ReverseHTTP & WebSockets .
Smart ( er ) Clients : Pushing Complexity to the Edges
Our web - browsers today are , for the most part , passive consumers .
This model has worked wonderfully up until now , but as thought experiment , think about the implications on your architecture if the browsers were smarter .
For example , what if the browser also contained a web server ?
For one , this would mean that the browser and the web - server would be peers : they could talk via HTTP , use OAuth , Webhooks , etc !
Brushing NAT and firewall complications aside for a few seconds , this would mean that any browser could register itself via a webhook , and the server would simply propagate the updates to each client whenever new data is available ( aka , PubSubHubbub with the client ) .
Fast and efficient .
So how do you go about running a web - server in your browser ?
It is possible in theory , but the support is lacking .
Firefox has a built in Javascript webserver for testing , but it requires XPCOM privileges ; there is some talk on the Jetpack mailing lists about supporting this feature , but nothing conclusive ; node.js is an evented V8 powered web - server , but it ca n’t run within Chrome .
The closest you will get without modify the core of your browser is Firefox POW ( Plain Old Webserver ) extension , but we need something much more flexible .
Hybrid Clients : ReverseHTTP & Supernodes
The first time you read the proposed ReverseHTTP , or equivalent spec , it will undoubtedly feel like a crazy idea .
Having said that , it works .
Because most clients are hidden behind personal / corporate firewalls or NAT ’s , it renders them unreachable for a raw client - side HTTP push model .
ReverseHTTP proposes a hybrid solution : another web - server in middle acts a proxy , and the client maintains a persistent connection to it .
Whenever a request comes to the proxy , it is relayed to the client via the persistent connection , where the response is determined by the browser and finally relayed back to the originating source .
In effect , you are running a webserver in your browser .
Give it a try , and if you ’re curious , check out the server code as well .
Unfortunately , this is still a half - hearted solution because it introduces yet another layer of infrastructure into the equation , but it also has its benefits .
First , the scalability complexity is propagated down to the edges – a client , a hosting provider , or even an ISP can maintain such proxy nodes for their users .
In fact , that is exactly what Opera Unite is all about .
Blur your eyes to cut through the marketing , and you ’ll see that , in fact , the “ revolution ” is the ability for a browser to act as a server , via the Opera Unite proxy service .
Sounds crazy ?
Microsoft ’s Teredo service ( tunneling IPv6 traffic over IPv4 ) has been providing this very service for free for several years now to all Windows users .
Last but not least , this is also the same principle that powers your favorite P2P client ( Skype , Kazaa , etc ) .
It is not as crazy as it seems .
Bi-directional Communication With WebSockets API
Of course , we also ca n’t forget Comet , BOSH , or many other attempts at the same problem .
Personally , I ’ve been holding off for a simpler solution .
All I want is a socket – Flash has it , why ca n’t the web browser too ?
Thankfully , HTML 5 has an answer : WebSocket API .
// open a websocket var conn = new WebSocket ( " ws://yourwebservice.com / service " ) ; // act on incoming data conn .
onopen = function ( e ) { ... } conn .
onread = function ( e ) { ... } conn .
onclose = function ( e ) { ... } // push messages back to server conn .
send ( " Bi-directional ! " ) ;
As more and more browsers start adopting HTML 5 features I ’m hoping to see WebSockets become a reality within the next couple of years .
Full bi-directional data exchange between the client and server , without a need for a third party in between – that is what Opera Unite announcement should have been .
It still means maintaining persistent connections between client and server , which is arguably not as elegant as registering your browser session through a webhook , but there is a need for both solutions .
One is great for intermittent updates , the other ( WebSockets ) are the right answer for high - velocity streams .
KENNEDY DIES AT 77 KENNEDY DIES AT 77 Kennedy memorial : Friends , relatives celebrate Kennedy 's life Photos : Sen. Kennedy remembered Sen. loses cancer battle : ' He loved this country and devoted his life to serving it . '
From ' Ted Kennedy : An American Icon ' : Excerpt on the Kennedy brothers through history IN MEMORY IN MEMORY MEMORIAL AND BURIAL PLANS MEMORIAL AND BURIAL PLANS Sen .
Edward M. Kennedy will lie in repose Thursday and Friday at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston , followed by his funeral Saturday at a city church and burial later that day near his slain brothers at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia .
Kennedy 's family will take part in a private mass at the family compound in Hyannis Port , Mass . , at noon ET , and 30 minutes later , will travel by motorcade with his body to the library in Boston .
The senator will like in repose from 6 p.m. to 11 p.m. ET and from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. ET Friday .
A private memorial service at the library will take place Friday night from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. ET .
On Saturday from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. ET , a private funeral mass for the late senator will take place at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica , in Boston .
The cavernous basilica , built in the 1870s , is where Kennedy prayed daily while his daughter , Kara , battled lung cancer .
A burial service at Arlington is scheduled for 5:30 p.m. ET Saturday .
Kennedy , who served in the Senate for nearly half a century , will be laid to rest near his brothers , former President John F. Kennedy and former Sen.
Robert F. Kennedy , on the famous Virginia hillside that serves as the burial sites of others from the storied clan , including former first lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis .
At the site of the eternal flame rest four Kennedy family members : the former president and his wife ; their baby son , Patrick , who died after two days ; and a stillborn child .
Robert Kennedy 's grave is a short distance away and somewhere near it is the most likely site for Edward Kennedy 's burial .
" Senator Kennedy spent more days than most at Arlington visiting the graves of his beloved brothers and paying tribute to the fallen men and women of Massachusetts who gave their lives for our country , " the statement said .
A senior defense official said the Kennedy family some time ago approached the Army to explore the possibility of burying the senator at Arlington , the nation 's most celebrated burial ground of fallen military and the resting place of astronauts , Supreme Court justices and other giants in American history .
Kennedy is eligible for burial at Arlington by virtue of his service in Congress as well as his two years in the Army , 1951 to 1953 .
He was a private first class and served in the military police at Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe , then located in Paris and now in Belgium .
Sources : Edward Kennedy's U.S. Senate office ; Associated Press
Sen . Edward Kennedy , who began his public life as the prodigal son of a political dynasty and ended as its respected patriarch , died late Tuesday at his home in Hyannis Port , Mass .
He was 77 and had been battling brain cancer .
Kennedy 's family announced the senator 's death early Wednesday in a statement .
" We 've lost the irreplaceable center of our family and joyous light in our lives , but the inspiration of his faith , optimism , and perseverance will live on in our hearts forever , " the statement said .
" He loved this country and devoted his life to serving it .
He always believed that our best days were still ahead , but it 's hard to imagine any of them without him . "
President Obama , who spoke to Kennedy 's widow , Victoria Reggie Kennedy , at about 2:30 a.m. , described himself as " heartbroken " over the loss of a mentor and political ally who provided " momentous support in my race for the presidency . "
" An important chapter in our history has come to an end , " Obama said in a statement .
" Our country has lost a great leader , who picked up the torch of his fallen brothers and became the greatest United States senator of all time . "
He has ordered the flag at the White House and all flags throughout the federal government to fly at half staff .
COMPLETE COVERAGE FROM THE OVAL : Obama speaks , reaction
Obama 's Republican predecessor , former president George W. Bush , joined him in mourning Kennedy .
In a statement issued by his office , Bush paid tribute the resilience of the lawmaker who worked with him on immigration and education but battled him on Iraq and civil liberties .
" In a life filled with trials , Ted Kennedy never gave in to self - pity or despair , " the former president said .
Kennedy will lie in repose Thursday and Friday at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston before his funeral Saturday morning at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica in the Mission Hill section of Boston .
He will be buried Saturday afternoon at Arlington National Cemetery .
The bipartisan outpouring of praise and fond memories Wednesday vividly illustrated Kennedy 's ability to build bridges across political divides .
Words of admiration came from long time allies , such as Sen.
John Kerry , Kennedy 's Democratic colleague from Massachusetts , and former adversaries , such as former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , a Republican whom Kennedy defeated in a 1994 Senate contest .
Romney said Kennedy 's " charm and sense of humor " won him over .
" I will always remember his great personal kindness and the fighting spirit he brought to every cause he served , " Romney said in a statement .
Kerry struggled to capture the essence of Kennedy 's appeal .
" No words can ever do justice to this irrepressible , larger - than - life presence , " the senator said .
Kennedy 's political career spanned five decades and continued even after his diagnosis with terminal brain cancer .
After surgery to reduce the size of the tumor in June , 2008 , the senator returned to Congress , determined to help President Obama overhaul the health care system — a longtime Kennedy goal .
Expanding access to health care " the cause of my life , " Kennedy said in an emotional and unexpected appearance before the Democratic National Convention just three months after his cancer surgery .
Congress will make Kennedy 's unfulfilled goal his legacy , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , predicted in a statement early today .
" Ted Kennedy 's dream of quality health care for all Americans will be made real this year because of his leadership and his inspiration , " she said .
Although Kennedy never realized his dream of following his brother , President John F. Kennedy , into the White House , the Massachusetts Democrat became a towering figure in Washington who left his mark on every branch of government .
His early endorsement of Obama helped vault a relatively untested junior senator to the White House .
As much as any president , Kennedy helped shape the Supreme Court from his seat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , where he served longer than any other senator in history .
In the Senate , Kennedy was the driving force behind dozens of landmark bills that changed the social fabric of the nation , expanding the availability of health care , education and housing and advancing the rights of immigrants , women , minorities , gays and the disabled .
In a 2007 speech to the Senate , where he was being honored for having cast his 15,000th vote , Kennedy said he devoted his career trying " to be a voice of what I call the march for progress in this nation . "
A gifted speaker and skilled legislator , his career was punctuated by a series of personal setbacks and humiliations — often of his own making .
The most devastating came in 1969 , when a car that Kennedy was driving hurtled off a bridge in Chappaquiddick , Mass. , killing a young female passenger , Mary Jo Kopechne .
Kennedy fled the scene and did not report his role in the accident until more than nine hours later .
Decades later , Kennedy still refused to discuss the incident , according to his biographer , Adam Clymer , who wrote Edward M. Kennedy : A Biography in 1999 .
Though he disagreed with church leaders on the issues of abortion and gay rights , Kennedy was a devout Catholic who clung to his religion 's belief in the potential for human redemption .
Kennedy was the youngest of nine children born to Rose and Joseph Kennedy , a wealthy businessman who served as President Franklin Roosevelt 's ambassador to Great Britain .
At this outset of his career , he seemed destined to be overshadowed by the triumphs and tragedies of his overachieving older brothers : Joseph , who was killed in World War II ; John , who became the nation 's first Catholic president before being assassinated in 1963 , and Robert , gunned down when he was running for the White House in 1968 .
Young " Teddy , " as he was known all his life , was expelled from Harvard in 1951 for cheating on a Spanish exam , but after two years in the Army , he re-enrolled .
A tight end on the Harvard University football team , he attracted the notice of Green Bay Packers coach Lisle Blackbourn , who wrote a letter asking Kennedy about his interest in turning pro .
Kennedy declined the offer , telling the coach he had plans to attend law school and to " go into another contact sport , politics . "
After earning his law degree from the University of Virginia and working on his brother 's presidential campaign , Kennedy entered the Senate as the result of blatant nepotism :
When President Kennedy vacated his Massachusetts Senate seat for the White House , his youngest brother was two years shy of 30 , the required constitutional age for senators .
So the president arranged for a family friend to hold the seat and step down when the younger Kennedy was eligible to assume the seat .
Some senators were skeptical about whether the president 's kid brother was qualified to enter their exclusive club .
" I did not particularly like him at the beginning .
He did not like me , " Sen .
Robert Byrd said in a speech just before Kennedy turned 75 .
Though the two initially battled over legislation and leadership posts .
Byrd ousted Kennedy as Democratic whip in 1971 .
But the West Virginian eventually was won over by Kennedy 's dedication to the Senate .
On the day news broke of Kennedy 's cancer diagnosis , an anguished Byrd sobbed on the Senate floor , " Ted , Ted , my dear friend , I love you and I miss you . "
The unlikely bond that developed between the two underscored one of Kennedy 's most striking qualities : his ability to turn even ideological opposites into allies .
A committed liberal known for his thundering oratory , Kennedy was also a quiet dealmaker who worked cooperatively with even the most conservative of Republicans .
He persuaded Sen. Strom Thurmond , R - S.C. , to confirm Stephen Breyer to the federal bench , putting the former Kennedy aide on a path that would take him to the Supreme Court .
Sen. Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , worked with Kennedy on funding for AIDS research and on children 's health insurance and wrote two songs in his honor .
Kennedy also helped President Bush win passage of the No Child Left Behind Act , a landmark education overhaul .
He partnered with Republican presidential nominee John McCain on immigration legislation .
The same Republicans who made Kennedy a whipping boy and fundraising tool on the campaign trail acknowledged him in the Senate as a friend .
" He is famous among his colleagues in the Senate for his warmth , good humor and his simply astonishing ability and will to get things done , " Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said after Kennedy cast his 15,000th vote .
Kennedy 's career as a Senate statesman took off after he abandoned his dreams of the White House .
He was drawn to the collegial , clubby Senate in ways that his more impatient brothers were not .
When Ted and Robert Kennedy served in the Senate , there was a " huge difference between the two brothers , " recalls Leon Panetta , an aide at the time to Sen .
Thomas Kuchel , R - Calif .
" Bobby was much more doing his own thing , " said Panetta , who later went on to become a congressman , White House chief of staff for president Clinton , and CIA director under President Obama .
" Teddy would work on legislation ; he would work to get things done in the Senate . "
Nearly killed in a 1964 plane crash that left him with a permanently bad back , Kennedy used the five months that he was immobilized , waiting for his vertebrae to heal , to bone up on Senate issues and procedure .
Kennedy spent more than half his life in the slow - moving but tight - knit chamber , serving longer than all but two other senators , Byrd and Thurmond .
He was elected nine times by his Massachusetts constituents , usually by overwhelming margins .
Kennedy won his last Senate race , in 2006 , with 69 % of the vote .
He had three children , Edward Jr. , Kara and Rep. Patrick Kennedy , D - R.I. , with his first wife , Joan , a statuesque blonde socialite who never adapted to the Kennedy family 's ferociously competitive and public lifestyle .
The couple were divorced in 1982 .
By 1991 , Kennedy 's bachelor lifestyle was beginning to take a toll on his reputation and friends were worried .
After an Easter weekend of pub-crawling with his nephew , William Kennedy Smith , turned into a scandal when Smith was accused of raping a woman who returned to the Kennedy 's Palm Beach compound with him , Kennedy asked Senate colleagues to vouch for him .
According to Clymer 's biography , Hatch told Kennedy " if you keep acting like this , I 'm going to send the Mormon missionaries to you , " and Kennedy replied , " I 'm just about ready for them . "
As it turned out , fate had a different rescue in store for Kennedy .
In 1992 , he married Victoria Reggie , and began to turn his life around .
By the time of his death , he was widely respected as one of the Senate 's senior statesmen .
" Harry Truman used to say ' If you can't stand the heat , stay out of the kitchen , ' " former senator John Warner , a Virginia Republican , told USA TODAY earlier this month .
" Ted came under a lot of heat — some of it of his own making — but he was not a quitter . "
The Obama administration warned that unemployment would climb to 8 % if the recovery plan was not passed in Congress .
New reports show 9.5 % unemployment in June .
ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos asked Vice President Joe Biden to explain why the Obama administration prediction was wrong .
“ The truth is , we and everyone else misread the economy , ” confessed Biden
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The truth is , there was a misreading of just how bad an economy we inherited , ” he said .
“ Did the economic package we put in place , including the recovery act , is it the right package , given the circumstances we ’re in ?
And we believe it is the right package , given the circumstances we ’re in . ”
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast July 5 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
WHAT ’S IN THE HEALTH CARE REFORM BILL FOR YOU ?
We know our economy and fiscal future are tied to building on what works in our health care system and fixing what ’s broken .
Here are 12 ways health care reform will help you and your family .
LOWER COSTS
• No more co-pays or deductibles for preventive care
• An annual cap on your out - of - pocket expenses -- no longer driving Americans to financial ruin
• An end to rate increases based on pre-existing conditions , gender , or occupation
• Group purchasing power of a national pool if you have to buy your own plan
• Guaranteed , affordable oral health and vision care for kids
GREATER CHOICE
• Keep your doctor and your plan if you like them
• More plan choices , including a high - quality public health insurance option that would compete with private companies
STABILITY & PEACE OF MIND
• An end to coverage denials for pre-existing conditions such as heart disease , diabetes , or cancer
• Get the care you need with an end to lifetime limits
• Job and life choices will no longer be based on health care coverage
HIGHER QUALITY
• Doctors -- not insurance companies -- in charge of health care decisions
• More family doctors and nurses entering the workforce , at better payment rates , helping guarantee your access to quality care
Glad to do it .
I love you guys and the wonderful job you do .
And after working my entire professional career in healthcare , I know that there is nothing more important to our economic well being than healthcare reform that includes a public plan .
Send me another contribute link and I 'll give more .
We may not always agree with Nancy Pelosi 's strategies and tactics .
Taking Bush 's and Cheney 's impeachment off the table drove a lot of people to hate her , no matter how remote a chance there was that that could have succeeded -- or even proceeded without shutting down the basic functioning of Congress and even a chance of getting any progressive legislation passed .
And passing progressive legislation is the reason we were all so excited when Pelosi was sworn in as Speaker .
Her commitment to real health care reform is almost the only thing standing between the American people 's rapidly diminishing chance of getting any genuine reform and the salivating Insurance Industry CEOs who may well have brought off enough Max Baucuses and Blanche Lincolns and Arlen Specters , Joe Liebermen , Paul Ryans , Chuck Grassleys and Ben Nelsons to turn reform into a massive bailout for the Insurance companies .
Yes , it 's Nancy Pelosi -- not Barack Obama , who could go a long way towards ending this mess by saying " I wo n't be signing any health care bill unless it includes either single payer or a robust public option " -- who is keeping us out of the clutches of the Insurance Industry predators .
This is what her office sent out today to help average Americans get to the truth and go beyond the barrage of right - wing propaganda :
That 's why she 's public enemy # 1 for the corporate CEOs and their handmaidens in Congress .
I hope you 're aware of the effort Blue America is making to hold senators who abandon their constituents for the lure of easy corporate cash .
We 're starting with Arkansas where Blanche Lincoln , a reflexive reactionary vote across a great many issues of importance to working families , is up for re-election next year .
The Arkansas News reports that she is more concerned with Insurance Giants ' CEOs than with ordinary Arkansas working families .
“ One of our biggest concerns , " she admitted about her attempts to kill the public option , " is that it does n’t need to be a government plan that usurps that ability to compete in the marketplace , which I ’m concerned that a totally government - run option would do .
"
We 've been asking netroots activists to help fund the TV ad campaign that Blue America is sponsoring with our friends at Brave New Films .
And the response has been really good .
In fact , the response has inspired all of us at Blue America .
I want to share an e-mail I got this morning from Melinda in Florida , who had sent a very generous donation .
That 's the kind of feedback -- plus the flood of donations , most of them $ 10 and $ 20 -- that keeps me going and bolsters me when I hear the lies being told about health care reform by shills like Paul Ryan and William Bennett , the same kinds of lies the right - wing used to try to derail Medicare and Social Security and every minimum wage bill ever passed .
So thankMelinda and thanks to the other 220 donors who have already given .
( Can you check it out and see if you can join them ; even $ 5 and $ 10 contributions add up and will help us make this campaign a success . )
He did n't comment on the Insurance Industry Bailout substitute for health care reform that Max Baucus , Arlen Specter , Kay Hagan , Chuck Grassley and Blanche Lincoln vomited out .
But he did comment on the bill that the House is proposing , the billthe public option .
President Obama 's official statement " Today , the Chairs of several Committees in the House of Representatives unveiled their health care reform proposal .
This proposal would improve the affordability , availability , and quality of health care and represents a major step toward the our goal of fixing what is broken about health care while building on what works . "
Labels : Blue America , health care , Nancy Pelosi , public option
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Sarah Murch
BBC Two 's Future of Food
Climate change , drought , population growth - they could all threaten future food supplies .
But global agriculture , with its dependence on fuel and fertilisers is also highly vulnerable to an oil shortage , as Cuba found out 20 years ago .
Around Cuba 's capital Havana , it is quite remarkable how often you see a neatly tended plot of land right in the heart of the city .
Sometimes smack bang between tower block estates or next door to the crumbling colonial houses , fresh fruit and vegetables are growing in abundance .
Some of the plots are small - just a few rows of lettuces and radishes being grown in an old parking space .
Other plots are much larger - the size of several football pitches .
Usually they have a stall next to them to sell the produce at relatively low prices to local people .
Twenty years ago , Cuban agriculture looked very different .
Between 1960 and 1989 , a national policy of intensive specialised agriculture radically transformed Cuban farming into high - input mono - culture in which tobacco , sugar , and other cash crops were grown on large state farms .
Cuba exchanged its abundant produce for cheap , imported subsidised oil from the old Eastern Bloc .
In fact , oil was so cheap , Cuba pursued a highly industrialised fuel - thirsty form of agriculture - not so different from the kind of farming we see in much of the West today .
But after the collapse of the Soviet Union , the oil supply rapidly dried up , and , almost overnight , Cuba faced a major food crisis .
Already affected by a US trade embargo , Cuba by necessity had to go back to basics to survive - rediscovering low - input self - reliant farming .
City allotments
Oxen replaced tractors when Cuba became a low - fuel economy With no petrol for tractors , oxen had to plough the land .
With no oil - based fertilisers or pesticides , farmers had to turn to natural and organic replacements .
Today , about 300,000 oxen work on farms across the country and there are now more than 200 biological control centres which produce a whole host of biological agents in fungi , bacteria and beneficial insects .
Havana has almost 200 urban allotments - known as organiponicos - providing four million tonnes of vegetables every year - helping the country to become 90 % self - sufficient in fruit and vegetables .
Alamo Organiponico is one of the larger co-operatives , employing 170 people , built on a former rubbish tip that produces 240 tonnes of vegetables a year .
There is a wide range of crops planted side by side and brightly coloured marigolds at the edges .
Car parks and rubbish tips have become vegetable plots " We produce all different kinds of vegetables , " says farmer Emilio Andres , who is proud of the fact that his allotment feeds the local community .
" We sell to the people , the school , the hospital , also to the restaurant and the hotel .
" It 's important because it 's grown in the city , it 's fresh food for the people , it 's healthy food , and it provides jobs for the people here too .
" We do n't spray any chemicals .
We only spray biological means like bastilos - a bacteria and fungus to kill the pests .
And we use repellent plants like marigolds to keep away the pests .
" When I see all of these healthy crops , without too many pests , grown without any chemicals , it 's amazing for me - I am making a contribution for the people that get healthy crops , healthy products . "
Healthy diet
The organiponico uses raised beds filled with about 50 % high - quality organic material ( such as manure ) , 25 % composted waste such as rice husks and coffee bean shells , and 25 % soil .
A Western diet includes about three times as much food energy from animal products like meat and dairy
As well as marigolds , basil and neem trees are planted around the containers to keep the aphids and beetles at bay .
Sunflowers and corn are also planted around the beds to attract beneficial insects such as ladybirds and lace wings .
Sticky paper or plastic funnel - shaped bottles are positioned throughout the beds to trap harmful pests that do get into the garden .
And the methods work .
Lettuce , tomatoes , peppers , squash , sweet potatoes , spinach , herbs and many other crops are grown in huge quantities and sold cheaply .
Mangoes are 2 pence ( 3 US cents ) a pound .
Black beans 15 p ( 25 cents ) and plantain , just 12 p ( 20 cents ) .
At the time of the oil shock , average calorie consumption in Cuba dropped by a third to dangerously low levels .
Since then they have bounced back and Cubans eat just a little less than people in the UK .
The biggest difference is that a Western diet includes about three times as much food energy from animal products like meat and dairy .
The Cuban diet is much less fatty and requires less fuel to produce .
A far less varied diet than in the West , it is also much healthier .
The standard lunch for the farm workers is black beans , potatoes and rice .
Cuban agricultural researcher , Fernando Funes reckons the rest of the world has something to learn from the Cuban agricultural story .
" Well , do you have oil forever ?
And there also other considerations like global warming , nature conservation ... the conventional way of farming generates a lot of damage to the environment and to human health .
" Developed countries as well as developing countries should pay a lot of attention to this kind of agriculture which takes care of land , people , environment and is also efficient and productive .
You can combine both . "
Find out more on BBC Two 's Future of Food , Mondays 17 , 24 & 31 August , at 2100 BST .
All three episodes will also be available in the UK on BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jorge Alcocer V .
4 Ago. 09
La polémica entre el periodista español José María Siles , Televisa y el gobernador Enrique Peña Nieto , a propósito de la forma y términos en que este último es sujeto de cobertura pagada , disfrazada de notas informativas , por parte de esa empresa , ilustra uno de los pendientes más importantes de la reforma electoral , más ahora que en diversos foros están en curso discusiones de balance y diagnóstico .
Los dichos de Siles y la respuesta de Televisa están a la luz pública , cada quien les dará valor conforme a su personal criterio .
Lo contrataron para cubrir la asistencia de Peña Nieto a la cumbre del agua en Estambul , se pactó una tarifa , y el corresponsal dice que no le pagaron lo convenido .
El periodista hizo público el asunto , reveló conversaciones con un ejecutivo de Televisa y con funcionarios del gobierno del estado de México .
Siles hace un mea culpa : “ la historia no me absolverá ” .
Pero el problema existe , involucra no sólo al abierto aspirante a la silla presidencial en 2012 , sino también al jefe de Gobierno capitalino , a varios gobernadores , a decenas de presidentes municipales y una larga lista de servidores públicos de los tres órdenes de gobierno .
En el origen están dos párrafos , adicionados en 2007 al artículo 134 de nuestra Constitución , para establecer la obligada imparcialidad de funcionarios públicos respecto de la competencia entre partidos , y la regulación genérica de la propaganda gubernamental .
El Congreso de la Unión tenía que expedir la ley reglamentaria de tales normas constitucionales , y los Congresos estatales las relativas a su ámbito de competencia .
Pero no lo hicieron .
En marzo de 2008 , el Consejo General del IFE aprobó un Reglamento en esas dos materias , breve y deficiente , con omisiones y exageraciones notables .
Entre la publicación de la reforma constitucional y el fin de la campaña electoral federal , el IFE recibió más de 80 quejas por supuestas violaciones al artículo 134 constitucional , todas fueron declaradas infundadas .
Hay quienes afirman que el texto del penúltimo párrafo del citado artículo 134 es rigorista en extremo , a grado tal que , citando al clásico , el Congreso no pudo encontrar la cuadratura al círculo de su reglamentación .
Pero tal omisión , aunada a la pretensión del Consejo del IFE de suplir en sus tareas a los legisladores , ha provocado proliferación de quejas y ausencia de acciones correctivas .
El caso más atendido por la prensa ha sido el del gobernador Enrique Peña Nieto , exculpado por el Consejo General del IFE de cualquier infracción a la norma constitucional , debido a que , según afirma la resolución , en “ autos ” no obra prueba alguna de compra de tiempo en televisión o radio con fines de promoción personal y objetivos político - electorales .
Es decir que el quejoso , en este caso el PAN , no pudo acreditar , con pruebas fehacientes , lo que todos han visto .
La citada resolución se produjo antes de que el periodista español diera a conocer sus desventuras .
El PAN y el PRD anunciaron que acudirán a la Sala Superior del TEPJF para controvertir la decisión del IFE , aportando nuevos elementos de prueba , entre ellos las declaraciones de Siles , a las que atribuyen valor como indicios probatorios de los ilícitos que denuncian .
Más allá del caso comentado , lo que cabe preguntar es si en los meses y años por venir seguiremos viendo y padeciendo el éxito de quienes hacen fraude a la ley .
El PVEM se ha convertido en especialista , como lo comprueba su éxito al ganar ante el TEPJF la anulación de la multa de 20 millones de pesos que el IFE le impuso por sus ilegales mensajes en televisión .
El año venidero 10 estados renovarán gobernador ; en 2011 , ocho .
En 2012 vendrá la disputa por el Poder .
El tema de la publicidad gubernamental es prioritario .
Una Ley General en esa materia resulta más que pertinente , a menos que se quiera ensanchar la carretera por la que transitan los defraudadores de la Constitución , a los que la historia no los absolverá , pero sí los tribunales electorales , que son los que cuentan .
( diario Reforma de México )
For Immediate Release : August 5 , 2009
Contact : Henry Huber , Assistant Director of Communications
press@centerforinquiry.org - ( 207 ) 358-9785
Gospel church upset at efforts to halt African atrocities based on fear and ‘ magic ’
Amherst , New York ( Aug 5 , 2009 ) —
The Center for Inquiry ’s anti-superstition campaign has turned dangerous .
During a passive Nigerian conference meant to explore ways of combating the abuse , expulsion and murder of children wrongly accused of witchcraft , more than 150 members of the Christian witch - hunter Helen Ukpabio ’s Liberty Gospel Church reportedly overpowered the non-combative participants , invading the conference and subjecting attendees to threats , violence and physical attacks .
During the July 29 incident , the mob attacked conference speaker Leo Igwe , the Center for Inquiry ’s Nigerian representative and secretary of the Nigerian Humanist Movement .
Igwe said disruptive individuals broke his glasses and stole his bag , camera , cell phone and other items in an unsuccessful attempt to halt the discussion .
A transcript of Igwe ’s talk — copies of which he reported were stolen with his bag — is available upon request .
“ The Liberty Gospel Church ’s disruptions show just how important this anti-superstition campaign is , ” said Norm R. Allen Jr. , executive director of African Americans for Humanism and CFI ’s Transnational Programs .
“ Religious fanatics are running scared and becoming desperate . ” Read Allen’s
CFI blog posting
on this incident .
The invasion was
captured on video
, and posted to the Internet .
The short ( 2:40 ) video includes statements from Nigerian journalist Patrick Naagbanton and Dr. Enyeribe Onuoha , chairman of the Nigerian Humanist Movement .
“ This ‘ witchcraft thing ’ is based on superstition , and it does n’t exist , but children are losing their lives because of it , ” said Dr. Onuoha .
“ Adults , their houses are being burned and families are being destroyed because of it . ”
According to a report from Calabar , Nigeria , the state government was embarrassed by the attacks of the Liberty Gospel Church members on the conference , and the governor has reportedly called for Ukpabio ’s arrest .
Ukpabio is infamous for organizing witch hunts , allegedly inciting violence and spreading misinformation about children and adults accused of witchcraft .
She has reportedly used the political clout of her church recently to influence authorities into unlawfully detaining individuals running a haven camp for displaced families .
The families , driven from their homes by neighbors consumed with superstitious panic and unwarranted fear of “ magic , ” were subjected to further inhumane treatment and violence .
“ Throughout the years , religious fanatics have tried to thwart genuine progress by resorting to violence .
However , truly committed human rights activists always seem to prevail , ” Allen said .
“ I fully suspect such will be the case as African humanists and skeptics continue to fight against superstition in all its forms . ”
The Center for Inquiry , an international organization dedicated to education , reason , and secular ethics , launched its campaign against superstition - driven violence May 29 in Ghana with a groundbreaking seminar titled “ Witchcraft and its Impact on Development . ”
The seminar began a continuing campaign to fight against ongoing atrocities , educate the public , and implore Africans to employ reason against the violence and tragedy fostered by belief in witchcraft , unchecked superstition , and fear of malevolent magic .
Igwe continues to promote the campaign , traveling to Cape Town South Africa Aug. 29-30 for a workshop , and to Lilongwe , Malawi Sept. 4 - 5 for a conference on Humanism , Religion , and Witchcraft .
Additional planned campaign activities include protest marches , communiqués and meetings with officials , letter - writing movements , and aggressive widespread consciousness - raising efforts geared toward modernizing Africa .
“ Superstitious ideas , many of them rooted in religion , continue to thwart social and economic progress throughout the African continent , ” said Allen .
“ What African humanists and skeptics are doing is uncompromisingly challenging these harmful ideas and offering a humane and rational alternative , drawing upon humanistic ethics and an appreciation for scientific methods of investigation . ”
Superstitions — including belief in witchcraft — are based on fear , magical thinking and inadequate education , and are regularly exploited in Africa by unscrupulous individuals in positions of influence .
Until this campaign , there have not been any major organized efforts to critically analyze , debate and dispel superstitions , myths , misconceptions and other deeply harmful practices in Africa .
“ The lives of innocent children are at stake , ” said Allen .
“ If courageous adults will not come to their defense , who will ? ”
In order to bring this matter to the attention of Nigerian authorities , an independent petition site has been set up , titled
Make Helen Ukpabio Face Justice .
Contact : Norm R. Allen Jr.
Phone : [ 716 ] 636-7571 x 426
Hotel phone ( Aug 6 - 9 ) [ 404 ] 524-7991
E-mail :
nallen@centerforinquiry.net
Contact : Leo Igwe
Phone : 234 80338 61053
E-mail :
nskepticleo@yahoo.com
The Center for Inquiry / Transnational , a nonprofit , educational , advocacy , and scientific - research think tank based in Amherst , New York , is also home to the Council for Secular Humanism , founded in 1980 ; and the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry ( formerly CSICOP ) , founded in 1976 .
The Center for Inquiry ’s research and educational projects focus on three broad areas : religion , ethics , and society ; paranormal and fringe - science claims ; and sound public policy .
The Center ’s Web site is
www.centerforinquiry.net
.
DOOM -MONGERS have got it wrong – there is enough space in the world to produce the extra food needed to feed a growing population .
And contrary to expectation , most of it can be grown in Africa , say two international reports published this week .
The first , projecting 10 years into the future from last year ’s food crisis , which saw the price of food soar , says that there is plenty of unused , fertile land available to grow more crops .
“ Some 1.6 billion hectares could be added to the current 1.4 billion hectares of crop land [ in the world ] , and over half of the additionally available land is found in …
SALEM , OR — Vote Hemp , the leading grassroots advocacy organization working to give back farmers the right to grow industrial hemp ( the oilseed and fiber varieties of Cannabis ) , enthusiastically supports the decision of Oregon Governor Ted Kulongoski to sign SB 676 into law today .
The bill , which passed the House by a vote of 46 to 11 and the Senate by a vote of 27 to 2 , permits the production , trade and possession of industrial hemp commodities and products .
With the Governor 's signature , it now makes a politically bold commitment to develop hemp in a state whose slogan is " Oregon - We Love Dreamers . "
" I am glad that Oregon has joined the other states that have agreed that American farmers should have the right to re-introduce industrial hemp as an agricultural crop , " says SB 676 sponsor , Sen. Floyd Prozanski .
" By signing SB 676 into law , which passed the Oregon Legislature with strong bi-partisan support , Governor Kulongoski has taken a proactive position allowing our farmers the right to grow industrial hemp , to provide American manufacturers with domestically - grown hemp , and to profit from that effort . "
The new law sets up a state - regulated program for farmers to grow industrial hemp which is used in a wide variety of products , including nutritious foods , cosmetics , body care , clothing , tree - free paper , auto parts , building materials , fuels and much more .
Learn more about hemp at www.VoteHemp.com.
" Oregon 's federal delegation can now take this law to the U.S. Congress and call for a fix to this problem , so American companies will no longer need to import hemp and American farmers will no longer be denied a profitable new crop , " comments Vote Hemp Director , Patrick Goggin .
" Under current federal policy , industrial hemp can be imported , but it can not be grown by American farmers .
Hemp is an environmentally - friendly crop that has not been grown commercially in the U.S. for over fifty years because of a politicized and misguided interpretation of the nation 's drug laws by the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) .
While a new federal bill in Congress , HR 1866 , is a welcome step , the hemp industry is hopeful that the Obama administration will recognize hemp 's myriad benefits to farmers , businesses and the environment , " adds Goggin .
Many businesses in Oregon manufacture , market and sell hemp products , including Living Harvest , The Merry Hempsters , Wilderness Poets , Earthbound Creations , Sweetgrass Natural Fibers , Sympatico Clothing , Mama 's Herbal Soaps and Hempire .
Living Harvest of Portland was recently ranked the third - fastest - growing company in Oregon , as awarded by The Portland Business Journal 's " Fastest - Growing Private 100 Companies " annual award .
" We are looking forward to the opportunity to invest in hemp processing and production locally , " says Hans Fastre , CEO of Living Harvest .
" This new law represents another step towards heightening the hemp industry 's profile within mainstream America and making hemp products more accessible to businesses and consumers . "
These Oregon - based companies have been on the leading edge of the growing hemp food and body care markets , which are currently estimated by the Hemp Industries Association ( HIA ) to be $ 113 million in North American annual retail sales .
The HIA estimates the 2008 annual retail sales of all hemp products in North America to be about $ 360 million .
By allowing U.S. farmers to once again grow hemp , legislators can clear the way for a " New Billion - Dollar Crop . "
Hemp Farming Gains Support from More State Governments and Law Enforcement According to the Illinois Valley News , Josephine County Sheriff Gil Gilbertson said that he supports the legalization of industrial hemp .
" I think it 's a good idea , " Gilbertson said in the article which appeared on July 29 .
" I think it 's a viable crop , and the entire county could benefit from it . "
On June 9 , with little fanfare , Maine Governor John Baldacci signed the Maine hemp farming bill , LD 1159 , into law .
Maine 's
House had previously passed the bill without objection , and the Senate later passed it by a strong vote of 25 to 10 .
The bill establishes a licensing regime for farming industrial hemp , although the licensing is contingent upon action by the federal government .
Maine had previously passed a study bill that also defined industrial hemp .
During the 2009 legislative session , Maine , Montana , New Mexico , North Dakota and Vermont all passed pro-hemp laws , resolutions or memorials .
Sixteen states have passed pro-hemp legislation to date , and eight states ( Hawaii , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Montana , North Dakota , Vermont and West Virginia ) have removed barriers to its production or research .
Like North Dakota , where farmers are in a federal court battle over their rights to grow hemp under state law without fear of federal prosecution , the new law in Oregon does not require a federal DEA permit to grow hemp .
[ Post Comment ]
By Matt Wells
BBC News , Braddock , Pennsylvania
' Mayor John ' was re-elected with a big majority in May 2009 John Fetterman might have been called " America 's coolest mayor " by a British newspaper , but it is an epithet he can live without .
" It 's nice to be acknowledged , " says the 39 - year - old mayor of Braddock , Pennsylvania .
" But I could be at this job for another 30 years , and still have work to do . "
We are sitting in the abandoned warehouse he bought for $ 2,000 ( £ 1,200 ) , which has been stylishly renovated and is now home to his young family .
" Mayor John " - as he 's known around his rust - belt town of just under 3,000 residents - is at the very least an unusual public official .
' Less ink '
The town 's post - code is tattooed on one forearm , and on the other is a list of five dates , commemorating the local people who have died in violent circumstances during his time in charge .
" The less ink that ends up on my arm , the better - off everyone is as a community , " he says , relieved that for the past 16 months he has not made any trips to the tattoo parlour .
Braddock used to be a thriving steel town of 20,000 , but now the average house price is just $ 6,500 and many of its neglected buildings are falling apart .
After serving one four - year term following a close race , the mayor was re-elected by a large majority in May .
He sees it as a clear endorsement of his plan to breathe new life into Braddock by reducing crime , providing better service for long - term residents , and attracting newcomers through bold initiatives .
I 've got the world 's greatest job
John Fetterman
Braddock mayor BBC
News contacted several of the mayor 's political opponents , but they declined to comment .
Mr Fetterman moved to Braddock fulltime in 2003 after spending several years establishing a youth project in the town .
A native Pennsylvanian , he arrived fresh from Harvard University where he earned a masters degree in public policy .
" He looks unusual , but he 's a great guy , " said Kenneth Parrotte , a local funeral home worker , as we surveyed the collapsed frontage of a building on one of Braddock 's ravaged streets .
" I 'm definitely not on the payroll , " he said with a chuckle standing beside the mayor .
" He dresses like us , " he added .
" He takes care of the people , instead of just worrying about himself . "
Labour of love Mr Fetterman 's popularity is evident all around the town .
A motorist pulled up in the middle of the road to discuss a concern , and left looking satisfied .
When we stopped at a local bar , a mechanic insisted on buying the mayor lunch .
As well as creating a large urban garden near the town centre - which is supplying the local florist as well as a new source of organic vegetables - Mr Fetterman has also pushed for the construction of a new community centre inside a disused church , which is nearing completion .
Dozens of young people have been given summer jobs , which - according to local art teacher Nicole Helvy - which has helped to keep crime low .
And Ms Helvy has observed other signs of improvement .
" I see houses popping up everywhere ...
If people did n't care , he would n't be the mayor for the second time , " she said .
Bu Mr Fetterman has not escaped criticism .
His personal investment in Braddock 's building stock has led to the accusation that he is turning the town into " Fettermanville " for his own benefit , a charge he strongly rejects .
His tattoos commemorate the violent deaths of local residents " Anyone who 's buying property here on a speculative basis , is going to lose their shirt , " he said .
The mayor 's style of running the town has led him to appear recently on The Colbert Report - one of cable television 's hippest satire shows - and earned him a growing profile in Washington .
He has also testified at a Senate committee hearing on how greener environmental policies could benefit communities like Braddock .
He has introduced a raft of local initiatives that are attracting dozens of young environmentally - conscious urbanites to relocate there .
But when it comes to his own political ambitions , the mayor is uncomfortable even thinking about office higher up the political food - chain .
" Right now , I 've got the world 's greatest job , " he said , looking out onto Braddock 's only remaining steel mill .
" I really like the direct working with constituents , and working on real - world problems , " he said , adding that he much preferred it to hearing about problems from his team .
It is hard to imagine a cooler political figure than Mr Fetterman in contemporary America , who appears totally focused on broken - down Braddock , and what can be done to make life better there .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Its name has roots in the Middle East , but today shish kebob means has a global reputation as a skewer full of mouth - watering food .
Several sources site Turkish and Armenian as the original languages of the term “ shish kebob ” or “ shish kebab , ” but it ’s linked to an Arabic word meaning “ cooked meat in small pieces ” and an Aramaic word meaning “ to char . ”
Whatever its word roots , the top 5 ways to build a shish kabob spell out “ delicious ” in any language .
1. Lamb shish kabob .
This classic dish is probably closest to the original recipe that sparked so many culinary inventions .
Lamb shish kabob consists of pieces of lamb alternating with green peppers , large mushrooms , cherry tomatoes or slices of medium tomato and white or red onions .
Lamb is cut into 1 - 1/2 - inch cubes and marinated in oil and spices of choice , then threaded onto the skewer with vegetables and grilled until done .
2 . Beef shish kabob .
This version substitutes beef for lamb in an otherwise classic recipe .
Sirloin is the preferred meat cut for a beef shish kabob because it will hold together well on the skewer .
Beef often lends itself to some experimenting with the marinade to create interesting new tastes .
Cooks have traded out the traditional oil marinade of lamb kabobs for soy , wine or even Hawaiian teriyaki sauce for beef kabobs .
3. Chicken shish kabob .
Chicken shish kabobs offer cooks the opportunity to get really creative with flavors and spices .
Only white meat chicken is used for this type of kabob .
Marinades have featured pineapple juice mixed with dry mustard , brown sugar and soy sauce ; a Japanese “ yakitori ” version with soy sauce , sake , molasses and grated onion ; and a spicy “ shish taouk ” featuring lemon juice , olive oil , garlic , cumin , black pepper and cayenne pepper .
4. Shrimp shish kabob .
“ Shrimp on the Barbie ” has become an Australian cliché , but it ’s still one of the most popular forms of shish kabob .
A classic version uses no vegetables at all .
Instead , one pound of shrimp is marinated two hours in olive oil with garlic , lemon , pepper and chopped parsley , and then grilled for just five minutes .
Devotees report this recipe “ bursts with flavor . ”
5 . Fruit and / or veggie kabobs .
While it may be sacrilege to meat lovers , there are vegetarians out there who love nothing better than skewer full of grilled fruit or vegetable slices .
Here ’s where there are no holds barred to the recipe .
Simply cut up favorite veggies and fruits , season as desired and grill until lightly charred on the edges .
Kabobs of this kind are often served with a sweet or savory dipping sauce .
Veteran kabob cooks add that the kind of skewer used for kabobs is very important .
Most prefer stainless steel skewers rather wood ones because they say the meat and vegetables will cling better to metal .
However , wooden skewers have their fans as well .
Whatever type of skewer is used , coating it lightly with oil before threading the meat and vegetables will help the meal slide easily onto the plate .
Umm ... holy shit ?
Update : Billboard.com has confirmed that Them Crooked Vultures will indeed be performing an aftershow on Sunday night .
Still no official comment from C3 Presents , the organizer behind the festival .
So , last month , we told you about a nifty little rumor concerning a recently formed supergroup featuring the Foo Fighters ’
Dave Grohl , Queens of the Stone Age ’s Josh Homme , and Led Zeppelin ’s John Paul Jones .
They called themselves Them Crooked Vultures and have reportedly been working on a studio album for three years now .
Turns out that nifty little rumor is quickly become an unbelievably awesome reality .
At least that ’s if you put any stock in a last minute Lollapalooza aftershow announced today that lists three symbols on the bill … three symbols which look quite identical to those of Foo Fighters , Led Zeppelin ( more specifically , Jones ’ symbol ) , and Queen of the Stone Age ’s logos .
The show is scheduled to take place Sunday night , August 9th at the Metro .
Tickets go on sale Thursday , August 6th at 10:00 am CST ( internet only ) via etix.com .
We ’re still trying to confirm the aftershow really is definitely featuring The Crooked Vultures .
When we do , we ’ll let you know .
My last post highlighted my concerns with the use of the “ technical debt ” metaphor , ending with this question and summary :
Should quality be compromised ?
When ?
… the metaphor of technical debt seems to open the issue of quality as being a gray area , something that can be “ traded away ” .
The decision to compromise quality should not be made lightly under any circumstances .
I realize this statement does n’t exactly blow your mind .
Of course , quality is important .
We all believe so .
So , let ’s discuss a seemingly innocent scenario we may face as a development team :
In this iteration , we need to release our software slightly earlier than anticipated .
We wo n’t have the time to do the usual refactoring cycle after development .
Does n’t seem like such a big deal .
And , on paper , it ’s not .
However , what message did we just send to our developers ?
In Peopleware ( a must read ) , Tom DeMarco has this to say :
“ We all tend to tie our self - esteem strongly to the quality of the product we produce …
Any step that you take that may jeopardize the quality of the product is like to set the emotions of your staff directly against you … … the decision to pressure people into delivering a product that does n’t measure up to their own quality standards is almost always a mistake . ”
Many managers and team leaders may think such a reaction to a relatively small decision is inappropriate .
They would be right .
However , as humans , we seem to be programmed this way .
To understand better , consider the Broken Window Theory , which provides further examples and research outside of software development :
“ Consider a building with a few broken windows .
If the windows are not repaired , the tendency is for vandals to break a few more windows .
Eventually , they may even break into the building , and if it ’s unoccupied , perhaps become squatters or light fires inside .
Or consider a sidewalk .
Some litter accumulates .
Soon , more litter accumulates .
Eventually , people even start leaving bags of trash from take - out restaurants there or breaking into cars . ”
As humans , we have subconscious feelings about quality of things around us , and we treat those things accordingly .
If we have a beautiful new car , flawless and free of scratches , we keep it clean and polish it regularly .
The first ding hurts the most .
Over time , we get more scratches , they hurt less , we worry less , clean the car less , and care less .
Looking back to our example , the decision to fast - track the release by a few days was probably not worth the harm to our team ’s morale and self esteem .
The impact is largely subconscious , but very real , and does the most damage .
As creators and builders , we developers are driven by the desire to produce something which makes us proud .
When robbed of this feeling , for whatever reason , it hurts more than we may even want to recognize .
index the base algorithm >>
the question
i had an interview questions once which was " how would you find the median of a trillion integers spread across a thousand machines "
though i managed to bumble my way to an answer that was generally on the right track i've never gone through my solution in detail , so here goes ....
firstly ; what 's a median ?
informally the median of a list of elements is the " middle " element after the list is sorted .
eg for a sorted list with 11 elements [ 1 1 2 3 3 4 5 5 5 6 9 ] the median of this list is the value in the " middle " with 5 elements on either side ie .
the value 4
so what makes this question about medians worthy of an interview question ?
doing some back of envelope calculations we see that a trillion ( 1012 ) ints would consume , at 4 bytes per int , 4x1012 bytes = 4x109 kb = 4x106 mb = 4x103 gb. spread over 1,000 machines thats 4 gb worth of ints per machine .
not so easy to just sort ...
index the base algorithm >>
VANCOUVER , Wash. , July 15 ( UPI ) -- A Washington state farmer said he is offering a reward -- one dozen fresh eggs -- for the return of an 8 - foot rocket stolen from his property .
Lance McNamara , whose family owns GopherBoy Egg Farms in Vancouver , Wash . , said the rocket had been a fixture at the farm for nearly four years until it was stolen Sunday , KPTV , Portland , Ore. , reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
McNamara said the rocket , built from a boiler tank , compressor motors and other recycled materials , had become a popular local landmark , and neighbors had dubbed his home " The Rocket House . "
The thieves were two men in a pickup truck , McNamara said Monday .
" At 11 last night , two bad guys in a truck pulled up , put the rocket in the back of the truck , " McNamara said .
" The nose fell off and made a ping - ping - ping sound , which alerted my wife , who looked out the window and saw the thieves driving away ... I 'm not very happy . "
McNamara said anyone who helps track down the rocket will earn his gratitude -- and a dozen fresh eggs from his farm .
For those of us who spend countless hours at the kitchen table flipping cardboard versions of our favorite characters , the last ten days before the debut of Upper Deck ’s new Marvel Superstars Trading Card Game is excruciating bliss .
We cannot wait to find out which legends will be included .
We are on pins and needles wondering what new mechanics will drive the game engine .
We are wild with wonder , wanting desperately to wield the waiting win conditions .
There are certain basic building blocks of Trading Card Game structure that will probably be part of our new strategy experience .
Marvel Superstars may have some of these aspects :
1. Individual deck construction .
2. Specific deck size and limited card ratios .
3 . Turn based play , drawing cards each turn .
4. Starting life points that are subtracted with success until victory .
5. Character cards .
6. Effect cards .
7. Specific sequencing within each turn .
8 . A cost system to control card power .
How will those things be expressed in the Marvel Superstars system ?
We do not know .
August 13th will be here before you know it , and a brand new world will be revealed .
For now we wait and wonder .
The White House 's acting " cyber czar " just resigned , with no permanent replacement in sight .
Which is just fine .
We can make more progress on the network security front without such a " czar . "
For starters , we 've had reasonable facsimiles of cyber czars before – to little effect .
The studies have been done , the list of tasks complete , yet we continue to fail year after year .
Second , the cyber czar , like most actual royalty in the world these days , is destined to be more figurehead than Sun King .
He ( or she ) would have no power of service providers or industries that are both the underpinnings of cyber space and the victims of online assaults .
Despite grandiose claims to the contrary , the government has very little direct impact on how safe national resources are online .
Finally , even if the czar did have a lot more pull with industry than he actually would ; how does she put that juice to good use ?
Given that the czar and the individual with the power to make things happen in cyber space are not the same person : she does n't .
A " czar " position is the exact opposite of what we need to successfully defeat cyber space adversaries .
The botnet that denies service to your governmental web sites might have been assembled by a Brazilian , who borrowed code from an Israeli , who launders his money through a Russian .
None of them have met in person , and next month they may all switch roles - and throw in some Americans and Chinese to boot - for a totally different attack .
A cyber czar is fighting a network with an org chart .
Forget trying to shoe - horn technology stars into government cyber security jobs ( a worthy if doomed - from - the - start experiment ) or creating more useless bureaucracy with another czar .
We need a facilitator - someone with a lot of betweenness and closeness , to use some social networking terms - to make sure that the right people are talking , sharing , and collaborating as they best see fit .
Collaboration is key to improving security and collaboration comes from trust , not edicts from the Kremlin .
We 're not going to abandon our bureaucracies , so let 's move forward using that age - old mechanism for getting things done in bureaucracies : IKAGWKAG ( " I know a guy who knows a guy " ) .
The guy who knows the most guys is the guy you want in this job .
Find him , and then sit back and watch what happens when you stop fighting real problems with a Visio diagram .
[ Photo : Whitehouse.gov ]
See Also :
kevin a
ilyana c
jules j
this is eat
we are three university students who are into webcomicswe go by the names , andwe are bored , and thus , we make this .___is updated every mondays , wednesdays , and fridays___
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Catholic Church lost another round today when Italy approved the use of RU - 486 , the abortion drug .
The Vatican warned of immediate excommunication for doctors prescribing the pill and for women taking it .
According to the Catholic News Service , Archbishop Fisichella announced that “ it is obvious that the canonical consequences ” of using RU - 486 are the same as those incurred for getting a therapeutic abortion : automatic excommunication .
This is latest defeat for the Catholic Church in its efforts to ban abortion in the Vatican ’s home nation .
Monsignor Elio Sgreccia , a senior church bioethicist , told the Associated Press that RU - 486 is “ not a drug , but poison . ”
Dr. Gabriella Pacini of Woman ’s Life , a group that provides medical counseling to women , said RU - 486 “ has been used for years in Europe , on millions of women and is considered safe and effective .
Why not give Italian women a choice between pharmacological abortion and surgical abortion ? ”
Apology to Adblock Plus users - and call for participation · 2009 - 08- 02 23:31 by Wladimir Palant
Note : I do not usually syndicate blog posts about Adblock Plus to Planet Mozilla .
I chose to make an exception for this one to reach more Adblock Plus users .
Another note :
This post grew quite long .
If you are only interested in what you can do to help the Adblock Plus project , feel free to skip to the last section .
I messed up , really sorry about that .
Some people already noticed that Adblock Plus 1.1 release did n’t have the quality you would usually expect .
Right now , it looks like there are something like three distinct regressions of which I can only reproduce one so far .
And what is worse , I went on vacation only a few days after the release and did n’t have a chance to properly investigate these issues — even less to fix those .
So users who are affected and can no longer use Adblock Plus can only revert to Adblock Plus 1.0.2 for now .
What happened
People who have been with the project since the beginning will know that this is not the first time I do release and run .
Back then I was a frequently flying between Norway and Germany and would occasionally push out a release just before leaving .
This went without any real issues , most of the time I was releasing local and rather well - tested changes .
Not so this time .
On the one hand , the user base has grown a lot — and with it the requirements on the quality of the releases .
I get bug reports for pretty obscure configurations these days .
On the other hand , Adblock Plus 1.1 changed some core functionality in a very significant way .
This was to improve memory use and performance while cleaning up some old code at the same time — but the changes were pretty complex .
This would usually not be a problem , after all we have several hundred users installing Adblock Plus development builds to help catch issues early .
But this time I had to do some late changes to fix issues they discovered — and still rushed out the release despite some concerns because otherwise it would come out significantly later .
I also had the impression that there was less feedback on the development builds than usually , probably due to summer vacations .
All regressions only happen for some users while not for others which made sure that they were n’t caught before the release .
What is being done now
I am back from my vacation .
The bad news still : I can not start working on these regressions right now .
Between my other responsibilities there is very little time left for Adblock Plus and I am still going through my mail some of which contains the info I need to reproduce the issues .
I hope that the forum has some useful info as well but I did n’t get to it yet and most likely wo n’t be able to look at all threads ( please send me a mail if you think that something there needs my attention ) .
I should have more time starting Tuesday next week , if everything goes well Adblock Plus 1.1.1 will be released around 10th of August .
How to prevent such issues in future
More development build usage
One measure that will hopefully help catch more issues before release was already implemented shortly before Adblock Plus 1.1 release .
Previously I would upload development builds manually whenever major changes are made .
Now the builds are created automatically each day if changes are found in the source code repository .
And you will get update notifications for development builds , with all changes to the previous development build listed ( make sure to click “ Show Information ” button ) :
I hope this will make sure that more people are running the latest Adblock Plus development build and I will continue to announce major changes in the corresponding section of the blog .
I already see around 400 active daily users for development builds , tendency increasing .
If you are one of them , do n’t hesitate to report any abnormalities you notice .
This is easiest in the forum ( you can just hit “ post reply ” button , registration not required ) .
Respecting quality concerns
Of course you do n’t do significant changes shortly before a release — this is something I should have known better .
So in future I should accept the fact that the pace of Adblock Plus development is rather moderate , that ’s all that is possible with the time available .
Saving on the quality is not the solution .
If significant changes are necessary this should be more than reason enough to push back a release , as it has been in this project in the past .
The other fact that I need to accept is that I can no longer deal with any issues after a release in just three days .
For future releases I should make sure that I have enough time to investigate any issues reported , create a fix if necessary , get it tested by the community and release a new version .
Two weeks should be more realistic for that .
Distributing tasks and responsibilities
The issue that is harder to fix is that I ’m hitting my limits with the maintenance of this project .
Time has been a big issue lately and while getting more time to work on Adblock Plus is probably an option ( I have an idea that I will probably blog about later ) , it is better to make sure that we do n’t have everything depending on a single person .
I ’ll list the various tasks around Adblock Plus and I hope that some people will feel the urge to help with some of those ( contact me then ) :
Coding .
This is no longer the most time - consuming part of the project but I am happily accepting contributions .
So far , the only significant code contribution came from Nickolay Ponomarev and I would definitely like to see more .
Read the documentation , get the source code and send me your patches .
For more complicated changes better check with me first , otherwise you might spend too much time on a suboptimal solution which will need to be reworked .
Note : Much of the source code has JSD oc comments .
In future I would like to have source code documentation generated from those automatically when development builds are created .
Note : Much of the source code has oc comments .
In future I would like to have source code documentation generated from those automatically when development builds are created .
Documentation .
As I indicated in the forum , I would like to move the documentation into a wiki .
The idea is to both simplify syncing of documentation across languages ( something that I currently spend a fair amount of time on ) as well as have more people work on it .
There are several parts of the FAQ that need updating , reorganizing the documentation to put more stress on documents like Getting started would n’t be wrong either .
Both are tasks I did n’t manage to get to in a while .
that need updating , reorganizing the documentation to put more stress on documents like Getting started would n’t be wrong either .
Both are tasks I did n’t manage to get to in a while .
Forum .
This is one area where distribution of responsibilities works pretty well already , there is a fair number of people helping newbies and exchanging knowledge .
One improvement would be creating some documentation for typical problems however .
Another would be providing some guidance on how to help people reporting bugs — e.g. getting the relevant information from them , reproducing the bug , placing the blame correctly .
In case of Adblock Plus the blame rarely goes to Adblock Plus itself .
More often it is filter lists , the website , the browser , browser plug-ins , other extensions .
Forum moderation .
This is mostly about fighting spam .
While automatically generated spam is at zero , we have occasional spam posts created by humans ( typically Chinese or Indian , some even advertise “ data entry jobs ” ) .
At the moment , Adblock Plus Fan and IceDogg usually remove these in a timely fashion ( thanks ! ) but having more people at it might help .
Bugzilla .
I have been playing with the thought of closing Bugzilla for a while already .
While it has some advantages to have it around , it seems to have more disadvantages for us .
Now seems to be a good time to actually do it .
Email .
I currently have a stock of around 350 unread emails ( it was 200 before my vacation , slowly growing ) .
Given that I advertise my email address everywhere this it not a surprise , rather the fact that in the end I get relatively few emails .
But of course the users who took the time to write me deserve better .
I am playing with the thought of forwarding some of the mail coming to trev@adblockplus.org to some other people who could take care of the easy questions then ( which make up the bulk of it ) , would be nice to see some forum veterans volunteer .
Only problem is that people do n’t expect a mailing list behind this address , it would be nice to communicate this fact somehow .
Server .
Now that the server is all set up it requires relatively little attention .
There is a recurring task however : upgrading PHP applications installed ( currently phpBB and Textpattern , in future a wiki as well ) .
Given that I have custom patches applied to both ( this is worse for phpBB that does n’t support plug- ins ) this task is n’t quite trivial and takes some time .
So I would like to give away maintenance of the PHP applications — if I find a suitable volunteer .
Please have understanding that I will only accept somebody with sufficient credibility here , this would give the person responsible significant power , despite restricted user accounts .
applications installed ( currently phpBB and Textpattern , in future a wiki as well ) .
Given that I have custom patches applied to both ( this is worse for phpBB that does n’t support plug- ins ) this task is n’t quite trivial and takes some time .
So I would like to give away maintenance of the applications — if I find a suitable volunteer .
Please have understanding that I will only accept somebody with sufficient credibility here , this would give the person responsible significant power , despite restricted user accounts .
Releases .
Getting releases out of the door takes considerable time .
My current release checklist has 23 bullet points — this is already an improvement , it used to be longer .
Managing translations is the most time consuming part here , despite using Babelzilla .
While I managed to automate some tasks there , there is still much communication with translators required ( note that there are 50 of them ) .
I do n’t expect any volunteers for that task but I would like to be surprised .
Commenting is closed for this article .
A few days ago TorrentFreak reported that an anonymous user of The Pirate Bay had managed to copy the entire site and upload it as a torrent .
Now the inevitable has happened - a working copy of the world 's most infamous torrent site is already up and running , created from the files downloaded from the backup torrent .
Four days ago TorrentFreak broke the news that a copy of The Pirate Bay ’s entire site was being shared , somewhat appropriately , on The Pirate Bay .
The 21.3 Gigabyte torrent was created by anonymous reader who told us : “ I suppose I want us to have assurances .
If the TPB deal disappoints us , we can just put it up again . ”
His work was well appreciated .
Dozens of other publications picked up on the story and now there are many hundreds of seeds and leechers on the torrent .
It ’s anyone ’s guess how many people now have the site ’s code and all 873,671 torrent files but Alex from BTArena has contacted Torrent Freak with some very interesting news .
“ I made an online copy of The Pirate Bay , ” he told us .
“ Everything works from browse to download , except search , ” he said , adding that he ’s working on the search functionality now .
User comments are not included in the backup .
Update : Search is now operational
Update2 : Search is now disabled due to high server load .
It will be recoded and return soon .
“ Right after TPB decided to sell and become ‘ legal ’ I was thinking about moving their torrents to http://tracker.btarena.org but they have many low quality torrents on the index .
Now thanks to some user , other users can still use a TPB backup , ” he told Torrent Freak .
“ And this is what I want to it to remain as , just a backup , ” he added .
TPB Copy
The copy of The Pirate Bay is available at BTArena.net and will remain as a TPB archive , while we ’re told that tracker .
btarena.org can be used to track new torrents , if people wish .
The torrents available from the BTArena .
net copy still carry the announce URLs from The Pirate Bay ’s tracker but since all torrents were updated with the OpenBitTorrent tracker , they will remain functional even when GGF ’s version of the site takes over at the end of this month , should they decide to turn it off or mess around with it .
If there are any experienced moderators , or indeed , soon to be ex-moderators of The Pirate Bay , feel free to make contact through the BTArena forum .
5289727 story
ers81239 writes " I 've recently become a Linux administrator within the Department of Defense .
I am surprised to find out that the DoD actually publishes extensive guidance on minimum software versions .
I guess that is n't so surprising , but the version numbers are .
Kernel 2.6.30 , ntp 4.2.4p7-RC2 , OpenSSL 9.8 k and the openssh to match , etc .
The surprising part is that these are very fresh versions which are not included in many distributions .
We use SUSE Enterprise quite a bit , but even openSUSE factory ( their word for unstable ) does n't have these packages .
Tarballing on this many systems is a nightmare and even then some things just do n't seem to work .
I do n't have time to track down every possible lib / etc / opt / local / share path that different packages try to use by default .
I think that this really highlights the trade - offs of stability and security .
I have called Novell to ask about it .
When vulnerabilities are found in software , they backport the patches into whatever version of the software they are currently supporting .
The problem here is that does n't give me a guarantee that the backport fixes the problem for which this upgrade is required ( My requirements say to install version x or higher ) .
There is also the question of how quickly they are providing the backports .
I 'm hoping that there are 100s of DoD Linux administrators reading this who can bombard me with solutions .
How do you balance security with stability ? "
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Obesity rates continued to climb in the past year with 23 U.S. states reporting adults in their states are fatter now than they were a year ago , two advocacy groups said on Wednesday .
A woman walks along the boardwalk while leaving the U.S. Open tennis tournament in New York in this September 4 , 2007 file photo .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson / Files
Obesity rates did not decrease in a single state last year , and the groups warned that the U.S. obesity epidemic must be addressed as lawmakers reform the nation ’s health system .
“ Our health care costs have grown along with our waistlines , ” said Jeff Levi , executive director of Trust for America ’s health , which released the report along with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
He said the obesity epidemic is contributing to skyrocketing health costs , and said the problem has to be addressed at the highest levels of government .
Being overweight or obese raises the risk of heart disease , diabetes , some cancers , arthritis and other conditions .
The annual ranking of obesity rates in U.S. states found Mississippi continues to be the state with the fattest residents , with nearly a third of adults -- 32.5 percent -- considered obese .
The state has topped the list for the past five years .
Three other states -- West Virginia , Alabama , and Tennessee -- now have obesity rates above 30 percent , they found .
Colorado has the thinnest residents , with an obesity rate of 18.9 -- the only state under 20 percent .
Massachusetts is next , at 21.2 percent , followed by Connecticut , at 21.3 .
Two - thirds of American adults are either obese or overweight , as defined by their body mass index or BMI .
BMI is equal to weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared .
Someone with a BMI of 25 to 29 is classified as overweight ; 30 and over is considered obese .
A person 5 feet - 5 inches tall becomes overweight at 150 pounds ( 68 kg ) and obese at 180 pounds ( 82 kg ) .
IMPACT OF ECONOMIC CRISIS
Although still rising , fewer states saw increases in obesity rates this year compared to last , in which 37 states saw gains .
“ We ’re still getting fatter , but maybe a little more slowly than before , ” Dr. James Marks of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation said on a conference call .
“ We are hopeful that policy changes some of the states are putting into place in their schools and communities are beginning to make a difference . ”
The groups warned that the economic crisis could exacerbate the obesity epidemic as rising food prices and shrinking family budgets make it more difficult to eat healthy foods .
Among U.S. children , obesity rates held steady , but at still alarmingly high levels , with 30 states reporting the percentage of obese or overweight children at above 30 percent .
A report last year found the U.S. childhood obesity epidemic leveled off this decade after surging for about 20 years , but a worrisome number of young people remain obese , risking serious health problems .
Obese children are more likely to be saddled with risk factors associated with heart disease and type 2 diabetes .
They also are much more likely to be obese in adulthood .
The U.S. National Institutes of Health has an online BMI calculator at www.nhlbisupport.com/bmi/.
Former President Clinton Headed Home from North Korea with Journalists Clinton spokesman says former president homebound , with Ling and Lee onboard .
Aug. 4 , 2009  -- Former President Bill Clinton ended his surprise trip to North Korea today , bringing home the two Asian - American journalists who had been jailed in the secretive nation , after he helped negotiate their pardons .
Clinton spokesman Matt McKenna verified Tuesday evening that Clinton " has safely left North Korea with Laura Ling and Euna Lee " and was " en route to Los Angeles where Laura and Euna will be reunited with their families . "
North Korea 's leader Kim Jong - Il today ordered the release of jailed U.S. journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee through " a special pardon , " the country 's state - run news agency reported Tuesday .
North Korea 's Central News Agency said Clinton took a surprise trip to the country to negotiate Ling and Lee 's release apologized for the two female journalists " illegally crossing the border and committing a grave crime against our nation . "
Ling and Lee 's families said in a joint statement they are " overjoyed by the news of their pardon . "
" We are so grateful to our government : President Obama , Secretary Clinton and the U.S. State Department for their dedication to and hard work on behalf of American citizens , " the statement said .
" We especially want to thank President Bill Clinton for taking on such an arduous mission and Vice President Al Gore for his tireless efforts to bring Laura and Euna home . "
Clinton met with Ling and Lee earlier in what was a very emotional meeting , a government source told ABC News .
Clinton arrived in Pyongyang early Tuesday and met with North Korean leader Kim Jong - Il to talk about the two journalists , who were arrested after straying into the country while they were reporting on the Chinese - North Korean border .
Ling and Lee were later convicted and sentenced to 12 years hard labor .
The White House today had little to say about the former president 's visit except to stress that this is a " private mission . "
" It 's a little sensitive , " said Press Secretary Robert Gibbs .
" We will have more to say on this hopefully later on . "
Gibbs denied reports by North Korea 's state media that Clinton carried a message from President Obama to North Korean leader Kim Jong - Il .
North Korea 's Central News Agency said that Clinton ' courteously ' conveyed a verbal message from Obama , and that Kim expressed thanks and engaged in " sincere talks " with Clinton .
Clinton 's Mission to North Korea Was ' Private , ' White House Says
" While this solely private mission to secure the release of two Americans is on the ground , we will have no comment .
We do not want to jeopardize the success of former President Clinton 's mission , " Gibbs said in a statement released earlier today .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , en route to Africa on a state trip , would not comment until her husband 's mission was complete , a senior U.S. official told reporters .
Arriving at Pyongyang in a specially chartered , unmarked jet , Clinton was greeted warmly by a young girl bearing flowers and top North Korean officials , including chief nuclear negotiator Kim Kyegwan .
After meeting with North Korea 's leaders , Clinton was treated to a state VIP dinner .
Sources told ABC News that Clinton 's trip , while a surprise to some , was planned weeks ago and that it was former Vice President Al Gore who asked Clinton to go .
Clinton was accompanied by his former Chief of Staff , John Podesta , who officials said was also involved in the planning .
Clinton 's trip fulfills one of North Korea 's two demands -- a visit from a high - profile emissary .
As former president and husband of the current secretary of state , there could be few people of higher profile , and Gore founded Current TV , where the two journalists worked .
North Korea 's second demand -- an apology -- was fulfilled by Hillary Clinton just a few weeks ago .
" The young women themselves have , apparently , admitted that they probably did trespass , so they are deeply regretful and we are very sorry it 's happened , " the former first lady said in an interview with ABC News last month .
" Our most important goal is to make sure they get home safe . "
Hillary Clinton 's words were a clear departure from the administration 's early rhetoric , and she also acknowledged that the State Department changed its approach in trying to free the two journalists .
In June , she told ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos that the charges against Lee and Ling were " absolutely without merit or foundation . "
One thing about Clinton 's trip is clear :
He would not have gone to North Korea unless he was certain he would be coming back with the two journalists .
Despite a few tensions in the meeting , both sides got what they wanted .
For Kim Jong - Il , it was a chance to boast a visit from a high - profile U.S. leader and an opportunity to pose for pictures with Clinton , and for the U.S. , the safe return of the two detained journalists .
Laura Ling and Euna Lee
Ling and Lee were detained by North Korea in March for illegally entering the country .
At the time , they were working on a story about human trafficking for Current TV along the Chinese - North Korean border .
The two admitted crossing the border illegally and apologized .
But in June , Ling and Lee were found guilty of " hostilities against the Korean nation and illegal entry " and sentenced to 12 years of hard labor by North Korea 's highest Central Court .
Many feared that the two would be used as bargaining chips by North Korea , whose nuclear ambitions remain undeterred despite tougher sanctions and stern rhetoric .
The U.S. has repeatedly requested amnesty for the women , and the Obama administration considered for weeks whether to send a special envoy to the communist state .
But the negotiation had been drifting while North Korea ran a string of nuclear and missile tests in defiance of United Nations resolutions .
Ling 's sister , National Geographic contributor Lisa Ling , expressed her concern to ABC in an interview with " Good Morning America " in June .
" She has a recurring ulcer , " Lisa Ling said .
" And we know that she has been allowed to receive some medication .
But we , we know that her doctor is very concerned .
He has written a letter , appealing to the North Korean government to at least allow her to see a physician .
And as we all know , ulcers are exacerbated by stress . "
Lee 's husband , Michael Saldate , left to take care of the couple 's 4 - year - old daughter , said he has told his daughter Hannah only that her mother is at work .
Earlier this summer , Lisa Ling told ABC News ' Bob Woodruff that she dreamed of the moment of her sister 's release .
" It 's a scene that I 've kind of replayed over and over in my head .
I just hope it comes soon , " an emotional Ling said .
Jessica Kim and ABC News ' Huma Khan contributed to this article .
You probably have a long list of questions and you may be finding you cannot agree on anything .
Divorce frequently involves not only financial issues that will potentially impact you for years to come , but also tough decision related to where children will reside and how often visits occur .
Our skilled legal team can explain how marital property and business assets are divided , how child support and spousal maintenance are determined , and what factors the court uses in determining child custody .
Our family law lawyers have the skills and determination to navigate you through the divorce process .
We have handled a wide range of cases from contested to uncontested divorces , high - asset divorces that have settled in mediation or required litigation , as well as cases where domestic violence has been alleged .
This experience is one factor you can count on to obtain the best possible solution .
Frogs looking like strawberry , bananas taking a swim , lions peeking out from dandelions , onion spiders , to morph animals and plants can only be done in photoshop , for now .
It ’s great news that American Express has repurchased the warrants held by the Treasury ’s bailout program .
And it ’s even better news that the $ 340 million they paid represents the full price for the warrants .
Some prior repurchases of TARP warrants were seriously discounted from their full value , meaning the taxpayer wound up getting shafted .
Some banks had lobbied to have the warrants just cancelled free of charge .
Goldman Sachs , however , paid a fair price for its warrants .
And it seems to have started a trend .
Linus Wilson , the University of Louisiana at Layfayette professor who has become our favorite expert on the value of TARP warrants , estimates that the price paid by American Express is just about “ full price . ”
Of course , the pricing of options is complex and depends upon assumptions about future stock prices .
But Wilson estimates that at the low range of Amex ’s future value , the $ 340 million amounts to 110 % of fair value , at the middle range about 107 % of fair value , and at high range its 84 % of fair value .
“ Even Mad Money ’s Jim Cramer thinks the Treasury should auction the TARP warrants , ” Wilson said .
“ The threat of auctions may have convinced the big banks that sweetheart deals of the past cannot be had today . ”
Yahoo is overhauling its front page
Internet search engine Yahoo has seen revenues in the quarter to 30 June fall 13 % , citing the challenging economic environment .
Revenues for the three - month period dropped to $ 1.57 bn ( £ 953 m ) from $ 1.79bn in the same period a year earlier .
Meanwhile profit for the quarter edged up to $ 141 m from $ 131 .
Yahoo shares fell 4 % in after - hours trade after saying income this quarter would range between $ 55 m to $ 65 m , from $ 76 m in the second quarter .
Ross Sandler , an analyst with RBC Markets said : " Everybody expected conservative guidance .
It 's more conservative than even most people had expected .
There are n't great estimates out there . "
Yahoo chief executive Carol Bartz said " We established a clear , simple vision to be the centre of people 's lives online , and we 're backing that vision with important initiatives to create ' wow ' experiences for our users " .
Yahoo earned $ 141.4 m , or 10 cents per share , in the quarter ending in June , up $ 131.2 m , or 9 cents per share , in the same period in 2008 .
The results come as the firm unveils its redesigned front page , to make it easier to users to access content .
The move is aimed at boosting its position as the main portal to the web .
Deal ?
Laxmi Poruri , an analyst with Primary Global Research , was more upbeat : " The revenue was a little bit under what people wanted but earnings per share was better than expected . "
" This is definitely a sign that they 're trying to be more efficient .
What 's really holding ( the stock ) up is an imminent deal that people are expecting with Microsoft . "
Last year a tie - up between the firms collapsed after Microsoft's $ 47.5 bn takeover bid for Yahoo collapsed .
And Yahoo's attempt to form an alliance with Google came to nothing following regulatory examination .
But in recent days , there has been renewed speculation that a deal between Microsoft and Yahoo is imminent .
Investor Carl Icahn , who holds around 5 % of Yahoo , recently voiced his backing for such a deal .
He even called this blowhard " An EVIL LIAR " and the Congressman , John Culberson of the TX - 7 , totally went into " I will talk about your ratings now because I am getting pwned " mode .
Lawrence kept calling him out for his BLATANT hypocrisy of hating anything government run but admitting he would have voted FOR Social Security and FOR MEDICARE .
Is it me or does Lawrence average a beatdown per day ?
Give him his show , end of story .
If they do I will be watching every broadcast in support of his vast skills at desceminating bullshit and making sure people know the FACTS of a subject
Update : Wow , Rec list ....... feels good all the way up here lol .
I am checking youtube every 10 minutes to see when the vid is posted so if you find it just post in the comments and I will put it up .
EVERYONE needs to take a look at this one .
Update number 2 : Courtesy of Terre ( and any human with common sense ) a link to the Hardball Page so you can see for yourself .
I will still post the vid up soon as it is available .
Update number 3 : And for your viewing pleasure ....
Last update :700 + comments and 500 + Recs. WOW
Talk about going viral lol .
Hope everyone enjoyed this EPIC abuse of this blowhard .
It needs to be seen by as many eyes as possible .
Amazon attracted a lot of unwanted attention when it used its Kindle e-book reader 's always - on network connection to delete copies of works by George Orwell that had been sold without a proper license .
The company has since apologized to its users and promised that it will never happen again , but those steps are n't enough for some .
A lawsuit has been filed in Seattle that seeks class action status for Kindle owners and Orwell readers , alleging that Amazon has done everything from committing computer fraud to eating a high school student 's homework .
One of the plaintiffs , Justin Gawronski , has a compelling story about his experience with Amazon 's memory hole .
Apparently , he was reading his copy of 1984 as a summer assignment for school , and had been using one of the Kindle 's selling points — the ability to attach notes to specific parts of the e-book text — to prepare for his return to school .
Since he was actively reading the work when Amazon pulled the plug , he actually got to watch the work vanish from his screen .
He 's left with a file of notes that are divorced from the text that they reference .
A second plaintiff is named , but he just seems to have gotten poor customer service when he complained about the deletion .
But the firm that filed the suit clearly expects that these two individuals are hardly alone , and it seeks class - action status , with three different degrees of harm .
The first is simply Kindle owners , who have allegedly seen their device 's resale value drop due to Amazon 's actions .
The second is those that lost a copy of a digital work , and the final class are those , like Gawronski , that have put effort into annotating a work , only to see the underlying text vanish .
As we noted in our initial coverage , Amazon 's Kindle terms of service seem to indicate that a sale transfers control of the work to the purchaser , and the suit quotes the relevant portion : " Amazon ' grants you the non-exclusive right to keep a permanent copy of the applicable Digital Content and to view , use , and display such Digital Content an unlimited number of times . ' "
The fact that these copies obviously cannot be viewed an unlimited number of times , the suit alleges , constitutes a violation of contract .
The actual deletion of the work comes in for the most criticism , however .
The introductory portions of the suit actually quote David Pogue , who apparently compared Amazon 's actions to Barnes & Noble sneaking into private homes to remove books , leaving a check on the table .
Since the Kindle is a standalone computer , the suit considers Amazon 's actions computer fraud under the relevant statutes , and alleges that the actions constitute trespass to chattels .
Finally , the actions are alleged to violate Washington State 's consumer protection laws , which are generally considered fairly pro-consumer .
If the suit survives long enough for some decisions to be made , there are some interesting issues at play here .
The suit clearly intends to treat Amazon 's terms of service as a contract , even though they 're generally vague , and do n't specifically address the factors at play here ( Amazon sold a work it did n't actually have the rights to ) .
The same " invasiveness " that allowed Amazon to delete the work also powers some of the Kindle 's more compelling features , like near - instant access to works and synchronization across devices .
Still , the largest class defined in this suit is that constituting all Kindle owners , and the allegations there center around the charge that the mere fact that deletions could happen lowers the value of the Kindle as a device .
But Amazon seems to have been indicating that this wo n't be the case going forward .
Jeff Bezos has apologized for the deletions , and Amazon has gone on record as saying they wo n't happen again in response to similar problems .
But Amazon has declined to specify whether there are any circumstances under which the company might delete works in the future ( and we have asked that specific question of the company ) , nor has it specified how it will handle improperly licensed works in the future .
If nothing else , the suit may ultimately force the company to get a bit more specific about what , precisely , its policies are .
Standard grade octagon table .
8 stainless steel screws included .
This is the same table in our 8 - year example video .
Please note that the legs have a little less oil on them than the table .
It would just be a good idea to buy a pint of Watco teak oil and quickly gloss over the table and legs .
Or just leave it out one season and you will be on the quick route to grey .
The least inexpensive set option is the Shelia folding chairs ( premium ) at $ 49 x 4 = $ 196 .
But if you want to make the set arm chairs , just pick the arm chairs .
NOTE :
You must add 4 chairs to the order for processing .
We are no longer shipping this GROUND .
You can add arm chairs , folding chairs , or it can be added to a larger order of various other items ( being that it will go freight ) .
You cannot purchase the table alone .
The JRuby community 's abuzz with the news : Sun's JRuby team , Charles Nutter , Tom Enebo , and Nick Sieger will join EngineYard .
Both Charles and Tom worked on JRuby full time ; Nick created tools like Warbler and others , but worked mainly on projects such as Sun 's Project Kenai , which uses JRuby and Rails for its web frontend .
Here a quick snapshot of tweets about the move .
EngineYard 's Ezra Zygmuntowicz :
i guess the news is out early .
The whole 3 person jruby team is leaving sun to come work for Engine Yard .
Welcome guys !
Tom Enebo :
So yeah the news it out a little early .
@nicksieger , @headius and I are heading to Engine Yard .
This is a very good move for JRuby and EY .
Charles Nutter :
Me , @tom_enebo , and @nicksieger are going to Engine Yard !
Thanks to all the well - wishers out there !
http://ru.ly/i4
Computerworld also has a writeup of the news .
EngineYard has recently announced it 'll bee adding JRuby hosting support ; it is also the official maintainer of Ruby 1.8.6 .
Meanwhile , work on improving JRuby 's performance continues .
Ola Bini wrote Yecht , a new YAML parser .
Yecht is faster than JRuby 's previous YAML support :
Yecht is now 20 times faster at scanning and 15 times faster at parsing .
That makes it about twice as fast as Syck now .
Yecht has already been integrated in the JRuby trunk and replaced its old YAML support .
Update : a correction - as Ola Bini points out in the comments :
Yecht is n't necessarily faster than the previous YAML support in JRuby , but is uses less memory and is more compatible with MRI 's YAML support .
JRuby users who do n't want to manually install JRuby and set up all the required environment variables might be in luck .
A discussion on the jruby - dev list led to Daniel Lopez , of BitRock , to create prototypes of installers for Windows , MacOS X and Linux .
The BitNami JRubyStack and GitHub : FI are bundled with BitRock installers .
Finally , JRuby users who have trouble running in an OSGi container can look at Tommy McGuire 's solution for getting JRuby and OSGi to work together .
This will be a long post , so stay with me if you can :
Countries are in a desperate economic situation for one simple reason — the powerful elites within them overreached in good times and took too many risks .
Emerging - market governments and their private - sector allies commonly form a tight - knit — and , most of the time , genteel — oligarchy , running the country rather like a profit - seeking company in which they are the controlling shareholders .
When a country like Indonesia or South Korea or Ireland grows , so do the ambitions of its captains of industry .
As masters of their mini-universe , these people make some investments that clearly benefit the broader economy , but they also start making bigger and riskier bets .
They reckon — correctly , in most cases — that their political connections will allow them to push onto the government any substantial problems that arise .
In Ireland , for instance , the private sector is now in serious trouble because , over the past seven years or so , it borrowed at least $ 130 billion from banks and investors on the assumption that the country ’s property sector could support a permanent increase in consumption throughout the economy .
As Ireland ’s oligarchs spent this capital , acquiring other companies and embarking on ambitious investment plans that generated jobs , their importance to the political elite increased .
Growing political support meant better access to lucrative contracts , tax breaks , and subsidies .
And foreign investors could not have been more pleased ; all other things being equal , they prefer to lend money to people who have the implicit backing of their national governments , even if that backing gives off the faint whiff of corruption .
But inevitably , oligarchs get carried away ; they waste money and build massive business empires on a mountain of debt .
Local banks , sometimes pressured by the government , become too willing to extend credit to the elite and to those who depend on them .
Overborrowing always ends badly , whether for an individual , a company , or a country .
Sooner or later , credit conditions become tighter and no one will lend you money on anything close to affordable terms .
The downward spiral that follows is remarkably steep .
Enormous companies teeter on the brink of default , and the local banks that have lent to them collapse .
Yesterday ’s “ public - private partnerships ” are relabeled “ crony capitalism . ”
With credit unavailable , economic paralysis ensues , and conditions just get worse and worse .
The government is forced to draw down its foreign - currency reserves to pay for imports , service debt , and cover private losses .
But these reserves will eventually run out .
If the country cannot right itself before that happens , it will default on its sovereign debt and become an economic pariah .
The government , in its race to stop the bleeding , will typically need to wipe out some of the national champions — now hemorrhaging cash — and usually restructure a banking system that ’s gone badly out of balance .
It will , in other words , need to squeeze at least some of its oligarchs .
Squeezing the oligarchs , though , is seldom the strategy of choice among governments .
Quite the contrary : at the outset of the crisis , the oligarchs are usually among the first to get extra help from the government , such as preferential access to foreign currency , or maybe a nice tax break , or — here ’s a classic Dublin bailout technique — the assumption of private debt obligations by the government .
Under duress , generosity toward old friends takes many innovative forms .
Meanwhile , needing to squeeze someone , most emerging - market governments look first to ordinary working folk — at least until the riots grow too large .
Eventually , as the oligarchs in Cowen ’s Ireland now realize , some within the elite have to lose out before recovery can begin .
It ’s a game of musical chairs : there just is n’t enough cash to take care of everyone , and the government cannot afford to take over private - sector debt completely .
First , an admission .
The above is a quote from Simon Johnson ’s excellent essay in the Atlantic in May of this year , The Quiet Coup .
But I have modified it ever so slightly .
I simply replaced the word ‘ Russia ’ with ‘ Ireland ’ , and other slight edits to take into account energy versus property .
You can see the original here .
Why the modification ?
Well it demonstrates at exactly the level Ireland is at .
We are a two - bit emerging market economy , dominated by political and business elites .
I think it ’s an open and shut case .
Every word Johnson intended for Russia accurately applies to Ireland .
We are almost the definition of a banana republic .
The only difference is in the last paragraph .
“ Some within the elite have to lose out before recovery can begin . ”
No .
In Ireland , no oligarch property developer will lose out if the government can help it – thanks to the €90 billion NAMA , what will be the largest property ‘ firm ’ in the world .
The only people who will end up paying are you and me , our children , and our grandchildren .
If people think our political leaders are acting out of the interest of the taxpayer they are dead wrong .
Our political leaders are acting only in the interests of themselves and their paymaster developers .
Let us examine some of Johnson ’s indicators that we are an emerging market , dominated by oligarchs .
We could make a checklist :
* “ Emerging - market governments and their private - sector allies commonly form a tight - knit — and , most of the time , genteel — oligarchy , running the country rather like a profit - seeking company in which they are the controlling shareholders . ”
Check .
* “ As masters of their mini-universe , these people make some investments that clearly benefit the broader economy , but they also start making bigger and riskier bets .
They reckon — correctly , in most cases — that their political connections will allow them to push onto the government any substantial problems that arise . ”
Check .
* “ As Ireland ’s oligarchs spent this capital , acquiring other companies and embarking on ambitious investment plans that generated jobs , their importance to the political elite increased . ”
Check .
* “ Growing political support meant better access to lucrative contracts , tax breaks , and subsidies . ”
Check .
* “ Oligarchs get carried away ; they waste money and build massive business empires on a mountain of debt . ”
Check .
* “ Local banks , sometimes pressured by the government , become too willing to extend credit to the elite and to those who depend on them . ”
Check .
* “ Overborrowing always ends badly , whether for an individual , a company , or a country .
Sooner or later , credit conditions become tighter and no one will lend you money on anything close to affordable terms . ”
Check .
* “ Enormous companies teeter on the brink of default , and the local banks that have lent to them collapse . ”
Check .
* “ If the country can not right itself before that happens , it will default on its sovereign debt and become an economic pariah . ”
Check .
* “ The government , in its race to stop the bleeding , will typically need to wipe out some of the national champions — now hemorrhaging cash — and usually restructure a banking system that ’s gone badly out of balance .
It will , in other words , need to squeeze at least some of its oligarchs . ”
Check .
* “ Squeezing the oligarchs , though , is seldom the strategy of choice among governments . ”
Check .
* “ At the outset of the crisis , the oligarchs are usually among the first to get extra help from the government , such as preferential access to foreign currency , or maybe a nice tax break , or — here ’s a classic Dublin bailout technique — the assumption of private debt obligations by the government “ .
Check .
NAMA .
* “ Under duress , generosity toward old friends takes many innovative forms .
Meanwhile , needing to squeeze someone , most emerging - market governments look first to ordinary working folk — at least until the riots grow too large . ”
Check , minus the riots .
Yet .
* “ Some within the elite have to lose out before recovery can begin .
It ’s a game of musical chairs : there just is n’t enough cash to take care of everyone , and the government cannot afford to take over private - sector debt completely . ”
Except in Ireland , where we are trying to assume € 90bn in private sector debt .
Liam Carroll as the elite one losing out ?
Check .
And so we return to the original question posed :
What is wrong with Ireland ?
My answer is this :
We believe we are something we are not .
We believe we have a more mature regulatory environment , a mature , transparent and accountable political system , we believe the media holds our government to account , and we believe that our elected leaders will act in the best interests of citizens .
Even the media believes it holds the government to account .
These assumptions are all wrong .
When you examine , even to a minor degree , any aspect of Irish society , you will invariably find a distinct lack of all the above factors .
For example captured regulators : The Financial Regulator , the Irish Stock Exchange , the ODCE , ComReg , the Financial Ombudsman .
Whenever and wherever corruption is discovered , nothing happens .
Whenever and wherever whistles are blown , nothing happens .
We live in a country where the very idea of accountability , or that our politicians are our servants , simply does not exist .
As a nation state , we are a failure .
As a democracy , we have failed .
As a country we are bankrupt , both morally and financially .
We are the emerging market , banana republic of the European Union .
Our political system is broken .
It is beyond redemption .
Some will reply that I am a socialist , or other such attacks .
I am actually right of centre economically , I just recognise what is standing in front of me for what it is .
An almost incalculable political and financial mess – generations are being saddled with the debts of the oligarchs , and the taxpayer is being lied to by its own government .
The only hope is this :
That the people , in whose hands all power rests , will realise the appalling vista of a broken Ireland – a country in need of radical political reform – and demand that it is changed .
If it is not , everything that has happened , will continue to happen , and we , the citizens , will continue to pay the price .
Please fell free to Digg this 🙂
Related links :
Michael Taft reckons NAMA wo n’t be so bad .
Maybe .
Constanin Gurdgiev is less optimistic about NAMA .
Karl Whelan has lots of posts on NAMA
IKEA says goodbye to Futura
After 50 years of the iconic Futura typeface , IKEA has made a switch to … Verdana ?
The 2010 IKEA catalog , now arriving at doorsteps around the world , reveals the company ’s choice to change all typography to the Microsoft font that every web designer has grown to hate ( you can already hear the cries ) .
Verdana , specifically designed for on - screen readability , first shipped with Internet Explorer 3 in 1996 .
Being one of the better looking ‘ Core fonts for the web ’ — a limited selection which also includes Arial , Comic Sans , and Times New Roman — Verdana has become one of the most widely used fonts on the web ( but rarely ever used in print ) .
The font will replace IKEA Sans ( a customized version of Futura by Robin Nicholas ) , and IKEA Serif ( based on Century Schoolbook ) .
In an interview with the Swedish design magazine Cap & Design , IKEA ’s Ivana Hrdlickova says the main reason for the switch was to allow the company to use the same typeface in all countries ( current IKEA typefaces do not contain Asian characters , for example ) .
Being that Verdana was designed for the web , it also allows the company ’s image to remain consistent online and in print .
Before
After
The 2010 edition of the world ’s third most printed publication ( next to the Bible and Harry Potter ) , is now available online .
For more on Futura , check out Know your type : Futura .
via Typophile
UPDATE : People are passionate about IKEA ’s typography , Verdana has made it to Twitter ’s trending topics and there is already an online petition to replace it ( Aug 26 , 2009 ) .
The Verdana controversy has been picked up by Business Week and Brand New , even the mainstream media ( Time and Associated Press ) is talking about it .
IKEA spokeswoman Camilla Meiby responds to AP ( Aug 31 , 2009 ) :
We 're surprised , but I think it 's mainly experts who have expressed their views , people who are interested in fonts .
I do n't think the broad public is that interested .
Verdana is a simple , cost - effective font which works well in all media and languages .
More mainstream coverage in the Saturday edition of the New York Times , mentions idsgn and reader comments ( Sep 5 , 2009 ) .
404 Error — Page Not Found
A 404 error means the page you requested is no longer available or has been moved .
Try finding the information you are looking for on the new gov.bc.ca website .
If you can't find the page you are looking for contact the ministry for more information ( agwebfeedback@gov.bc.ca ) .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Too much confidence among teenage students can be harmful .
In a study that reinforces the danger of indiscriminately bolstering a child 's self esteem -- whether the child earns that distinction or not -- the results show a clear connection between overconfident students and low reading comprehension , and suggest recommendations for parents and teachers .
" While some self - confidence is helpful , overconfident 15 - year - olds are often below - average readers in all 34 countries we studied , " says Ming Ming Chiu , the lead author of the study and a professor in the Department of Learning and Instruction in the University at Buffalo 's Graduate School of Education .
" In contrast , under - confident 15 - year - olds are more likely to be above - average readers in all 34 countries . "
The difference lies in a student 's ability to accurately assess and evaluate his or her own reading level , according to Chiu .
Those who can accurately gauge their strengths and weaknesses are usually in a better position to identify realistic goals and achieve them .
" If an overconfident student chooses a book that is too hard -- such as ' The Lord of the Rings ' rather than ' Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone ' -- he or she might stop reading after a few pages and let it sit on a bookshelf , " says Chiu .
" In contrast , a more self - aware student is more likely to finish an easier book and continue reading more books . "
The research was the first large - scale international study of almost 160,000 students ' overconfidence and reading levels ( including nearly 4,000 U.S. students ) .
It was co-written by Robert Klassen , associate professor in the University of Alberta 's Department of Educational Psychology , and was published in the July edition of the professional educators ' journal Learning and Individual Differences .
The educators used data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development 's Program for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) .
In their study , Chiu and Klassen also found interesting cultural differences relevant to student achievement ; countries that stressed individualism , such as the U.S. and Switzerland , tended to produce students whose overconfidence worked against their ability to assess their strengths and weaknesses accurately .
In contrast , so - called collectivist countries that favored group interests ( e.g. , South Korea and Japan ) had greater reading comprehension .
" As students in more collectivistic countries were more aware of peers ' reading skills , " says Chiu , " they assessed their own reading ability more accurately and were less likely to be overconfident . "
Reading has long been considered essential to student learning .
" Strong reading skills open doors to learning -- whether through books , Web pages or other media , " says Chiu .
The two researchers recommend parents and teachers help their children and students become suitably confident and strong readers by doing the following :
• Cultivate the Idea of the Self - test .
Have students ask themselves , " How can I apply the ideas I 'e learned in today ' class to my daily life ?
" This self - test gives students feedback on how well they understand the ideas and thereby helps develop a suitable level of self - confidence .
• Review Past Performance .
Reflecting on past performance on homework , tests and writing assignments anchors their confidence to a suitable level and prevents overconfidence .
• Peer Evaluation .
Using classmates as a ruler to evaluate one 's own strengths and weaknesses can reduce overconfidence ( for example by asking , " Do I understand the books as well as my classmates ? " ) .
• Identify Achievable Goals .
Encourage children to choose goals that they can successfully accomplish .
Healthy confidence and self - assessment can help children set more realistic and achievable goals to ignite a virtuous cycle of high motivation and high achievement .
Provided by University at Buffalo ( news : web )
Explore further Struggling male readers respond better to female teachers
A malicious hacking attack on a Christian dating site has been used to break into Facebook accounts and post obscene and racist comments .
The online group called 4 chan - which hacked former Alaskan governor Sarah Palin 's email account and spread hoax news about a spate of celebrity deaths - is now targeting Christians on Facebook .
Hackers defaced a Facebook page that was asking people to pray for a sick relative by posting the message “ If he dies can I have some of his stuff ? ” .
The hackers stole login details and passwords from an unnamed Christian dating site and used them to break into Facebook accounts .
In one instance , they superimposed a target 's face on to a picture of a naked woman and published it on her Facebook page , pretending they had uploaded the wrong picture by mistake .
From the Goldblog inbox :
You write that you know almost certainly that Sgt. Crowley was trying to provoke Gates into being arrested .
How can you be so sure ?
Are n't you being judgmental here ?
Do you have any idea what kind of pressure cops are under ?
To answer the first question , yes , I know what kind of pressure cops are under .
Am I being judgmental ?
I do n't think so .
I have n't argued , by the way , that Crowley was motivated by racism ( though in my experience , white cops sometimes seem to have a problem with black men who are more educated , and wealthier than they are -- but again , I do n't know Crowley , so I can't say this is true for him ) .
But coming back to the issue of the pressure cops feel , let me ask another question :
Are cops aware of the immense power they have ?
The power to arrest someone is awesome ; any cop , at any moment , can take temporarily take your freedom .
Yes , there are courts to protect the rights of the innocent , but in the meantime , a police officer can still put handcuffs on you , shove you in the back of his vehicle , fingerprint you and lock you up for at least a couple of hours ; and lock you up with some pretty mangy people if he so desires .
That is real power , traumatizing power .
Society grants police officers that power , but in exchange , we must expect certain things -- that the police officer granted this responsibility show more patience , more kindness , and better judgment than the average citizen .
Which brings us back to the issue of Sgt. Crowley .
Once he ascertained that Henry Louis Gates was the legal occupant of the house , it was Sgt. Crowley 's responsibility to apologize , turn around and walk out .
It does not matter at all whether Gates yelled at him , mocked him , got loud at him .
It was Crowley 's responsibility to understand why Gates could have been upset , and it was his responsibility to turn around and leave .
Good police officers know how to control their tempers , and know enough to understand why someone might be upset with them .
Crowley should have left the house .
Back in 2003 , I asked whether it made sense “ to make corporate managers as rich as Rockefellers ” ( original post ) .
I pointed out that paying a CEO or other top executive enough to own multiple houses or become a philanthropist was probably counterproductive for the shareholders .
A rich person tends to be busy with his or her possessions and distracted from work .
Just this week I noticed a 2007 study by Liu and Yermack , a couple of business school professors .
They figured out where nearly all of the CEOs of the S&P 500 lived , when those houses were purchased , how much they cost , and whether the CEO sold stock to help pay for the house .
The paper is detailed but the conclusion is that the guys who bought fancy houses presided over companies whose stock significantly underperformed the S&P 500 index .
More : download the paper free from this site .
[ Quaint reminder : in the 2003 posting , I referred to the U.S. economy as “ moribund ” .
Little did I know ! ]
... There were other flaws .
Hitler had proposed giving Italy a planetarium .
Ribbentrop pointed out that Italy already had two , both robbed from Germany
as post - war reparations .
‘ It would seem to me , therefore , ’ Ribbentrop
observed in a note , ‘ that the gift of a planetarium to Mussolini might be
somewhat out of place .’...
Hitler 's gift to astronomy ?
What ?
Believe it or not , Hitler wanted to give Mussolini and Rome a planetarium * .
Rome was among the first in the world to build a planetarium .
Italy ( and Mussolini ) had already taken a planetarium as part of the ' compensation ' for the damage Germany did to Italy in WW1 and opened the first Roman planetarium already in 1928 .
It is the most peculiar story , so much so that I feel compelled to tell , however little , what I know about this hidden treasure of planetarium history ...
It started , of course , with my interest in astronomy and my social media activities .
2009 is the International Year of Astronomy ( IYA ) and I am making virtual friends all over the place , with people that share my interest in astronomy .
The founder of The Virtual Telescope , an initiative under the IYA , Gianluca Masi was one of those virtual friends .
Gianluca works at the Rome planetarium as well and as I was going to Rome this summer I decided to accept Gianlucas generous invitation to visit the Planetarium - and perhaps make a virtual friend become a real one .
I have visited Rome on several occasions before but I do n't mind revisiting this place packed with historic sites , over and over again .
After struggling with the Roman summer heat yet still enjoying the city 's traditional splendor , the day arrived when we had an appointment with Gianluca to visit the Rome Planetarium .
It so happens that since 2004 , the Rome Planetarium is situated in EUR on the outskirts of Rome .
EUR has a very special architecture you find no where else in the world .
The contrast of traditional Roman architecture , however mixed that is in itself , to EUR is indescribable .
It is not even possible to experience it by looking at images , you simply have to go there .
And that is what I did .
I must say that I found it a bit odd that Rome had chosen to place their planetarium on the outskirts of Rome when they have so many buildings in the center that would immediately seem more natural as host to a planetarium .
In fact , the planetarium was placed somewhere else to begin with , when Hitler thought of giving Mussolini his gift in the 1930ties .
It was placed in a building with a dome , very appropriate , close to piazza Venezia in the heart of the city .
We all know that Italian politics is completely incomprehensible and I will not even attempt to understand why they decided to shut it down in the 80ties .
However , the people of Rome , and I assume the rest of Italy , started to complain and claim the reopening of a planetarium .
That , on the other hand , I can understand .
:-) Their choice of place to reestablish Rome Planetarium fell on EUR far from the center of town where it used to be .
Surprisingly it actually make sense now that I 've been there and know a little about the history of this part of Rome .
Mussolini was a man with grand ideas and he had set his mind on creating a place where one could find a replica of all Roman buildings from around the world .
Replica is misleading here , because that normally means that it looks more or less exactly the same .
That is not he case with the buildings in EUR where Mussolini started to implement his ideas .
No , the buildings here are a communistized version of Roman buildings .
You read me correctly - communistized !
Mussolini was a fascist , but his architectural taste was definitely similar to that of the communists .
I visited Bulgaria in the ' 80ies before the Wall went down and got a taste of communist building fashion .
It is most extraordinary - and depressing .
In Rome you find this style , but it is far less depressing .
But , like I said , you just got to go visit to fully appreciate what I try to describe .
Now , since EUR was Mussolinis unfinished project , it was stopped by the onset of WW2 , it actually makes sense to place ' Germany 's gift ' to Mussolini , the Rome Planetarium , in this part of Rome .
The result is that , not only do you get to experience a wonderful ' sky ' , the planetarium is of very high quality as in the sky is really black and you see plenty of stars , but you are immersed in last century political history at the same time .
The Rome Planetarium offers real live shows .
It is in fact live performances going on .
In spite of the fact that my mother , who never before had been to a planetarium in her life , does not know a word of Italian , she truly enjoyed the show where Gianluca explained how asteroids are swirling around in the Universe hitting on the planets in our solar system - including our own Earth .
The ' sky ' was almost as dark as an autumn night in the Norwegian mountains and you could easily recognize the different constellations .
Highly recommendable even for non-Italians !
Outside the planetarium Gianluca and his colleagues had made an excellent exhibition .
Emphasizing that planet Earth is not alone but an integral part of the Universe around us .
We have not yet been able to establish if Hitler actually decided to give Mussolini a planetarium .
He was advised not to since the Italians already had taken a bite of the excellent German optics from Jena and Carl Zeiss as payment for the damages in WW1 .
If you have information about this , please do write me and tell .
This little story is also a report to modern times planetarium producer , Carolyn Collins Petersen , whom I promised to send pictures from my visit to Rome Planetarium .
Mission accomplished !*
David Irving : Hitler ’s War and The War Path
According to Square Enix ’s Yoshinori Kitase , Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children Complete will not be the end of the Final Fantasy VII universe , as previously thought .
“ In Japan , the Blu-ray version of Advent Children has just been released .
That ’s meant to make a mark to end all of these productions .
But , all these games of FFVII have just been spawned off the cuff with small ideas ; one idea just turns into another .
In this sense , there ’s a possibility we might end up creating more FFVII games in the future . ”
What more do you think Square Enix could pull in the Final Fantasy VII universe ?
A remake , perhaps ?
Post your comments below .
[ Source ]
No Recovery , Not Now ...
Not Ever
That we live in an age of miracles has become common knowledge .
A man may sit on a beach near Sydney , with nothing but the bucket bottom of the universe over his head , and still carry on a casual conversation with an Eskimo near the North Pole .
Using an Internet - based phone service , he may do so at negligible cost .
If this were not miracle enough , he may now grow himself a new nose , if he needs one , on his own arm .
In this age of miracles , people seem ready to believe that anything is possible .
Recklessly crossing the street at the end of the Late Bubble Epoque , the world economy got hit by a cross - town bus .
Now , the feds propose to reverse and run over the poor fellow again .
It will be as if they had reversed the film ; the economy will be as good as new , they say .
But we are suspicious .
And we begin today ’s rumination by examining the bus driver ’s motives .
In its naked form , government is not evil ; it is merely a self - interested parasite , like a bank lobbyist .
Its main value comes from its ability to elbow out other parasites .
Of course , the typical citizen is no saint either .
Instead , he is merely a parasite in the larval stage .
If he is lucky enough or cunning enough , he could grow into a parasite himself .
The citizen , generally , does n’t mind being lied to and robbed – just so long it is by someone he elected .
Or at least by someone whom tradition or local connivance put in place .
He does not usually resent his homegrown government , even though it routinely costs him a substantial part of his output .
On the contrary , he grows so fond of it he even dons his helmet from time to time to protect it .
Naturally , the feds return the favor .
The basic business model of government is to keep order , protect campaign contributors and lure supporters with the promise of other peoples ’ money .
The game plan of the typical citizen is even simpler : to be on the receiving end , not the paying end .
Over time , more and more of them get into position .
And the whole society becomes more costly , and more corrupt .
In the United States , entire industries now operate as wards of the state .
They may have too little capital .
Or , their operations may be too costly .
Or , their products may be simply out - of - date and unattractive .
Still , government keeps them going – even at the cost of at the expense of competitors .
And the money does n’t only go to business .
Cities stay solvent only by the grace of federal government grants .
Whole sections of the population depend on government – including 34 million who draw their rations directly from the federal food stamp program .
The spectacle is breathtaking and alarming at the same time – like a Pakistani bus on a mountain road , freighted with passengers clinging to the roof .
The old rust bucket could tip over at any time , but what politician would tell a voter to get off ?
That preface on the state out of the way , we turn to the state of the economy .
The key to understanding the great credit bubble of 1945 - 2007 is to capture the codependent relationship between China and the United States of America .
It seemed to serve both parties well .
Each enabled each other ’s excess .
China added mightily to the world ’s supply – far more than was actually needed .
America , meanwhile , did heroic work on the demand side .
While the growth in the United States was led by consumer spending , the growth in China was led by capital investment ; factories expanded , towns were built , and output was revved up .
But there was a flaw .
Americans ran out of money .
After the ’ 70s , they could only increase their buying by going into debt .
This they did with insouciance bordering on insanity .
Total debt rose 370 % of GDP and then blew up in 2007 , with major lenders forced into bankruptcy and mergers , while GDP sank at its fastest pace since the end of WWII .
Now , the old formula no longer works – neither for Americans nor for the Chinese .
Despite the urging of their government , Americans cannot be expected to take on more debt in order to consume more stuff from China .
As savings rates grow toward 10 % , demand from the United States will collapse by an estimated $ 1 trillion per year .
With the China trade now accounting for 83 % of America ’s non-oil trade deficit , you ’d think the Chinese would panic .
They already have as much as two times the output capacity needed to meet real demand .
They should trim their manufacturing sector , not expand it .
We draw out that relationship only to show how hopeless it would be to draw it out further .
Borrowing to consume is merely tricking stuff from the future to enjoy in the present .
By 2007 , some $ 30 trillion worth of spending that would have occurred ‘ in the future ’ had already occurred in the past .
Factories that would have produced consumer items for 2009 discovered that they had already produced more than enough of them in 2005 and 2006 .
It would be better to invite the future in …let her collect her debts … and then get on with things .
Yet government officials on both sides of the Pacific continue their numbskull efforts to revive the bubble economy .
On the US side , the feds are trying to stimulate demand for more stuff .
On the far side , Chinese stimulation is going into producing more stuff .
As if the world did n’t have too much stuff already .
But the role of government is neither prosperity nor plausibility … but protection of the pests and parasites .
They will keep paying them off and carrying them along … until the bus runs off the road .
But it ’s not prosperity that government really cares about .
The big bus keeps trundling along – picking up pests and parasites along the way .
It will keep going until it runs off the road .
Enjoy your weekend ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
W - Lan-Community fon Gericht hält Funknetz - Teilen für rechtswidrig
Ein Kölner Gericht hat entschieden , kommerziell organisiertes Teilen von W - Lan-Zugängen verstoße gegen das Wettbewerbsrecht .
Bandbreite weiterzuverkaufen sei nicht legal .
Das unterlegene Unternehmen , die W - Lan-Community fon , geht in Revision - nun muss der Bundesgerichtshof entscheiden .
Incidents listed are selected by the Officer In Charge of each shift that may have significant public interest .
Incidents listed are not inclusive of all incidents .
To view Calls for Services information , please visit communitycrimemap.com .
Requests for information can be directed to the MPD Records Unit : ( 608 ) 266-4075 .
Incident Report for Case # 2009 -233000
Incident Type Arrested Person
Incident Date
08/07/2009 - 12:28 AM
Address Langdon St at N. Frances St
Arrested Samuel M Lehman , m/w , 12/27/88
Charges - 1 ) Impersonating a Police Officer 2 ) Disorderly Conduct ( 2 counts )
3 ) Underage Drinking
( See also : Umeshisms , Anthropicisms )
Why , in real life , do we ever encounter hard instances of NP - complete problems ?
Because if it ’s too easy to find a 10,000 - mile TSP tour , we ask for a 9,000 - mile one .
Why are even some affluent parts of the world running out of fresh water ?
Because if they were n’t , they ’d keep watering their lawns until they were .
Why do n’t we live in the utopia dreamed of by sixties pacifists and their many predecessors ?
Because if we did , the first renegade to pick up a rock would become a Genghis Khan .
Why ca n’t everyone just agree to a family - friendly , 40 - hour workweek ?
Because then anyone who chose to work a 90 - hour week would clean our clocks .
Why do native speakers of the language you ’re studying talk too fast for you to understand them ?
Because otherwise , they could talk faster and still understand each other .
Why is science hard ?
Because so many of the easy problems have been solved already .
Why do the people you want to date seem so cruel , or aloof , or insensitive ?
Maybe because , when they are n’t , you conclude you must be out of their league and lose your attraction for them .
Why does it cost so much to buy something to wear to a wedding ?
Because if it did n’t , the fashion industry would invent more extravagant ‘ requirements ’ until it reached the limit of what people could afford .
Why do you cut yourself while shaving ?
Because when you do n’t , you conclude that you ’re not shaving close enough .
These Malthusianisms share the properties that ( 1 ) they seem so obvious , once stated , as not to be worth stating , yet ( 2 ) whole ideologies , personal philosophies , and lifelong habits have been founded on the refusal to understand them .
Again and again , I ’ve undergone the humbling experience of first lamenting how badly something sucks , then only much later having the crucial insight that its not sucking would n’t have been a Nash equilibrium .
Clearly , then , I have n’t yet gotten good enough at Malthusianizing my daily life — have you ?
One might even go further , and speculate that human beings ’ blind spot for this sort of explanation is why it took so long for Malthus himself ( and his most famous disciple , Darwin ) to come along .
Feel free to suggest your own Mathusianisms in the comments section .
I switched to virtualenvwrapper from plain old virtualenv a while back because I found out that virtualenvwrapper has a postactivate hook I can define .
Now when I do
$ workon pitz
to start my work day , I get a customized work environment exactly the way I want it .
In addition to activating a virtualenv named pitz , the postactivate script changes me into the top of my pitz checkout directory and then it starts up or reattaches a screen session customized just for pitz .
Setting this up was trivially easy .
Here ’s what my postactivate script looks like :
$ cat ~/.virtualenvs/pitz/bin/postactivate
cd /home / matt / projects /pitz
screen - S pitz -c ~/.screenrc-pitz -d -R
And here is that .screenrc - pitz file :
$ cat ~/.screenrc-pitz
# Matt 's homemade .screenrc .
# Draw that blue and red bar across the bottom of the terminal , with the cute
# stuff like the window names and system CPU load .
hardstatus on
hardstatus alwayslastline
hardstatus string " %{.bW} %-w % {.rW}%n %t%{-}%+w %= %{.. G} %H %l %{.. Y} %m/%d %C%a "
# Let me scroll back a thousand lines or so .
defscrollback 1024
# terminfo and termcap for nice 256 color terminal
# allow bold colors - necessary for some reason
attrcolor b " . I "
# tell screen how to set colors .
AB = background , AF=foreground
termcapinfo mlterm ' Co#256:AB= \E[ 48;5 ;%dm:AF=\E[ 38;5 ; %dm '
# erase background with current bg color
defbce " on "
# Automatically start up a bunch of windows .
screen -t " shell " 0 pitz - shell
screen -t " code " 1
screen -t " tests " 2
chdir docs
screen -t " docs " 3
Everything from the top down to the comment #
Automatically start up a bunch of windows .
just tweaks how screen works .
The last part creates a bunch of named windows .
In the first wiindow , it does n’t start a bash prompt .
Instead it starts up the pitz - shell .
One tiny detail that may not be obvious is that if I do $ workon pitz in one terminal , and then maybe I ssh in and rerun $ workon pitz again later , I wo n’t cause a second screen to start up .
Instead , I ’ll remote - detach the original session and reconnect to it .
In practice , all my remote servers have highly customized screen sessions already waiting for me .
I just need to log in and resume them , and I have all the interesting log files , database connections , and monitoring scripts already up .
For example , I know my apache log is open in a pager in window 5 . Window 2 has a psql session running .
Window 1 has a supervisorctl client running .
This setup shaves off precious seconds when I ’m trying to figure stuff out during an emergency .
This stuff is n’t rocket science , but I hope it helps somebody out .
What do you do when you pass out from drinks ....
ca n't seem to walk and your breath really stinks ....
No one picks you up ' cause they do n't have the heart ...
instead they throw your ass in a luh .
gage .
cart .
This photo was snapped at a nightclub in Miami , after one of the Oompah Loompahs from Beacher 's Madhouse , who had just performed inside the club , had to be removed from the establishment due to over - consumption .
Yesterday Sam Mellinger wrote a post about the impressive company the 23 year old Butler is keeping statistically and posed the question , “ when should the Royals start thinking about locking him up long term ? ”
The answer is plainly written all around Kauffman stadium and the Royals organization .
The Royals should start thinking about locking him up long term right now .
In fact , if they have n’t already started thinking about it , then they are already behind the 8 - ball .
In the alternate world where I am GM of the Kansas City Royals , Billy Butler has a long term contract offer on the table today .
He is set to make near league minimum again in 2010 before being arbitration eligible 2011 , 2012 , and 2013 before he becomes a free agent in 2014 .
Because of this , my initial offer is a 5 year $ 40 million contract structured to pay $ 4 million in 2010 , $ 6 million in 2011 , $ 8 million in 2012 , $ 10 million in 2013 , and $ 12 million in 2014 .
This might be a little low , but it is a starting point that is far from insulting and gets Billy and his representation to the table .
The 5 year contract would keep Butler in a Royals uniform through 2014 and buy out his first year of free agency .
The 2010 salary would be in the player ’s favor since league minimum is currently slightly more that $ 400,000 per season .
2011 the contract would shift to the Royals ’ favor based on the assumption that Billy could replicate his 2009 season in 2010 .
Such a season from an offensive standpoint would merit an arbitration award of at least $ 6 million .
If that seems high to you , keep in mind that the Royals negotiated with Teahen ( $ 3.575M ) , Buck ( $ 2.9M ) , and Jacobs ( $ 3.25 M ) this season to avoid arbitration and Butler ’s current WAR ( Wins Above Replacement ) value of 1.5 converts to a value of $ 6.9 million on the free - agent market .
Also keep in mind the list of players Mellinger mentions in the article , because you can be sure that Butler ’s representation will be pointing out that list when they submit their salary demands prior to any arbitration hearing .
Every season after 2011 the contract continues to slant in the favor of the Royals assuming Butler continues to develop , and the Royals front office has to assume that he will , in fact , continue to improve during that span .
Billy gets the financial security of $ 40 million guaranteed over 5 years , which at this stage of his career might be worth taking , especially considering he would still be eligible for free agency after the 2014 season in the prime years of his career and still only 28 years old .
From the Royals standpoint they get a discount by locking him up early on in his career .
Players are always cheaper to sign when they are more unproven .
The team also benefits by having salary figures locked in on Butler instead of being subject to the unknowns of arbitration .
It is much easier to plan on how to allocate your budget and resources when you limit as many financial variables , such as arbitration , on as many players as you can .
Butler would join Soria as players with known salary values locked in through the 2014 season , while the other cornerstone on this team , Zack Greinke is locked in through 2012 .
My initial contract offer is probably too low for Butler to sign on , but I am willing to go quite a bit higher to keep him in Kansas City .
While I am willing to spend more , any increase in salary over the life of the contract would need to be coupled with at least 1 club option year for 2015 .
The bottom line is that Billy Butler is a special talent and I ’m not going to make the mistake of past regimes and wait too long to make a serious offer .
There is no way I let Butler become another Johnny Damon or Carlos Beltran .
They were players that could have been kept in KC if the organization made them a significant contract offer early on in their careers before they had established themselves and before free agency was close enough that there was no reason to sign an extension with the team .
The moral of the story of Damon , Beltran , and several other good players the Royals have watched leave town is that it is better to be a year early than a year late when making a long - term commitment .
Mellinger ’s article references some of the company Billy is in when it comes to statistics and the names he gives are impressive .
Names like Evan Longoria , Justin Upton , Adam Jones , Hanley Ramirez , and others pop off the page as you read them .
As every name ticks off the list you ca n’t help but get a little more excited about our lovable 1B .
I said it once already but it bears repeating ; Billy Butler is a special talent .
To find evidence of this beyond what Sam Mellinger covers , I took a look at the 1st round of the 2004 draft and what I found reinforces my belief that Billy should be signed immediately .
The Royals selected Butler 14th overall in the 1st round of the 2004 draft out of Wolfson HS in Jacksonville , FL .
Of the 30 1st round picks that year , 11 of them were position players .
Of those 11 players , Billy Butler stands out from the rest of the crowd with the exception of Diamondbacks SS - Stephen Drew .
First things first , here is a rundown of the other 9 position players drafted in the 1st round that year not named Drew or Butler .
The San Diego Padres got the ball rolling by selecting HS SS - Matthew Bush 1st overall .
He lasted only 812 plate appearances in the minor leagues and never got beyond high - A . Bush was out of baseball after the 2007 season hitting just 0.219/.294/.276 .
He was a signability pick , but the Padres surely expected more .
Instead they got one of the biggest first - round busts of all time .
The next position player taken was another HS SS .
Christopher Nelson was selected by the Colorado Rockies 9th overall .
Though he has n’t reached the majors yet , he has hit 0.268/.336/.425 in 2,118 PA in the minors .
He is currently in Double - A hitting 0.280/.355/.477 and at age 23 still has a future in baseball ahead of him .
The Pittsburgh Pirates selected HS C - Neil Walker 11th overall .
Just like Bush and Nelson , he has n’t reached the majors .
In 2007 Walker was moved from C to 3B .
In 2,569 PA in the minors he has hit 0.269/.316/.428 .
Walker is in AAA this season and in 295 PA he has hit 0.249/.298/.457 .
Billy Butler was taken 14th overall by the Royals and with the next pick , the Arizona Diamondbacks selected college SS - Stephen Drew with the next pick , 15th overall .
We will examine both of them more in depth in just a bit .
With the 18th overall pick , the Chicago White Sox selected college 3B - Josh Fields .
In 1,970 PA in the minors he has hit 0.274/.357/.456 to go with a 0.228/.302/.420 line in 729 PA at the ML level .
This season with the White Sox , in 251 PA , he has hit 0.220/.301/.354 .
Outside of his 2007 season with the White Sox when Fields hit 23 HR and had a solid 0.480 SLG , he has done very little and even then his OPS + was only 101 .
With 22 year old Gordon Beckham setting up shop at the hot corner for the White Sox this season , Fields ’ window of opportunity has all but closed .
The Minnesota Twins took the next position player when they selected HS SS - Trevor Plouffe 20th overall .
He has hit 0.255/.317/.380 in 2,799 PA in the minors .
Plouffe is currently in Triple - A and is hitting 0.253/.303/.379 in 403 PA this season .
Scrappy , smart , and fundamentally sound , he is the epitome of the typical Twins middle infielder but does n’t stand out in the organization .
He may reach the majors as a backup , but his chances to become an everyday ML player are almost non-existent .
HS OF - Greg Colson was selected 21st overall by the Philadelphia Phillies , but he is now in the Texas Rangers organization .
He has reached the majors to accumulate 5 SO in 7 PA and is still looking for his 1st ML hit .
In the minors he has hit 0.267/.311/.402 in 2,669 PA .
This season he is in Triple - A and is hitting 0.280/.319/.376 in 389 PA .
With a compensation pick from the Boston Red Sox , the Oakland Athletics selected college C - Landon Powell 24th overall .
Now 27 , he got his 1st taste of the majors this season hitting 0.256/.330/.407 in 97 PA .
In the minors Powell has hit 0.257/.362/.438 in 1,223 PA .
He reached the majors as a catcher and has put up respectable numbers .
His minor league track record and brief ML experience suggests that Powell has a decent career ahead of him in the majors as a backup catcher .
With their own pick , the Oakland Athletics selected college OF - Richard Robnett 26th overall .
The 25 - year old has hit 0.253/.329/.419 in 2,191 PA and is now with his third organization .
He is currently in AAA hitting 0.224/.278/.336 in 230 PA .
Barring some sort of major turnaround , reaching the majors is probably not going to happen for Robnett .
The Los Angeles Dodgers selected HS 2B - Blake DeWitt with the 28th overall pick .
He was the last position player taken in the 1st round in 2004 .
The 23 year old DeWitt has hit 0.277/.335/.441 in 2,427 Minor League PA and 0.255/.334/.375 in 455 Major League PA .
Now lets get back to Drew and Butler .
As mentioned above , SS - Drew was selected 15th overall by Diamondbacks out of Florida State University .
It took Drew only 774 PA , and a hitting line of 0.315/.385/.546 in the minors to firmly establish himself as a legit ML starting SS .
He has now amassed 1,893 PA with the D’Backs and has hit 0.273/.329/.453 in parts of four seasons at the ML level .
This season he is hitting 0.270/.333/.457 in 385 PA .
Drew is now 26 years old and figures to be a legit ML player for years to come .
However , he does not have the ability or potential to be named to multiple All - Star teams , let alone become the superstar that many people envisioned when he was draft .
Finally we come to Billy Butler , who the Royals drafted 14th overall out of HS .
Billy is only 23 yet he has already done more in his career than any of the other 10 position players taken in the 2004 draft .
Originally drafted as a 3B , the Royals moved him to the OF in 2005 before transitioning him to 1B in 2007 .
In just about 2 seasons , he has fashioned himself into a slightly below average ML 1B .
His career fielding % of 0.993 is right on the league average while his 9.10 RF9 is just below the league average RF9 of 9.18 .
This season he has a - 2.3 Ultimate Zone Rating ( UZR ) which is n’t great , but he is still improving .
Anyone who watches the Royals on a game - by - game basis knows firsthand how much better he looks at 1B now than he did at the start of the season .
Defense aside , Billy ’s value to the Royals is with the bat .
In 1,279 PA in the majors , he has hit 0.287/.341/.439 with 96 BB and only 179 SO .
This season he has hit 0.296/.354/.475 in 441 PA
while taking over as the team ’s primary # 3 hitter .
In 119 hits , before tonight ’s game , he had 33 doubles and 13 home runs and was on pace for 49 doubles and 19 home runs for the season .
Tonight Butler went 3 - 4 with 3 doubles giving him 36 on the season and bumping his pace up to 53 by the end of the year .
Hal McRae ’s single season team record of 54 , set in 1977 , is in serious jeopardy .
What Billy Butler has done in the majors should not come as a surprise to anyone who watched him hit in the minors .
In 1,779 Minor League PA , he hit 0.336/.416/.561 with 204 BB and only 267 SO .
Stephen Drew plays the more demanding position , but outside of that , Billy Butler is easily the best position player to come out of the 1st round of the 2004 draft .
On the strength of his bat , he has a chance to shatter Royals records and become a superstar .
Still 3 years younger than Drew and only 23 years old , the future looks very bright for Billy Butler .
The Royals need to recognize this and give him a long - term contract right now .
There should be little doubt regarding his future production .
At just 21 years old he hit 0.292/.347/.447 for the Royals , in 360 PA , in his first taste of the big leagues .
Greinke , Soria , and Butler are the cornerstones this franchise needs to build around .
They are the only 3 potentially elite players the team has and the first two have already signed contract extensions to remain with the Kansas City Royals .
It is time for Dayton Moore to do what it takes and sign Billy through at least 2014 .
how easy is it and can you easily go back and forth
PROLOG PORTION FOLLOWS
% This library is all we need to call Java from Prolog
:- ensure_loaded ( library ( jpl ) ) .
main
:-
% Create an object
jpl_new ( class ( [ ] , [' Test ' ] ) , [ ] , X ) ,
% Printing objects is like printing object ids
write ( X ) , nl ,
% Access a field of the object ; happens to be static
jpl_get ( X , state , Y ) ,
% Prints whatever the state 's value is
write (Y ) , nl .
JAVA PORTION FOLLOWS
//
This jar is all we need to call Prolog from Java
import jpl .*;
public class Test {
public static int state = 0 ;
public static void main ( String [ ] args ) {
// Consult a Prolog file
Query q1 = new Query ( " consult " , new Term [ ] { new Atom ( " Test.pro " ) } ) ;
// Prints boolean success / failure value
System.out.println(q1.query ( ) ) ;
// Affect static field .
// This way we can see whether Prolog sees the same JVM instance .
Test.state = 42 ;
// Invoke a predicate
Query q2 = new Query ( " main " ) ;
// Prints boolean success / failure value
System.out.println(q2.query ( ) ) ;
}
}
BUILDING and RUNNING BOTH
SO WHAT ?
I would like to mix Java and Prolog code on a number of occasions .
Together with a student of mine ( Joachim Pehl ) , we just convinced ourselves that the JPL library of SWI - Prolog is really cool .
Basically JPL allows you to call Prolog from Java and Java from Prolog .
But the question is , of course , .
For instance , can we call Prolog from Java and call back Java from Prolog and share Java state throughout ?
Sure it works ! javac - cp $ CLASSPATH:/opt/local/lib/swipl-5.6.62/lib/jpl.jar:.
Test.javajava - cp $ CLASSPATH:/opt/local/lib/swipl-5.6.62/lib/jpl.jar:.
- Djava.library.path="/opt/local/lib/swipl-5.6.62/lib/i386-darwin9.5.0 "
Testtrue@( J#00000000000016809476)42trueHence , we can start a Java app , have it start a Prolog engine and consult the Prolog portion of our app , then delegate from Java to Prolog , where we in turn call back on Java in the same JVM and can access some state that we left off in Java before we were calling Prolog .
PF
Oh , weird , an old - fashioned Code Pink protest at a Town Hall .
She is bugging John McCain , who kicks her out , because of the yelling .
Town
Hall disrupters are patriotic real Americans unless they are not .
Oh , and here is the Tom Coburn Town Hall , where a weeping woman asks a Republican Senator for government help because her husband suffered a brain injury and then his insurance was canceled , and Coburn suggests that she should ask her neighbors for help , because Government Is Never The Answer , even though in any other industrialized democracy in the goddamn world this woman would not need to beg her Senator for basic medical care for her sick husband .
Michael Jackson died from cardiac arrest in his rented home Michael Jackson 's death was homicide , primarily caused by the powerful anaesthetic Propofol , the Los Angeles coroner has confirmed .
The singer suffered a cardiac arrest at his Los Angeles home in June , aged 50 .
Propofol and the sedative Lorazepam were the " primary drugs responsible for Mr Jackson 's death " , but four further drugs were also found , the report said .
The coroner 's verdict increases the chances of criminal charges being brought against Jackson 's doctors .
Police have interviewed his personal physician Dr Conrad Murray but he has not been named as a suspect .
He has strenuously denied any wrongdoing .
" The cause of death was established as acute Propofol intoxication , " a statement from the coroner said .
Propofol is normally administered to patients having surgery in hospital .
WHAT IS PROPOFOL ?
A powerful anaesthetic usually used before and during surgery Can also be used in small doses to reduce stress or anxiety Produced as a white , opaque fluid and administered intravenously Marketed under the trade name Diprivan " The manner of death has been ruled : Homicide , " it adds .
In the US , homicide refers to the killing of one person by another and includes manslaughter and murder .
A cocktail of drugs - also including sedatives Midazolam and Diazepam , the painkiller Lidocaine and the stimulant Ephedrine - were detected in his body .
The full toxicology report remains sealed , at the request of the LA Police Department ( LAPD ) and the city 's district attorney .
California 's attorney general will now open an independent investigation into several doctors whose names have come up in connection with Jackson 's death .
David Willis , BBC News , Los Angeles
Michael Jackson had apparently been finding it difficult to sleep in the run-up to a series of comeback concerts in London .
It was Michael Jackson himself who persuaded the company that was promoting his comeback tour to hire Dr Murray , a cardiologist by training , on a salary of more than a $ 150,000 a month .
Dr Murray has acknowledged administering Propofol and Lorazepam on the day the singer died in an attempt to get him to sleep .
Dr Murray has denied any wrongdoing but it will now be up to the District Attorney to decide whether to lay charges in this case .
Dr Murray 's lawyer said the latest information " contains nothing new " and demanded that the coroner 's office release the full autopsy report .
Edward Chernoff said he needed to know the exact levels of the various drugs in Jackson 's system and said the refusal to release the report suggested " gamesmanship " .
" One has to wonder why the coroner felt compelled to release anything at all if the police investigation is not yet complete , " he said .
Dr Murray told police he had been giving Jackson propofol as part of his treatment for insomnia , according to an affidavit made public on Monday .
The affidavit said Dr Murray had been giving Jackson propofol daily for six weeks but he was concerned that the singer was becoming addicted to the drug and had been trying to wean him off , using alternative drugs .
Dr Murray told investigators he was not the first doctor to administer propofol to the star .
On the morning of the singer 's death , Dr Murray is reported to have given Jackson a lower dosage of propofol - on the singer 's insistence - after a number of other drugs had not worked .
Conrad Murray insists he has done nothing wrong
The last time Dr Murray administered the medication was 1040 on 25 June , just hours before Jackson 's heart stopped .
Dr Murray is known to have performed CPR on his patient while paramedics were called , but Jackson was declared dead when he arrived at hospital .
Police and federal agents have raided Dr Murray 's offices in Las Vegas , Nevada , and Houston , Texas , and a Las Vegas pharmacy that provided the drugs .
Jackson 's family welcomed the coroner 's findings .
" The Jackson family again wishes to commend the actions of the coroner , the LAPD and other law enforcement agencies , and looks forward to the day that justice can be served , " the family said in a statement .
The singer will be buried on Thursday at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , a suburb of Los Angeles , in a private ceremony .
The burial was initially scheduled to take place on Saturday - on what would have been Jackson 's 51st birthday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There is n’t too much to say beyond what Helen Thomas says …
After this dust up Thomas went on …
Nixon did n’t try to do that .
They could n’t control [ the media ] .
They did n’t try that .
What the hell do they think we are , puppets ?
They ’re supposed to stay out of our business .
They are our public servants .
We pay them . …
I ’m not saying there has never been managed news before , but this is carried to fare - thee - well –for the town halls , for the press conferences .
It ’s blatant .
They do n’t give a damn if you know it or not .
They ought to be hanging their heads in shame .
You know , I never thought I ’d say this , but God bless Helen Thomas …
She nailed this issue to the cross , and she still has a bit of game left .
Alan Speakman
Like this post ?
Share it !
Email
Tweet
Related
Collaborating with the Royal Veterinary College , Dugan recruited a team of experts including the evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins ( the author of The God Delusion ) who , says Dugan , got “ terribly excited ” by the prospect of dissecting a giraffe .
Its anatomy is key in proving evolution over intelligent design ( the belief that the complexity of living things demonstrates the existence of a creator ) .
Rather than passing a few inches directly between the larynx and the brain , the giraffe ’s recurrent laryngeal nerve ( which stimulates the voice box ) takes a huge detour up and down the neck .
This , says Dawkins , is not the work of Intelligent Design : “ A designer can go back to the drawing board and come back with something more sensible .
Evolution can’t .
Evolution has no foresight . ”
This is the endorsements of Senator Ted Kennedy , Congressman Patrick Kennedy and Caroline Kennedy .
Senator Ted Kennedy 's endorsement was the single most important endorsement that turned the tide for Barack Obama .
Memory lane , remembering Ted Kennedy .
Home Page
Communication has become very tough over the years .
Today you can text , email , use a cell phone or skype , use google voice , facebook , twitter AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!
Too much to handle .
Do n’t you wish you had someone to break it all down for you and explain to you what to do to communicate effectively with women ?
Well lucky for you I ’m here and I have put together a list of instructions on proper Cell Phone Dating Usage .
Baby steps .
First learn when to call and proper cell phone dating usage then you can move on to other areas .
*****************
Today , it is harder to find someone without a cell phone than it is to hunt for sharks on land .
They have become our lifelines , our connection to the world .
While the advancements in technology have had many benefits , they have also created new fears and social definitions when it comes to traditional communication .
Lately , it seems that cell phones have squashed many social graces and created a new way for people to communicate .
When it comes to meeting and dating members of the opposite sex , however , some elements of tradition should be maintained .
The myth exists that women want extravagance and luxury , but you will be surprised to find how far you can go with a little respect and chivalrous behavior .
The woman of today has focused on her career , and as a result , can often support herself financially .
The last things she wants is a man to spoil her and make her feel like an item that can be bought off of a shelf ; however , the woman of today does want to feel like a lady .
A great place to start treating a woman like a lady pertains to the phone .
Now , this is not going to be a how - to that guides you from the start .
This is assuming you have already approached and struck up a conversation with someone you are interested in .
Maybe you met her at a bar , or coffee shop or even the park .
Pay attention to her body language and look for signs that she is interested .
Is she smiling a lot ?
When she makes eye contact , does she hold her head down and look up at you ?
Has she playfully and lightly touched your arm ?
Finally and most importantly , does she seem reluctant to end the conversation when it is clearly time to leave ?
If you are interested in her and if she is displaying these behaviors , which tend to come naturally when one person is attracted to another , you may ask her for her phone number .
This is when the “ Cell Phone Dating Rules ” begin .
The initial meeting …
Do : Call her phone immediately
Since practically everyone has a cell phone nowadays , the most obvious way to take down a phone number is to enter it straight into your phone .
Assuming this is the case , it is always a good idea to call her phone so that she has your number as well .
This tells the woman you are interested in that you do intend to call and you want her to be able to recognize your number when you do .
Do this in front of her and tell her you ’re doing it .
This also serves another purpose : if you have misread her signs and she has given you a fake number , you will know immediately .
Do n’t : Call her the night you meet her
This is assuming you have met the woman in a bar or somewhere else that you did not leave until late at night .
Unless you are looking for a purely physical relationship , do not call her the night you meet her .
Calling late night says one of two things : one , you are just interested in hooking up and you want to do so before your buzz wears off and your judgment returns or two , you are desperate .
For you movie buffs , think about the scene in Swingers when Jon Favreau ’s character meets a girl in a bar and upon returning home , proceeds to call her repeatedly until she finally answers .
When she does answer , she demands that he never calls her again .
So quickly , Favreau ’s character goes from “ nice guy ” to “ psycho . ”
Do n’t be that guy .
Setting up a date …
Do : Actually call her 2 - 3 days after the initial meeting
Now that you have managed to refrain from calling her immediately , you can safely call her 2 - 3 days after your initial meeting to set up a date .
When you call the first time , actually use the phone to call her .
You are trying to make a good impression ; do not send an email or text message .
This is when tradition comes into play .
With the advancements in technology came a sudden acceptance of text messages and emails as forms of communication .
However , if you would like to stand out from the rest of the immature co-eds , use the phone and make the call .
Women appreciate this more than you would expect .
For instance , I have a friend who recently met a guy in our hometown while we were out at a local bar .
Since we are from a small town , our friends already knew the guy and warned her that he was a loser .
She listened to their warnings and debated whether to heed them or not .
However , a few days later , while we were talking , she said , “ He may be a loser , but he actually called me .
He did not text , he called . ”
She ignored the warnings and went out with him anyway .
A few days later , when he called her again , she went out with him again .
The phone call was all it took for her to give him a chance .
Do n’t : Call more than once
This goes back to that idea of being too desperate .
The girl you met may screen your call to see if you are calling just to call , or calling to set up a date .
Do yourself a favor and leave a message with your reason for calling the first time you call .
Do not assume she will return a missed call without a voicemail and do not call back a second time because you did not leave a message the first .
As much as we may deny it , dating is a game .
There are rules and strategies that should be followed .
Make the call , leave a message letting her know that you would like to see her again , then wait for her to get back to you .
While on the date …
Do : Keep your phone out of your date
When you are on a date , the person you are with should be the focus .
Keep your phone out of view and on silent .
If you constantly have calls , messages and emails coming through , your date will start to assume that she is keeping you from more important things .
She may also assume that you have other girls calling ( which you may ) and decline any further dates .
The only thing worse than the phone ringing during a date is if you actually answer the calls or respond to the messages and emails .
Your date wants to feel special .
If you cannot dedicate a few hours without a connection to the outside world , why should the girl you ’re with give up any more of her time for you ?
Obviously , something like a family emergency is different , but it you are in a situation where you need to respond to work calls , do not schedule a date at that time .
Honestly , your date should not even know you have a phone on you .
After the date …
Do : Follow up with a call
After the initial date , and assuming you would like to see the woman again , a follow - up call is always a good idea .
While you can get away with an email this time , a phone call makes a better impression .
After a first date , both parties often feel insecure and vulnerable .
Not only will a follow - up call will allow you to ease the other person ’s anxiety , it will also give you an idea of how the other person felt about your connection .
If it seems like both of you enjoyed yourself , you can also use a follow up call to schedule a second date .
Remember , while women may be intimidating and hard to read at times , there are some simple things you can do to increase your chances of a connection .
Do n’t forget to act like a gentleman and maintain some of the traditions that have withstood the test of time .
While women may no longer rely on men to take care of them , they do like to feel special and important .
For more information on proper techniques to use with women and direct instruction on what women want check out the program What ’s Inside A Woman ’s Mind .
In this 5 hour program we reveal to you everything women want not just how to properly use your cell phone for dating !
Claim : Consumers who visit the “ Cash for Clunkers ” web site must agree that their computers become U.S. government property .
FALSE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , July 2009 ]
DO NOT GO ON CARS .GOV , a disclaimer says by using the site your computer and all of it ’s files are then property of the government .
This means they can look at your computer anytime and if you use a program like Skype they can eaves drop on any call you make .
It is like having the government sitting by your side as you use it .
DO NOT GO ON CARS .GOV , a disclaimer says by using the site your computer and all of it ’s files are then property of the government .
This means they can look at your computer anytime and if you use a program like Skype they can eaves drop on any call you make .
It is like having the government sitting by your side as you use it .
WARNING – DO NOT LOG ON TO CARS.GOV
If you log on to cars.gov and accept the privacy terms , the government now has the right to take all the information on your computer .
That will include all your personal information , bank records , transactions , web site log ins , EVERYTHING ON YOUR COMPUTER .
I am not saying the government will take your personal information .
I am telling you that accepting the terms will allow them to .
Is this what our government is coming to ?
Origins : CARS.gov is the web site for the U.S. government ’s Car Allowance Rebate System ( CARS ) , a program more commonly referred to as “ Cash for Clunkers ” which provides consumers with $ 3,500 or $ 4,500 discounts for their trade - ins when they purchase or lease new vehicles .
In late July 2009 , a rumor began spreading ( promulgated widely by FOX News ’ Glenn Beck ) that the terms and conditions on the CARS.
gov web site specified that by using the site , consumers explicitly agreed that
their computers would be considered U.S. government property .
This false rumor was based on someone ’s mistaken application to the general public of a “ Privacy Act & Security Statement ” linked from the CARS.gov web site ( the wording of which has since been changed ) .
Prior to 3 August 2009 , the CARS.gov web site did include a privacy statement declaring that :
This application provides access to the DOT CARS system .
When logged on to the CARS system , your computer is considered a federal computer system and it is property of the United States Government .
Any or all uses of this system and all files on this system may be intercepted , monitored , recorded , copied , audited , inspected , and disclosed to authorized CARS , DOT , and law enforcement personnel , as well as authorized officials of other agencies , both domestic and foreign .
However , the statement in question was actually tied to the “ Submit Transaction ” function on the Dealer Support portion of the web site and related only to a login page for entry to the Enterprise Services Center ( ESC ) web site at esc.gov , which is used by automobile dealers ( not consumers ) who have been authorized and registered to participate in the CARS program .
That statement did not apply to consumers who might use the site to obtain benefits from the CARS program ; it was something consumers would never encounter in the ordinary use of the web site , and it was not something they had to agree to in order to claim benefits from the CARS program .
Although Beck did mention that the statement was something dealers would encounter , he and his co-discussionist in that segment , FOX News anchor Kimberly
Guilfoyle , also misleadingly implied that it applied to consumers , telling the audience “ I recommend that you do not try this at home ” and “ People should n’t go on [ the CARS.gov site ] right now , ” and asserting that clicking on the web site would give the government complete access to consumers ’ home computers ( despite proffering no evidence that the web site was even capable of such a function ) .
According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , even consumers who may have inadvertently stumbled across the notice and mistakenly clicked on it were not in danger of having the “ government take all the information on their computers ” :
Clicking “ continue ” on a poorly worded Terms of Service on a government site will not give the government the ability to “ tap into your system … any time they want . ”
The seizure of the personal and private information stored on your computer through a one - sided click - through terms of service is not “ conscionable ” as lawyers say , and would not be enforceable even if the cars.gov website was capable of doing it , which we seriously doubt .
Moreover , the law has long forbidden the government from requiring you to give up unrelated constitutional rights as a condition of receiving discretionary government benefits like participation in the Cars for Clunkers program .
As of 3 August 2009 , the wording of the Privacy Act & Security Statement presented to dealers who submit transactions through the CARS.gov web site was changed to the following :
This notice is provided pursuant to the Privacy Act of 1974 , 5 USC § 552a : This information is solicited under the authority of Public Law 111 - 32 , 123 Stat.
1859 .
Furnishing the information is voluntary , but failure to provide all or part of the information may result in disapproval of your request for a credit on this purchase or lease transaction under the Cars Program .
The principal purposes for collecting the information are to determine if purchase or lease transactions are eligible for credits under the CARS Program , to ensure proper disposal of trade - in vehicles , to prevent , identify and penalize fraud in connection with the Program , and to update an existing government database of Vehicle Identification Numbers .
If you complete the optional survey , the survey information will be used to report to Congress on the Program .
Other routine uses are published in the Federal Register at 65 F.R. 19476 ( April 11 , 2000 ) , available at : www.dot.gov/privacy.
In short , there was once a poorly - worded privacy statement on the CARS.gov site , but it never applied to ordinary consumers visiting the site ( just dealers ) , and it has since been changed .
Consumers visiting the CARS.gov web site do not ( and never did ) have to agree that the federal government can own or take control of their computers .
A collection of visual effects news , links and reviews , Behind d scenes & making of visual effects , some tutorial links on vfx & compositing n other stuff
Love him or hate him -- and he gave us plenty of reason to do both -- Claude " Pepe " Lemieux was one of those rare athletes who could ignore pressure and prevail at the game 's highest level until he announced his second retirement from the game during a Wednesday press conference .
And , he has the 1995 Conn Smythe to prove it .
That , and the fact he ranks ninth all - time in NHL history with 80 Stanley Cup Playoff goals .
The memory persists of No. 22 flying down the right wing , drawing the stick back for his blasting slap shot and drilling a Stanley Cup Playoff goal past Mike Vernon ( 1986 Flames and 1995 Red Wings ) or John Vanbiesbrouck ( 1996 Panthers ) or Ed Belfour ( 2000 Stars ) .
Lemieux played 18 seasons with the Montreal Canadiens Phoenix Coyotes and Dallas Stars , winning four Stanley Cups , before retiring after the 2003 season .
After five years away from the game , he made a comeback last season , starting with two games for the China Sharks of the Asia League Ice Hockey and then 23 games with the AHL Worcester Sharks before being promoted for 18 late - season games with San Jose .
Lemieux 's comeback did n't go the way he'd hope , the result of a midseason battle with pneumonia and a fractured jaw in early March .
Lemieux had one assist for the Sharks , bringing his lifetime totals to 379 goals and 407 assists for 786 points in 1,215 NHL games , a 0.65 points - per - game pace .
Lemieux added 77 assists for 157 points in 234 Stanley Cup Playoff games , or 0.67 points per game .
Lemieux made a brief reference to " some of the goofy things I 've done " Wednesday in his retirement teleconference with the media and thanked them for overlooking those things when they selected him as the 1995 Conn Smythe Trophy winner for leading the Devils past the Red Wings .
" I want to say how grateful I am to the game of hockey and to everybody that supported me for allowing me this comeback , " Lemieux said .
" It was a dream come true last year .
I 'm so thankful to the San Jose Sharks for giving me this opportunity to live this dream .
" Last year will be forever and I will remember it as one of the highlights of my career .
" Lemieux won the Stanley Cup with the 1986 Montreal Canadiens , 1995 New Jersey Devils , the 1996 Colorado Avalanche and the 2000 Devils .
He is one of only eight players to win the Stanley Cup with three different teams and one of only five to win in back - to - back years with different clubs .
It was Lemieux who kick - started the angry rivalry between the Red Wings and the Avalanche with the 1996 hit from behind on Kris Draper , the low bridge on Vladimir Konstantinov and the sucker punch on Slava Kozlov .
He paid a big price the next year when Darren McCarty beat him badly but he stood up to McCarty a year later .
Lemieux led the 1995 Stanley Cup Playoffs with 13 goals , including three game winners , after scoring only six times in the regular season .
He shut down Cam Neely , while scoring twice , helping the Devils beat the Boston Bruins in five games in the first round .
He had four goals in the first two games of the next series against the Pittsburgh Penguins , the Devils winning in five games after dropping the opener .
Lemieux beat Ron Hextall with a slap shot with 44 seconds to play in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference Final against the Philadelphia Flyers and he had the final goal in the 4 - 2 triumph in Game 6 .
The 1995 Stanley Cup Playoffs remains the highlight of his career , for reasons beyond hockey , Lemieux said .
" It was very special and I was very emotional , " Lemieux said .
" When I see pictures or watch the tapes , I can see my tears .
My son asked , ' Dad , why are you crying ? '" I went through one of the worst regular seasons of all times to bounce back from an all - time low to an all - time high .
I had gone through personal tough times away from the rink , going through a divorce .
The combination made it very emotional for me .
" I was selected by the media who often were highly critical of me for my style of play , more times than not for good reasons , " Lemieux continued .
" Some of the goofy things I did or said .
It meant a lot to me that the media would select me and for me to be the winner of that trophy .
Obviously , I 'm very proud of having the opportunity to play on such great teams .
" I have a picture of me , the Conn Smythe Trophy and the Stanley Cup together in the locker room and it does n't get much better than that .
" Lemieux said his comeback was n't easy .
" I 'd be lying if I said I did n't question myself , " he said , speaking specifically of his tenure in the AHL .
" There were times , riding the bus , playing three games in three nights , and going back to the hotel wondering how much longer it would be until I 'd feel the way I wanted to feel .
At Christmas , I was n't quite ready and got a little sick from pneumonia , walking pneumonia .
" I had put my body through a pretty tough task , training .
At the time we did it , I felt I was ready , where I wanted to be to contribute .
Unfortunately , I had an injury and did n't quite play as well as I wanted , but I was awfully proud that I did and I have no regrets .
" Sharks General Manager Doug Wilson praised Lemieux for his work ethic and contributions to the development of his younger players .
He said Lemieux earned his promotion to San Jose .
" I can't say enough for Claude and the tremendous respect I have for Claude and his family , " Wilson said .
" He showed our players -- not only in San Jose , but in Worcester -- his love for the game and how a professional trains for the game .
Our players who saw this firsthand will benefit from this for years to come .
He 's one of the great players to play the game .
" Wilson said Lemieux brought two important characteristics to his comeback .
" One , he 's genetically gifted and , two , just the desire , " Wilson said .
" He 's a unique and special person .
If he puts his mind to something , he succeeds .
" Lemieux was asked if his career warrants inclusion into the Hockey Hall of Fame .
He showed he can live with it either way .
" I think of all the guys there who had good careers and were successful and hope some day that I can be in that great club , " Lemieux said .
" I 've always said if it happens some day , it 's an amazing bonus .
And , if I do n't , it 's because I was n't good enough . "
Terrific chart accompanying this Sunday Times article by Louis Uchitelle , titled When , Oh When , Will HELP Be WANTED ?
>
Chart via NYT
>
Source :
When , Oh When , Will HELP Be WANTED ?
LOUIS UCHITELLE
NYT , July 18 , 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/19/weekinreview/19uchitelle.html
Slideshow ( 5 images )
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Israeli aircraft bombed a tunnel under the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt on Tuesday , killing three Palestinians inside , medical workers said .
An Israeli military spokeswoman said planes attacked the tunnel after Gaza militants fired rockets into southern Israel on Monday , slightly wounding one soldier .
Palestinian medical workers said three workers in the tunnel , part of a system used mostly to smuggle goods and weapons into the Gaza Strip , were killed and six wounded when the tunnel collapsed in the attack .
Gaza ’s smuggling tunnels , which still number in the hundreds despite air attacks and an Egyptian crackdown in which some have been blown up or flooded , are a frequent target of Israeli retaliation for attacks by Gaza ’s armed Palestinian groups .
Smugglers send weapons and goods through tunnels to Gaza to circumvent an Israeli - led blockade .
The level of cross - border violence between Israel and the Islamist group Hamas , which controls the Gaza Strip , had been relatively low in recent weeks .
In January , Israel ended a devastating three - week military offensive into the coastal territory aimed at ending Palestinian rocket fire into southern Israel .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Health experts are warning parents against holding " swine flu parties " in the hope of infecting their children with the H1N1 virus .
Travelers take precautions against the H1N1 virus in Kuala Lumpur .
Talk of swine flu parties has emerged on Internet forums .
The idea is that exposing a child to the H1N1 virus while it remains relatively mild will give the child immunity if the virus returns in a more virulent form later on .
The idea is an extension of chicken pox and measles parties that were once a popular way of exposing children to those diseases so that they might acquire resistance to subsequent infections .
But health officials have been quick to condemn the idea .
Speaking at a conference , Dr Richard Jarvis , chairman of the British Medical Association 's public health committee , said " I have heard of reports of people throwing swine flu parties .
I do n't think it is a good idea .
" I would not want it myself .
It is quite a mild virus , but people still get ill and there is a risk of mortality . "
Last month , Richard Besser , the acting head of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , also warned against deliberately exposing people to the virus .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
While it 's not clear if any swine flu parties have been held , Justine Roberts , the founder of Web site mumsnet , today told BBC Radio 4 that some people have been discussing the idea .
" We have heard of people saying ' can we come round to your house when you get it ? " she said .
" There 's definitely a prevailing view that it might be better to get it now and some people are not despairing if there is a case in their school . "
Flu epidemics often come in waves and there are fears that a more virulent form of H1N1 may strike in the fall .
That happened with the Spanish flu pandemic in 1918 .
Researchers at George Washington University in Washington DC have studied the 1918 pandemic and have found that in areas where there were more cases during the first wave of Spanish flu , there were fewer deaths during its second wave , in the fall of that year .
The suggestion is that exposure to the first wave of the flu conferred immunity to its second wave .
But H1N1 is still very much an unknown quantity .
Experts warn that little is known about the virus and that actively encouraging its spread could risk the health of those who are most vulnerable .
While the symptoms associated with swine flu are not usually life threatening among people in good health , it can be deadly for elderly people or those with other medical conditions .
The latest figures from the World Health Organization show there have now been 311 confirmed deaths around the world from the H1N1 virus first identified in Mexico this spring , and just over 70,000 infections in 113 countries .
Deforestation is a main environmental concern in the world .
Deforestation includes the cutting down , burning , and destructing of forests .
Numerous researches suggests that deforestation may be the first link in a chain of environment degradation that includes erosion , climatic changes , loss of biodiversity and genetic endowment , air pollution , decline in watershed functions , and the apparent loss of hardwood , fuel wood , and aesthetic stocks .
Population explosion is major basis for decline of the rain forests .
These forests are being cut down at a petrifying rate to supply man with lumber , pasture land , and farm land .
The outcome of such human activities is deforestation ; the world ’s most valuable environment is being ruined .
Plants and animals life is gradually diminishing as the natural habitats are bested .
Deforestation occurs because people need land for agricultural .
Large companies clear vast amounts of land , often for cattle pastures to fill the beef market .
They also use the land for large plantations and use pesticides and irrigation systems that are very harmful to the land .
The chemicals which are used to destroy pests also kill other animals and cause a lot of damage to surrounding areas .
The rain washes the chemicals into the water system killing the aquatic life .
The use of Land in such a way affects negatively the surrounding areas .
It also can take centuries to re-grow .
There is solid cause of deforestation which is mainly related to a competitive global economy .
It forces countries to utilize their only resource for funds .
This process takes place at local and national level .
Locally , people use land for farming to generate income because of poverty and population growth .
Nationally , governments sell logging concessions to cover debts and develop industries .
People are using their rainforests only for a short - term solution and could not assess the long term effects of their distractive activities .
It is predicted that half the rain in tropical countries comes from evaporation of moisture from the covering of the trees .
As trees and plants are destroyed , the moist awning of the tropical rain forest rapidly reduces .
Evaporation and Evapotranspiration processes from the trees and plants return large quantities of water to the local atmosphere , promoting the formation of clouds and precipitation .
Due to less evaporation , more of the Sun ’s energy is able to warm the surface and the air above which leads to increase in temperatures and the drying of land .
Today , it is novel policies and program of development ; rapid industrialization , urbanization and growing consumerism that have resulted in the large scale destruction of the forests .
Due to the difficulty of deforestation , a major environmental issue , many clashes have arisen between environmental activist groups and those concerned in deforestation activities .
The solutions to crisis of deforestation lie in dealing with the root cause .
To resolve the issue , experts have to consider the economic problems that lie at the heart of the situation .
Many proposals have been offered such as sustainable wood sources .
If deforestation continues at its current rate then in just 100 years , there will be no more rainforests left at all and people will be the most sufferers .
Governments and environmentalists are facing major challenge - what steps must be taken to stop deforestation so that current environmental conditions would not get poorer .
Scarcity and over population are main causes which alarms to governments .
Policies must be made to overcome such problems so that we can save our forest and animals .
Environmentalists and forestry supporters have been telling people and governments to instantly act on the problem regarding continued deforestation practices all around the world .
Deforestation could be gradually stopped if people would be more environmentally mindful .
That means , to speed up efforts in stopping deforestation .
We must start participating in recycling programs .
Governments should also implement legislations that would successfully prevent the deforestation process .
Government must encourage reforestation which is the sought - after healing process
Everyone must understand that rainforest are splendid , exceptional gift of nature on our valuable Earth .
If preventive measures are not taken immediately to stop the effects of deforestation , humans will be under grip of severe crisis .
They may lose animals , plants , and there are great possibilities for dreaded diseases that are killing off our own race .
All people must join their hands to work out a plan that is appropriate for businesses , governments , and most importantly the environment .
Another important threat to human is that deforestation leads not only to species annihilation but also to loss of the genetic diversity that could help certain species adjust to a changing world .
People are well familiar with the environmental crisis which can happen due to deforestation .
Still they are destroying speedily .
The effects of deforestation can be devastating .
It can lose the land of its natural aesthetic .
In coming years , dangerous consequences will be visible .
Deforestation can damage to the environment , usually stemming from its ability to cause land erosion .
When an area is cleared , the soil under the surface is essentially stripped of the roots that provided it structural integrity and support .
Without this support , the force of water , gravity , or both can cause the land to move , either as one piece , or more commonly , steadily and incrementally .
Soil erosion due to deforestation is the main cause of Costa Rica ’s environmental calamity such as flooding , desertification and sedimentation in rivers , long - term hydroelectric shortages , loss of wildlife diversity , and the obvious depletion of the wood resources .
Such a severe climate change can be arrested through reducing tropical deforestation .
Deforestation bans and moratoria can effectively work if implemented properly .
Deforestation of is a severe environmental destruction which can not be revived if damaged at current rate .
People cut down trees to meet out their own need without considering future outcome .
They do not recognize about the damage they are doing .
The deforestation affects the plant life .
People have general impression that if trees are cuts down , it will grow back in a few years .
Plants will ultimately grow back , but the forest will be changed into a secondary forest and may never be the same .
While long warranties are a strong selling point in the automotive world -- a sign of confidence from the manufacturer -- in gadget land bonus repair coverage usually comes along with some chronic problem .
Most notable was the Xbox 360's iconic RRoD , and now a new failure is continuing that console 's reliability black eye : the E74 message .
It 's said to be caused by a bogus AV connector or graphics chip , and while the message does n't necessarily result in the same ring of crimson that caused Microsoft to extend the warranty the first time around , the company has announced it will cover E74 - afflicted consoles for that same three year period , and will refund any money already spent by those fixing this issue .
It 's another classy move by Microsoft , but another worrying failure in an already disconcertingly fragile box .
[ Via Gamezine.co.uk ]
Judge Sotomayor ’s confirmation was never in much doubt , given Democrats ’ numerical advantage in the Senate .
But the final vote showed a partisan divide .
No Democrat voted against her , while all but 9 of the chamber ’s 40 Republicans did so .
She will become the first justice nominated by a Democratic president to join the court since 1994 .
Senator Edward M. Kennedy , Democrat of Massachusetts , is ailing and did not vote .
But the rest of the Senate filled the chamber beneath a packed gallery , solemnly rising one by one to cast a vote in the hushed room .
Senator Robert C. Byrd , the 91 - year - old Democrat of West Virginia who has also been ill , made a rare appearance in a wheelchair , raising his hand and murmuring his assent with a smile when a clerk called his name .
During three days of debate on the Senate floor , Republicans labeled Judge Sotomayor a judicial activist , criticizing several of her speeches about foreign law and judicial diversity  including a now - famous line lauding a “ wise Latina ” judge  as well as her votes in cases involving Second Amendment rights , property rights and a racial discrimination claim brought by white firefighters in New Haven .
“ Judge Sotomayor is certainly a fine person with an impressive story and a distinguished background , ” the Senate Republican leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , said this week .
“ But a judge must be able to check his or her personal or political agenda at the courtroom door and do justice evenhandedly , as the judicial oath requires .
This is the most fundamental test .
It is a test that Judge Sotomayor does not pass . ”
Image President Obama , on Thursday , hailed the confirmation as breaking yet another barrier .
Credit ... Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
Democrats portrayed Judge Sotomayor as a qualified judge whose biography  rising from humble beginnings to excel at two Ivy League universities , serve stints as a prosecutor and corporate lawyer , and then 17 years as a district and appeals court judge  is a classic American success story .
Her judicial record , they said , is moderate and mainstream .
“ Judge Sotomayor ’s career and judicial record demonstrates that she has always followed the rule of law , ” Senator Patrick J. Leahy , Democrat of Vermont and chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said on Thursday .
“ Attempts at distorting that record by suggesting that her ethnicity or heritage will be the driving force in her decisions as a justice of the Supreme Court are demeaning to women and all communities of color . ”
I was in the Boston airport late this morning flying to LaGuardia .
As I was talking on my phone , I recognized Congressman Barney Frank walking past me .
Not wanting to miss the opportunity , I hung up my cell phone and approached Congressman Frank .
Here is our conversation :
Me : " Congressman Frank ( handshake ) , why are you holding H.R. 1207 in committee ? "
Frank : " What is 1207 ? "
Me : " Ron Paul ’s bill to audit the Fed . "
Frank : " Oh , yeah .
Ron and I have talked about that .
We are going to attach it to a comprehensive monetary Fed bill . "
Me : " But you ’re not going to water it down , right ? "
Frank : " No , we do n’t want people to trade off of what the Fed is doing so we do n’t want it released the same day . "
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Me : " Cause the American people deserve to know what the Fed is doing ? "
Frank : " That ’s what I just said .
You come up to me and you ’ve got a chip on your shoulder .
And I do n’t understand it ! "
Turns and walks away .
( Frank ’s statement that he " does n’t want people to trade off what the Fed is doing " is absurd .
An audit takes place after an action .
Even releasing it the same day would n’t matter as one would need foreknowledge to take advantage of the Fed ’s actions in the way Frank is talking about .
Besides , the Fed already publishes press releases , policy statements , speeches , etc .
In addition , how perverted is it that every investment decision is subject to the actions of a small group of central planners ? )
Now , to be fair , I should have introduced myself to Congressman Frank and thanked him for some really great piece of legislation he had introduced — except that as a libertarian , I could n’t think of anything worthwhile to thank him for — but I was excited and wanted to catch him before he boarded his plane ( he was flying to Reagan , one gate down from mine ) .
However , I was pleasant , courteous , and respectful during the entire encounter and would have gladly thanked him for his time given the chance .
Instead Congressman
Frank stormed off like a petulant child .
I guess when it comes to politicians and their constituents ( read employees and their bosses ) courtesy and respect are a one - way street .
The Best of Glenn Jacobs
David Cameron 's attempts to detoxify his party are dealt a further blow today with details revealed for the first time of his extensive travel by private jet and helicopter funded by multi-millionaire businessmen .
The Conservative leader has accepted more than 60 flights by luxury plane and helicopter from 10 industrialists and plutocrats with a combined fortune of £ 3bn , figures obtained by The Independent on Sunday reveal .
Many of the flights were for short trips in the UK that could have been easily made by road or rail , although together the air mileage would have taken Mr Cameron to Sydney and back – casting his much - vaunted commitment to the environment in a poor light .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They also undermined Mr Cameron 's attempts to rebrand the Tories and shake off the perception that it is heavily dependent on a small band of the super - rich .
One of the millionaire businessmen , the steel industrialist Andrew Cook , told the IoS yesterday how he helped to shape Mr Cameron 's energy policy .
The revelations capped a difficult week for Mr Cameron in which Tory frontbencher Alan Duncan complained that MPs were forced to live on " rations " and Tory MEP Daniel Hannan attacked the NHS as a " failure " .
Mr Cameron slapped down both men but did not formally discipline them .
Gordon Brown , on holiday in the Lake District , sought to exploit the Tory difficulties by effectively firing the starting gun on the election campaign : he said Labour would put the NHS centre stage in the battle to win a fourth term .
David Cameron flights -
Last week 's events , in which Mr Cameron and the Tory leadership were apparently blindsided by an unprecedented internet campaign in defence of the NHS and which coincided with Peter Mandelson " minding the shop " in Downing Street , were being seen as a dress rehearsal for an election .
The unexpectedly turbulent few days are all the more difficult for the Tory leader because he has put the NHS and the environment at the heart of his project to rebrand the Conservative Party .
He has also led the way on reforming the much - derided parliamentary expenses system .
The ongoing storm over the Tories ' new alliance with the right - wing Polish Law and Justice Party and their leader in the European Parliament , Michal Kaminski , also continues to trouble Tory strategists .
While Labour is still odds - on to lose when polling day comes , the " perfect storm " for the Tories gave Labour 's supporters a glimmer of hope that they stand a fighting chance of avoiding a landslide defeat .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
In the Register of Interests , Mr Cameron lists only the names of the donors who pay for his flights , but not the details of every trip .
The detailed list , which he has submitted to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards and has been obtained by the IoS , shows 60 flights since he became leader in December 2005 .
Calculations by this newspaper reveal that he has flown a total of 20,454 miles , creating 9.6 tons in carbon emissions .
The figures do not take into account free travel provided by the billionaire Tory financial backer Lord Ashcroft , who leaves his private jet at the disposal of Mr Cameron and the Shadow Cabinet .
A spokeswoman for Mr Cameron said yesterday : " He is totally committed to the environment .
All flights are carbon offset and he tries to avoid flying where possible . "
Mr Brown yesterday wrote an open letter to the tens of thousands who backed the #welovethenhs campaign on Twitter , sparked in response to Republican attacks on President Obama 's healthcare reforms but used as a focus for anger about Daniel Hannan 's condemnation of the British health service .
Downing Street let it be known that the Prime Minister was putting the NHS at the centre of Labour 's election campaign – expected in spring next year .
The Prime Minister said : " It is understandable that the Conservative leadership have tried to distance themselves from those in Tory ranks who criticise the NHS .
But the reason why their comments have generated so much anger is that they spoke to a larger truth .
That truth is that there are two Tory faces on the NHS .
" Despite all their talk of reform , the Conservatives still put special interests before patients ' interests . "
An Amnesty report says that at least 9 m barrels have leaked into the land and rivers in the past 50 years
Serious allegations of human rights abuses caused by oil companies in the Niger Delta , the oil - producing region in southern Nigeria , have been published today .
A 141 - page report by Amnesty International quotes sources suggesting that in the last 50 years at least 9 m barrels worth of oil have leaked into land and rivers in the region .
Royal Dutch
Shell is singled out by Amnesty as the most powerful operator in the region .
The report will make uncomfortable reading for the energy group 's new chief executive , Peter Voser , who starts work tomorrow .
The report gives evidence of oil spill cover-ups , gas flaring near villages and waste dumping leading to serious pollution of wetlands and the destruction of farming and fishing .
The Niger Delta is notorious for violence and gangs are often used as security forces by oil firms to prevent terrorist attacks , hijackings and assaults on oil installations .
The region has become unstable , with Nigeria 's military launching fierce attacks on villages to flush out suspected terrorists , but this has led to the displacement of thousands of people .
The Amnesty report lays the blame for the region 's intractable problems on the oil industry .
" Decades of pollution and environmental damage , caused by the oil industry , have resulted in violations of the right to an adequate standard of living , including food and water , violations of the right to gain a living through work and violations of the right to health , " it says .
" A lack of accountability and the inability of those affected to access justice or receive adequate reparations and remedies , has perpetuated the context of human rights violations and encouraged them to occur again and again .
So long as impunity for abuses of the environment and human rights remains entrenched , so too will the poverty and conflict that has scarred the Niger Delta . "
Shell , which trades in Nigeria through the Shell Petroleum Development Company – a consortium which also includes the Nigerian government , Total and Agip – disputes much of the Amnesty report .
It argues : " About 85 % of the pollution from our operations comes from attacks and sabotage that also puts our staff 's lives and human rights at risk . "
Amnesty says oil firms treat communities as a " risk " instead of as stakeholders .
ITV paid an initial £ 120 m for Friends Reunited ITV has sold Friends Reunited for £ 25 m , despite having agreed to pay a total of £ 175 m for it in 2005 .
The buyer is Brightsolid Limited , which is owned by DC Thomson , Dundee - based publisher of comics such as the Beano .
The announcement came with the release of half - year results , which were hit by the worst decline in UK television advertising on record .
ITV made a pre-tax loss of £ 105 m in the period .
There was no update on who is to take over from boss Michael Grade .
Mr Grade is due to stand down as chief executive by the end of 2009 , following a regulatory review .
If Friends Reunited continues to make profits at its current rate , its new owners Brightsolid may have snapped up a bit of a bargain
Friendly fire : Friends Reunited
Your views : Friends divided ?
Content charging
The £ 105 m loss compares with a £ 1.5 bn loss in the same period of 2008 , although last year 's figure was hit by a £ 1.6bn charge , reducing the value of investments made in 2000 and 2004 .
ITV 's advertising revenues fell by 15 % , which was slightly better than the 17 % fall in the overall market .
Its results came soon after annual losses were reported by News Corp - which owns the Times and Sun newspapers in the UK and the New York Post and Wall Street Journal in the US .
It said it was to start charging online customers for news content across all its websites , having made a loss of $ 3.4bn ( £ 2 bn ) in the year to the end of June .
This included write - downs at its most high - profile online venture , MySpace - which , like ITV , has suffered from lower than expected advertising revenues .
Advertising share ITV 's chief operating officer , John Cresswell , told the BBC that advertising revenues were improving .
" We 're down 15 % in the first half and in the third quarter , the decline is still pretty tough at - 12 % , " he said .
" But September for us is at - 7 % so the direction of travel is good . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Cresswell , who is thought to be among those in the running to be the new chief executive , added that " we are taking advertising share from our competitors " .
The broadcaster 's pension fund deficit had ballooned to £ 538 m by 30 June , compared with £ 178 m at the end of 2008 .
ITV is in the middle of a cost - cutting programme , which aims to deliver savings of £ 155 m this year and £ 285 m a year by 2011 .
Spare bedroom ITV paid an initial £ 120 m for the Friends Reunited website in 2005 .
It paid an additional £ 55 m earlier this year - a sum which had been dependant on its financial performance .
ITV said that the site was profitable .
Britain 's Got Talent featuring Susan Boyle was the top-rating show Friends Reunited was launched in July 2000 from the spare bedroom of Steve and Julie Pankhurst 's home in North London .
Its model of helping people to find old friends from their old schools , colleges or clubs attracted millions of users to the site .
But more recently , it has been overtaken by social networking sites such as Facebook , MySpace and Twitter .
Mr Cresswell said that the site had been " bought by previous management with a slightly different strategy " .
The company buying it , Brightsolid , already owns findmypast.com , which operates the official 1901 and 1911 census websites .
The purchase of the Friends Reunited Group gives Brightsolid ownership of the Genes Reunited site , which was set up in 2003 and has nine million members worldwide .
Brightsolid said the combination would create Britain 's leading genealogy business .
And social media analyst Rax Lakhani said that while ITV had hoped to develop Friends Reunited as a mass - media platform , DC Thomson had " a clear opportunity to reposition the brand as a specialist genealogy platform " .
I 'm a Celebrity
On the programming front , ITV said there had been successes over the first half of the year , with the final of Britain 's Got Talent being watched by almost 20 million viewers , the most for a non-sports programme in six years .
The broadcaster 's other top- performing shows included the drama Whitechapel and Harry Hill 's TV Burp .
ITV also made more money from selling its content and formats overseas , including a German version of I'm a Celebrity called Ich bin ein Star .
Demand for its online video also grew , with more video views in the first six months of 2009 than in the previous 18 months .
We asked you whether you still use Friends Reunited .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If Apple does one thing well , it 's to tout features that other companies have had for years and pass them off as life - changing .
Since Apple can't tout speed as an improvement on the new iPhone ( as the company did that last time around ) , Apple instead chose to highlight functionality that other products have had for years .
Apple has begun airing two new commercials doing exactly that in Copy and Paste and Voice Control .
In Copy and Paste , the narrator introduces copy and paste functionality that allows a user to do some " pretty incredible things . "
Of course , implementations of copy and paste in other phones are usually somewhat bad and unintuitive .
However , the claims made in Apple 's commercial would be comical if they were n't so serious .
The second ad spot , Voice Control , talks about how you can simply talk to your phone and tell it who you want to talk to — you know , like you did 10 years ago on your POS Motorola that came for free with your Verizon contract .
But this one shows a sweet waveform graphic !
The commercial goes on to show off the ability to say something like " Play all songs by Jack Johnson " and have the device do just that .
Actually though , that particular feature is pretty cool and is n't something I have seen out of any other phone , though it is something we have seen a certain Redmond company do with its Sync product in automobiles .
In Apple 's defense , the company does n't claim in either ad that any of these features are new to the market .
The only thing Apple suggests is that the features are new to the headset .
What 's impressive , though , is Apple 's ability to successfully market features that have been on other phones for years and actually get people excited about them .
Scientists around the world are currently hard at work genetically engineering new strains of mosquitoes that are poor hosts for diseases such as malaria , dengue and yellow fever , in the hopes of cutting down the spread of these germs .
New research suggests , however , that although these insects might succeed in reducing the number of infections , they might also inadvertently boost the severity of remaining ones .
Researchers at Yale University and their colleagues investigated dengue , a mosquito - borne virus for which there is no vaccine or cure .
Roughly 50 million cases of dengue occur per year , leading to some 500,000 hospitalizations and several thousand deaths annually .
Insecticides are currently used to control dengue , a practice which runs the risk of breeding insecticide - resistant bloodsuckers .
One potential alternative strategy , first proposed more than four decades ago , is to introduce genes into mosquitoes to prevent infections — for instance , by interfering with the spread of germs from the insect 's gut to its saliva .
After using mathematical models to investigate the potential evolution of dengue virus in response to genetic modifications of mosquitoes , the researchers found that strategies to block transmission of the virus between mosquitoes and humans may create an evolutionary pressure for the dengue to become more virulent — that is , drive up the extent to which the virus exploits its victims .
This in turn could make remaining infections more deadly for humans .
The researchers investigated other transgenic approaches toward mosquito control , as well .
Ones that reduce mosquito biting — perhaps by decreasing host - seeking behavior — can also run the risk of increasing dengue virulence and thus severity .
Strategies that increased mosquito death rates , however , such as use of genes that kill off females or decrease mosquito immunity to infections , do not seem to impact virulence in humans .
Similar findings apply to other lethal mosquito - control techniques , such as by infecting them with diseases that bring an early death , the researchers add .
Although the researchers focused on dengue , " nothing about the mathematical model is specific to dengue , so its results can apply to malaria and other mosquito - borne diseases , as well , " says researcher Jan Medlock , an applied mathematician now at Clemson University in South Carolina .
" If we could stop malaria , dengue and yellow fever , there would be incredible benefits for humanity , so these strategies are definitely worth exploring very slowly and carefully , " Medlock adds .
" On the other hand , there is a long history of introductions of new animals to ecosystems that have been disastrous and often irreversible , such as the introduction of mongooses onto the Hawaiian Islands , and there 's always the concern that modified mosquitoes might lead to a similar story by making dengue irreparably worse .
This is something scientists are aware needs careful thought . "
Medlock notes there are still points of uncertainty in the work , such as whether the dengue virus could evolve fast enough to avoid eradication .
" There 's tons of research yet that could be done , " he says .
Geneticist Luke Alphey of the University of Oxford and its spin - off biotechnology company Oxitec in England who did not participate in this study notes , " It is extremely helpful to have theoretical analyses to give a view of the evolutionary responses that viruses might have , so you can monitor for incipient changes and hopefully do something about the design of your strategy . "
He and his colleagues are pursuing a transgenic mosquito strategy that employs sterile males as competition for wild males over mates , hopefully leading to smaller populations of the insects .
Alphey adds : " There are insecticides and other interventions used against dengue that are not transgenic but apply similar kinds of evolutionary pressures on the virus , and it would be very interesting to see if there 's any data from the field with those interventions for the kinds of effects this study here suggests might appear . "
Medlock and his colleagues will detail their findings in the October issue of The American Naturalist .
Making for quite the evening to remember , Britney Spears took the stage as a winner at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards on Sunday evening ( August 9 ) .
Held at the Gibson Amphitheatre in Universal City , the “ Gimme More ” singer wore a daring , tiny black sparkling dress as she was handed her surfboard by Disney darling Miley Cyrus .
Miss Spears was honored during the night ’s festivities with the Ultimate Choice Award for her lifetime achievements .
I get emails from people , every so often , asking what I would say and feel if I was wrong about climate change .
What would I say if , after dedicating years of my life to bringing attention to the problem , I found out there was no problem .
Well , first , of course , I would praise God in thanks that we have no catastrophe to contend with .
Then , since many of the measures needed to deal with climate change have a lot of positive benefits , I will think :
I am glad we created 5 million or more new jobs here in the United States in the fields of energy efficiency and renewable generation .
I am glad we created a culture that relies less on foreign oil , so that our children can live secure lives , knowing that the energy rug can't be pulled out from under them .
I am glad we have found a way to save people and industry billions upon billions of dollars by making the use of energy more efficient .
I am glad the millions of children who suffer from asthma can now breathe easier thanks to the fact that we are n't pumping the air full of toxins from our exhaust pipes and smokestacks .
I am glad that , by no longer burning oil and coal into our air , we 've put an end to acid rain and the devastation of our aquatic life .
I am glad that we created good , reliable , fun - to - use public transportation system so that families no longer have to raid their budgets to pay for cars and gas .
I am glad we 've stopped building suburbs , which make people unhappy and [ thanks to the happy suburbanites who wrote in ] are designed for cars not people , and instead build villages where people can have strong community bonds that help make life fulfilling .
I am glad we now have fuel - efficient automobiles .
I am glad that we 've learned as a culture to get off the work - more - to - spend - more treadmill which gobbles up resources and leaves us unfulfilled and instead turned to a way of live full of meaning and purpose .
I am glad we developed local , fresh food systems that care not just about filling bellies but what we put in those bellies .
I am glad that we have rejected the philosophies of survival of the fittest and competition for resources as driving philosophies and have instead embraced a philosophy of compassion and justice .
I am glad that we have understood that a sustainable society cannot work without supporting all of its people and that we looked for and found ways to improve the lives of everyone .
I 'm glad that we 've come to see people rather than things as our most valuable resource and that , in embracing the respectful and loving principles of not wasting , we have learned not to waste youth in prisons but instead to get them help for their drug addictions and alcoholism .
I am glad that , in realizing our resources are limited , we have come to use them to do what is important and to help each other rather than compete with each other .
I am glad that we have come to see education as the ultimate in sustainable industries .
I am glad that we have developed distributed , renewable energy technologies that allow kids in all parts of the world to have electric light so they can learn how to read .
The list goes on and on , but in short , I am glad that we have embraced the opportunities presented by the crisis of climate change in order to improve our society in ways we should have done anyway .
And now , to turn the question back on those who say that either there is no climate change or that it is not a serious problem :
What would they feel if we did nothing about climate change and they turned out to be wrong ?
What would they feel if we buried our heads in the sand , ignored the problem , and then irreversibly damaged the planetary habitat that we depend upon for our health , happiness and security ?
I want to thank Derrick Jensen for writing another wise and honest column .
Also , I ’m pleased to see the serious engagement with Mr. Jensen ’s ideas by the readership of Orion .
I ’d like to respond to a few of the earlier posters .
Having read most of Jensen ’s published work and being someone who largely shares his perspective on social , ecological , and political issues , I think I may be able to offer a useful counterpoint to a few of the criticisms .
Joel ( #1 ) and Chris ( # 4 ) , your critiques seem to take as a given that we have a truly free - market economy in this society .
Noam Chomsky and many others on the left have , I think , effectively debunked this idea .
The largest heavy industry in America ( also the largest polluter ) is the weapons industry , and the military uses more oil than any other industry .
Clearly , neither my consumption choices nor my vote plays a factor in these .
The government funnels endless billions ( ultimately , probably trillions ) of dollars into military R&D ( also NASA and other agencies ) , and then , oftentimes , they bring these technologies to the market ( as microwaves , cell phones , personal computers , the internet , etc. ) as a means of privatizing and concentrating that massive public investment , while externalizing ( laying on the public , humans and non-humans ) as many costs as possible .
Not exactly Smithian capitalism .
More like sheer plunder .
Actually , Adam Smith warned explicitly against such abuses , and supported strong unions to prevent them .
Moreover , as Jensen showed in his book Strangely Like War ( on the timber industry , co-authored with George Draffan ) , paper mills continually churn out far more paper than the economy calls for .
Likewise , the federally subsidized , biotech , pesticide laden , fossil fuel fertilized corn , soy , cotton , etc. is being produced at levels beyond what the market can bear .
Hence all the crazy , energy intensive , unhealthy innovations for dumping it ( HFCS , lecithin , TVP , corn oil , soy oil , inappropriate animal feed , and now , of course , biofuels ) .
Monsanto did n’t invent Posilac ( rBGH ) to meet a public demand for slightly cheaper milk , loaded with puss , hormones , anti-biotics , etc , at the expense of sick and dying cattle and people ( themselves ) .
They did it simply because they knew their boys in Washington would approve it and that their propaganda would sell it to farmers , and that Monsanto would make a fortune .
Major corporations are not out there trying to meet public needs .
Major industries do not produce less ( or destroy less ) when demand falls off ( which it does almost exclusively for economic reasons , very rarely for political reasons … even less so ecological ones ) .
They turn to the government for bailouts , and they use their massive propaganda industry ( PR ) to manufacture new demand .
Look , I , like Jensen , compost , recycle , drive very little , buy almost only ethically produced local foods , buy only used clothes , occasionally dumpster dive , pee outside , bring tupperware to restaurants , and do many other little , tiny things to reduce my impact .
Is it worth it ?
Absolutely .
Does it pose any threat whatsoever to those who are destroying the planet ?
No , and that is Jensen ’s point .
We need lifestyle changes in order to sleep at night and be able to look at ourselves in the mirror , but we also need to stop kidding ourselves that these changes will suffice to save the profoundly imperiled community of life on this planet .
Moreover , to refuse to fight back as effectively as possible is to value my luxuries , my relative freedom , my so - called life over future generations , over the planet , over my own dignity .
I ’ll choose to resist .
Wes ( # 3 ) , you may be interested to know that Derrick is working on a book explicitly about dreams , and based on dreams .
I know him , and he speaks of his dreams more than anyone I ’ve met except indigenous people , Sufis , or Jungians .
And , as Chris ( # 4 ) noted , he definitely offers a clear vision , whether or not you agree with it .
He is saying to resist by all means necessary .
People understood what that meant when Malcolm X said it .
Amanda ( # 6 ) , it is really good that you ( like me ) bring tupperware for your leftovers at restaurants .
Hey , I ’ve gotten my parents to ( on rare occasion when they remember ) do the same .
Yet I taught for four years at a very liberal private school on Manhattan ’s Upper West Side , one of the most staunchly liberal neighborhoods in the country .
Hell , the school building is named for Andrew Goodman , an alum who fought and died for civil rights .
And yet I was appalled on my first day when I saw every single student , teacher , administrator , and staff member throwing away disposable utensils , plates , bowls , cups , napkins , and a lot of food , with every meal .
I pretty much always eat what I buy ( or forage ) , and I compost the rest .
I never , ever use disposables .
I brought in a set of dishes and utensils the next day .
For the next four years , I established myself as , frankly , a widely liked and respected member of the community , one of a couple of leaders on ecological issues .
After four years ( and innumerable statements like , “ Oh man , I ’m going to start bringing my own stuff , too , ” and “ Gee , we really need to get the school to switch away from disposables ” ) , the school has not budged an inch on waste ( despite a little greenwashing ) and all of two other faculty members have brought in and regularly use non-disposable stuff .
A few others , including some students , brought in mugs and sometimes use them .
And this is one of the most liberal communities you will find , where everyone talks about ecological issues daily .
This is a rich community , where we could easily afford to change our behavior .
This is a community where I was not strictly a peer to most , but in a clearly defined authority position , and I was widely liked , even loved by many , yet almost no one followed my lead on this one , tiny , easy issue .
If you ’re going to do the right thing in these tiny ways , do it because it ’s the right thing to do .
Not because you ’re changing the people around you , because with very few and pretty much negligible exceptions , you ’re not .
And we have far , far , bigger levers to use in our fight against global ecocide .
And we must use them , if we truly value life .
By all means , compost too .
Stephen ( # 11 ) , fair enough .
I ’m just like Jensen , in this sense .
In my history classes , I am constantly making parallels to Hitler and the Nazis .
Also to slavery .
I do so , as I suspect Jensen does , because these are two of the only historical atrocities with which we , as a society , have any degree of both familiarity and moral clarity .
I ’d love to change it up more , and I do with my students who have been in my classes for a while and have developed both familiarity and moral clarity about the Vietnam war , about the genocide of the indigenous Americans , about the genocide in East Timor , about the Crusades , about the Opium Wars , about the US sponsored horrors in El Salvador , Guatemala , Nicaragua , etc .
But I always start with the Nazis , because we all already know they ’re bad .
So it ’s a useful reference point .
And what happens if we apply the justice at Nuremberg to the Reagan administration ?
Or the Clinton administration ?
Or Obama ?
Or , of course , Monsanto , Rio Tinto , Weyerhauser , Shell , ExxonMobil , Raytheon , Halliburton , etc ?
Or , given the fate of Julius Streicher , to the willing propagandists of the corporate - imperial omnicide , propagandists widely read / seen / heard in the New York Times , the Wall Street Journal , Fox , CNN , The Economist , and so on ?
Geektronica ( # 12 ) , I ’ll address your post last .
Harry ( # 18 ) , I hear you , and I think you make a valid editorial critique , but I think it ’s ultimately superficial .
Jensen says over and over , including in this column , that we should make those tiny , eensy - weensy changes , and that he does so himself .
He also says that we must rid ourselves of the delusion that doing so will suffice to stop the omnicide .
So taken in context , I think it ’s pretty clear that Jensen means “ forget that things like taking shorter showers will lead to a sane and sustainable culture . ”
Also , Derrick is ALL ABOUT local action .
Read his work .
He ’s done a ton of local organizing to stop deforesters , to stop “ developers , ” etc .
He does not rule out engagement in the political process .
He also says , very clearly and forcefully in his new book ( What We Leave Behind , co-authored with Aric McBay ) that these must be done in the context of a culture of resistance .
So environmental activists who run for public office , or focus on permaculture , or focus on urban gardening , or focus on education ( like me ) , or focus on writing books ( like him ) , etc , must see not only each other as allies to be supported but also people doing the crucial front - line work of confronting and dismantling the systems and infrastructures through which the dominant culture oppresses and destroys all living beings .
Be in politics , as the Sinn Fein leaders were in politics .
Not as the current Democrats or even Greens are , who are clearly opposed to militant action against the destroyers ( Democrats because they are , themselves , corporatist destroyers , and Greens because they ’re stuck in the futile and self - defeating pathology of pacifism … and / or they ’re also corporatists destroyers , just “ green ” corporatist destroyers ) .
You want to run for office ?
I ’ll vote for you … if I know you have the back of the resistance movement , including those who will do the most dangerous and important work .
Flaneuse ( # 20 ) , I do n’t see him stopping short .
I see him tailoring his message to his audience .
If you have not read Endgame , I strongly suggest you ( and everyone ) do so .
It will leave little question about Derrick ’s commitment to revolution .
BUT , it should also be clear that Derrick is not proposing some grand political program for us all to follow , like Lenin or even Bakunin .
The revolution he supports is to dismantle empire and replace it with thousands of small , local cultures that are inextricable from their landbases .
Which is to say , indigenous cultures .
Which are , by virtue of their size , their technics , and their oneness with the broader community of life , highly democratic , egalitarian , and most importantly , sustainable .
Now , back to Geektronica ( # 12 ) .
You write , “ … but a Luddite one . ”
Yeah ?
So ?
OK , Derrick Jensen is a Luddite .
And then some .
Because the Luddites only opposed industrial technology .
Jensen goes further , to the dawn of agriculture ( as in , the dawn of ecocidal monocropping of annuals , not the dawn of putting seeds in the ground , which has always been done , including by non-humans ) .
He is opposed to all civilized technology .
Including metallurgy .
Including the plow .
But he is most opposed to industrial technology because it is so much more extreme and rapid in its destructiveness than pre-industrial civilized technology .
And yes , he , and I , and many others “ really think we ’d be better off abandoning modern technology ( ‘ industrial society ’ ) . ”
That ’s the whole point .
Industrial society , despite the myths and propaganda we ’ve ben fed since birth , is based , on the most physically real level , on the converting of the living to the dead .
Living forests into junk mail and toilet paper .
Living rivers into hydro- electricity , canned salmon , and bottles of wine from irrigated vineyards .
Living prairies into stockpiles of grain .
Living mountains into beer cans ( using hydro - electricity from murdered rivers ) , jewelry , and whole ecosystems laid waste by toxic tailings .
And so forth .
And this is in contrast to wild animals , including wild human cultures , who obviously also consume the lives and bodies of others ( while honoring them ) , but enhance and protect the communities from which those individuals come .
That is the crucial difference .
In industrial society , salmon are a commodity , a resource .
That is , when they ’re not merely a political impediment to dam - building , waste dumping , or irrigation .
And how does one treat a resource , a commodity ?
How does this compare to how an indigenous Klamath human , or Tolowa , or Salish , or Pomo , or Aleut , or Ainu , or Nikvh , or , on the Atlantic , Lenape , Abenaki , Innu , Inuit , Celt , etc , behaves in relation to the salmon , which s/he also eats , but sees as a living , unique , spiritual being , who must be honored and whose community must be honored , for their own sake and for the sake of the human and non-human communities that depend on them , have always depended on them , and will always depend on them ?
It ’s the difference between , as Jensen sometimes says / writes , seeing a woman as a resource for sexual release and / or conquest ( as so many men in this culture clearly do ) versus seeing each individual woman as a unique , spiritual being with intrinsic value and an independent will and identity .
It ’s the difference between abuse and relationship .
No surprise that the culture that sees land as a resource , that sees trees , salmon , rivers , mountains , indeed the whole Earth as resources , also treats women , children , foreigners , minorities , the laboring classes , and so forth as resources .
It , civilization ( in its most fully realized and pathological form , industrial civilization ) , is a culture based on objectification and exploitation .
It rewards objectification and exploitation , and those who objectify and exploit most thoroughly , effectively , and “ profitably ” wind up as the elite ( they ’re usually born into the elite , anyhow ) .
Not all human cultures are like this .
Indeed , ONLY civilized cultures are like this .
It is a pathology that is literally consuming the planet , and if it is not stopped , there will be very little , if anything , left of the community of life by the time it has collapsed and its impact has been fully absorbed .
Further , the Abenaki lived where I now sit for thousands of years , and they did not deplete the forests , the cod ( now locally extirpated ) , the passenger pigeons ( fully extinct ) , the lobsters , the aquifers , the topsoil , and so on .
They did not leave the land despoiled with waste and toxins .
The only “ waste ” they produced was food for other beings .
They took no more than the land could willingly and healthily give .
For thousands of years .
And they did not oppress women .
And they did not invent money , or slavery .
And they did not commit genocide against their human neighbors .
And they did not expand beyond the land ’s carrying capacity .
Same goes for the Mohawks who lived for eons where I grew up .
Same goes for the Lenape who lived for eons where I spent my 20’s .
Same goes for the paleolithic predecessors of the Etruscans who lived for eons where I lived for a year in Italy .
Same goes for the Tolowa who lived for eons where Jensen now lives .
Same goes for the San in Namibia , living much like their ancestors from hundreds of thousands of years ago : sustainably , peacefully , profoundly , democratically .
The qualities of civilization are not the qualities of the human .
Indeed , they are starkly at odds with the qualities of the human , which is why life in civilized society produces so many discontents ( as noted by Freud and Jung ) , so many schizophrenics ( as noted by Joseph Campbell and Stanley Diamond ) , so many depressives , addicts , sociopaths , and so forth ( as should be obvious to anyone ) .
We are still wild beings , tamed into a highly imperfect submission , under which we rankle .
But all that aside , civilization has already wiped out 90 % of the large fish in the oceans , 95 % of the original forests in this country , roughly a third of all the wildlife on Earth just since 1970 ( not including the vastly more lost before 1970 ) .
There is now far more plastic than plankton in the oceans .
Amphibians are dying off en masse , worldwide .
The major agricultural regions are being thoroughly denuded of topsoil , which will leave them deserts , jut like the “ Fertile Crescent , ” the original cradle of agriculture .
The whole planet is on a horrific , anthropogenic warming cycle that will surely take an extremely heavy toll and even threatens the continuation of life itself .
This culture is omnicidal , and it will collapse by virtue of the fact that it destroys the basis for its own survival , along with everyone else ’s .
The question is whether or not much of the still surviving community of life will make it long enough to weather that collapse and begin restoring health to this planet , so we might all have a future .
As for the current human population level , it is grossly , absurdly beyond carrying capacity , and that is a major product of the dominant culture ( indigenous cultures maintained stable population levels ) .
The population is coming down , sooner or later , more or less horrifically .
Should we continue assaulting and damaging and destroying the foundations upon which life is built in order to forestall ( and intensify ) the eventual collapse for another day , or week , or year ?
It wo n’t be more than , at most , a couple decades .
If it takes that long , how much worse will the collapse be ?
Will there be nine billion people ?
Will we have lost 50 % of all remaining species ?
Will the Great Plains be the new Sahara ?
Will there be any vertebrates left on the oceans ?
Will there be any indigenous human cultures left ?
Will not only Greenland but Antacrtica meltdown in whole or in large part , raising sea levels by around 150 ft ?
Will all the methane in the permafrost and the oceanic clathrates release and spiral the planet toward irreversible warming and a Venus effect ?
Do you want to wait and see ?
I do n’t .
I want to fight like hell on the side of life , and bring down the death culture before it plays out to its own apocalyptic endgame ( and one need only look at the civilized myths to see that it ’s always known it was driving toward apocalypse ) .
I hope you ’ll fight on the side of life , too .
I hope we all will , but I recognize that most people wo n’t .
And we ca n’t wait until they will , or it will be too late for much of , even all of , the community of life on Earth .
David
Natural Stuff
Have you ever looked at an animal and said , " How in the world does that thing do that ? "
Well , here are a few answers to those kinds of questions .
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as a substitute for blood plasma .
Once a bull has impregnated a cow , it will never impregnate that same cow again .
So once a bull has had his way with your herd , he is useless .
Carnivorous animals will not eat another animal that has been hit by a lightning strike .
Mountain goats can walk almost straight up a cliff due to a supple pad on each cloven hoof .
These pads have extremely soft centers .
When the animal puts its foot down , each pad works like a powerful suction cup , enabling the wild goat to appear to defy gravity .
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes .
A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle , a group of geese in the air is a skein .
The underside of a horse 's hoof is called a frog .
The frog peels off several times a year with new growth .
The shape of plant collenchyma cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same - they are orthotetrachidecahedrons .
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards , and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason .
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds , while dogs only have about ten .
Camel 's milk does not curdle .
An animal epidemic is called an epizootic .
Murphy 's Oil Soap is the chemical most commonly used to clean elephants .
The housefly hums in the middle octave , key of F .
An ostrich 's eye is bigger than its brain .
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds .
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit .
If NASA sent birds into space ( inside a space capsule , that is ) , they would soon die because they need gravity to swallow .
It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up .
The frog throws up its stomach first , so the stomach is dangling out of its mouth .
Then the frog uses its forearms to dig out all of the stomach 's contents and then swallows the stomach back down again .
Studies show that if a cat falls off the seventh floor of a building it has about thirty percent less chance of surviving than a cat that falls off the twentieth floor .
It supposedly takes about eight floors for the cat to realize what is occurring , relax and correct itself .
[ Who figured this out ?! ]
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucous every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself .
Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are always all the same sex .
Armadillos are the only animal besides humans that can get leprosy .
To escape the grip of a crocodile 's jaws , push your thumbs into its eyeballs -- it will let you go instantly .
Reindeer like to eat bananas .
A group of unicorns is called a blessing .
Twelve or more cows are known as a " flink . "
A group of frogs is called an army .
A group of rhinos is called a crash .
A group of kangaroos is called a mob .
A group of whales is called a pod .
A group of ravens is called a murder .
A group of larks is called an exaltation .
A group of owls is called a parliament .
No animal , once frozen solid ( i.e. , water solidifies and turns to ice ) survives when thawed , because the ice crystals formed inside cells would break open the cell membranes .
However there are certain frogs that can survive the experience of being frozen .
These frogs make special proteins which prevent the formation of ice ( or at least keep the crystals from becoming very large ) , so that they actually never freeze even though their body temperature is below zero Celsius .
The water in them remains liquid : a phenomenon known as ' supercooling . '
If you disturb one of these frogs ( just touching them even ) , the water in them quickly freezes solid and they die .
The pupil of an octopus ' eye is rectangular
All porcupines float in water .
The cells which make up the antlers of a moose are the fastest growing animal cells in nature .
A hedgehog 's heart beats 300 times a minute on average .
You can tell a girl crab from a boy crab by their stomachs .
A girl has a beehive and a boy has a lighthouse .
The pH of cow 's milk is 6 .
The world 's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat of Thailand , weighing less than a penny .
The Dalmatian is the only dog that gets gout .
You should not eat a crawfish with a straight tail .
It was dead before it was cooked .
The distance between an alligator 's eyes , in inches , is directly proportional to the length of the alligator , in feet .
Kiwi birds are the only birds with their nostrils at the end of their beak rather than the top .
All elephants walk on tip - toe , because the back portion of their foot is made up of all fat and no bone .
Giraffes have no vocal chords .
A fullgrown bear can run as fast as a horse .
When opossums are playing opossum , they are not " playing . "
They actually pass out from sheer terror .
Rhinos are in the same family as horses , and are thought to have inspired the myth of the unicorn .
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand .
A lion 's roar can be heard from five miles away .
The cheetah is the only cat in the world that can't retract it 's claws .
Dogs and humans are the only animals with prostates .
The placement of a donkey 's eyes in its ' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times
Roosters can't crow if they can't fully extend their necks .
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans , so much so that they could be confused at a crime scene .
Oak trees do not have acorns until they are fifty years old or older .
Cat 's urine glows under a blacklight .
An iguana can stay under water for twenty - eight minutes .
Ben and Jerry 's send the waste from making ice cream to local pig farmers to use as feed .
Pigs love the stuff , except for one flavor : Mint Oreo .
Ostriches stick their heads in the sand to look for water .
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it .
In the Caribbean there are oysters that can climb trees .
Polar bears are left - handed .
You can hold the mouth of an alligator shut with two fingers , but if you put a clenched fist in its mouth when it bites down it will break every bone in your hand .
The platapus and the Echidna are the only mammals that do n't give live birth .
The world 's termites outweigh the world 's humans 10 to 1 !
