Nazareth — Concerns about Israel ’s use of non-conventional and experimental weapons in the Gaza Strip are growing , with evasive comments from spokesmen and reluctance to allow independent journalists inside the tiny enclave only fuelling speculation .
The most prominent controversy is over the use of shells containing white phosphorus , which causes horrific burns when it comes into contact with skin .
Under international law , phosphorus is allowed as a smokescreen to protect soldiers but treated as a chemical weapon when used against civilians .
The Israeli army maintains that it is using only weapons authorized in international law , though human rights groups have severely criticized Israel for firing phosphorus shells over densely populated areas of Gaza .
But there might be other unconventional weapons Israel is using out of sight of the watching world .
One such munition may be Dime , or dense inert metal explosive , a weapon recently developed by the US army to create a powerful and lethal blast over a small area .
The munition is supposed to still be in the development stage and is not yet regulated .
There are fears , however , that Israel may have received a green light from the US military to treat Gaza as a testing ground .
“ We have seen Gaza used as a laboratory for testing what I call weapons from hell , ” said David Halpin , a retired British surgeon and trauma specialist who has visited Gaza on several occasions to investigate unusual injuries suffered by Gazans .
“ I fear the thinking in Israel is that it is in its interests to create as much mutilation as possible to terrorise the civilian population in the hope they will turn against Hamas . ”
Gaza ’s doctors , including one of the few foreigners there , Mads Gilbert , a Norwegian specialist in emergency medicine working at Al Shifa hospital in Gaza City , report that many of the injuries they see are consistent with the use of Dime .
Wounds from the weapon are said to be distinctive .
Those exposed to the blast have severed or melted limbs , or internal ruptures , especially to soft tissue such as the abdomen , that often lead to death .
There is said to be no shrapnel apart from a fine “ dusting ” of minute metal particles on damaged organs visible when autopsies are carried out .
Survivors of a Dime blast are at increased risk of developing cancer , according to research carried out in the United States .
Traditional munitions , by contrast , cause large wounds wherever shrapnel penetrates the body .
“ The power of the explosion dissipates very quickly and the strength does not travel long , maybe 10 meters , but those humans who are hit by this explosion , this pressure wave , are cut in pieces , ” Dr Gilbert said in a recent interview .
This is not the first time concerns about Israel ’s use of Dime have surfaced in Gaza .
Doctors there reported strange injuries they could not treat , and from which patients died unexpectedly days later , during a prolonged wave of Israeli air strikes in 2006 .
A subsequent Italian investigation found Israel was using a prototype weapon similar to Dime .
Samples from victims in Gaza showed concentrations of unusual metals in their bodies .
Yitzhak Ben-Israel , the former head of the Israeli military ’s weapons development program , appeared familiar with the weapon , telling Italian TV that the short radius of the explosion helped avoid injuries to bystanders , allowing “ the striking of very small targets ” .
Israeli denials about using weapons banned by international law would not cover Dime because it is not yet officially licensed .
It will be difficult to investigate claims that non-conventional weapons have been used in Gaza until a ceasefire is agreed , but previous inquiries have shown that Israel resorts to such munitions .
The Israeli human rights group B’Tselem has recorded numerous occasions when the Israeli army has fired flechette shells , both in Lebanon and Gaza .
The shell releases thousands of tiny metal darts that cause horrible injuries to anyone out in the open .
A Reuters cameraman , Fadel Shana , filmed the firing of such a shell from an Israeli tank in Gaza in April , moments before its flechettes killed him .
Miri Weingarten , a spokeswoman for Physicians for Human Rights , said they were watching out for use of a new flechette - type weapon the Israeli army has developed called kalanit ( anemone ) .
An anti-personnel munition , the shell sends out hundreds of small discs .
Israel appears to have used a range of controversial weapons during its attack on Lebanon in 2006 .
After initial denials , an Israeli government minister admitted that the army had fired phosphorus shells , and the Israeli media widely reported millions of cluster bombs being dropped over south Lebanon .
There are also suspicions that Israel may have used uranium - based warheads .
A subsequent inquiry by a British newspaper found elevated levels of radiation at two Israeli missile craters .
Sarit Michaeli , a spokeswoman for B’Tselem , said her organization had not yet been able to confirm which weapons were being used in Gaza in the current attacks .
She added , however , that Israel ’s denials about using non-conventional munitions should not be relied on .
“ It is true , as the army spokespeople say , that weapons such as phosphorus and flechette shells are not expressly prohibited .
But our view is that such weapons , which do not distinguish between combatants and non-combatants , cannot be used legally in a densely populated area like Gaza . ”
Reports this month revealed that the United States has been organizing massive shipments of arms to Israel , though a Pentagon spokesman denied they were for use in Gaza .
Given the forensic shows now on TV , do you think that people can get away with crimes today because of things they learn on the shows ?
– Melissa Lancaster , Rocky Mount
If you are talking about the “ real ” forensics shows that you see on the Discovery channel , then I suppose you could learn some things that would make it harder for law enforcement to catch you by using forensic techniques .
However , the vast majority of crimes do not involve any kind of forensics work .
Most crimes are solved using plain , old detective work such as talking to witnesses , looking for evidence and questioning suspects .
In major crimes like murder , rape or fraud , forensics may play a large role in connecting a suspect to the victim through DNA , computer and paper records and fingerprints .
With privacy in mind , what tips can you offer for reducing our digital footprints on our personal computers and / or online ?
I ’m interested in both behavior changes and software tools .
– Wes Miller , Raleigh
There is always a trade - off between being secure and having convenience .
In the long run , most people opt for convenience by storing their passwords on their computer , not using up to date anti-virus software and by using easy - to - guess passwords .
To reduce your digital foot print online , you should definitely be behind a firewall , do not store passwords in your Web browser and keep your anti-virus software up to date .
Do not store your passwords on the computer .
I have seen documents on users ' computers that list every password for every account they have , including their online banking and credit card accounts .
How can deleted data be retrieved from a PC ?
How is it possible to know what Internet sites have been visited ?
Thank you .
– Susan Prior , Raleigh
The foundation of computer forensics is actually data - recovery .
Without the ability to recover deleted files , computer forensics would be a very limited area .
You can even purchase data recovery software at major retailers that can recover your deleted files .
As far as Internet history goes , every browser stores history of the Internet sites that the user visits .
You can turn this feature off on some browsers , and you can use the built in tools in the browsers to delete Internet history .
To view the history on the computer , providing that it has not been deleted , you can simply use the history feature in the browser to look at sites visited .
However , make note that deleting the Internet history in the browser does not remove all the evidence of sites visited as some information is stored in different places on the computer , depending on which operating system is being used , i.e. Windows XP , Vista or others .
If I donate or sell a computer I no longer need , what should I do to erase my data so that I can feel confident that no one will later be able to access personal information previously stored on it ?
– Cyndi Tomblin , Cary
The simple solution that is fine in most cases is to use the recovery disks that came with the computer to do a destructive system restore .
That will delete the existing partitions and re-create them like they were when the computer was prepped at the factory .
Be aware that this is not a 100 percent solution , as it will leave files in areas on the drive that can be recovered using forensics software .
To be 100 percent certain that no data is recoverable , you need to forensically wipe the hard drive using software that will overwrite the entire hard drive with ones or zeros .
You can buy this software at some major retailers , download it from the Internet or have a trusted computer technician do it for you .
We offer forensic cleaning of hard drives as one of our services as well .
Is the forensic technology as advanced as television shows such as " CSI " portray ?
– Amber , Raleigh
Shows like CSI and movies that use forensics as part of the story line use a combination of real forensics techniques and “ Hollywood ” forensics .
Many of the devices you see in movies and on television do not exist at all , or if they do , they do not perform as shown in these stories .
This is especially true regarding computer hacking that you see in movies and on television .
You simply cannot break into the Department of Defense 's computer network in a couple of minutes by entering some keystrokes into a computer .
Also , when you see someone attach a device to a computer in a movie and they get all the data in 30 seconds , that is plain fantasy .
It can take hours to get a copy of a hard drive .
Once you format your hard drive , does it erase everything or can information still be retrieved ?
– Charles Elliott , Rocky Mount
Formatting a hard drive does not erase any of the data stored on the drive .
All formatting does is remove the table the computer uses to find those files , making them invisible , so to speak .
Almost any data recovery software can retrieve files from a formatted hard drive .
How did you get started in computer forensics ?
What was your background beforehand and what classes , etc. did you have to complete prior to your first forensics position ?
– Wes Miller , Raleigh
I got started in computer forensics initially by doing data recovery for clients .
That led to clients asking me to recover specific data that could be used in some types of civil cases .
When I started in this field , I already had more than 20 years of experience with computers and software , doing programming and hardware maintenance .
Since 2002 , I have attended an additional 100 hours of forensics - specific training .
I am looking into a career in computer / digital forensics .
Can you help point me in the right direction in terms of education and as a mentor ?
– Rissa Chan , Durham
When I started in this field , there were no college programs or public educational programs specific to digital forensics .
In the last few years , many universities have added computer - forensics degree programs to their catalogs .
Most of the career opportunities in this field are still in law enforcement .
The issue there is that in the vast majority of cases , they require you to serve as a police officer for several years before you can apply to do computer forensics .
And even then , there is no guarantee that you will be able to get the position .
The private sector is growing and hiring computer forensics graduates , however , I have not seen the growth in jobs catching up to the number of graduates as of yet .
My daughter is graduating this year from high school and is planning on majoring in forensic science at Western Carolina University .
Does this degree get her an entry - level position or will she have to go further to become an expert in a certain area ?
– Susan Hall , Wake Forest
Nearly all of the traditional forensic fields require advanced degrees and several years of experience to become an expert .
Most of the experts such as forensic anthropologists , forensic psychiatrists and DNA experts all practice in a primary area or work as university professors / researchers and only do forensics as part of their practice .
I know “ deleting ” is a misnomer as it still is retained in your hard drive .
Without a court order for search and seizure , with probable cause , how can it be used against me ?
While the data may be deleted , the hard drive is still my original property in my possession .
Yes , any data from most any device can be used in criminal / civil matters ( with proper court orders ) .
How does this “ free - seizure ” of my data be legal ( unless aforementioned facts were followed ) and then allowed against me ?
Is this not a violation of my constitutional rights ?
Thank you !
– GDSB , Roanoke Rapids
All data can be used in criminal and civil matters under certain circumstances .
I believe your question is more about , when can it be used .
The Fourth Amendment protection against unlawful search and seizure only applies to government entities such as law enforcement .
The Fourth Amendment does not apply to private searches .
A private search can be conducted or authorized by anyone who has a legal right to the data stored on the computer , such as employers or spouses .
Since computers are common property , spouses can give consent to a private search of the computer .
Also , it is important to remember that you can give up your right to privacy through several means :
When you take your computer to a repair shop , you are giving the computer technician the right to any data on the computer because you have placed the computer in his or her custody .
If you have peer - to - peer file sharing programs installed on your computer and are sharing files on the Internet , intentionally or unintentionally , you have opened the computer to the public and anyone can search the computer remotely , even law enforcement , without a warrant .
If you give the computer away , the new owner has full rights to any data on the computer .
If the police come to your door without a warrant and ask to search the computer , any adult residing at the residence can give consent , whether they own or use the computer at all .
As long as the police reasonably believe that the person giving consent has the right to do so , it will normally be allowed in court .
If you have specific questions concerning privacy , your best avenue is to consult an attorney .
A fascinating , and I do n't mean intellectually stimulating , article was published today by CNN contributor Jamie McIntyre entitled Myth of Shinseki lingers .
I 'm going to include his entire piece and work through it paragraph by paragraph .
The thesis of the article reads as follows :
The nomination of retired Army Chief Gen. Eric Shinseki to be secretary of veterans affairs is widely seen as an appointment with a message , since Shinseki ran afoul of former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
But CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre has the inside story of how Shinseki 's reputation as a " truth - teller " has been burnished beyond what the facts support .
Source : CNN
Seems interesting enough right , wrong .
It takes just thirteen words for Jamie to entirely contradict the premise of his piece :
In fairness to Gen. Eric Shinseki , he 's never said " I told you so . "
What does that even mean ?
Seriously .
Either Jamie is implying that Gen. Eric Shinseki was wrong , which in itself is wrong ( more on that later ) or Jamie is saying that Gen.
Eric Shinseki was n't arrogant enough to boast , thus implying that he was right .
In either case Jamie is wrong .
But many others have elevated his now - famous February 2003 testimony to the level of Scripture .
And if by " Scripture " you mean that Gen. Eric Shinseki's foresight regarding the Iraq invasion and subsequent occupation were correct , then yes ; otherwise no .
Shinseki was right , they say , when he told the Senate Armed Services Committee a month before the invasion that something on the order " several hundred thousand troops " would be necessary to keep order in a post- invasion Iraq .
Thank you for proving my previous point , Jamie .
At the time , that observation drew loud scoffs from then - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and from his deputy , Paul Wolfowitz , who dismissed the prediction as " wildly off the mark . "
Still , Shinseki was n't advocating 300,000 troops be dispatched into Iraq .
In fact , he said specifically that the forces mobilized in the region to that point were probably enough , and he made it clear he would have defer to the combatant commander , Gen. Tommy Franks .
" I would have to rely on combatant commanders ' exact requirements , " he said .
But pressed by Sen. Carl Levin , D - Michigan , to make an off - the - cuff guesstimate , Shinseki said " it would take a significant ground force . "
Okay ?
What part of " something on the order of several hundred thousand soldiers are probably , you know , a figure that would be required " to invade Iraq , is so difficult to comprehend ?
Shinseki absolutely supported a ground force of at least 300,000 ; I would say several implies at least three as couple typically denotes two .
Since that day , critics of the war have lauded Shinseki 's prescience and his willingness to speak truth to power .
" Here was a career officer who had valuable insights who was shunted aside by arrogant civilians , " University of Michigan history professor Juan Cole is quoted as saying in Sunday 's Washington Post .
" When he had his disagreements with the administration , he was n't afraid to speak up , " Vietnam Veterans of America 's John Rowan told CNN on hearing of the nomination .
It 's an appealing narrative , but the facts as we know them are not nearly so complimentary to the retired Army chief .
Let 's see the " facts " then Jamie , so far neither Prof.
Juan Cole nor John Rowan have said anything disputable .
You see , Shinseki never made any recommendation for more troops for Iraq .
In fact , as Army chief of staff , it was n't really part of his job to take part in direct war planning .
If it was n't part of his job , why would you expect him to do it ?
But as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , he did owe the president his best military advice .
And if he felt strongly enough that the advice was not being taken , he could have resigned .
So let me get this straight Jamie , you 're suggesting that one of the few Generals with any say in any military planning , who was ultimately proven to be correct about his pre-war assertions , should have resigned because the President ignored his advice .
Unbelievable .
According to senior military officers who were in the pre-war meetings , Shinseki never objected to the war plans , and he did n't press for any changes .
Wait , if " it was n't really part of [ Shinseki ] 's job to take part in direct war planning " why was he in " the pre-war meetings ? "
When the joint chiefs were asked point - blank by then - Chairman Gen .
Richard Meyers if they had any concerns about the plans before they went to the president , Shinseki kept silent .
Jamie , you 've already stated that Shinseki believed " it would take a significant ground force " to invade Iraq .
Did you want Shinseki to stand up and say this is a bad idea , we need more troops ?
It was n't his job , as you previously mentioned , and his views were clearly understood and already ignored by all those involved .
He kept his counsel But Shinseki was a very private leader who did media briefings only when ordered to and rarely gave interviews .
If he had concerns about the Iraq war plans , he kept them to himself .
He admitted as much in a rare e-mail exchange with Newsweek magazine in 2006 .
Asked to respond to the criticism that he failed to push to stop Rumsfeld from going into Iraq with too few troops , he told the magazine , " Probably that 's fair .
Not my style . "
Knowing his opinions were not particularly welcome , Shinseki kept his mouth shut .
In that sense , he was " marginalized , " as some say .
Again Jamie , you prove my point , and contradict your own .
Nobody had anything to gain from Shinseki 's contining vocalization of his views .
The war was still going to happen in whatever manner Rumsfeld and Bush wanted it done , and I would rather have a General who was correct and silent ( Shinseki ) than a General who was loud and wrong ( possible replacement had Shinseki resigned ) .
And it 's true that in retrospect , many U.S. commanders believe there should have been more troops sent to Iraq , even though it 's far from clear that would have prevented the insurgency and sectarian violence that the Pentagon failed to anticipate .
But the idea that Shinseki was a strong advocate for a bigger force and that no one listened vastly overstates his role .
It 's one of those Washington myths that are almost impossible to dispel -- like the popular misconception that Shinseki was fired for standing up to Rumsfeld .
That myth is so pervasive , the authoritative Associated Press repeated it again Saturday night , saying " Shinseki was removed from [ his ] post after challenging the Bush administration . "
He did not stand up to Rumsfeld , nor was he fired .
Nobody is overstating Shinseki 's role .
Perhaps you are understating the gross incompetence of the Bush Administration 's planning of the Iraq War .
Shinseki may not have been removed from his post but there was definitely contempt from Rumsfeld .
Shenseki's retirement took place just 4 months after his preceding testimony .
At Shinseki 's retirement ceremony , no senior civilians attended breaking an historical precedence .
I 'll also point out that the AP is garbage , go ahead and find another source propagating this " myth , " and get back to me .
There 's no question that Shinseki was on the outs with his civilian bosses , especially Rumsfeld .
Shinseki ordered that all soldiers wear black berets , a move that infuriated the special forces community , for whom the berets were a badge signifying their elite status .
Rumsfeld , according to aides , was particularly miffed that Shinseki spent so much effort changing the Army 's head gear , when the nation was at war .
He retired after serving a full four years as chief at a ceremony in 2003 that neither Rumsfeld nor Wolfowitz attended .
In a briefing carried by CNN , Shinseki stated that " The Army will change to remain the most capable and the most respected Army in the world . "
Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz then went on to say that " [ Shinseki & Wolfowitz ] thought it important to have a symbolic and a visible demonstration that this Army was prepared for change and undertaking it . "
Both were commenting on the inclusion of the black beret into the Army uniform .
It seems as though Rumsfeld was more concerned with physically waging war than he was with supporting the operations of the US Army .
A man of principle
In announcing Shinseki 's selection as secretary of veterans affairs , President - elect Barack Obama called him someone who " always stood on principle . "
" No one will ever doubt that this former Army chief of staff has the courage to stand up for our troops and our veterans , " he said .
In applauding the selection , Brandon Friedman , vice chairman of VoteVets.org , said , " If there are two things everyone knows about Gen .
Shinseki , they are that he always thinks ahead to what needs may be down the road , and is not afraid to strongly speak his mind to the president of the United States . "
Now that Shinseki is working for someone who believes in him , that could well turn out to be true -- no matter how much he kept his counsel to himself in the past .
Seriously Jamie , what was your point ?
You know what the facts support ?
The facts support an opinion formulated by Gen. Shinseki before the invasion of Iraq , this truth was his truth , what he believed .
When the dust settled , Shinseki was correct .
Whether you want to call him a " truth - teller " because of this has absolutely nothing to do with deception , but rather perception .
If you value honesty and integrity Shinseki did absolutely nothing wrong , he stood by his beliefs and did n't waver ; others may have disagreed with him , but he always agreed with himself .
he told his truth , and it just so happens that it turned out to be the truth .
Here 's another one that was floating around last week ...
Late one morning one December in a year we ’ll all remember ,
Writing Christmas poems had turned into quite a chore ,
While I nodded , nearly napping , suddenly there came a tapping ,
As of someone gently rapping , rapping at my office door .
“ Tis some visitor , ” I muttered , “ tapping at my office door -
Only this , and nothing more . ”
Open wide I flung the entry , stood there like an ancient sentry ,
In there stepped a haggard trader who ’d been up since half past four .
Not the least obeisance made he ; not a minute stopped or stayed he ;
But , with mien of lord or lady , walked in from the trading floor -
Stood next to a bust of Soros on a shelf well past the door -
Stood , and sighed , and nothing more .
Then this battered soul beguiling my sad fancy into smiling ,
By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance he wore ,
“ Though thy P/L has cratered , you ’ll get better soon or later ,
Ghastly grim and somber trader wandering from the trading floor -
Tell me what thy problem is found upon the trading floor ! ”
Quoth the trader , “ Nevermore . ”
As he stood there slightly smirking , doubts I ’d long felt vaguely lurking
My subconscience let emerge and push their way out to the fore .
“ Though our P / L ’s been stinking and our share price swiftly sinking
Surely I ’m right to be thinking that the worst is in Q4 ?
When will we return to normal , back the way it was before ? ”
Quoth the trader , “ Nevermore . ”
“ Come now , fellow , ” I cried , shaken , “ surely thou art quite mistaken !
There is sovereign wealth fund buying risky assets soon in store .
Banks will soon enough start lending , start consumers back off spending
Bring a swift and tidy ending to our all feeling quite poor .
Do n’t you think that GDP growth soon enough will exceed four ? ”
Quoth the trader , “ Nevermore . ”
Was he simply trying to scare me , overwhelm me , or just dare me
To get out of my positions I ’d put on the year before ?
Though they trade at distressed prices , my sangfroid is cold as ice , as
I have made it through the crisis marking them at eighty four .
“ Do n’t you think if I hang on I ’ll find a bid at eighty - four ? ”
Quoth the trader , “ Nevermore . ”
My portfolio ’s diverse , moving on from bad to worse .
Managing a long - stock book had proven to be a chore .
As I glanced back at my screen I took on a pallid sheen
As the S&P careened below its key supportive floor .
“ Will the Nikkei ever rally back towards where it was in ’ 94 ? ”
Quoth the trader , “ Nevermore . ”
Then , methought , the air grew denser , perfumed from an unseen censer
Swung by Seraphim whose foot - falls tinkled on the tufted floor .
“ Wretch , ” I cried , “ Satan ’s thy master , he hath sent me to disaster
Tell me , who hath fallen faster , me or hedge funds shuttering their doors ,
Causing panic on the streets of London , Moscow , and Lahore ? ”
Quoth the trader , “ Nevermore . ”
As the floor began to darken , a footstep I faintly hearkened ,
Followed swiftly by another rapping beat against my office door .
In stepped an HR director , leering like Hannibal Lecter
‘ Twas not my place to correct her as she told us what ’s in store .
Then she escorted the trader by the elbow out and off the trading floor .
I saw him again - nevermore !
What are the ingredients of robust , elegant , flexible , and maintainable software architecture ?
Over the past couple of years , my colleague Georgios Gousios and I worked on answering this question through a collection of intriguing essays from more than a dozen of today 's leading software designers and architects .
The result is the book Beautiful Architecture : Leading Thinkers Reveal the Hidden Beauty in Software Design , which was published by O'Reilly a few days ago , and is now available from amazon.com through this page .
In each essay , contributors present a notable software architecture , and analyze what makes it innovative and ideal for its purpose .
Some of the engineers in this book reveal how they developed a specific project , including decisions they faced and tradeoffs they made .
Others take a step back to investigate how certain architectural aspects have influenced computing as a whole .
In this book you 'll discover :
How Facebook 's architecture is the basis for a data - centric application ecosystem
The effect of Xen 's well - designed architecture on the way operating systems evolve
How community processes within the KDE project help software architectures evolve from rough sketches to beautiful systems
How creeping featurism has helped GNU Emacs gain unanticipated functionality
The magic behind the Jikes RVM self - optimizable , self - hosting runtime
The design choices and building blocks that made Tandem the choice platform in high - availability environments for over two decades
The differences and similarities between object - oriented and functional architectural views
How architectures can affect the software 's evolution and the developers ' engagement
The book 's royalties are donated to the international humanitarian aid organisation Médecins Sans Frontières
The book begins with a preface Stephen J. Mellor presenting his view of the universal principles of an architecture that can be called beautiful .
We organized the contents of the book around five thematic areas : overviews , enterprise applications , systems , end - user applications , and programming languages .
There is an obvious , but not deliberate , lack of chapters on desktop software architectures .
Having approached more than 50 software architects , this result was another surprise for us .
Are there really no shining examples of beautiful desktop software architectures ?
Or are talented architects shying away from an area often driven by a quest to continuously pile ever more features on an application ?
It would be interesting to see comments on these issues .
On Architecture
The book 's first part examines the breadth and scope of software architecture and its implications on software development and evolution .
Chapter 1 What Is Architecture ? , by John Klein and David Weiss , defines software architecture by examining the subject through the perspectives of quality concerns and architectural structures .
Chapter 2 A Tale of Two Systems , by Pete Goodliffe , provides an allegory on how software architectures can affect system evolution and developer engagement to a project .
Enterprise Application Architecture
Enterprise systems , the IT backbone of many organizations , are large , often tailor - made , conglomerates of software usually built from diverse components .
They serve large , transactional workloads and must scale along with the enterprise they support , readily adapting to changing business realities .
Scalability , correctness , stability , and extensibility are the most important concerns when architecting such systems .
This part of the book includes some exemplar cases of enterprise software architectures .
Chapter 3 Architecting for Scale , by Jim Waldo , demonstrates the architectural prowess required to build servers for massive multiplayer online games .
Chapter 4 Making Memories , by Michael Nygard , goes through the architecture of a multi-stage , multi-site data processing system and presents the compromises that must be made to make it work .
Chapter 5 Resource - Oriented Architectures : Being " In the Web " , by Brian Sletten , discusses the power of resource mapping when constructing data - driven applications and provides an elegant example of a purely resource - oriented architecture .
Chapter 6 Data Grows
Up : The Architecture of the Facebook Platform , by David Fetterman , advocates data - centric systems , explaining how a good architecture can create and support an application ecosystem .
Systems Architecture
Systems software is arguably the most demanding type of software to design , partly because efficient use of hardware is a black art mastered by a selected few , and partly because many consider systems software as infrastructure that is " simply there " .
Seldom are great systems architectures designed on a blank sheet ; most systems that we use today are based on ideas first conceived in the sixties .
The four following chapters walk you through some innovative systems software architectures discussing the complexities behind the architectural decisions that made them beautiful .
Chapter 7 Xen and the Beauty of Virtualization , by Keir Fraser and Derek Murray , gives an example of how a well - thought of architecture can change the way operating systems evolve .
Chapter 8 Guardian : A Fault - Tolerant Operating System Environment , by Greg Lehey , presents a retrospective on the architectural choices and building blocks ( both software and hardware ) that made Tandem the platform of choice in high - availability environments for nearly two decades .
Chapter 9 JPC : An x86 PC Emulator in Pure Java , by Rhys Newman and Christopher Dennis , describes how carefully designed software and a good understanding of domain requirements can overcome the perceived deficiencies of a programming system .
Chapter 10 The Strength of Metacircular Virtual Machines : Jikes RVM , by Ian Rogers and David Grove , walks us through the architectural choices required for creating a self - optimizable , self - hosting runtime for a high level language .
End -User Application Architectures
End -user applications are those we interact with in our everyday computing lives , and the software that our CPUs burn the most cycles to execute .
This kind of software normally does not need to carefully manage resources or to serve large transaction volumes .
It does need however to be usable , secure , customizable , and extensible .
These properties can lead to popularity and widespread use and , in the case of free and open source software , to an army of volunteers willing to improve it .
In this part , the authors dissect the architectures and the community processes required to evolve two very popular desktop software packages .
Chapter 11 GNU Emacs : Creeping Featurism
Is a Strength , by Jim Blandy , explains how a set of very simple components and an extension language can turn the humble text editor into an operating system the Swiss army knife of a programmer 's toolchest .
Chapter 12
When the Bazaar Sets Out to Build Cathedrals , by Till Adam and Mirko Boehm , demonstrates how community processes such as sprints and peer - reviews can help software architectures evolve from rough sketches to beautiful systems .
Languages and Architecture
As many people have pointed out in their works , the programming language we use affects the way we solve a problem .
But can a programming language also affect a system 's architecture and , if yes , how ?
In the architecture of buildings , new materials and the adoption of CAD systems allowed the expression of more sophisticated and sometimes strikingly beautiful designs ; does the same also apply to computer programs ?
The last two chapters investigate the relationship between the tools we use and the designs we produce .
Chapter 13 Software Architecture : Object - Oriented Versus Functional , by Bertrand Meyer , compares the affordances of object - oriented and functional architectural styles .
Chapter 14 Rereading the Classics , by Panagiotis Louridas , surveys the architectural choices behind the building blocks of modern and classical object oriented software languages .
Finally , in a thought - provoking Afterword , William J. Mitchell , an MIT Professor of Architecture and Media Arts and Sciences , ties the concept of beauty between the building architectures we encounter in the real world and the software architectures residing on silicon .
The Guardian reports :
US threats mean evidence of British resident ’s Guantánamo torture must stay secret , judges rule
The US government obviously has blackmailed the UK into not releasing details about Guantanamo torture and threatened the country with such dire consequences that UK judges ruled evidence of torture must remain secret due to the severity of the consequences for Britain ’s safety ,
Here ’s the same story from The Times The Telegraph The Independent
The Independent has the most extensive quotes from the ruling :
“ Indeed we did not consider that a democracy governed by the rule of law would expect a court in another democracy to suppress a summary of the evidence contained in reports by its own officials … relevant to allegations of torture and cruel , inhumane , or degrading treatment , politically embarrassing though it might be .
“ We had no reason … to anticipate there would be made a threat of the gravity of the kind made by the United States Government that it would reconsider its intelligence sharing relationship , when all the considerations in relation to open justice pointed to us providing a limited but important summary of the reports . ”
In another part of the ruling , the judges said they had been informed by lawyers for Foreign Secretary David Miliband that the threat to withdraw co-operation remained even under President Barack Obama ’s new administration .
I was wondering how long it took until I got mad at President Obama .
It did n’t take long .
I still give him the it ’s - the - first - 100 - days - and - you - ca n ’t - do - everything - at - once benefit of the doubt , but only just .
This is not the kind of foreign policy I expect and President Obama promised .
This gag order must go .
NWO Part I :NWO Part II : There 's been a lot of talk about the ' Singularity ' , but the world sucks now .
Information has NOT become more accessible .
Getting educated takes longer than ever .
Millions of services are designed to be stressful .
Software is full of artificial barriers .
Expensive programs are hard to use , making it hard to switch .
The most powerful and potentially useful ideas , like evolution and birth control , are suppressed .
Billions of people own almost nothing , while others get rich without doing anything .
Our world is n't meant to be pleasant .
It took an incredible amount of effort to reach the level of total crap .
The world makes about as much sense as an ant colony .
Things are this way because the majority allows them to be so , with rock - solid , unwavering passivity .
The decision has been ratified by near - universal , unspoken assent , by victim and exploiter alike .
In a sense , every country is a democracy , even North Korea .
A powerful force prevents up from completing certain insights , from thinking one step further .
If this force did n't exist , everyone 's personality would slowly change throughout their lifetimes , but this rarely happens .
The crucial insight is as simple as flipping a switch : THE PAST SUCKS .
It should never have happened .
Always remember that the world is evil .
Sometimes , we need change for its own sake .
The world 's problems may require unimagined reforms , international cooperation , new forms of self defense , and even mind - altering drugs .
Step One : make the world transparent , and freer from deception . -
A worldwide property registry would record every piece of real estate and land use right .
Evil governments would still have the authority to steal people 's meager possessions , but it would be harder for them to hide their actions . -
A World Passport for those areas that require identification documents ( currently all of them ) .
Civilization has slowly evolved by learning to gain pleasure from avoiding pain .
This sensation is a necessary part of most dangerous activities , from hunting to woodworking .
Delayed gratification for its own sake may be the real key to long term success .
The West has even managed to remove the aspect of physical danger .
The most insane example is probably long - term care insurance ( paying in advance to be kept alive as an incontinent zombie at the cost of ten lifetimes wages ) , followed by our tortuous tax laws , not to mention civil lawsuits .
Like technology itself , society 's rules have become too complicated - towering edifices about as stable as solar prominences .
Most citizens mindlessly accept the money race , the healthcare matrix , the tax vortex .
They unthinkingly tolerate immense restrictions in all fields , since everyone pretends it 's normal .
The biggest problems are often the hardest to see .
Capitalism is bad at finding shortcuts .
There are no unsolicited job offers in the mail , except for work - at - home schemes and other scams .
We need new ways to use marginally talented people , allowing them to perform tasks with low economic value , while slowly increasing their own skills .
The motivation problemWhy are there no Arab or African airplanes ?
There may be a good reason : it can be depressing when the competition has a ten decade head start .
The path ahead has been methodically picked clean .
Other people have already shaped the world , and are perfectly adapted to its present configuration .
There 's no reason to develop kites , balloons , airships , biplanes , or rotary engines .
It can take decades to build a world - class industry from scratch .
That 's beyond the horizon for countries that do n't allow long - term investment .
Developed countries would rather pay them to stay out of the way altogether , or to become cheap subcontractors .
No visualization means no purpose .
The solution is diversity : to create many more options .
Government schemes are unpopular , because people can't predict the effects on themselves .
Peasants being ' relocated ' to build the Chinese Three Gorges Dam know others will benefit at their expense .
This also explains the resistance to NAFTA , and why Latin America and the Middle East remain fractured despite common languages and cultures .
People have no time for bold experiments when their lives are full - time emergencies .
When they 're able to consider their circumstances , Third Worlders do want to change their societies .
They 're usually prevented from acting by traditions , despots and outmoded economic theories .
It 's hard to overhaul a culture from within .
Even the most self - evident changes require massive sacrifices .
This is especially true in areas with limited resources ( which happen to be most of them ) .
Famine and disease tend to increase in the early stages of most reform efforts .
Societies that resist change usually last longer , until their environment has irrevocably changed .
Once civil institutions become established , they tend to remain in place .
Their inflexibility is what made them attractive in the first place .
Divide and organizeMost of our art , fashion , and innovation comes from countries with just 10 % of the world 's population , where creativity is encouraged .
The rest is too busy surviving .
Chaos leads to diversity .
The world needs many distinct regions that compete with each other .
Encourage local and regional specialization within a worldwide free trade zone .
Maximum efficiency arises from hyper -competition .
Market integration will lead to more , not less , culture clashes .
No one can predict who'll make the next breakthrough .
The best solutions involve small groups of people working independently .
That 's how every great company got started .
Artificial distractions can encourage useful rivalries .
The untapped potential is immeasurable .
Our planet will look richer than ever , like when the East - Germans first visited West - Berlin in 1989 .
Increased diversity will lead to small , autonomous micro territories , where every virtual tribe can find a home .
For a while , there may be more nations than ever , including non-geographical and even online ones .
They 'll have to learn to cooperate .
Most will soon vanish .
The next generations may have choices we can't imagine yet .
Large areas of the planet are underutilized .
A lot of valuable real estate is going to waste .
Some of the most fertile and attractive areas are also among the poorest .
Many wealthy people would retire to the equator if it were possible and safe .
Some regions will always be inefficient , and absorb subsidies .
Freedom of movement and employment should be encouraged wherever it provides benefits .
The Parity Principle : where possible , encourage equal or balanced migration between regions .
In the future , as many Americans should want to move to Mexico as vice versa , or at least a reasonable ratio .
Creative loans
The world needs more ways to create ' trust ' and accountability , to stimulate more elaborate forms of cooperation .
Billions of medium - sized loans have allowed many nations to build up their industrial capacity , but half a century of megaprojects financed by the World Bank and Cold War rivals have been less successful .
Waste , deceit and exploitation always creep in .
Micro-loans do n't go far enough .
International loans may require international collateral , including real estate , complete with private armies to enforce foreclosure verdicts .
Properly configured , an ultra long term bank could replace all government functions , even paying for schooling , infrastructure , and defenseSuch a bank could only function if it controlled most of the wealth of society , incorporating almost all private banks .
To survive it would need to be amoral , not immoral .
An application would be automatically denied if there was no expected benefit to society - which would be most of them .
A charity consortium would fill the gap , replacing many forms of insurance .
Created with a forty - year investment horizon , the bank would provide lifetime education loans , to be paid back in the form of payroll taxes automatically deducted .
The recipient 's employer or contractor would transfer their salary through the bank .
It would perform a ruthless cost / benefit analysis , but have no authority to imprison debtors , or even garnish their wages .
It would just get a lot more difficult to function in society , or to accumulate significant wealth .
Because of the slow investment cycle , we still use thirty year old engine designs , and a century - old power grid .
New inventions can provide valuable shortcuts .
There should be fewer restrictions on technology transfer .
Fuel cells and small power plants will free up resources and help revolutionize the Third World , but they 'll be expensive .
While creative , long term loans can help , they will eventually have to be repaid .
Such loans will require many guarantees and constant monitoring at every stage .
There 's no simple solution .
Ease of maintenance
There are too many unscrupulous manufacturers and repair scams .
World consumers need : - Modular homes with removable power and plumbing conduits , and even structural supports and photovoltaic shingles , that the owner could easily repair and replace , without requiring outside help that may be unaffordable .
- Small and simple vehicles .
- Upgradeable electronics .
The Age of PlentyIt 's time to graduate to the third dimension , from virtual to reality .
We already have cheap computers and communication devices , that represent their data as strings of bits , or screen images .
Miniaturized factories , ultralight cars , and mass - produced homes could be next .
Once the robots reach the self - improvement threshold , when they generate more wealth than they absorb , the benefits could be beyond imagination .
As long as the sun keeps shining , there is ample energy available .
It only needs to be transformed and exploited .
Most of the light energy absorbed by buildings and roads is wasted .
Thin film photovoltaics would increase local autonomy .
Everything by the manualSociety should have clearly defined , formalized rules and instructions at every level .
Anyone could follow them if they wanted to achieve a certain result .
Such a society might not even need advanced social skills , with hidden rules and taboos .
- The potentiality matrix : a map of world relations and systems .
-The List : a public database of everyone alive , with a brief biography .
The first step to providing improved healthcare is to pay attention to the patient .
This is not a matter of empathy but rigid data analysis .
New software will help .
Cheaper and more efficient manufacturing :
We still have n't exploited all the benefits of mass production .
This may be the information age , but the world needs more old - style assembly lines , temporarily bringing back industrial jobs .
Most of humanity is still trapped in often desperate poverty .
The need for new power stations , roads , industrial parks , robotics , management services , and basic healthcare could lead to a worldwide Manhattan project to solve most problems at once .
A world state should be as inoffensive as possible .
Once started down this road , it will be hard to stop .
An intermediate step will be regional unification efforts , like the European Union , Sub - Saharan Africa , South East Asia , and South America .
Laws will be slowly standardized as people cross borders .
Their arbitrary nature will become increasingly evident .
The only remaining differences will be language and culture .
Those differences already exist within most countries .
The World PoliceThe alliance of every legal armed force on Earth , responsible for enforcing the universal rights of Inspection and Location .
Wherever they 're stationed , agents also help enforce the local laws , whatever they are .
Their ultimate task is to protect nations from each other , up to and including military action .
Maybe money could be replaced by something better .
Some people will always be able anticipate the future to their advantage .
We need a way to gather and combine everyone 's insights .
The best solution is the free market .
Everyone should own a diverse stock portfolio that they helped select .
Shareholders can influence every aspect of the economy in a small way .
A new form of democracy could spread the wealth more evenly : a more genuine , if still unequal , type of communism ( the ' Ownership Solution ' ) .
It wo n't solve everything .
The stock market repeatedly demonstrates that large numbers of people can be easily fooled .
If everyone took part , the sum total of human desires should cancel out the most arbitrary ones , and identify some deep similarities .
Software can unearth many unwelcome facts that would otherwise remain hidden .
The potential buying power of billions of people is immense , given enough patience and compound interest .
Despite dire predictions , there wo n't be vast environmental disasters in the twenty - first century .
Conservation will finally get profitable .
Recycling has always been a way of life in most poor lands .
A silent , barely noticed process , habitat loss and the decline in the number of species can't be avoided , unless babies are outlawed .
Most losses will be due to ' fracturing ' of the environment , as people move into previously uninhabited areas .
Only opportunist species will thrive , and even they will have trouble .
A simpler environment wo n't necessarily be a bad thing for mankind .
The only way to save nature is to understand it .
There will be inadequate efforts to preserve plants in bio - domes , and even in backyards .
Robots will gather DNA samples from the rainforest .
Knowledge is everything .
The right information can locate and exploit hidden resources , especially unused labor .
Information brokers will buy and sell insights and hot tips .
Status spurs competition , leading to surplus growth .
Sometimes jealousy is a good thing ( the same is true for all other emotions ) .
A few people should be unreasonably wealthy to inspire many others .
Understanding the mind will have an impact as great as changing the laws of physics .
As control functions are decentralized , people will travel less .
A world languageWill everyone speak English or Esperanto in the year 2040 ?
It would be better to start over and design the most efficient artificial language from scratch , provided it 's not too simple .
Africa needs to do its share of scientific research .
Too much intellectual capital is left unused .
There are fewer patents coming out of Bangladesh than from Luxembourg .
Never abolish existing institutions , even if they 're stupid .
At worst , prevent them from using force to carry out their aims .
A worldwide free trade zone or common market could create economies of scale , but large monopolies would inevitably arise .
Alternative currencies could stimulate the economy when first introduced .
Underground apartments
Warehousing populations in spacious , efficiently laid out living boxes , illuminated by light tubes and indirect LED's , would allow more farming on the surface , and ease transportation problems .
EducationNew , interactive programs using hi-def screens and AI interfaces could make learning easy , or at least faster .
Open source corporations :
Every employee would be paid a percentage of the profit they generated .
They would earn the right to perform more important jobs .
Qualified individuals could be contracted by other employees , who would share the contractor 's commission .
Humanity 's ultimate dream is an endless vacation .
Flexible public transportationMicrobuses that know the passengers ' schedules ( eventually self - driving ) .
Allow anyone to buy any experimental drugs they want , provided they fully realize the risks .
Artificial conflicts
It appears that conflict and pain are necessary components of human development .
Happiness levels in primitive societies are almost as high as in the West .
In extinct stone age tribes they may have been higher .
Sports and games are a way to let off steam , but artificial contests and rivalries between competing groups need to be encouraged .
Some will choose to recreate a semi-nomadic , seasonal , extended - family lifestyle using much less space .
Before the dawn of agriculture , every human could have claimed an area the size of Central Park .
By mid century , we 'll have to settle for thousands of times less than that .
There could be one last , huge population increase before 2050 .
Robot bases on the Moon and asteroids could test new AI and robotics tools .
Food production should be increased at the local level , with automated greenhouses , genetically engineered garden plants , mushrooms , algae .
Waste reduction : shipping in bulk , less packaging , more recycling .
Consumers would order their groceries months in advance .
Redundancy is essential for long - term survival .
People will spread out evenly over the Earth 's surface , forming the ultimate suburb .
It took northern Europe thousands of years to raise itself from bronze - age levels , while Africa remained there .
The stable ( and very painful ) influence of the Roman Empire and smaller groups was crucial .
In the future , this role may be played by China .
Other possible ' anchor ' countries include South - Africa , India , Indonesia , and Brazil .
They are already forming worldwide trade networks independent of the West .
The Arab countries are long overdue for a renaissance .
It will happen - or they will not be able to survive in any recognizable form .
The abolition of the USAThe US is almost unique in history .
Most of its recent wars were not triggered by population pressures , but by ideology .
However , mankind 's greatest experiment needs to be improved .
Turn the System inside out .
There may eventually be a movement to replace the US with a complex , strictly functional ' reverse nation ' .
It would have no sharp internal borders , but gradients .
People would have ' negative rights ' , to be left alone to varying degrees .
Sometimes orphanages are better than brutal , dysfunctional families ; provided they 're stable , and allow their occupants freedom and privacy .
They could also form artificial tribes .
This will require an environment that in some places resembles a maximum security prison .
Humans are not necessarily more civilized than rats , just smarter .
Drugs could become more powerful than religion , and achieve the same result .
Every government agency will eventually have to be privatized , even if they 're charitable monopolies with mandatory participation .
Some people will need more freedom than their government is willing to give them .
In the future , it may be possible to ' buy ' a small country , or its legal equivalent .
A world suggestion box : new software to sort and combine the ideas from everyone alive .
On a small scale , get the UN involved in as many decisions as possible , in a mostly advisory capacity - even if their help is useless .
Simple is better .
The UN should not try to create any grand new rights that repressive governments would ignore anyway .
If everyone were to receive a monthly welfare check simply for being alive , many people would promptly quit their jobs .
Their work sucks that much .
Real salaries , after all the hidden costs have been deducted , are often much lower than the salaries their employers claim to pay them .
Taxes , expenses , Starbucks , aggravation . . .
The real take - home pay often adds up to as little as $ 2 per hour .
It 's just not worth it .
Perhaps everyone should live their lives as if they 're trapped in a cycle of ' endless recurrence ' .
Every hour should be experienced as if it will be repeated an infinite number of times .
Life requires incentives and penalties .
Some aspects may need to be painful .
The condition that no group within society have a special , exalted status above other groups is useful , but apparently not necessary .
That explains why black people were extremely unhappy under Apartheid - while there was massive illegal immigration into South Africa .
New interface software could help people think better .
Aware of its owner 's preferences , the program would become a filter , an assistant to ' pre - digest ' confusing information .
Soon , the mind extension will have a life of its own .
Since education is most effective at an early age , older interface users will fall behind .
The future may bring serious generational conflict .
By 2040 , humans of all ages will feel obsolete , as they 're being overtaken by artificial intelligence .
They will try to keep up .
Drugs may open up new perceptions , but the change will have to go deeper than that .
To experience the big picture , humans will need a direct brain / machine interface .
An important but unacknowledged truth is that no human is fully rational .
People choose to do things they know will hurt them .
The best solution to the world 's problems is not charity .
It 's for everyone to know themselves .
New software could allow everyone to go through deep therapy , if necessary without their full knowledge .
By mid-century , some new dangers will become intolerable .
Genetic engineering , micro-factories and new physics ( superstring research could lead to a way to create immense explosions ) may unleash their destructive power .
There may be some horrible terrorist attacks .
This struggle can only be won or lost with information .
An overreaction to any crisis is inevitable .
People respond to strong personalities .
The politicians of the future may destroy democracy .
Preconditions for various types of aid could include mood stabilizing drugs or tranquilizers , making dangerous people less violent .
Many homeless individuals may need extremely potent drugs to quiet their inner demons .
The drugs may even kill them sooner , but their lives could be much less agonizing .
Passive behavior should often be encouraged .
It 's almost always easier not to do something : paying people not to set up roadblocks or to interfere with farming , with bribes to local officials to provide security .
Voluntary euthanasia .
Some people would be better off dead .
Some are even in good physical health , but suffer from a mental illness that can't be treated by any known method .
In some ways , the future may bring less freedom than exists now .
Individual humans are too simple and specialized to accurately respond to every possible event .
Therefore , no human should have the power to do so .
There needs to be a higher level of joint decision making , involving all of civilization .
A new form of intelligence could emerge , a type of awareness .
All humans and computers would be connected , contributing a small percentage of their capacity .
Perhaps this new order will oversee a recreation - based economy , with entire lifetimes spent inside virtual dreams .
Progress would n't end .
The simulations could include educational software .
The world needs more cynicism .
Eventually , a time may come to abandon some cherished ideals .
Based only on the laws of chance , many common beliefs must be wrong .
Perhaps there should be no more taxes .
( Or alternatively , everyone should receive a guaranteed income . )
Only a few principles may remain , the absolute minimum .
The rest can be derived or discarded as needed .
What will they be ?
Ultimately , science is the ONLY answer .
While vastly inadequate , it can give us more truth than all the philosophies ever did .
The most interesting revolution of the twenty first century may begin when spirituality and ethics become formalized , self - consistent sciences .
We may not like what we learn then .
Future concepts will be so complex that future minds wo n't understand their implications until they 've already become obsolete .
Integrating new knowledge will be so difficult that ignorance may increase faster than the rate of progress .
The Singularity will always be infinitely far away .-----------------Arguably the best hard SF novel ever written : Infinite Thunder by Jack Arcalon .
Delhi's air quality likely to turn ' poor ' by Oct ...
This is some tape .... wow
The President 's aides said the money had been donated to charity as a result of the allegations .
Sir Allen 's father , James , who lives in Mexia , Texas , said he could not locate his son and was unable to reach him on his mobile phone .
Mr Stanford , 81 , said : " I cannot imagine , I cannot believe , I will not believe what is being alleged actually happened .
I cannot believe that my son would run .
When I spoke to him he just told me to watch the papers .
He said something , stuff that had been rumoured , but nothing like this .
I do n't know where he is .
I 'm worried for his safety . ''
Katie Sokoler and Matt Adams decorated the streets of Brooklyn with some awesome “ thought bubbles ” and then waited for the perfect moment to capture photos of people walking under them .
See more at Color Me Katie .
Reminds us of Ji Lee ’s Bubble Project .
Why are we asking this now ?
For two reasons .
A German research ship , the Polarstern , is steaming towards a region off the coast of Argentina in the South Atlantic , where it intends to release six tonnes of iron sulphate over an area of 115 square miles .
The aim is to study the impact of this " iron fertilisation " on the blooms of plankton that absorb carbon dioxide from the sea and , ultimately , the atmosphere .
Some scientists believe this could offer a way of boosting a natural carbon " sink " , where carbon is stored or sequestered for a long time .
The second reason is a study published yesterday in the journal Nature which backs up this idea of a geo- engineered solution to global warming with hard , scientific observations .
What are these latest observations ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A team at the National Oceanography Centre in Southampton studied two areas of the Southern Ocean around the Crozet Islands and Plateau , about 1,400 miles south - east of South Africa .
One region is rich in iron , because of the run-off from the volcanic islands , whereas the other is deficient in iron .
The researchers found that the iron - rich region also has between two and three times as much carbon sequestered in seafloor sediments and the deep ocean beneath the plankton blooms that form at the sea surface each summer .
These sediments have built up over thousands of years since the last ice age .
The scientists point out that this supports the idea that iron - rich seas result in greater amounts of carbon being sequestered in deep layers , because atmospheric carbon dioxide is drawn into the sea by the vast blooms of plankton at the surface .
How will fertilisation help fight global warming ?
The increase in average global temperatures over the past century or two is now widely accepted as being linked with the increase in carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere caused by the burning of fossil fuels such as coal and oil .
About half of the man -made carbon dioxide released since the Industrial Revolution has been absorbed by the natural carbon " sink " of the ocean .
Scientists believe one way of augmenting this natural sink is to boost concentrations of iron , which is known to be the limiting factor that inhibits the absorption of carbon dioxide by plankton .
Fertilising the sea with iron , the limiting mineral in seawater , is known to stimulate phytoplankton blooms .
Phytoplankton , the microscopic plants at the base of the marine food chain , convert sunlight into chemical energy using the raw material of carbon dioxide dissolved in seawater .
The more they grow , the more carbon they use and the more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere ends up being dissolved at the sea surface .
How will we know if it works ?
The key to the success of iron fertilisation is showing that much of the carbon trapped in the cells of dead plankton ends up falling to deeper layers of the ocean and on to the seafloor , where it will be trapped for a least 100 years – and so be taken out of the more immediate carbon cycle .
Some studies have suggested that , although iron fertilisation can cause blooms to form , they are quickly eaten up by other marine organisms and digested in a way that releases carbon dioxide back into the atmosphere .
The latest study , however , implies that , in the natural situation , iron - rich water does indeed lead to long - term sequestration of carbon .
This is why iron fertilisation is being seen as a possible technical fix to the problem of global warming .
Are there any other fixes ?
Several , but only a few are being taken seriously .
For instance , the Nobel prize - winner Paul Crutzen , of the Max Planck Institute in Germany , has suggested it would be possible to inject sulphate particles into the atmosphere to mimic the effects of a volcanic eruption .
These particles could act as a reflective surface for incoming sunlight , producing a discernible cooling effect on Earth .
For example , the eruption of Mount Pinatubo , on the Philippine island of Luzon , in 1991 released vast amounts of sulphate particles into the global atmosphere , with the result that the Earth cooled by about 0.5C for the year or two following the eruption .
Mr Crutzen suggested that , in extremis , it could be possible to mimic this effect by releasing artificial sulphate particles , a process that which could easily be reversed if necessary .
But some have questioned possible side - effects , such as acid rain .
Are there any other viable ideas ?
Other scientists have suggested doing something similar by creating low clouds over the ocean by spraying water droplets into the air from ships .
The formation of these clouds would have a cooling effect and the process could be quickly turned off if necessary .
Another theory is to stimulate the mixing of the ocean with long , floating , vertical pipes that take surface water down to deeper levels using wave energy .
This would result in carbon dioxide dissolved in surface layers being taken down to deeper layers and deposited there for long periods .
James Lovelock , the author of the Gaia hypothesis , is known to favour this idea .
One of the more extreme suggestions for the geo-engineering of the climate is to put mirrors in space to deflect incoming sunlight – a technical fix too far for most scientists who are investigating this area of research .
Apart from the expense and the practical implications of parking such a complicated set of mirrors is space , people will want to know who would have control such an important technical structure ?
Is anyone taking these ideas seriously ?
It is fair to say that most experts would , until recently , have discounted such suggestions to counter global warming .
However , there is growing concern that international attempts to curb rising levels of carbon dioxide could fail .
Since the signing of the Kyoto agreement a decade ago , carbon dioxide concentrations have risen faster than even the worst - case scenarios that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change suggested .
Some scientists are now saying we should have a back - up , or " plan B " .
Is there a consensus about a ' plan B ' ?
A survey of climate experts carried out by The Independent at the end of last year found that many now believe that a " plan B " is necessary if global temperatures continue to rise .
Just over half – 54 per cent – of the 80 international specialists who responded to our survey said the situation was now so dire that we must consider the artificial manipulation of the global climate to counter the effects of man-made emissions of greenhouse gases .
So where can we go from here ?
The Royal Society has set up a working committee to study the feasibility of geo-engineering and its report is due to be published this summer .
A number of research projects , such as the one being conducted aboard the Polarstern , are under way and their results will be published in the scientific literature .
The opponents argue that the Earth 's climate system is far too complex to be interfered with in this way , but others argue that we may end up having no alternative if carbon dioxide concentrations continue to rise , along with global temperatures .
There may come a point when we have no alternative but to try geo-engineering .
Should we fight climate change with iron dust and solar screens ?
Yes ...
* Carbon dioxide levels are rising so fast we may have no alternative if we are to maintain a habitable world
* Natural carbon sinks that absorb carbon dioxide are weakening , so we need to may need to boost them
* We are already engaged in a massive climate experiment by pumping greenhouse gases into the atmosphere
No ...
* The risks of uncontrolled side - effects are too great
* Geo-engineering is a dangerous distraction from the goal of curbing man-made greenhouse gas emissions
* We caused one environmental disaster with global warming and we have no right to risk causing another with geo-engineering
Does a short haircut mean women have gone off sex ?
Is short hair a conscious - or unconscious - signal that a woman is not interested in sex ?
The question was raised this week by sex therapist and former comedienne Pamela Stephenson , who believes ' deliberately reducing one 's attractiveness ' can sometimes be a way of repelling men's interest .
We asked a series of writers , experts and even a celebrity hairdresser for their views , with fascinating results ...
Short and sleek :
But is there a underlying meaning in Victoria Beckham , left , and Natalie Portman 's choice of hair style ?
Anjula Mutanda : ' Long hair is still shorthand for sexual attractiveness '
Anjula Mutanda , relationship psychologist , TV presenter and author of Celebrity Life Laundry
If you gave a man two photographs of the same woman - in one her hair is long and in the other her hair is short - he will , almost invariably , prefer the long - haired version .
Regardless of split ends or whether the cut suits the shape of her face , long hair has come to signify many of the qualities that a man looks for in a mate .
His reaction is primeval .
Evolutionary psychologists believe that a head of long , healthy hair has been a basic indicator of a woman 's well - being since the dawn of mankind .
Cave paintings celebrated long - haired women - the longer the hair the more fertile and , therefore , desirable she was - and nothing had changed when Botticelli painted the Birth of Venus , complete with those flowing locks , millennia later .
These days you need only watch a shampoo commercial to see that long hair is still shorthand for sexual attractiveness .
Glossy , shoulder - length tresses are tossed from side to side as the ultimate sign of a woman at her peak .
Touching and playing with our hair is also regarded as one of the more obvious flirtation techniques .
Keira Knightley , left , and Halle Berry : Giving out the signal they 're not interested in sex through their hair cut ?
Our hair has always played a major part in the sexual drama of life .
Longer hair is associated with youth perhaps because as young girls we usually wear our hair long , and it is generally the case that when women become mothers they cut their hair for the sake of practicality , continuing to wear it shorter and shorter as they get older .
This , of course , coincides with a gradual falling away of libido and sexual activity .
While long hair appears to indicate to the male brain a more submissive and available woman , in simple terms it also distinguishes women from men in appearance .
That 's why it is such a powerful symbol of femininity and why , conversely , if a woman even subconsciously feels she is losing interest in sex , she will cut her hair .
Dr Pam Spurr : ' For women , hair is a reflection of the person , of her moods and her self - esteem '
Dr Pam Spurr , relationships expert
Our hair reflects so much of our internal life - and what 's going on with us emotionally - that you should n't be surprised when a woman cuts her hair and also changes something in her life .
Do n't be fooled when a woman cuts it all off or completely restyles it and yet denies there 's anything going on .
You can bet that some sort of emotional change is taking place , and usually a dramatic cut reflects a whole new phase for her .
Many times
I 've noticed a client or a friend make such a change to their hair only for them to confide - or for me to discover - that something 's been troubling them .
It could be anything from general dissatisfaction with how they 've been feeling about themselves , to dissatisfaction with something specifically , such as their sex life .
It 's symbolic , in the sense that shedding their hair is like shedding a part of their old life : and yes , that can include sex .
The woman who has been dissatisfied with her sex life , and decides she no longer wants to have sex , uses the power of the haircut as a sign to show she 's reclaiming power in the bedroom .
Or maybe if she 's been unhappy in her relationship , by cutting her hair she shows she 's going to stand up for herself and become more self - reliant .
Some people might think this is all nonsense and that a haircut is just a haircut .
But for women , hair is absolutely a reflection of the person , of her moods and her self - esteem .
It is the first thing people notice about us , as well as being an indicator of health .
Deep down , we realise the power our hair has as a marker of who we are and what we 're feeling about ourselves and our lives .
Hannah Betts : ' A woman shorn is a woman stripped of desire '
Hannah Betts , style and beauty expert
When Delilah wanted to destroy the potency of Samson , she lopped off his locks .
By the same logic , when an attempt is made to curtail female sexuality , scissors will be brandished .
Rapunzel is the archetype for this sacrifice of seductiveness .
Moreover , the chop goes two ways : in the fairy story , just as Rapunzel is fleeced of the hair that symbolised her sensuality , so her lover loses the eyes with which he gazed at it .
The message : a woman shorn is a woman stripped of desire and desirability .
The most savage seductresses - sirens , mermaids , Lorelei - all exploited manes in which male destinies might become entangled .
Mortal enchantresses , too , were never without luxuriant tresses with which to lasso their prey .
The longer and more untrammelled a woman 's hair , the more potent and dangerous her sexuality .
Tumbling tresses also boast of more positive sexual associations .
Renaissance brides adopted flowing locks as an emblem of vir ginity , sexuality and fertility .
In ages in which inadequate nutrition played havoc with beauty , resplendent hair was a sign of fruitfulness , its unleashing implying the intimacy of the bedchamber .
Where long hair suggested sex , short hair has been a mark of revolution ; of women putting political rather than sexual objectives first .
The long and short of it : Gwyneth Paltrow cropped her hair for her part in the film Sliding Doors but soon grew it back again
In the wake of the French Revolution , modish English women adopted cropped styles .
Similarly , in the Roaring Twenties and Swinging Sixties , women bobbed their hair to indicate that they were pleasing themselves rather than their menfolk .
What 's interesting to note , however , is that whenever a trend for cropped hair has taken hold , it has been followed closely by a return to the fashion for long locks .
Why ?
Well , whatever the empowerment of going short , its historical associations remain negative .
As long hair suggested the time and money to tend it , so a cropped style implied poverty , practicality , an avoidance of machinery .
In Little Women , when Jo March sells her hair so her mother can afford to visit her injured father , there is shock , and still it is an act of only the most abject distress .
Chopped styles are associated with illness : be it feverish Victorian heroines , shaven - headed asylum inmates or today 's chemotherapy patients .
For women , such actions invariably contained some psychological element of the curbing of sexual appetite .
So yes , perhaps it 's true that if a modern woman cuts her hair short she really is trying to tell us she 's gone off sex .
Irma Kurtz : ' Long hair advertises a desire to attract '
Irma Kurtz , agony aunt
It was the week before my 40th birthday ; I had sported long hair as long as I could remember .
I used to cut it myself , simply a matter of trimming split ends off the bottom of a waist - length ponytail .
Men loved my hair , or so they said .
The bold ones used to say they 'd like to see it spread out on the pillow .
I was a mother to a two - year - old son and we were visiting my folks when , with a little shock , I found the first long grey hairs and knew it was time for the chop .
Dyeing my long mop might fool passers - by , but how could it fool the real me who lived under it ?
Long hair past its prime smacked of desperation to me , and maybe even of the kind of woman who would indulge in late - life promiscuity .
It lacked the seriousness that must surely come to women raising children in their fifth decade .
I left my son with his grandparents in the country and headed by bus for the city and a ' crimper ' .
' That makes you look a whole lot younger , ' the man in salon said to my shorn reflection in the mirror , which shocked me , as I had not before thought of myself as looking old .
But back on the street I was soon aware that fewer men turned their heads the way they used to .
The realisation started to dawn on me that long hair advertises a desire to attract , even to be dominated .
Long hair on a woman shouts : ' Pull me , please ! '
Newly - cut hair represents a different relationship to her sexuality and her sexual life .
For me after that dramatic change of appearance , short - haired sex would turn out to be less frequent .
After I first cut my hair , I returned home on the bus .
My parents had brought my son to meet me at the station .
He ran towards me , shouting : ' That 's my mum !
That 's my mum ! '
Then he stopped short , noted my new cut hair and said in puzzlement : ' That 's not my mum .. .'
I was his mum and always would be with all my heart : love is deeper than the roots of our hair .
But I would never again be quite the same woman who had awakened that morning in a tangle of long tresses .
Richard Ward : ' Most of the women that come to my salon wanting a drastic chop are in a stable relationship '
Hairdresser Richard Ward , whose clients include Geri Halliwell , Elizabeth Hurley and Marie Helvin .
Does short hair mean that a woman has given up on sex ?
Absolutely not .
But it might mean there are more important things to her than attracting a man .
The British male , in particular , is an unimaginative beast .
He does n't look at a woman 's chic and sleek new cut and think how fabulously fashionable it is .
He does n't assess its softly cut layers and think how perfectly it frames her features .
All he sees is the absence of the long mane that he instinctively equates with ' youth ' and ' sex ' .
So , if a woman is looking for a man , she 's not going to cut her hair off .
It 's a fact that long hair has a broader appeal to the opposite sex - I 'd say nine out of ten men prefer long hair to short - which means long - haired ladies are more likely to catch a guy 's eye .
It 's no surprise , then , that most of the women that come to my salon wanting a drastic chop are in a stable relationship .
They 're not looking to attract a man .
But just like men , I think women in general believe long hair is flirtier and sexier than short .
Over the years , I have cut Geri Halliwell 's hair into all kind of styles - she has experimented with crops and bobs and fringes - but she has always reverted back to long hair because she just feels sexier that way .
Variety is the spice of life : Geri Halliwell has experimented with different styles but feels sexier when her hair is longer
Gwyneth Paltrow is the same .
She looked fabulous with a blonde crop when she starred in Sliding Doors .
Women the world over were desperate to copy her style .
But she grew her hair back and has worn it mid-length to long ever since .
I expect most of the women who copied her have done the same .
But there comes a point in every woman 's life when she questions whether she is too old to wear her hair long .
It 's usually between the ages of 35 and 45 .
For Jerry
Hall who , at 52 , has clung to her trademark tresses for far too long , the answer is a definite yes .
At a certain age , long hair can start to feel a bit desperate .
It 's the same as wearing a mini- skirt when you 're old enough to know better - it 's very mutton - dressed - as - lamb .
There really is nothing quite as unsexy as someone who is trying a bit too hard .
So a shorter , more grown - up hair - style on an older woman is usually the best way for her to appear more confident and attractive .
But cutting it off is a big step and for many women it feels like the end of an era .
They 're petrified that the mere act of having a haircut will strip them of their sexiness and render them completely undesirable .
Dramatic ?
Maybe .
But then our hair is the only fashion accessory we wear every moment of our lives .
Lady Alice Douglas : ' Hair is an adornment as much as a necklace or a bracelet '
Lady Alice Douglas , writer
I 've associated long hair with femininity and sexuality ever since I shaved my beautiful blonde locks off after attending my first punk concert aged 14 .
My mother wept , but I loved it .
There was something fantastically refreshing , at that age , about removing myself from anything overtly girly .
I had led a rather sheltered life at boarding school up until that point , before the punk movement swept me up in its grasp , and shaving my head meant that I was now part of that scene .
It was liberating to think that I no longer needed to conform to the little girl stereotype .
But I do n't think that I was really aware of how that would affect my sexuality .
Perhaps I was too young to know , but I do remember feeling more boyish .
So it 's ironic that now , as a woman in her 40s , I am so desperate to hang on to that feminine image of long locks that I have even had hair extensions to bolster what was once mine naturally .
I had the extensions done shortly after my husband ran off because I consciously thought it would make me feel more sexually attractive .
I love having thick , long hair and I like to play with my current locks by twirling them around my fingers - it 's a form of self - expression .
My strenuous journey started with a seemingly simple task : I wanted to obtain a rough and tumble estimate of the amount of memory instantiating a rather opaque data structure from a third party library would consume .
Naively , I started writing a loop that created a new instance sleeping and then … I poked around Single Unix for a system call that could help and ended up coming up with `getrusage` .
OSX man pages stated it fills in this :
struct rusage { struct timeval ru_utime ; /* user time used */ struct timeval ru_stime ; /* system time used */ long ru_maxrss ; /* integral max resident set size */ long ru_ixrss ; /* integral shared text memory size */ long ru_idrss ; /* integral unshared data size */ long ru_isrss ; /* integral unshared stack size */ long ru_minflt ; /* page reclaims */ long ru_majflt ; /* page faults */ long ru_nswap ; /* swaps */ long ru_inblock ; /* block input operations */ long ru_oublock ; /* block output operations */ long ru_msgsnd ; /* messages sent */ long ru_msgrcv ; /* messages received */ long ru_nsignals ; /* signals received */ long ru_nvcsw ; /* voluntary context switches */ long ru_nivcsw ; /* involuntary context switches */ } ;
Unfortunately , all the fields apart from user and system time remain zeroed .
`grepping` through the xnu ( Darwin kernel , apparently the only available information about what does and does n’t work under OSX ) sources , I ended up finding this comment in the declaration of `struct rusage` which finally convinced me that I ’m not too stupid to make a simple call :
struct rusage { struct timeval ru_utime ; /* user time used ( PL ) */ struct timeval ru_stime ; /* system time used ( PL ) */ # if defined ( _POSIX_C_SOURCE ) & & !
defined ( _DARWIN_C_SOURCE ) long ru_opaque [ 14 ] ; /* implementation defined */ # else /* (! _POSIX_C_SOURCE || _DARWIN_C_SOURCE ) */ /* * Informational aliases for source compatibility with programs * that need more information than that provided by standards , * and which do not mind being OS - dependent .
*/ long ru_maxrss ; /* max resident set size ( PL ) */ # define ru_first ru_ixrss /* internal : ruadd ( ) range start */ long ru_ixrss ; /* integral shared memory size ( NU ) */ ( . . . ) } ;
At least the good folks over at SUN are kind enough to mention the fact all the fields are dummies in their man pages .
Then I found Michael Knight ’s ( not that one ) blog , which used the underlying mach function `task_info` .
Unfortunately , Apple does n’t document the mach API at all and the sole reference they supply points directly to nowhere .
Well , if `ps` can determine memory usage , surely it should be able to tell me how .
Finding the source of OSX `ps` was another story .
Hint : it ’s not located in the `basic_cmds` , `misc_cmds` , `shell_cmds` , or `system_cmds` package .
It ’s in the `adv_cmds` ( advice ? , advanced ? , adventure ? ) .
`ps` ended up using a bunch of equally undocumented ( non-mach ) kernel functions .
At this point I remembered that `macfuse` contains a `procfs` for OSX .
To me , using `proc` seems to be the obvious way to get memory usage under Linux , so I dug through that and saw macfuse uses `task_info` as well .
I finally found documentation for the mach API within the xnu sources under the `osfmk / man` directory or online here and was able to write a simplified version of Michael ’s original .
Voila :
# include < mach / task.h > int getmem ( unsigned int * rss , unsigned int * vs ) { task_t task = MACH_PORT_NULL ; struct task_basic_info t_info ; mach_msg_type_number_t t_info_count = TASK_BASIC_INFO_COUNT
; if ( KERN_SUCCESS !
= task_info ( mach_task_self ( ) , TASK_BASIC_INFO , ( task_info_t ) & t_info , & t_info_count ) ) { return - 1 ; } * rss = t_info .
resident_size ; * vs = t_info .
virtual_size ; return 0 ; }
In case anyone knows of an even remotely portable way obtain similar information , please let me know .
Detailed evidence has emerged of Israel 's extensive use of US - made weaponry during its war in Gaza last month , including white phosphorus artillery shells , 500 lb bombs and Hellfire missiles .
In a report released today , Amnesty International detailed the weapons used and called for an immediate arms embargo on Israel and all Palestinian armed groups .
It called on the Obama administration to suspend military aid to Israel .
The human rights group said that those arming both sides in the conflict " will have been well aware of a pattern of repeated misuse of weapons by both parties and must therefore take responsibility for the violations perpetrated " .
The US has long been the largest arms supplier to Israel ; under a current 10 - year agreement negotiated by the Bush administration the US will provide $ 30 bn ( £ 21 bn ) in military aid to Israel .
" As the major supplier of weapons to Israel , the USA has a particular obligation to stop any supply that contributes to gross violations of the laws of war and of human rights , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty 's Middle East and North Africa programme director .
" To a large extent , Israel 's military offensive in Gaza was carried out with weapons , munitions and military equipment supplied by the USA and paid for with US taxpayers ' money . "
For their part , Palestinian militants in Gaza were arming themselves with " unsophisticated weapons " including rockets made in Russia , Iran and China and bought from " clandestine sources " , it said .
About 1,300 Palestinians were killed and more than 4,000 injured during the three - week conflict .
On the Israeli side 13 were killed , including three civilians .
Amnesty said Israel 's armed forces carried out " direct attacks on civilians and civilian objects in Gaza , and attacks which were disproportionate or indiscriminate " .
The Israeli military declined to comment yesterday .
Palestinian militants also fired " indiscriminate rockets " at civilians , Amnesty said .
It called for an independent investigation into violations of international humanitarian law by both sides .
Amnesty researchers in Gaza found several weapon fragments after the fighting .
One came from a 500 lb ( 227kg ) Mark - 82 fin guided bomb , which had markings indicating parts were made by the US company Raytheon .
They also found fragments of US - made white phosphorus artillery shells , marked M825 A1 .
On 15 January , several white phosphorus shells fired by the Israeli military hit the headquarters of the UN Relief and Works Agency in Gaza City , destroying medicine , food and aid .
One fragment found at the scene had markings indicating it was made by the Pine Bluff Arsenal , based in Arkansas , in October 1991 .
The human rights group said the Israeli military had used white phosphorus in densely populated civilian areas , which it said was an indiscriminate form of attack and a war crime .
Its researchers found white phosphorus still burning in residential areas days after the ceasefire .
At the scene of an Israeli attack that killed three Palestinian paramedics and a boy in Gaza City on 4 January , Amnesty found fragments of an AGM114 Hellfire missile , made by Hellfire Systems of Orlando , a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing .
The missile is often fired from Apache helicopters .
Amnesty said it also found evidence of a new type of missile , apparently fired from unmanned drones , which exploded into many pieces of shrapnel that were " tiny sharp - edged metal cubes , each between 2 and 4 mm square in size " .
" They appear designed to cause maximum injury , " Amnesty said .
Many civilians were killed by this weapon , including several children , it said .
Rockets fired by Palestinian militants were either 122 mm Grad missiles or short - range Qassam rockets , a locally made , improvised artillery weapon .
Warheads were either smuggled in or made from fertiliser .
The arsenal of weapons was on a " very small scale compared to Israel " , it said , adding that the scale of rocket arsenal deployed by Hizbullah in the 2006 Lebanese war was " beyond the reach of Palestinian militant groups " .
Armed for war
Israelis Missiles launched from helicopters and unmanned drones , including 20 mm cannon and Hellfire missiles .
Larger laser - guided and other bombs dropped by F - 16 warplanes .
Extensive use of US - made 155 mm white phosphorus artillery shells and Israeli - made 155 mm illuminating shells that eject phosphorus canisters by parachute .
Several deaths caused by flechettes , 4 cm - long metal darts packed into 120 mm tank shells , and fragments of US - made 120 mm tank shells .
Palestinians Militants fired rockets into southern Israel including 122 mm Grad rockets of either Russian , Chinese or Iranian manufacture , and smaller , improvised Qassam rockets often made inside Gaza and usually holding 5 kg of explosives and shrapnel .
Understanding Comics
Poor Faye .
For once she is not the center of attention , and it makes her cranky .
Ah well , one can not be in the spotlight all the time !
Holy CRAP .
Apparently Scott McCloud , comics guru , author ofand many other fine publications , is a fan of Questionable Content !
That completely blows my mind .
I am a big fan of McCloud 's work , so it is quite the honor .
Thanks Scott !
As advertised below the newspost , I will be at the MoCCA Art Festival this Saturday .
I wo n't have a table or anything , I am just going to hang out with my friends Stirling and Aido and a bunch of my Dumbrella pals .
If you happen to be going to the con and would like to say hello , keep a look out for the tall guy with light brown hair wearing a green Pintsize T - shirt .
Odds are it is me !
Even if it is not me , clearly he is a QC fan and you should say hello .
I hope to see some of you there !
If you do not already own the new AC Newman Album , you are seriously missing out .
Wonderful , gorgeous indie -pop in the vein of The Shins , Ted Leo and his Pharmacists , Spoon , and the New Pornographers ( of which Mr. Newman is a member ) .
This is probably one of the must - buys of this year , and a wonderful record to listen to with the summertime , possibly as you drive down a sunny road with your windows down .
That 's all I 've got for tonight .
Enjoy the comic and I will see you Monday !
For the first time , Boozer said unequivocally Wednesday night that he will indeed opt out of his contract at the end of the season , forgoing a guaranteed $ 12.66 million to become an unrestricted free agent .
" I 'm opting out .
No matter what , I 'm going to get a raise regardless , " Boozer told ESPN.com .
" I am going to opt out , I do n't see why I would n't , I think it 's a very good business decision for me and my family , but I 'd also like to see what happens with the Jazz and stay here . "
Boozer 's statement can only come as welcome news to teammate Paul Millsap , who posted his 13th consecutive double - double in place of Boozer on Wednesday night as Utah came back from an early 22 - point deficit to defeat the New Jersey Nets 103-92 .
Millsap was the catalyst in a huge fourth - quarter surge for the Jazz as they outscored the Nets 40 - 23 in the period , with Millsap contributing half of his 18 points and half of his 12 rebounds over the final 12 minutes .
With Boozer sidelined the past 15 games by a knee injury ( he sounded as though he had a setback Wednesday , experiencing pain after a workout , and planned to have an MRI Thursday ) Millsap has unquestionably established himself as the NBA player providing the most bang for the buck .
In a locker room where Andrei Kirilenko is making $ 15.1 million , Boozer $ 11.6 , Mehmet Okur $ 8.5 million and Deron Williams $ 5.07 million -- with a max extension kicking in next season -- Millsap is the lowest - paid player on the team with a salary of $ 797,581 , a result of his signing a three - year deal when he was a rookie , with the third year at the team 's option .
Millsap will be a restricted free agent at the end of the season , with Utah holding the rights to match any offer .
But a big question mark is whether there will be any money to pay Millsap and still keep the Jazz beneath the luxury - tax threshold , which owner Larry Miller has vowed publicly he will never exceed .
Jazz general manager Kevin O'Connor told ESPN.com that Miller has n't been quite so absolute regarding the luxury tax in internal conversations , but the issue could become moot if the Jazz allow Boozer to leave as a free agent , which would allow them to pay Millsap something resembling his fair market value .
Possibly complicating matters to a certain degree is the fact that Millsap reiterated his commitment to being represented by his uncle , Brendrick Simmons , who received a briefing from players ' union officials Wednesday on the different scenarios Millsap may face this summer .
Paramount among the concerns of Millsap 's camp is whether any team with significant cap space will be willing to tender an offer sheet to Millsap , with the expectation around the league being that Utah will match anything that is not egregiously unreasonable -- especially if the Jazz are far enough under the tax threshold to pay Millsap his fair market value .
Some would argue that Millsap is a $ 5 - 6 million player , while others would argue that any player brawnish and brutish enough to accumulate such an impressive streak of double - figure statistical totals is probably worth closer to $ 10 million annually than $ 5 million .
Utah will have even more flexibility with Millsap and others if Okur exercises an early termination contract and walks away from the final season of his contract , forsaking $ 9 million , although Okur and his agent both told ESPN.com that they will wait until the end of the season to assess the NBA landscape and see how many teams have significant cap space to make a play for a player of Okur 's caliber .
Currently , Atlanta , Memphis , Portland , Miami , Detroit and Oklahoma City are among the teams positioned to have the most cap flexibility .
Jazz coach Jerry Sloan has been uncharacteristically effusive in his praise for Millsap during Boozer 's absence , and O'Connor told ESPN.com on Wednesday : " We intend to keep Paul Millsap .
I do n't know how much more succinct I can be . "
Upon hearing that remark , Millsap replied : " Bit of a relief , knowing your team wants you .
I would love to be here , great system , playing with one of the best point guards in the league , it can't get no better . "
When he hears of Boozer 's plans to opt out , it may get even better .
That 'll mean the money will be there to pay Millsap and keep Miller under the luxury tax , although it would come at the cost of letting Boozer -- their leading scorer and rebounder -- walk away with Utah getting nothing in return .
Nothing , that is , except for the chance to have the financial flexibility to lock up a rebounding machine who has shown over the past 13 games -- especially in Boston on Monday night when Millsap scored 32 points as Kevin Garnett , according to one Jazz player , kept calling over to teammate Kendrick Perkins : " You take him , Perk . "
But if what Boozer was saying Wednesday night comes to fruition , or if the Jazz can find a taker for Kirilenko in a trade -- there 's going to be nobody taking Millsap .
The Jazz will keep him .
ESPN.com NBA Insider Chris Sheridan has been covering the NBA for 10 years .
The ‘s jury announced the winners which were chosen from a field of 18 movies by a seven - member international jury under British actress .
Peruvian director ‘s “ “ / ” , ” won the Berlin film festival ’s top Golden Bear award on Saturday .
“ The Milk of Sorrow ” is the second consecutive Latin American winner in Berlin .
Last year ’swent to Brazilian director Jose Padilha ’s “ The Elite Squad .
” The festival ’s jury grand prize , which comes with a runner - up Grand Prix , was shared Saturday by two films .‘s debut feature “ ” tells the story of a Uruguayan supermarket security guard who is obsessed with a co-worker , a cleaner , while German director ‘s “ “ / ” ” follows a couple during a difficult vacation .
Iranian helmertook the Silver Bear , as best director , for his mystery - thriller “ “ / ” . ”
The best actress and actor Silver Bears went tofor “ Everyone Else ” andwas named best actor for his part in ‘s “ . ”
He plays a French Muslim desperately awaiting news of his son after the 2005 terrorist attacks in London .
The only major prize for a U.S. film was the Silver Bear for best script , which went toandfor the military drama “ , ” in whichandstar as U.S.
Army officers responsible for informing families about the deaths of soldiers .
Moverman also directed the film .
The Silver Bear for artistic contribution went toandfor the sound design of ‘s drama “ . ”
Two movies shared the festival ’s Alfred Bauer Prize – “ Gigante ” and “ “ / ” , ” a postwar story about the relationship between a middle - aged woman and a younger man , from Polish veteran .
Following the awards ceremony , presented the world premiere of his immigrant drama “ , ” the fest ’s closing film .
The full list of winners : GOLDEN BEAR FOR BEST FILM La Teta asustada ( The Milk of Sorrow ) , directed by Claudia Llosa SILVER BEAR – THE JURY GRAND PRIX Alle Anderen ( Everyone Else ) , dir. by Maren Ade Gigante , dir. by Adrián Biniez SILVER BEAR FOR BEST DIRECTOR Asghar Farhadi , Darbareye Elly ( About Elly ) SILVER BEAR FOR BEST ACTRESS Birgit Minichmayr , Ale Anderen ( Everyone Else ) SILVER BEAR FOR BEST ACTOR Sotigui Kouyate , London River SILVER BEAR FOR OUTSTANDING ARTISTIC CONTRIBUTION Gábor Erdély and Tamás Székely for Sound Design in Katalin Varga SILVER BEAR FOR BEST SCRIPT Oren Moverman and Alessandro Camon , The Messenger ALFRED BAUER PRIZE Gigante , dir. by Adrián Biniez Tatarak ( Sweet Rush ) , dir . by Andrzej Wajda BEST FIRST FEATURE AWARD Gigante , dir. by Adrián Biniez GOLDEN BEAR FOR BEST SHORT FILM Please Say Something , dir . by David O’Reillly SILVER BEAR Jade , dir . by Daniel Elliott DAAD SHORT FILM PRIZE The Illusion , dir . by Susana Barriga SHORT FILM NOMINEE FOR THE EUROPEAN FILM AWARDS 2009 Die Leiden des Herrn Karpf .
Der Geburtstag , dir .by Lola Randl FIPRESCI PRIZE – COMPETITION La Teta asustada ( The Milk of Sorrow )
President - Elect Barack Obama may seek to save money and advance America 's space presence by promoting closer cooperation between the US military space programme and NASA , according to reports .
Bloomberg News , in an exclusive report , claims that " Obama ’s transition team is considering a collaboration between the Defense Department and NASA ... according to people who ’ve discussed the idea with the Obama team " .
However the news service also quotes Obama spokesman Nick Shapiro as saying that “ The NASA review team is just asking questions ; no decisions have been made " .
The problems America faces in space for the coming decade come in two main areas .
Firstly , US manned spaceflight is planned to cease with the retirement of the space shuttle fleet next year - though NASA has been required by law to keep open the option of a shuttle extension until President Obama arrives in office .
Under the space agency 's current plans , no US astronaut could travel to space in an American ship until the new generation of Ares / Orion rockets and modules are ready , which can't realistically happen any sooner than 2015 .
Barring a substantial , credit - crunch - flouting budget increase , NASA says that any extension of the shuttle fleet would push back Ares / Orion pretty much year for year - hence the agency is bitterly opposed to any such extension .
The problem with a gap in US manned spaceflight capability is primarily one of image and diplomatic leverage - for at least the first few years after Shuttle retirement , NASA could only get its astronauts to and from the substantially US - funded and operated International Space Station ( ISS ) aboard Russian Soyuz rockets .
While a lack of personnel on the station might not have any very significant real - world impact on America , it would be a huge blow to US prestige .
Even a delicately implied threat of such a withdrawal of cooperation by Russia could be hugely troublesome .
Meanwhile , the US military and intelligence community has been seriously rattled by China 's successful 2007 satellite - buster test .
America 's spooks and armed forces are heavily reliant on satellites for global communications , navigation and surveillance .
In particular , much of America 's ability to spot ballistic missile launches around the globe comes from spy satellites .
A Cold - War era moratorium on active space combat has held fairly well until now from the US point of view : the only major push which could really be viewed as a budding orbital strike force is America 's own missile - defence programme .
America insists , of course , that it is nothing of the sort - it is merely an unfortunate side - effect that interceptors able to knock down intercontinental ballistic missiles are by their nature also able to hit satellites in low orbit .
Nonetheless , there are many in the Pentagon and the spy services who see China 's test as the opening of a new era of struggle for space dominance : and who do n't regard China as the only threat , either .
With India now able to send a probe to the Moon , and even Iran claiming that it will be able to put payloads into orbit shortly , there will soon be a lot of new players on the orbital game board .
If , like the paranoid empire - builders of the Pentagon , you prefer to be ready for what someone could do with their hardware rather than what they probably will do , this all seems - or can be made to seem - very threatening .
A lot of military people and spooks in Washington at the moment will be issuing reports and briefings calling for new space assets - for instance watcher satellites designed to spot attacks on existing US sats , or tactical space scanner systems - and saying effectively " if nothing is done , we can't be held responsible in ten years ' time " .
Meanwhile , Mr Obama 's transition team are expecting to arrive in Washington just as the spending crunch hits - they will have to tackle the NASA astronaut - lift gap and military / spook space panic on a ( relatively ) shoestring budget .
Hence the hope that the military could collaborate with NASA , perhaps with the goal of man-rating existing Delta or Atlas lift rockets to carry NASA 's Orion ( or some other astronaut ship , perhaps the privately designed SpaceX Dragon ) rather than developing Ares .
On the face of it , the idea could make sense .
Nonetheless there will be many opposed to such a plan .
It might , after all , achieve the worst of both worlds - the US secret spysat empire and NASA 's manned space programme have both suffered budget overruns and embarrassing failures in recent times .
Two wrongs do n't always make a right .
Indeed , the space shuttle itself is often pointed up as an example of failed military / civilian cooperation - designed to be both a reusable space launcher and a cunning system for positioning spy sats in a sneaky way , in the end it did n't really achieve either goal .
Furthermore , the space shuttle came out of the old NASA , an agency arguably much more closely allied with the military .
Elements of that culture are still there - many of the astronaut elite , who often go on to senior management positions , still come from the US armed forces - but there are those who'd see a stronger orientation towards peaceful scientific and educational endeavour in the post - Cold War space agency .
It 's hard to imagine the new breed of " educator astronauts " - chosen from among American schoolteachers - happily assisting in the deployment of secret military space payloads , ones perhaps quasi-illegal under some interpretations of international law .
The potential for culture clashes and obstructionism on both sides would surely seem to be greater than of old .
All in all , it looks as if Mr Obama may have his work cut out for him once he takes over - in space as in many another field .
The Bloomberg report can be read here . ®
NEW YORK - Arthur Laupus joined AARP because he thought the nonprofit senior citizen advocacy group would make his retirement years easier .
He signed up for an auto insurance policy endorsed by AARP , believing the advertising that said he would save money .
He did n't .
When Laupus , 71 , compared his car insurance rate with a dozen other companies , he found he was paying twice the average .
Why ?
One reason , he learned , was because AARP was taking a cut out of his premium before sending the money to Hartford Financial Services Group , the provider of the coverage .
Laupus stumbled onto something that many members of the world 's largest seniors ' organization do n't know :
The group , formerly called American Association of Retired Persons , collects hundreds of millions of dollars annually from insurers who pay for AARP 's endorsement of their policies .
The insurance companies build the cost of these so - called royalties and fees , which amounted to $ 497.6 million in 2007 , into the premiums they charge AARP members , according to AARP 's consolidated financial statement for that year .
AARP uses the royalties and fees to fund about half the expenses that pay for activities such as publishing brochures about health care and consumer fraud - as well as for paying down the $ 200 million bond debt that funded the association 's marble and brass - studded Washington headquarters .
In addition , AARP holds clients ' insurance premiums for as long as a month and invests the money , which added $ 40.4 million to its revenue in 2007 .
" At the end of the day , it 's all about fattening the coffers of the organization , " says Thomas Orecchio , who was chairman of the Arlington Heights , Ill. - based National Association of Personal Financial Advisors until September .
AARP , he says , is sponsoring insurance for its members at inflated prices .
" It 's the dirty little secret , " he says .
During the past decade , royalties and fees have made up an increasing percentage of AARP 's income , rising to 43 percent of its $ 1.17 billion in revenue in 2007 from 11 percent in 1999 , according to AARP data .
Laupus , a former teacher in Baltimore , and millions of others joined AARP in the belief it would provide discounts , services , and publications .
The organization ranks behind only Consumer Reports and the American Red Cross as the most trusted large group that influences US politics and business , a 2007 Harris Poll found .
AARP has helped millions with tax returns , estate planning and health care advice .
With stock markets around the world plunging , savings plans in turmoil , and medical costs soaring , older Americans need an advocacy organization in their corner .
" The turbulent economy puts more people in the difficult situation of being under - or uninsured , " says Iowa Republican Senator Charles Grassley .
" That 's why we need to make sure individuals are n't taken advantage of with misleading marketing , especially by a name brand advocate who carries a high level of trust . "
January 1 , 2009
Sex Sells
Dennis Prager is often an annoying and irrational blowhard , but he 's right about this -- smart women put out for their husbands and boyfriends .
( And vice - versa -- but men and women are different , and he illustrates one difference here , in how not putting out is viewed by a man . )
An excerpt from his essay , " When A Woman Is n't In The Mood , Part I " :
It is an axiom of contemporary marital life that if a wife is not in the mood , she need not have sex with her husband .
Here are some arguments why a woman who loves her husband might want to rethink this axiom .
First , women need to recognize how a man understands a wife 's refusal to have sex with him :
A husband knows that his wife loves him first and foremost by her willingness to give her body to him .
This is rarely the case for women .
Few women know their husband loves them because he gives her his body ( the idea sounds almost funny ) .
This is , therefore , usually a revelation to a woman .
Many women think men's natures are similar to theirs , and this is so different from a woman 's nature , that few women know this about men unless told about it .
This is a major reason many husbands clam up .
A man whose wife frequently denies him sex will first be hurt , then sad , then angry , then quiet .
And most men will never tell their wives why they have become quiet and distant .
They are afraid to tell their wives .
They are often made to feel ashamed of their male sexual nature , and they are humiliated ( indeed emasculated ) by feeling that they are reduced to having to beg for sex .
And here 's Prager 's Part II :
1 . If most women wait until they are in the mood before making love with their husband , many women will be waiting a month or more until they next have sex .
When most women are young , and for some older women , spontaneously getting in the mood to have sex with the man they love can easily occur .
But for most women , for myriad reasons -- female nature , childhood trauma , not feeling sexy , being preoccupied with some problem , fatigue after a day with the children and / or other work , just not being interested -- there is little comparable to a man 's " out of nowhere , " and seemingly constant , desire for sex .
2 . Why would a loving , wise woman allow mood to determine whether or not she will give her husband one of the most important expressions of love she can show him ?
What else in life , of such significance , do we allow to be governed by mood ?
What if your husband woke up one day and announced that he was not in the mood to go to work ?
If this happened a few times a year , any wife would have sympathy for her hardworking husband .
But what if this happened as often as many wives announce that they are not in the mood to have sex ?
Most women would gradually stop respecting and therefore eventually stop loving such a man .
What woman would love a man who was so governed by feelings and moods that he allowed them to determine whether he would do something as important as go to work ?
Why do we assume that it is terribly irresponsible for a man to refuse to go to work because he is not in the mood , but a woman can -- indeed , ought to -- refuse sex because she is not in the mood ?
Why ?
And no , I 'm not suggesting anything remotely close to rape .
This is just Prager 's rather long - winded restatement of what I said in my Advice Goddess column , " A Tale Of Naked Whoa , " from May of 2007 :
Relationships are filled with little tasks that do n't exactly bring a person to screaming orgasm .
A man , for example , does n't wake up in the middle of the night with some primal longing to bring his girlfriend flowers , rehang her back door , or clean the trap in her sink .
Like sex , these things can be expressions of love , but if a guy 's going to lock himself in the bathroom , it 's not going to be with " Bob Vila 's Complete Guide to Remodeling Your Home . "
So , could n't putting out when you are n't in the mood be seen as just another expression of love ?
Joan Sewell , author of I 'd Rather Eat Chocolate : Learning to Love My Low Libido , told The Atlantic Monthly , " If you have sex when you do n't desire it , physically desire it , you are going to feel used . "
Well , okay , perhaps .
But , if a guy rotates a woman 's tires when he does n't desire it , physically desire it , does he feel used ?
Actually , we all do plenty of things with our bodies that we do n't really feel like ; for instance , taking our bodies to work when we have a hangover instead of putting our bodies in front of some greasy hash browns , and then to bed .
For women , however , sexual things are supposed to be out of the question .
I think the subtext here is not doing things we really do n't feel like if it GIVES A MAN PLEASURE .
And no , I 'm not advocating rape or anything remotely close to it .
And , of course , if you find sex with your husband or boyfriend a horrible chore , you 're in the wrong place .
Otherwise , if you 're with a man , and he 's nice to you , and works hard to please you , would it kill you to throw him a quickie ?
The real problem for many couples is the notion that " the mood " is something they 're supposed to wait around for like Halley 's Comet -- probably due to the assumption that desire works the same in men and women .
The truth is , just because a woman is n't in the mood does n't mean she can't get in the mood .
According to breakthrough work by sexual medicine specialist Rosemary Basson , women in long - term relationships tend not to have the same " spontaneous sexual neediness " men do , but they can be arousable , or " triggerable . "
In other words , forget trying to have sex .
Tell your girlfriend about Basson 's findings , and ask her to try an experiment : making out three times a week ( without sex being the presumed outcome ) and seeing if " the mood " happens to strike her .
You just might find the member getting admitted to the club a little more often .
Sexperts will tell you " a sexual mismatch need n't mean the end of a relationship " -- which sounds good but tends to play out like being hungry for three meals a day and being expected to make do with a handful of pretzels .
Expressway to Resentsville , anyone ?
If it comes to that , breakup sex is a better idea .
You 're always going to have issues in a relationship , but for a relationship to work for you , the biggie 'll have to be something like your falling asleep after sex , not her falling asleep before .
*
Henry Ford stands next to the Model T. Despite early successes of transportation modes such as railways , streetcars and subways , mass production of automobiles lowered prices , and more roads led many Americans to buy cars .
See more ­classic car pictures .
Getty Images
Surprising­ly , the modern automobile did n't get its start in the United States , where we think of cars as ubiquitous , but rather in Germany .
Historians generally agree that the first working car , made by German engineer Gottlieb Daimler and named after his daughter , Mercedes , appeared in 1884 .
At nearly the same time , another German , Karl Benz , designed his own , similar version of the car .
But before long , automobile technology spread rapidly to other countries , including America , and by the 1930s , the Germans were looking at American road systems to develop the famous Autobahn superhighway .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The car is essentially synonymous with modern American life , and if you look around many cities and suburbs in the United States , you 'll see why the connection is so strong .
Office buildings , residential areas and shopping malls are all built with the car in mind .
The emergence of the automobile as a consumer commodity even changed the greater landscape of the United States .
Suburbs grew out of cities and expanded metropolitan areas , and personal transportation made it easier for Americans to commute longer distances .
Without the car , there 'd be no point in erecting giant billboards on the side of the road , and the idea of fast food probably would n't even exist .
­
­ Today , we rely on cars more than ever .
For an idea of how important they are in America , one - third of all the land in the city of Los Angeles , Calif. , a place notorious for its excessive traffic , is paved for automobile travel .
The automobile is a relatively recent phenomenon -- it 's only been around for a little mor­e than a century -- and yet it 's managed to make a large impact on U.S. culture .
How did the car become so important in American life ?
Why not trains , subway systems or other forms of public transportation ?
To find out why automobiles rule the road -- and why the roads were built at all -- read on .
A reader sent us the above photo today , saying " a friend snapped this on the new E train this morning , and no one can figure out what it means .
do you guys know ? "
We asked the MTA and they told us : " A quick check says this is not an icon we use .
Looks like the sign was vandalized .
And I wo n’t even hazard a guess as to what it is meant to represent . "
So what do you guys think this vandal is trying to get fellow straphangers to stop doing ?
De-Evolution
There is a popular idea that evolution can reverse .
TV and movies use this a lot .
For example , in the " Mario Bros . " movie , the villain turned humans into chimpanzees .
This is n't true , and the Theory of Evolution does n't say it is true .
To be more specific : yes , you may contain some vestigial genetic information from your ancestors .
But you do n't contain all of it .
You are not " your ancestor plus some extra stuff " .
Even if genetics did work that way , you 've had a lot of ancestors down through the years .
There is n't room in your DNA to record them all .
Now , it is theoretically possible to have a mutation which exactly removes a previous mutation , and restores the exact original state of things .
But it 's unlikely , given that nothing in the genetic mechanism " knows " history .
Unlike computer files , DNA does not have time stamps .
A whole series of " reverse " mutations is really , really unlikely .
Up to the biology page .
Back to the Creation / Evolution page .
Email a comment .
How to help ( Unix ) programmers : silently omit data under certain circumstances .
From the Python 3000 release notes :
Note that when os.listdir ( ) returns a list of strings , filenames that cannot be decoded properly are omitted rather than raising UnicodeError .
( Background : in Python 3 k , os.listdir ( ) is normally called with a directory name that is a str Unicode object . )
Yes , os.listdir( ) had problems , but this is not a solution ; this is making the problems worse .
Before , at least you found out if you had a problem in this area .
Now you will get mysterious reports that your program does n't process all of the files that are there , on some platforms .
What this suggests is that os.listdir ( ) is actually not a portable interface .
On Unix it fundamentally deals with with byte - strings , and attempts to paper over that cause explosions ; on other platforms , in at least some circumstances , it fundamentally deals with Unicode strings , and you get the same explosions in the other direction .
Hiding the explosions does n't make them go away , it just makes the problem harder to diagnose .
Laws v. animal cruelty hurt pets Share
This :
My objection : if you impose fines , a public and social stigma , the cost of car repairs , the unpleasantness of dealing with police , the possibility of legal consequences in the future , etc. etc. on pet owners , then far fewer people will be willing to assume the burden of adopting an animal .
You are actively discouraging pet ownership .
And you are doing so without even considering non-state options -- e.g. asking a store to page the owner of a vehicle " license plate # xxxx " in which a dog seems to be in distress .
In my area , most stores would be quite willing to do this .
After all , most people who travel with their dogs and leave them in sealed vehicles are not sadistic pet abusers ; they are thoughtless .
They do n't deserve to be turned in to the cops ; they do n't deserve to spend hundreds of dollars to replace a glass window -- money they may have to take away from spending on their children ..
In short , the unintended consequences of trying to protect animals will result in many more pets being abandoned and becoming unadoptable .
Especially now , when people are cutting back on all discretionary spending , it is important to lower the barriers -- financial and otherwise -- for people to adopt from shelters .
Today 's rant is occasioned by a similarly stupid , stupid policy discussed in The Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) said it wanted to remind pet owners of their responsibilities under the 2006 Animal Welfare Act .
The 26 page document on cat welfare begins with a warning to owners : " It is your responsibility to read the complete Code of Practice to fully understand your cat 's welfare needs and what the law requires you to do . "
The article continues ...
" Cats need opportunities to climb and jump , such as a simple ' platform ' type bed or safe access to shelves and the tops of cupboards .
" Cats that are not very tame , such as some farm cats , may prefer to live outdoors in more basic shelter but you still need to look after them . "
The guidelines warn owners they could face prosecution for cruelty for leaving animals in hot cars .
Frankly , if I were forced to live up to the standards of the Code , which include providing a sufficient number of toys to cats , then I would consider taking 3 of the 5 cats we 've adopted to the shelter tomorrow .
I would not allow an agent of the state into my house to determine whether I have individual bowls for each cat ( I do n't . )
I would not leave myself open to being turned in for " animal cruelty " by a neighbor who has a grudge .
And yet the cats I would ( theoretically ) abandon are healthy and well - fed ; they have a farm to roam and regular check - ups at the vet .
They each have a place in the house where they curl up and sleep warmly in winter and Brad 's lap becomes Grand Central station whenever he sits down .
This British law is a form of animal abuse / cruelty in - and - of - itself because it severely penalizes people who treat their pets well but treat them like animals , not children .
The law is a forumula for discouraging people from adopting that cute kitten or that heartbreaker of a puppy .
When you lift the animal up , look into its eyes and fall in love , you are already balancing in your mind whether you can afford 12 years of food , vet bills , and assorted expenses .
Now you have to factor in possible prosecution by the law if you fail to sufficiently entertain your pet .
Of course , the law will say -- " we will only pursue cases that actually constitute clear abuse . "
Uh-huh .
Like any government agency today will restrain itself collecting any fines it can from any person it can pickpocket .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
The article continues ... Frankly , if I were forced to live up to the standards of the Code , which include providing a sufficient number of toys to cats , then I would consider taking 3 of the 5 cats we 've adopted to the shelter tomorrow .
I wouldallow an agent of the state into my house to determine whether I have individual bowls for each cat ( I do n't . )
I would not leave myself open to being turned in for " animal cruelty " by a neighbor who has a grudge .
And yet the cats I would ( theoretically ) abandon are healthy and well - fed ; they have a farm to roam and regular check - ups at the vet .
They each have a place in the house where they curl up and sleep warmly in winter and Brad 's lap becomes Grand Central station whenever he sits down .
This British law is a form of animal abuse / cruelty in - and - of - itself because it severely penalizes people who treat their pets well but treat them like animals , not children .
The law is a forumula for discouraging people from adopting that cute kitten or that heartbreaker of a puppy .
When you lift the animal up , look into its eyes and fall in love , you are already balancing in your mind whether you can afford 12 years of food , vet bills , and assorted expenses .
Now you have to factor in possible prosecution by the law if you fail to sufficiently entertain your pet .
Of course , the law will say -- " we will only pursue cases that actually constitute clear abuse . "
Uh-huh .
Like any government agency today will restrain itself collecting any fines it can from any person it can pickpocket .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Wednesday 05 November 2008 - 21:21:13 - Permalink
It will not surprise regular readers to hear that Brad and I are animal lovers who take in rescue dogs and cats from our local shelter , which we also support through donations of pet food .
As a " no kill " shelter , it is so successful at placing pets that other shelters -- including some outside of Ontario -- send animals they cannot place and do not wish to ' put down ' .
No one wants to kill a healthy , affectionate dog or cat .
And , so , it was with real reluctance that I directed a critical vent at the shelter ( see post of Nov. 25 , 2007 ) because one of its founders and most prominent voices advocated calling the police whenever you see an animal in a car with windows rolled up .
She explained that the police can break the window with legal impunity and impose sanctions on the pet owner .
My objection : if you impose fines , a public and social stigma , the cost of car repairs , the unpleasantness of dealing with police , the possibility of legal consequences in the future , etc. etc. on pet owners , then far fewer people will be willing to assume the burden of adopting an animal .
You are actively discouraging pet ownership .
And you are doing so without even considering non-state options -- e.g. asking a store to page the owner of a vehicle " license plate # xxxx " in which a dog seems to be in distress .
In my area , most stores would be quite willing to do this .
After all , most people who travel with their dogs and leave them in sealed vehicles are not sadistic pet abusers ; they are thoughtless .
They do n't deserve to be turned in to the cops ; they do n't deserve to spend hundreds of dollars to replace a glass window -- money they may have to take away from spending on their children ..
In short , the unintended consequences of trying to protect animals will result in many more pets being abandoned and becoming unadoptable .
Especially now , when people are cutting back on all discretionary spending , it is important to lower the barriers -- financial and otherwise -- for people to adopt from shelters .
Today 's rant is occasioned by a similarly stupid , stupid policy discussed in an article in yesterday 's BBC News that is entitled " Pet owners face code of practice . "
Caveman ’s Daydream September 10 , 2008
09.10.08 misery carved into our faces we line the platform waiting for the train sunlight happily smiling down oppressive heat igniting humidity as we try desperately to look tortured to be alive .
I look behind , down the terminal at the standing masses stretching for eons and see decrepit cripples clutching alms corpses rotting in the rain cadavers and bones strewn like Froebel gifts dust blasted by dry winds onto our granite slab receding into a shallow sea its frothy surf washing up the dead .
the train arrives , the doors hiss open and choking on a sickly sigh take my step check my watch quartz hearts resonate with ours the door gulps closed and we depart .
Date Wed , 28 Jan 2009 11:41:40 - 0800 ( PST ) From Linus Torvalds <> Subject Linux 2.6.29-rc3
It 's out there , and while it 's a bit larger than I 'd wish for , that size
is pretty understandable considering that it 's closer to two weeks than
one in between - rc2 and - rc3 ( due to LCA , obviously ) .
And it is n't really _that_ big : part of the reason it looks bigger as a
traditional patch ( which is what I upload when I upload patches ) than it
really is due to a lot of m68 k include file renames , so if you look at the
git rename - aware patches it all actually looks much smaller .
About a quarter of it is arch updates ( of which a third is ppc defconfig
updates ) : mainly sh , arm and m68 k .
Almost another quarter is some
filesystem updates , but the bulk of that is literally just splitting up
the core fs Kconfig file and moving out the filesystem config information
into the individual filesystems .
With some xfs updates to round it all up .
And half ( which is pretty much " the rest " for you guys keeping count ) is
driver updates .
As usual .
USB and the dmaengine code dominates in pure
lines , but there 's a couple of new drivers like the i.MX31 framebuffer
thing etc .
But the most interesting part ( at least for me ) of the driver update is
likely the continued fixing of the PCI suspend / resume handling , which for
me now finally results in a _reliable_ suspend / resume on one of my laptops
( admittedly I still have an X problem , but the discussions on the exact
way to fix that are still on - going , and it 's technically a userlevel
problem that will likely result in a kernel change just to make the DRI
interfaces not be as fragile ) .
We have historically been in a situation where suspend / resume often works ,
but may not be reliable due to interrupt timings , especially if there are
any shared interrupts going on between drivers .
We already had some parts
of the suspend / resume changes in - rc1 , but I hope it 's approaching more
stability now .
[ In the longer run , the changes will also allow us to simplify a lot of
device drivers thanks to the code PCI driver code doing more of it for
us , but that 's a largely independent later cleanup issue . ]
The thing about suspend / resume though is that partly exactly _because _
it 's been very fragile historically ( a driver may have been totally solid
on one machine for example , but flaky on another due to different
interrupt configuration ) , I 'm not going out on much of a limb when I say
that we 'll really need user feedback on any drivers that now do n't
suspend / resume cleanly .
So please , people - especially if you use suspend / resume , we want to hear
about regressions , and will need to know what hardware and drivers you
have active .
Hearing about success stories is obviously always fun , but
it 's the regressions that we really want to track .
Linus
---
Abbas , Mohamed ( 1 ) :
iwlwifi : fix rs_get_rate WARN_ON ( )
Adrian Bunk ( 3 ) :
m68 knommu : set NO_DMA
m68 knommu : remove obsolete and unused eLIA board
m 68 knommu : remove the no longer used PCI support option
Adrian McMenamin ( 1 ) :
dma -coherent : per -device coherent area is in pages , not bytes .
Ajay Kumar Gupta ( 1 ) :
USB : musb free_irq bugfix
Alan Cox ( 1 ) :
USB : cdc-acm :
Add another conexant modem to the quirks
Alan Stern ( 3 ) :
USB : fix toggle mismatch in disable_endpoint paths
USB : do n't enable wakeup by default for PCI host controllers
USB : fix char - device disconnect handling
Alex Williamson ( 1 ) :
virtio_net : Fix MAX_PACKET_LEN to support 802.1Q VLANs
Alex.Cheng@quantatw.com ( 1 ) :
USB : option : add QUANTA HSDPA Data Card device ids
Alexey Dobriyan ( 37 ) :
fs / Kconfig : move reiserfs out
fs / Kconfig : move jfs out
fs / Kconfig : move ocfs2 out
fs / Kconfig : move btrfs out
fs / Kconfig : move autofs , autofs4 out
fs / Kconfig : move fuse out
fs / Kconfig : move iso9660 , udf out
fs / Kconfig : move fat out
fs / Kconfig : move ntfs out
fs / Kconfig : move sysfs out
fs / Kconfig : move configfs out
fs / Kconfig : move adfs out
fs / Kconfig : move affs out
fs / Kconfig : move ecryptfs out
fs / Kconfig : move hfs , hfsplus out
fs / Kconfig : move befs out
fs / Kconfig : move bfs out
fs / Kconfig : move efs out
fs / Kconfig : move cramfs out
fs / Kconfig : move squashfs out
fs / Kconfig : move vxfs out
fs / Kconfig : move minix out
fs / Kconfig : move omfs out
fs / Kconfig : move hpfs out
fs / Kconfig : move qnx4 out
fs / Kconfig : move romfs out
fs / Kconfig : move sysv out
fs / Kconfig : move ufs out
fs / Kconfig : move nfs out
fs / Kconfig : move nfsd out
fs / Kconfig : move sunrpc out
fs / Kconfig : move smbfs out
fs / Kconfig : move the rest of ncpfs out
fs / Kconfig : move coda out
fs / Kconfig : move afs out
fs / Kconfig : move 9 p out
Fix longstanding " error : storage size of ' __mod_dmi_device_table ' is n't known "
Anand Gadiyar ( 1 ) :
ARM : OMAP : Fix DMA CCR programming for request line > 63 , v3
Andi Kleen ( 3 ) :
x86 , generic : mark complex bitops.h inlines as __always_inline
kbuild : print usage with no arguments in scripts / config
x 86 : use early clobbers in usercopy *.c
Andreas Schwab ( 1 ) :
ide : fix IDE PMAC breakage
Andrew Lunn ( 1 ) :
USB : CDC - ACM quirk for MTK GPS
Andrew Morton ( 1 ) :
mlx4_core : Fix min( ) warning
Andrew Vasquez ( 8 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Simplify sector - mask calculation in preparation for larger flash parts .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Ensure RISC - interrupt - enabled consistency for IS_NOPOLLING_TYPE ( ) ISPs .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Always serialize mailbox command execution .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Modify firmware - load order precedence for ISP81XX parts .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct endianness issue during flash manipulation .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct regression in EH abort handling .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct regression in DMA - mask setting prior to allocations .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Update version number to 8.03.00 - k2 .
Andrey Borzenkov ( 1 ) :
orinoco : move kmalloc ( ... , GFP_KERNEL ) outside spinlock in orinoco_ioctl_set_genie
Andrey Yurovsky ( 1 ) :
libertas :
Fix alignment issues in libertas core
Anirban Chakraborty ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Fix memory leak in error path
Anton Vorontsov ( 3 ) :
phylib :
Fix oops in suspend / resume paths
gianfar : Revive VLAN support
USB : Driver for Freescale QUICC Engine USB Host Controller
Artur Skawina ( 1 ) :
p54 : set_tim must be atomic .
Arun KS ( 1 ) :
ARM : OMAP : Fix OSK ASoC by registering I2C board info for tlvaic23
Atsushi Nemoto ( 1 ) :
dmatest : Use custom map / unmap for destination buffer
Ben Greear ( 1 ) :
vlan : Export symbols as non GPL symbols .
Ben Nizette ( 1 ) :
ASoC : atmel_pcm : Remove non-existant header
Brandon Philips ( 1 ) :
USB : usblp.c : add USBLP_QUIRK_BIDIR to Brother HL - 1440
Brian Cavagnolo ( 1 ) :
mac80211 : decrement ref count to netdev after launching mesh discovery
Brian King ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] ibmvfc : Fix DMA mapping leak on memory allocation failure
Brice Goglin ( 1 ) :
myri10ge : do n't forget pci_disable_device ( )
Bryan Wu ( 2 ) :
USB : composite : Fix bug : should test set_alt function pointer before use it
USB : composite : Fix bug : low byte of w_index is the usb interface number not the whole 2 bytes of w_index
Casey Schaufler ( 1 ) :
smackfs load append mode fix
Chr ( 1 ) :
p54 : add missing break in eeprom parser
Christian Borntraeger ( 1 ) :
[ CVE - 2009 - 0029 ] sparc : Enable syscall wrappers for 64 - bit
Christian Eggers ( 1 ) :
usb / mcs7830 : Do n't use buffers from stack for USB transfers
Christian Lamparter ( 6 ) :
p 54 : fix oops caused by bad eeproms
p54 : fix p54_set_key 's return code
mac80211 : fix slot time debug message
p54 : more cryptographic accelerator fixes
p54usb : fix nasty use after free
p54usb : fix packet loss with first generation devices
Christoph Hellwig ( 7 ) :
xfs : fix dentry aliasing issues in open_by_handle
xfs : use mnt_want_write in compat_attrmulti ioctl
xfs : add a separate lock class for the per-mount list of dquots
xfs : lockdep annotations for xfs_dqlock2
xfs : add a lock class for group / project dquots
xfs : fix bad_features 2 fixups for the root filesystem
xfs : sanity check attr fork size
Clemens Ladisch ( 3 ) :
sound : virtuoso : enable UART on Xonar HDAV1.3
sound : virtuoso : add newline
sound : virtuoso : document HDAV1.3 driver status
Cliff Wickman ( 1 ) :
x86 , UV : cpu_relax in uv_wait_completion
Dan Carpenter ( 1 ) :
fuse : fix NULL deref in fuse_file_alloc ( )
Dan Magenheimer ( 1 ) :
xen : actually release memory when shrinking domain
Dan Williams ( 3 ) :
fsldma : use a valid ' device ' for dma_pool_create
dmaengine : kill some dubious WARN_ONCEs
dmaengine : dma_issue_pending_all == nop when CONFIG_DMA_ENGINE=n
Daniele Venzano ( 1 ) :
isdn : Fix missing ifdef in isdn_ppp
Dave Airlie ( 2 ) :
drm : fix leak of device mappings since multi-master changes .
i915 : fix freeing path for gem phys objects .
Dave Chinner ( 1 ) :
Long btree pointers are still 64 bit on disk
David Brownell ( 6 ) :
drivers/ide/palm_bk3710.c buildfix
[ ARM ] 5368/1 : arch/arm/mach-davinci/usb.c buildfix
USB : omap1 ohci buildfix ( otg related )
USB : musb davinci buildfix
USB : musb_hdrc : another davinci buildfix ( otg related )
USB : musb : Kconfig fix
David Daney ( 2 ) :
Make irq_*_affinity depend on CONFIG_GENERIC_HARDIRQS
too .
cpumask fallout : Initialize irq_default_affinity earlier
David S. Miller ( 4 ) :
sparc64 : Initialize FHC / CLOCK LED platform_device ' id ' field correctly .
sparc64 : Annotate sparc64 specific syscalls with SYSCALL_DEFINEx ( )
sparc64 : Fix DAX handling via userspace access from kernel .
Revert " xfrm : For 32/64 compatability wrt. xfrm_usersa_info "
David Teigland ( 1 ) :
dlm : fix plock notify callback to lockd
Dhananjay Phadke ( 2 ) :
netxen : fix vlan tso / checksum offload
netxen : reduce memory footprint
Divy Le Ray ( 1 ) :
cxgb3 : Fix LRO misalignment
Don Skidmore ( 2 ) :
ixgbe : fix dca issue with relaxed ordering turned on
ixgbe : fix tag stripping for VLAN ID 0
Eilon Greenstein ( 22 ) :
bnx2x : Free IRQ
bnx2x : Handling probe failures
bnx2x : Potential race after iSCSI boot
bnx2x : Wrong HDR offset in CAM
bnx2x : Read chip ID
bnx2x : Block nvram access when the device is inactive
bnx2x : Overstepping array bounds
bnx2x : 1G - 10G toggling race
bnx2x : Prevent self test loopback failures
bnx2x : Legacy speeds autoneg failures
bnx2x : Handling PHY FW load failure
bnx2x : Driver description update
bnx2x : Barriers for the compiler
bnx2x : Version update
bnx2x : Reset HW before use
bnx2x : Disable napi
bnx2x : Handling load failures
bnx2x : Carrier off first call
bnx2x : Calling napi_del
bnx2x : Missing rmb when waiting for FW response
bnx2x : loopback test failure
bnx2x : Version
Eric Anholt ( 3 ) :
drm : stash AGP include under the do - we - have - AGP ifdef
x86 : work around PAGE_KERNEL_WC not getting WC in iomap_atomic_prot_pfn .
drm : Rip out the racy , unused vblank signal code .
Eric Paris ( 1 ) :
tty_open can return to userspace holding tty_mutex
Eric Sandeen ( 1 ) :
[ XFS ]
Remove the rest of the macro - to - function indirections .
Gabriel Paubert ( 1 ) :
mv643xx_eth : prevent interrupt storm on ifconfig down
Gary Hade ( 1 ) :
x86 : remove kernel_physical_mapping_init( ) from init section
Gerhard Pircher ( 1 ) :
powerpc / mm : Fix handling of _PAGE_COHERENT in BAT setup code
Grant Erickson ( 1 ) :
powerpc / 4xx : DTS : Add Add'l SDRAM0 Compatible and Interrupt Info
Greg Kroah - Hartman ( 1 ) :
sysfs : fix problems with binary files
Greg Ungerer ( 4 ) :
m68 knommu : fix cache flushing for the 527x Cold Fire processors
m 68 knommu : remove the obsolete and long unused comempci chip support
m68 knommu : fix syscall restarting
uclinux : add process name to allocation error message
Guennadi Liakhovetski ( 3 ) :
dmaengine : add async_tx_clear_ack ( ) macro
i.MX31 : Image Processing Unit DMA and IRQ drivers
i.MX31 : framebuffer driver
H. Peter Anvin ( 2 ) :
x86 : add MSR_IA32_MISC_ENABLE bits to < asm/msr-index .h >
x86 : unmask CPUID levels on Intel CPUs
Harvey Harrison ( 1 ) :
m68 k{nommu} : fixups after the header move
Heiko Carstens ( 4 ) :
[ S390 ] personality : fix personality loss on execve
[ S390 ] cputime : fix lowcore initialization on cpu hotplug
[ S390 ] etr/stp : fix possible deadlock
lcs : fix compilation for !
CONFIG_IP_MULTICAST
Henrik Kretzschmar ( 1 ) :
sound : Remove removed OSS kernel parameters from doc
Herbert Xu ( 6 ) :
crypto : authenc -
Fix zero - length IV crash
net :
Add debug info to track down GSO checksum bug
gro :
Fix handling of complete checksums in IPv6
gro :
Fix error handling on extremely short frags
gro :
Fix merging of paged packets
crypto : blkcipher - Fix WARN_ON handling in walk_done
Hidetoshi Seto ( 1 ) :
PCI / MSI : bugfix / utilize for msi_capability_init ( )
Hin-Tak Leung ( 1 ) :
zd1211rw : adding Sitecom WL - 603 ( 0df6:0036 ) to the USB id list
Huang Weiyi ( 1 ) :
ARM : OMAP : remove duplicated # include's
Hugo Villeneuve ( 1 ) :
USB : musb cppi bugfixes
Ian Campbell ( 2 ) :
xen : handle highmem pages correctly when shrinking a domain
xen : unitialised return value in xenbus_write_transaction
Ihar Hrachyshka ( 1 ) :
MIPS : enable serial UART support on PNX833X devices .
Inaky Perez - Gonzalez ( 3 ) :
wimax / i2400 m : error paths that need to free an skb should use kfree_skb ( )
debugfs : introduce stub for debugfs_create_size_t ( ) when DEBUG_FS=n
USB : add kernel - doc for wusb_dev in struct usb_device
Ingo Molnar ( 5 ) :
x86 , cpufreq : remove leftover copymask_copy ( )
fix : crash : IP : __bitmap_intersects+0x48/0x73
Revert " x86 : signal : change type of paramter for sys_rt_sigreturn ( ) "
x86 : use standard PIT frequency
x86 : unmask CPUID levels on Intel CPUs , fix
Ivo van Doorn ( 1 ) :
rt2x00 : Fix TX rate short preamble detection
J. Bruce Fields ( 3 ) :
nfs : note that CONFIG_SUNRPC_XPRT_RDMA turns on server side support too
nfsd : fix null dereference on error path
nfsd : fix cred leak on every rpc
James A. Treacy ( 1 ) :
USB : cdc-acm : support some gps data loggers
James Lentini ( 1 ) :
update port number in NFS / RDMA documentation
Jan Beulich ( 2 ) :
x86 : avoid early crash in disable_local_APIC ( )
x 86 : fix assumed to be contiguous leaf page tables for kmap_atomic region ( take 2 )
Jan Kara ( 2 ) :
quota : Improve locking
ocfs2 : Remove ocfs2_dquot_initialize ( ) and ocfs2_dquot_drop ( )
Jarek Poplawski ( 1 ) :
net : Fix data corruption when splicing from sockets .
Jarkko Nikula ( 1 ) :
ARM : OMAP : Fix gpio by switching to generic gpio calls , v2
Jarod Wilson ( 1 ) :
crypto : ccm -
Fix handling of null assoc data
Jaswinder Singh Rajput ( 1 ) :
time - sched.c : tick_nohz_update_jiffies should be static
Jean Delvare ( 5 ) :
i2c : Delete 10 unused driver IDs
i2c : Delete many unused adapter IDs
i2 c : Quilt tree has moved
eeprom : More consistent symbol names
i2 c : Warn on deprecated binding model use
Jean - Baptiste Onofre ( 1 ) :
USB : storage : support of Dane - Elec MediaTouch USB device
Jean - Christop PLAGNIOL -VILLARD
( 1 ) :
[ ARM ] 5370/1 : at91 : fix rm9200 watchdog
Jeff Layton ( 2 ) :
dlm : initialize file_lock struct in GETLK before copying conflicting lock
nfsd : only set file_lock .
fl_lmops in nfsd4_lockt if a stateowner is found
Jeff Mahoney ( 1 ) :
x86 : define ARCH_WANT_FRAME_POINTERS
Jesper Nilsson ( 1 ) :
klist .c : bit 0 in pointer can't be used as flag
Jesse Barnes ( 6 ) :
drm : create mode_config idr lock
drm /i915 : remove unnecessary debug output in KMS init
drm /i915 : hook up LVDS DPMS property
drm : do n't whine about not reading EDID data
drm /i915 : Fix cursor physical address choice to match the 2D driver .
networking : document " nc " in addition to " netcat " in netconsole.
txt
Jesse Brandeburg ( 1 ) :
e1000e : workaround hw errata
Jiri Slaby ( 3 ) :
relay : fix lock imbalance in relay_late_setup_files
PCI hotplug : fix lock imbalance in pciehp
NET : net_namespace , fix lock imbalance
Joe Carnuccio ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct descriptions in flash manipulation routines .
John Adamson ( 1 ) :
m68 knommu : fix Cold Fire 5272 serial baud rates in mcf.c
JosephChan@via.com.tw ( 1 ) :
[ libata ] pata_via : support VX855 , future chips whose IDE controller use 0x0571
Josh Boyer ( 4 ) :
powerpc /40x : Update PowerPC 40 x defconfigs
powerpc / 44x : Update PowerPC 44 x defconfigs
powerpc / 4xx : Update multi-board PowerPC 4xx defconfigs
powerpc : Remove arch / ppc cruft from Kconfig
Jouni Malinen ( 2 ) :
ath9 k : Fix an operator typo in phy rate validation
ath9 k : Fix an operator typo in REG_DOMAIN_2GHZ_MASK
Julia Lawall ( 2 ) :
arch / sh/ mm : Move a dereference below a NULL test
USB : musb uses endpoint functions
Kalle Valo ( 1 ) :
USB : musb : tusb6010 buildfix
Kay Sievers ( 1 ) :
PNP : fix broken pnp lowercasing for acpi module aliases
Krzysztof Hałasa ( 1 ) :
net : Fix linux / if_frad.h's suitability for userspace .
Kumar Gala ( 7 ) :
powerpc /85xx : Fix typo in mpc8572ds dts
powerpc /85xx : Update defconfigs
powerpc /83xx : Update defconfigs
powerpc / 86xx : Update defconfigs
powerpc / 8xx : Update defconfigs
powerpc/embedded6xx : Update defconfigs
dmi : Fix build breakage
Kuninori Morimoto ( 3 ) :
sh : mach - migor : Add ov772 x support .
sh : mach - migor : Delete soc_camera_platform setup .
sh : mach - migor : Add tw9910 support .
Lai Jiangshan ( 2 ) :
rcu : add __cpuinit to rcu_init_percpu_data ()
rcu : remove duplicate CONFIG_RCU_CPU_STALL_DETECTOR
Lalit Chandivade ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct MSI - X vector allocation for single queue mode .
Larry Finger ( 1 ) :
rtl8187 : Add termination packet to prevent stall
Lennert Buytenhek ( 2 ) :
Revert " mv643xx_eth : use longer DMA bursts " .
mv643xx_eth : fix multicast filter programming
Leonardo Potenza ( 1 ) :
x86 : fix section mismatch warnings in kernel / setup_percpu.c
Li Yang ( 1 ) :
powerpc /mpc8313erdb : fix kernel panic because mdio device is not probed
Linus Torvalds ( 3 ) :
Fix annoying DRM_ERROR ( ) string warning
Fix " multiple definition of ` debugfs_create_size_t ' "
Linux 2.6.29-rc3
Luis R. Rodriguez ( 3 ) :
cfg80211 : make handle_band ( ) and handle_channel ( ) wiphy specific
cfg80211 : Fix regression with 11d on bands
cfg80211 : Fix parsed country IE info for 5 GHz
Luke Yelavich ( 1 ) :
ALSA : hda - add quirks for some 82801H variants to use ALC883_MITAC
Madhusudhan Chikkature ( 1 ) :
[ ARM ] 5369 / 1 : omap mmc :
Add new omap hsmmc controller for 2430 and 34xx , v3
Magnus Damm ( 4 ) :
sh : ap325rxa MMC support using spi_gpio and mmc_spi
sh : Migo -R MMC support using spi_gpio and mmc_spi .
sh : export the sh7343 JPU to user space
sh : fix sh - sci / early printk build on sh7723
Mandeep Singh Baines ( 1 ) :
softlock : fix false panic which can occur if softlockup_thresh is reduced
Marcel Sebek ( 1 ) :
USB : ' option ' driver - onda device MT503HS has wrong id
Mark Lord ( 5 ) :
sata_mv : fix 8 - port timeouts on 508x / 6081 chips
sata_mv : do n't read hc_irq_cause
sata_mv : remove bogus nsect restriction
sata_mv : msi masking fix ( v2 )
sata_mv : no longer experimental ( v2 )
Matt Carlson ( 1 ) :
tg3 : Fix firmware loading
Matt Helsley ( 1 ) :
net : Move config NET_NS to from net / Kconfig to init / Kconfig
Matt Waddel ( 3 ) :
m68 knommu : add ColdFire M532 x to the FEC configuration options
m68 knommu : correct the mii calculations for 532x Cold Fire FEC
m68 knommu : fix 5329 Cold
Fire periphal addressing
Matthew Ranostay ( 4 ) :
ALSA : hda : fix invalid power mapping masks
ALSA : hda : 83 x xx port 0xe DAC selection
ALSA : hda : revert change to 92hd83xxx power mapping
ALSA : hda : Add STAC92HD83XXX_PWR_REF
quirk
Mhayk Whandson ( 1 ) :
USB : ftdi_sio driver support of bar code scanner from Diebold
Michael Bramer ( 1 ) :
Add support for ' 8 - port RS - 232 MIC - 3620 from advantech '
Michael Holzheu ( 2 ) :
[ S390 ] fix compat sigaltstack syscall table entry
[ S390 ]
Add missing compat system call wrappers .
Michael Schmitz ( 1 ) :
ide : fix Falcon IDE breakage
Mike Christie ( 2 ) :
[ SCSI ] libiscsi : fix iscsi pool leak
[ SCSI ] qla4xxx : do not reuse session when connecting to different target port
Mike Frysinger ( 1 ) :
asm-sh/posix_types_{32,64}.h : drop __GLIBC__/__USE_ALL
usage
Mike Travis ( 3 ) :
rcu : move Kconfig menu
x86 : put trigger in to detect mismatched apic versions
cpufreq : use work_on_cpu in acpi-cpufreq.c for drv_read and drv_write
Miklos Szeredi ( 4 ) :
fuse : fix missing fput on error
fuse : fuse_fill_super error handling cleanup
fuse : destroy bdi on umount
fuse : fix poll notify
Oliver Neukum ( 2 ) :
USB : storage : add unusual devs entry
USB : new id for ti_usb_3410_5052 driver
Patrick McHardy ( 1 ) :
netfilter : ctnetlink : fix scheduling while atomic
Paul Mundt ( 8 ) :
sh : Drop the BKL from sys_execve ( ) on SH - 5 .
sh : mach - x3 proto : needs linux / irq.h .
sh : sh7785 lcr / highlander /hp6xx need linux / irq.h .
sh : Kill off obsolete busses from arch / sh / Kconfig .
serial : sh- sci : Fix up SH7720 / SH7721 SCI build .
sh : update defconfigs .
nommu : Stub in vm_map_ram () /vm_unmap_ram()/vm_unmap_aliases ( ) .
dma-coherent : Restore dma_alloc_from_coherent ( ) large alloc fall back policy .
Pavel Roskin ( 2 ) :
dell_rbu : use scnprintf ( ) instead of less secure sprintf ( )
orinoco : use KERN_DEBUG for link status messages
Pete Zaitcev ( 1 ) :
USB : usbmon : Implement compat_ioctl
Peter Korsgaard ( 2 ) :
fsldma : check for NO_IRQ in fsl_dma_chan_remove ( )
fsldma : print correct IRQ on mpc83xx
Peter P Waskiewicz Jr ( 1 ) :
ixgbe : Fix usage of netif_*_all_queues ( ) with netif_carrier_{off|on} ( )
Peter Ujfalusi ( 1 ) :
ASoC : Add missing comma to SND_SOC_DAPM_SWITCH_E in soc-dapm.h
Peter Zijlstra ( 4 ) :
itimers : remove the per-cpu-ish - ness
locking , hpet : annotate false positive warning
hrtimers : fix inconsistent lock state on resume in hres_timers_resume
x86 , mm : fix pte_free ( )
Phil Dibowitz ( 3 ) :
USB : Remove ZTE modem from unusual_devices
USB : unusual_dev : usb - storage needs to ignore a device
USB : storage :
Add another unusual_dev for off - by - one bug
Phil Sutter ( 4 ) :
korina : fix loop back of receive descriptors
korina : adjust headroom for new skb's also
korina : drop leftover assignment
pata - rb532 - cf : remove set_irq_type from finish_io
Philipp Zabel ( 1 ) :
power_supply : pda_power : Do n't request shared IRQs w/ IRQF_DISABLED
Rafael J. Wysocki ( 8 ) :
PCI PM : Restore standard config registers of all devices early
Hibernation : Introduce system_entering_hibernation
DMI : Introduce dmi_first_match to make the interface more flexible
SATA : Blacklisting of systems that spin off disks during ACPI power off
SATA AHCI : Blacklist system that spins off disks during ACPI power off
SATA Sil : Blacklist system that spins off disks during ACPI power off
SATA PIIX : Blacklist system that spins off disks during ACPI power off
USB : Fix suspend - resume of PCI USB controllers
Rakib Mullick ( 1 ) :
x86 : fix section mismatch warning
Ramax Lo ( 1 ) :
[ ARM ] 5365/1 : s3 cmci :
Use new include path of dma .h
Rami Rosen ( 1 ) :
rt2x00 : fix a wrong parameter for __test_and_clear_bit( ) in rt2x00rfkill_free ( ) .
Randy Dunlap ( 2 ) :
kbuild : fix kbuild .
txt typos
mac80211 : more kernel - doc fixes
Reinette Chatre ( 1 ) :
iwlwifi : return NETDEV_TX_OK from _tx ops
Richard Röjfors ( 1 ) :
macb : avoid lockup when TGO during underrun
Robert Jennings ( 1 ) :
powerpc / pseries : Correct VIO bus accounting problem in CMO env .
Robert Richter ( 1 ) :
oprofile : fix uninitialized use of struct op_entry
Robie Basak ( 1 ) :
USB : ftdi_sio : added Alti-2 VID and Neptune 3 PID
Roel Kluin ( 2 ) :
net /9 p : fid-> fid is used uninitialized
USB : GADGET : fix !x & y
Roland Dreier ( 4 ) :
IPoIB : Fix hang in napi_disable ( ) if P_Key is never found
IPoIB : Fix deadlock between ipoib_open ( ) and child interface create
IB / mlx4 : Fix memory ordering problem when posting LSO sends
driver core : Convert '/' to '!' in dev_set_name ( )
Russell King ( 6 ) :
[ ARM ] omap : ensure OMAP drivers pass a struct device to clk_get ( )
[ ARM ] fix StrongARM - 11x0 page copy implementation
[ ARM ] clkdev : fix clock matching
[ ARM ] omap : watchdog : allow OMAP watchdog driver on OMAP34xx platforms
[ ARM ] omap : usb : thou shalt not provide empty release functions
[ ARM ] fix section - based ioremap
Rusty Russell ( 2 ) :
work_on_cpu : do n't try to get_online_cpus ( ) in work_on_cpu .
work_on_cpu : Use our own workqueue .
SUGIOKA Toshinobu ( 1 ) :
sh : fix unaligned and nonexistent address handling
Sam Ravnborg ( 4 ) :
Revert " kbuild : strip generated symbols from *.ko "
m68k,m68 knommu : merge header files
sparc64 : fix readout of cpu / fpu type
sparc64 : fix modpost failure
Sean MacLennan ( 1 ) :
powerpc / 44x : Warp patches for the new NDFC driver
Sebastian Siewior ( 1 ) :
m 68 knommu : use one exist from execption
Seokmann Ju ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Add checks for a valid fcport in dev-loss - tmo / terminate_rport_io callbacks .
Stephen Rothwell ( 4 ) :
IB / ehca : Fix printk format warnings from u64 type change
IB / ehca : Use consistent types for ehca_plpar_hcall9 ( )
powerpc : Printing fix for l64 to ll64 conversion : phyp_dump.c
powerpc :
More printing warning fixes for the l64 to ll64 conversion
Steve Glendinning ( 5 ) :
sh : convert ap325 rxa platform to use smsc911x .
sh : convert magicpanelr2 platform to use smsc911x .
sh : convert rsk7203 to use smsc911x .
usbnet : allow type check of devdbg arguments in non-debug build
phy :
Add suspend / resume support to SMSC PHYs
Steven Noonan ( 1 ) :
kernel / fork.c : unused variable 'ret '
Suresh Siddha ( 3 ) :
x86 , pat : fix reserve_memtype( ) for legacy 1MB range
x86 : fix page attribute corruption with cpa ( )
x86 : fix PTE corruption issue while mapping RAM using / dev/mem
Swaminathan S ( 1 ) :
USB : musb cppi dma fix
Takashi Iwai ( 2 ) :
ALSA : hda -
Fix ( yet more ) STAC925x issues
ALSA : hda -
Add model entry for HP dv4
Tejun Heo ( 4 ) :
libata - sff : fix incorrect EH message
libata : set NODEV_HINT for 0x7f status
sata_nv : rename nv_nf2_hardreset ( )
sata_nv : fix MCP5 x reset
Thomas Gleixner ( 1 ) :
debugobjects : add and use INIT_WORK_ON_STACK
Thomas Reitmayr ( 1 ) :
sata_mv : Properly initialize main irq mask
Thomas Renninger ( 1 ) :
x86 : mtrr fix debug boot parameter
Timo Teras ( 1 ) :
af_key : initialize xfrm encap_oa
Timur Tabi ( 1 ) :
ASoC : fix registration of the SoC card in the Freescale MPC8610 drivers
Tomasz K ( 1 ) :
USB : cp2101 device
Tony Lindgren ( 7 ) :
ARM : OMAP : Fix compile for various McBSP
ARM : OMAP : Fix compile for palmte
ARM : OMAP : Fix compile for beagle
ARM : OMAP : Fix gpio.c compile on 15 xx with CONFIG_DEBUGFS
ARM : OMAP : Fix ASoC by enabling writes to XCCR and RCCR McBSP registers , v3
ARM : OMAP : Remove unused platform devices , v3
ARM : OMAP : Fix compile for h3 MMC
Uwe Kleine - König ( 3 ) :
move wm8400 - regulator 's probe function to .devinit.text
[ NET ] am79c961a : fix spin_lock usage
Move jsm_remove_one to .devexit.text
Vegard Nossum ( 2 ) :
security : introduce missing kfree
inotify : clean up inotify_read and fix locking problems
Vlad Yasevich ( 4 ) :
sctp : Fix crc32c calculations on big-endian arhes .
sctp : Correctly start rtx timer on new packet transmissions .
sctp : Properly timestamp outgoing data chunks for rtx purposes
sctp :
Fix another socket race during accept / peeloff
Vladislav Zolotarov ( 1 ) :
bnx2x : tx_has_work should not wait for FW
Wolfgang Glas ( 1 ) :
USB : cp2101 : add fasttrax GPS evaluation kit vendor / product ID
Wolfram Sang ( 4 ) :
i2 c : Move at 24 to drivers / misc / eeprom
i2 c : Move old eeprom driver to / drivers / misc / eeprom
spi : Move at25 ( for SPI eeproms ) to / drivers / misc / eeprom
eeprom : Move 93cx6 eeprom driver to / drivers / misc / eeprom
Yossi Etigin ( 1 ) :
IPoIB : Do not print error messages for multicast join retries
Yuri Tikhonov ( 1 ) :
dmaengine : fix dependency chaining
Zhu Yi ( 1 ) :
iwlwifi : remove CMD_WANT_SKB flag if send_cmd_sync failure
roel kluin ( 1 ) :
via-velocity : fix hot spin
sware ( 1 ) :
USB : remove vernier labpro from ldusb
--
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
Wonderful violet
Vincent Fournier photos
Honoring the softness of wool
wool wash
Bea Camacho
plaid and bathrobe mix
3 - in - 1 Softie Wrap is bathrobe
wrap
blanket
Slanket
clothes
Lucy and Lucy
Hug Me
stuff showed on the first picture unlikely exists only in one example .
The picture by itself is a poster made by TBWA agency on the base of .
Their corporate slogan is " " .
It seems like the product is some kind of chemical stuff for .
But this is not important because having a wish you can knit it by yourself .
There is one more product from the same batch .
But it is designed for watching TV :
And this delightful red kell can't be bought in any shop : knitted it in the gallery right on viewer 's eyes and the result of performance was absolutely magic .
But you can buy this kind of Expanded variant namedand Thesack can be worn outside :
And this is something cosmic – the universalof " " brand named
Labels : underwear , women
Patrick McGoohan , the creator and star of cult classic The Prisoner , has died aged 80 , it was confirmed today .
He died yesterday after a short illness , his son - in - law film producer Cleve Landsberg told the Associated Press in Los Angeles .
McGoohan played the title character Six in the surreal 1960s show filmed in Portmeirion in Wales .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He also won two Emmy Awards for his work on the Peter Falk detective drama Columbo .
In more recent years he appeared as King Edward Longshanks in the 1995 Mel Gibson film Braveheart .
A pilot project testing high - speed Internet access on portions of BART will expand systemwide , allowing people to surf the Web , send e-mail and videoconference when riding the rails or waiting in the stations .
The goal is to outfit the 104 miles of track and the 43 stations by the end of 2011 , said Cooper Lee , CEO of Wi-Fi Rail Inc. , the startup company based in Gold River ( Sacramento County ) that will provide the communications system .
The 20 - year deal was announced Friday .
The company began a limited experiment with the system about a year ago that involves the underground downtown San Francisco stations and a short stretch of open - air track in Hayward .
Service has been free during the demonstration project in which more than 16,000 users signed on .
The company reported seamless service between the stations , even as the trains ran at high speeds .
The company will start charging for use when it completes the next phase of the project , which will include the Transbay Tube and all the subway stations in San Francisco and downtown Oakland , said Lee .
Once fully complete , subscribers will be charged about $ 30 a month , $ 9 a day , $ 6 for two hours and $ 300 for a year 's subscription , Lee said .
The service will be offered at reduced rates until the entire system is up and running .
BART riders in the future will be able take advantage of free Internet access - but with a catch .
Access will be cut off after 3 1/2 minutes and the users will have to endure 30 seconds of ads before being able to surf the Internet .
Unlike other transit system Wi-Fi projects that rely on satellite or cellular service to operate , the BART model uses fiber - optic equipment that has the capability of handling heavier loads at faster speeds .
Lee described the system as the first of its kind in the world .
The company hopes to showcase BART as it pursues other markets .
" This is a unique opportunity to demonstrate what high - speed Wi-Fi access , interconnected by a huge fiber - optic backbone , can mean to a transit system and its passengers , " Lee said .
BART spokesman Linton Johnson said the system will not only provide a convenience for riders , but also can be used as a backup to the agency 's radio system .
In addition , BART can tap into the technology to one day provide information to the public via video monitors in the stations and on the trains .
Thomas Hawk , a BART regular , tried the service during the pilot phase .
" When I could get connected , I liked it , " he said .
But the limited range available during the demonstration and the time it took to log on was more of a hassle than it was worth , he said .
And while he likes the idea of Wi-Fi on the train , " I would n't be willing to pay for the service if it was systemwide .
As cool of a thing as it is , I 've got other things I could do with my laptop , like process photos , that do n't cost me anything . "
Lisa Rein , a digital librarian , has used the Wi-Fi connection during the trial period and liked it .
When told of the proposed cost , her first reaction was , " That 's a lot of money . "
But , she said , for people who spend a lot of time on the trains , the service could be " really helpful and help reduce work stress . "
Neither BART nor Wi -Fi Rail representatives would provide details of the contract Friday .
Johnson and Lee , however , said the company would pick up the construction and operating costs .
Lee said it was crafted to give BART a share in the expected revenues .
Later in the week sceptics were struck by an admission from Professor William Schlesinger , a lead author for the IPCC .
Since one of the enduring myths of our time is that the case for global warming is supported by " the world 's top 2,500 climate scientists " on the IPCC , Schlesinger was asked in a public debate how many of its contributors are in fact climate experts .
The best he could come up with was that " something on the order of 20 per cent have had some dealing with climate " .
( This will not of course stop the BBC calling any old evolutionary biologist or economist who supports its views a " leading climate scientist " ) .
Some whales show damage suggesting they surfaced too quickly , experts say
Increasing noise pollution in the world 's oceans is threatening the survival of whales and dolphins , a UN - backed conference has heard .
Experts say the noises sea creatures use to communicate are being drowned out by noises from commercial shipping , new military sonar and climate change .
They become disoriented , cannot find mates or food and behave differently , scientists say .
Suggestions to cut noise include installing quieter engines .
The Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals , which representatives from 100 countries are attending , is considering issuing a resolution that would oblige countries to reduce sound pollution .
' Cocktail party '
Other suggested measures include re-routing shipping , cutting speed and banning tests and sonar use in the habitats of endangered animals .
Describing the increasing noise in oceans , Mark Simmonds from the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society said : " Call it a cocktail - party effect : you have to speak louder and louder until no - one can hear each other anymore . "
He said there were a growing number of cases where the stranding of whales and dolphin could be linked to sound pollution .
In some cases , the mammals had tissue damage similar to divers who surface too quickly , leading scientists to suggest that they were scared by military sonar or seismic testing , and surfaced beyond their physical limits , he added .
Other research suggests that rising levels of carbon dioxide are increasing the acidity of the Earth 's oceans , making sound travel further through sea water .
The name Ayyappa evokes many things - the bare chested devotees chanting the bhajans of Ayyappa , going on pilgrimage to Sabarimale and many others of its kind .
Now that the frenzy of the season is over , it is for us to take a rational look at the phenomena associated with it .
From some angles the Ayyappa rituals look good - abstinence from all intoxicants , egalitarian rites like common meals , cold water baths , secular nature of the initiation etc .
But along with it are deep rooted prejudices like barring women of the reproductive age group and the many superstitions associated with the observance of the rituals .
The guru swamis are also claimants of supernatural powers particularly with respect to fire and heat .
About a decade ago , a school boy in a village near Chitradurga started acting funny as if he was possessed by some spirit .
The teacher was unable to control the boy who claimed that he was possessed by the spirit of Ayyappa .
Totally at a loss to take any further action , the teacher brought this matter to the attention of the school correspondent .
The latter summoned the boy put camphor on his palm and lit it .
His logic was that if the boy was really possessed the camphor would not burn his skin .
But , alas it did !
It was immediately taken as irrefutable evidence that the boy was faking the possession part .
It was the argument of the correspondent that if the boy was really possessed by Ayyappa , the god would have protected his skin from burning .
The boy had to be hospitalized with severe burns and the correspondent ended up in police custody as the boy ’s father lodged a complaint for causing injuries to his son !
Well , Ayyappa and camphor have a very close relationship .
The swamis going on tour to Sabarimalai perform arati with camphor on their palms to show their devotion and the power of their god .
On the 14th of January the makara vilakku or the divine flame is seen from a hill opposite Sabarimalai called Ponnambala Medu .
This is claimed to be a flame lit by gods residing there as a tribute to Ayyappa .
Though this was exposed by the activists of Kerala Yuktiwadi Sangham nearly 3 decades back , the gullible still believe the story .
The reality is that the flame is from a vessel full of camphor lit by the employees of the Kerala State Electricity board on that day .
Despite of all the exposures the gullible still believe the cock and bull story .
The last nail in the coffin was when one of the top officials of the temple admitted that the so called miracle was a man made phenomenon .
After that the reportage has been subdued .
The Kerala government .
regardless of which combination be in the ruling has supported this activity in the guise of the Ayyappa festival being a tourist attraction and an industry worth billions of rupees .
It is not that Ayyappa has close relationship with camphor related burning .
He seems to have the power to guard against all types of fire .
The swamis on the way to sabarimalai routinely do many things to show their immunity to fire .
One would be fire walking or rather walking on embers .
This is an activity which is said to be due to the power of Ayyappa to cool fire .
But , this is actually due to the short time taken for one to walk across the embers , the Liedenfrost effect causing an insulating layer between the skin and the fire and the well prepared embers .
We , rationalists perform fire walking quite regularly to show that no divine powers are needed for that .
That has been done by children as young as eight or nine , women and in fact people of all ages .
However , this so called miracle of fire walking is not the monopoly of any religion or cult .
Muslims perform it during Moharram , some tribes do that in Papua New Guinea , some of the so called ‘ self improvement ’ courses promise that at the end of the training one can get immunity from fire .
I was told by quite a few friends from Europe that I could mint money by making people walk on fire !
Till date there have been no serious injuries reported by thousands who have done that in our programs .
Another feat of the Ayyappa devotees is to keep fire on the head and prepare tea with that .
The trick lies behind the towel kept on the head of the performer .
Either it is a wet thick towel or a thin one which contains a lump of wet dough .
This offers protection from the heat for the time duration needed to brew tea .
That is no miracle at all and any one with capacity to stand the heat for a short time can do that .
The Ayyappa miracle that hit the headlines most recently was that of dunking a baby into “ boiling oil ” .
This photograph as well as the video footage was given wide publicity by the media of Karnataka .
It showed a baby being dipped into a cauldron of apparently boiling oil .
That was being done by a Guru swami of the Ayyappa cult .
It was claimed as a proof for many things from the power of Ayyappa to existence of God .
This stirred the print media of Karnataka into frenzy and I got calls from many news papers asking my opinion of the same .
I explained that the oil was only apparently boiling and how the juice of several lemons could be added to oil in a frying pan and heated from below .
The liquids of different specific gravities would cause two layers and when heated the convection currents would make it appear that the liquid was boiling when the temperature of the top layer of oil would not be more than a comfortable 40 º C for quite some time .
More than anything it was the fear that though what was being shown was a trick , some gullible devotee having the confidence in his faith may actually heat oil and dip a baby into that and end up burning the baby ’s feet .
That has prompted me into action and the press supported us by publishing the statement in the front pages .
After a couple of days , I came to know that the practice had been stopped .
Actually when I got the phone call on the 4th January , I was in a meeting at Dalith village in Andhra Pradesh and in this village we were demonstrating another Ayyappa miracle .
That was removing fried things from oil with bare hands .
Not only that we were doing it , we were also encouraging the audience to try it out and many of them were doing it .
That was the demolition of yet another Ayyappa myth that only those who were following the prescribed rituals could have the power of removing fried things from hot oil without burning their hands due to the immunity conferred by their devotion .
We were demonstrating that how one could surreptitiously dip the hand into a container of cold oil kept out of sight and then remove things from hot oil .
This feat was done by women and some teenagers too .
This has a perfectly normal scientific explanation that the cold oil on the hands prevents the hot oil from sticking for the short time needed to remove things from it .
When one dips hands into hot oil , it is not the immediate heat that matters , but the hot oil sticking to the skin that caused the burns .
If that could be blocked by the cold oil already on the skin , the miracle of removing fried things from oil could be done by any one !
This so called miracle is not exclusive to the Ayyappa devotees .
Quite a few places have it including some temples in Uttara Kannada district .
In Gujarat we are told that there is a roadside restaurant in which fried things are removed by hand and the customer is charged extra for the ‘ hand ’ removed stuff !
In Kannada there is a saying - jana marulo jathre marulo– which when loosely translated means we cannot say whether the people are crazy or the gathering , but such miracle mongering goes on in one name or the other , particularly in gatherings of the devotees .
One only fears the consequences of such could cause permanent injuries to innocent people put to the test or experimented upon .
If one were to stand on embers or dip their hands into really boiling oil believing that Ayyappa could protect them it could cause severe injuries and no power in the world could save them .
It is such fanatic devotion that is the most dangerous .
Look up at the sky Monday night to see a bright cosmic frown .
The planets Jupiter and Venus will briefly align to form ( nearly upside down ) two eyes and a frowning mouth in the southwest .
In what 's called a planetary conjunction , the two planets — the brightest in the night sky — will appear extremely close , separated by only the width of a finger held at arm 's length .
They wo n't be this close together and well - placed for evening viewing again until May 2013 .
In fact , some astronomers think a similar alignment of the planets on June 17 in the year 2 BC is behind biblical accounts of the Star of
Bethlehem present during Christ 's birth .
The bright planets would have appeared so close together they could have been taken as a single shining star .
Though the three celestial objects will appear to be close together Monday night , they lie at drastically different distances from Earth .
While the moon is only 252,000 miles away , Venus is 370 times farther away , at 94
million miles .
And distant Jupiter lies nearly six times farther away than
Venus , at around 540 million miles .
The tables are turned when we think about the heavenly objects ' relative size .
While the moon appears as the largest of the three , it is really a tiny speck in space compared to the vast bulk of Venus , which is again dwarfed by Jupiter , the largest planet in the solar system .
Jupiter 's diameter is 40 times that of the moon .
Though Jupiter is much larger than Venus , it appears dimmer to us , because the latter planet is so much closer to Earth .
Plus , Jupiter is much farther away from the sun than Venus , so the light bouncing off it is much less intense than the light bouncing off
Venus , which has n't had to travel so far .
See Also :
Image : Sky and Telescope
Harris County prosecutors Monday charged a known sex offender in the 2002 attack on an 8 - year - old boy , for which an innocent man spent six years in prison until DNA evidence cleared his name .
Andrew Wayne Hawthorne , 55 , faces one charge of aggravated sexual assault of a child , Harris County District Attorney Pat Lykos confirmed .
Hawthorne is expected to be brought to Houston from the Amarillo prison where he is serving a 60 - year sentence for three other , strikingly similar , attacks on young boys .
Hawthorne committed each of those sexual assaults while Ricardo Rachell sat in prison wrongfully convicted of the October 2002 crime .
Lykos said her office will report on the factors that led to Rachell ’s wrongful conviction and is “ committed to presenting the unvarnished truth — all of it — regarding the circumstances of Mr. Rachell ’s imprisonment . ”
Hawthorne was arrested in 2003 after DNA evidence linked him to a different attack .
But neither police nor prosecutors suspected him in the crime for which they pursued Rachell until last year , when the DNA evidence that cleared Rachell matched Hawthorne ’s profile in a DNA database .
Rachell , convicted largely on the testimony of the 8 - year - old victim and one of his friends , maintained his innocence from the start .
He pleaded with his trial attorneys and others to look into the fact that similar attacks on young boys continued in his neighborhood even after his arrest .
No one listened .
Felt like ‘ a scapegoat ’
“ It made me feel like somebody else who committed the crime was getting away with it … like I was a scapegoat , ” Rachell said Monday at the University of Houston Law Center , where he spoke to about 50 students interested in his case .
Rachell , 51 , has spent the days since his release living with his stepfather , reconnecting with family and contemplating surgery to reconstruct his face , which was disfigured years ago by a shotgun blast .
Rachell plans to apply for a pardon , which , if granted , would make him eligible for some $ 300,000 in compensation from the state .
No one has been able to explain why the biological evidence that proved Rachell ’s innocence was not tested earlier .
Rachell ’s first defense attorney , Ron Hayes , has insisted that he never knew a rape kit was collected .
Police records , which prosecutors released to the Houston Chronicle under public information laws , show that one day after the attack , a Houston Police Department officer noted collecting the victim ’s clothes and other samples and requesting the HPD crime lab perform tests .
Interviews conducted by the Chronicle found that three different assistant district attorneys handled the case against Rachell in the seven months between his arrest and trial .
The case has prompted changes in prosecutors ’ procedures for deciding when to seek DNA testing .
Assistant District Attorney Roe Wilson said : “ Our office is taking steps to ensure that would not happen again . ”
roma.khanna@chron.com
From : Erik Naggum < e...@naggum.no >
Newsgroups : comp.lang.lisp
Subject : Re : S-exp vs XML , HTML , LaTeX ( was :
Why lisp is growing ) Date : 28 Dec 2002 03:08:55 +0000 Organization : Naggum Software , Oslo , Norway Message -ID : <3250033735497397@naggum.no >
NNTP - Posting - Date : 28 Dec 2002 03:08:55 GMT
User - Agent : Gnus /5.09 ( Gnus v5.9.0 ) Emacs / 21.2 * thelif...@gmx.net ( thelifter ) | I do n't understand your criticism of XML .
I sometimes regret that human memory is such a great tool for one 's personal life that coming to rely on the wider context it provides in one 's communication with others is so fragile .
I have explained this dozens of times , but I guess each repetition adds something .
|
Basically XML is just another way of writing S - expr or Trees or | whatever you want to call it .
They are not identical .
The aspects you are willing to ignore are more important than the aspects you are willing to accept .
Robbery is not just another way of making a living , rape is not just another way of satisfying basic human needs , torture is not just another way of interrogation .
And XML is not just another way of writing S - exps .
There are some things in life that you do not do if you want to be a moral being and feel proud of what you have accomplished .
SGML was a major improvement on the markup languages that preceded it ( including GML ) , which helped create better publishing systems and helped people think about information in much improved ways , but when the zealots forgot the publishing heritage and took the notion that information can be separated from presentation out of the world of publishing into general data representation because SGML had had some success in " database publishing " , something went awry , not only superficially , but fundamentally .
It is not unlike when a baby , whose mother satisfies its every need before it is even aware that it has been expressed , grows up to believe that the world in general is both influenced by and obliged to satisfy its whims .
Even though nobody in their right mind would argue that babies should fend for themselves and earn their own living , at some point in the child 's life , it must begin a progression towards independence , which is not merely a quantitative difference from having every need satisfied by crying , but a qualitative difference of enormous consequence .
Many an idea or concept not only looks , but /is / good in its infancy , yet turns destructive later in life .
Scaling and maturation are not the obvious processes they appear to be because they take so much time that the accumulated effort is easy to overlook .
To be successful , they must also be very carefully guided by people who can envision the end result , but that makes it appear to many as if it merely " happens " .
Take a good idea out of its infancy , let it age without guidance so it does not mature , and it generally goes bad .
If GML was an infant , SGML is the bright youngster far exceeds expectations and made its parents too proud , but XML is the drug - addicted gang member who had committed his first murder before he had sex , which was rape .
SGML is a good idea when the markup overhead is less than 2 % .
Even attributes is a good idea when the textual element contents is the " real meat " of the document and attributes only aid processing , so that the printed version of a fully marked - up document has the same characters as the document sans tags .
Explicit end - tags is a good idea when the distance between start - and end - tag is more than the 20 - line terminal the document is typed on .
Minimization is a good idea in an already sparsely tagged document , both because tags are hard to keep track of and because clusters of tags are so intrusive .
Character entities is a good idea when your entire character set is EBCDIC or ASCII .
Validating the input prior to processing is a good idea when processing would take minutes , if not hours , and consume costly resources , only to abend .
SGML had an important potential in its ability to let the information survive changes in processing equipment or software where its predecessors clearly failed .
But , to continue the baby metaphor , you have to go into fetishism to keep using diapers as you age but fail to mature .
( I note in passing that the stereotypical American male longs for much larger than natural female breasts , presumably to maintain the proportion to his own size from his infancy , which has caused the stereotypical American female to feel a need for breasts that will give the next generation a demand for even more disproportionally large breasts . )
When the markup overhead exceeds 200 % , when attributes values and element contents compete for the information , when the distance between 99 % of the " tags " is / zero / , when the character set is Unicode , and when validation takes more time than processing , not to mention the sorry fact that information longevity is more / threatened / by XML than by any other data representation in the history of computing , then SGML has gone from good kid , via bad teenager , to malfunctioning , evil adult as XML .
SGML was in many ways smarter than necessary at the time it was a bright idea , it was evidence of too much intelligence applied to the problems it solved .
A problem mankind has not often had to deal with is that of excessive intelligence ; more often than not , technological solutions are barely intelligent enough to solve the problem at hand .
If a solution is much smarter than the problem and really stupid people notice it , they believe they have got their hands on something / great / , and so they destroy it , not unlike how giving stupid people too much power can threaten world peace and unravel legal concepts like due process and presumption of innocence .
I once believed that it would be very beneficial for our long - term information needs to adorn the text with as much meta- information as possible .
I still believe that the world would be far better off if it had evolved standardized syntactic notations for time , location , proper names , language , etc , and that even prose text would be written in such a way that precision in these matters would not be sacrificed , but most people are so obsessively concerned with their immediate personal needs that anything that could be beneficial on a much larger scale have no chance of surviving .
Look at the United States of America , with its depressingly moronic units instead of going metric , with its inability to write dates in either ascending or descending order of unit size , and with its insistence upon the 12 - hour clock , clearly evidencing the importance of the short - term pain threshold and resistance to doing anyone else 's bidding .
And now the one - time freest nation of the world has turned dictatorship with a dangerous moron in charge , set to attack Iraq to revenge his father 's loss .
Those who laughed when I said that stupidity is the worst threat to mankind laugh no more ; they wait with bated breath to see if the world 's most powerful incoherent moron will launch the world into a world war simply because he is too fucking stupid .
But what really pisses me off is the spineless American people who fails to stop this madness .
Presidents have been shot and killed before .
I seem to be digressing -- the focal point is that the masses , those who exert no effort to better themselves , cannot be expected to help solve any problems larger than their own , and so they must be forced by various means , such as compulsory education , spelling checkers , newspaper editors who do / not / publish their letters to the editor , and not least by the courts that restrain the will to revenge , in order to keep a modicum of sanity in the frail structure that is human society .
We are clearly not at the stage of human development where writers are willing to accept the burden of communicating to the machine what they are thinking .
One has to marvel at the wide acceptance of our existing punctuation marks and the sociology of their acceptance .
" Tagging " text for semantic constructs that the human mind is able to discern from context must be millennia off .
In many ways , the current American presidency and XML have much in common .
Both have clear lineages back to very intelligent people .
Both demonstrate what happens when you give retards the tools of the intelligent .
Some Americans obsess over gun control , to limit the number of handguns in the hands of their civilians , but support the most out - of - control nutcase in the young history of the nation and rally behind his world - threatening abuse of guns .
The once noble concern over validation to curb excessive costs of too powerful a tool for the people who used it , has turned into an equally insane abuse of power in the XML world .
How could such staggering idiots as have become " leaders " of the XML world and the free world come to their power ?
Clearly , they gain support from the masses who have no concerns but their immediate needs , no ability to look for long - term solutions and stability , no desire to think further ahead than that each individual decision they make be the best for them .
Lethargy and pessimism , lack of long - term goals , apathy towards consequences , they are all symptoms of depressed people , and it is perhaps no coincidence that the world economy is now in a depression .
My take on it is that it is because too much growth also rewarded people of such miniscule intellectual prowess that they turned to fraud rather than tackle the coming negative trends intelligently .
Whether Enron or W3C or the GOP , everyone knows that fraud does pay in the short term and that bad money drives out good .
When even the staggering morons are rewarded , the honest and intelligent must lose , and even the best character will have a problem when being honest means that he forfeits a chance to received a hundred million dollars .
In both the Bush administration and the W3C standards administration , we see evidence that large groups of people did not believe that it would matter who assumed power .
I am quite certain that just as Bush is supposed to be a thoroughly / likable / person , the people who work up the most demented " standards " in the W3C lack that personality trait that is both abrasive and exhibit leadership potential .
When the overall growth of something is so rapid that an idiotic decision no longer causes any immediate losses , the number of such decisions will grow without bounds until the losses materialize , such as in an economic depression .
When the losses are so diffused as to not even affect the idiots behind the decisions , they can stay in power for a very long time until they are blamed for a large number of ills they had no power to predict , but that is precisely what caused them .
|
I use XML on a daily basis and think it is a simple and intelligent | way to represent data .
A comment on this statement is by now entirely superfluous .
|
I would like to hear why you think it is so bad , can you be more | specific please ?
If you really need more information , search the Net , please . |
And how would you improve on it ?
A brief summary , then : Remove the syntactic mess that is attributes .
( You will then find that you do not need them at all . )
Enclose the /element / in matching delimiters , not the tag .
These simple things makes people think differently about how they use the language .
Contrary to the foolish notion that syntax is immaterial , people optimize the way they express themselves , and so express themselves differently with different syntaxes .
Next , introduce macros that look exactly like elements , but that are expanded in place between the reader and the " object model " .
Then , remove the obnoxious character entities and escape special characters with a single character , like \ , and name other entities with letters following the same character .
If you need a rich set of publishing symbols , discover Unicode .
Finally , introduce a language for micro-parsers than can take more convenient syntaxes for commonly used elements with complex structure and make them / return / element structures more suitable for processing on the receiving end , and which would also make validation something useful .
The overly simple regular expression look - alike was a good idea when processing was expensive and made all decisions at the start - tag , but with a DOM and less stream - like processing , a much better language should be specified that could also do serious computation before validating a document -- so that once again processing could become cheaper because of the " markup " , not more expensive because of it .
But the one thing I would change the most from a markup language suitable for marking up the incidental instruction to a type - setter to the data representation language suitable for the " market " that XML wants , is to go for a binary representation .
The reasons for / not / going binary when SGML competed with ODA have been reversed :
When information should survive changes in the software , it was an important decision to make the data format verbose enough that it was easy to implement a processor for it and that processors could liberally accept what other processors conservatively produced , but now that the data formats that employ XML are so easily changed that the software can no longer keep up with it , we need to slam on the breaks and tell the redefiners to curb their enthusiasm , get it right before they share their experiments with the world , and show some respect for their users .
One way to do that is to increase the cost of changes to implementations without sacrificing readability and without making the data format more " brittle " , by going binary .
Our information infrastructure has become so much better that the nature of optimization for survivability has changed qualitatively .
The question of what we humans need to read and write no longer has any bearing on what the computers need to work with .
One of the most heinous crimes against computing machinery is therefore to force them to parse XML when all they want is the binary data .
As an example , think of the Internet Protocol and Transmission Control Protocol in XML terms .
Implementors of SNMP regularly complained that parsing the ASN.1 encodings took a disproportionate amount of processing time , but they also acknowledged that properly done , it mapped directly to the values they needed to exchange .
Now , think of what would have happened had it not been a Simple , but instead some moronic excuse for an eXtensible Network Management Protocol .
Another thing is that we have long had amazingly rich standards for such " display attributes " as many now use HTML and the like .
The choice to use SGML for web publication was not entirely braindead , but it should have been obvious from the outset that page display would become important , if not immediately , then after watching what people were trying to do with HTML .
The Web provided me with a much needed realization that information cannot be / fully / separated from its presentation , and showed me something I knew without verbalizing explicitly , that the presentation form we choose communicates real information .
Encoding all of it via markup would require a very fine level of detail , not to mention / awareness / of issues so widely dispersed in the population that only a handful of people per million grasp them .
Therefore , to be successful , there must be an upper limit to the complexity of the language defined with SGML , and one must go on to solve the next problem , not sit idle with a set of great tools and think " I ought to use these tools for something " .
Stultifying as the language of content models may be , it amazes me that people do not grasp that they need to use something else when it becomes too painful to express with SGML , but I am in the highly privileged position of knowing a lot more than SGML when I pronounce my judgment on XML .
For one thing , I knew Lisp before I saw SGML , so I know what brilliant minds can do under optimal conditions and when they ensure that the problem is still bigger than the solution .
-- Erik Naggum , Oslo , Norway
Act from reason , and failure makes you rethink and study harder .
Act from faith , and failure makes you blame someone and push harder .
You Cover It Up , You Own It
David Luban
Some of the coolest , most creative uses of escalators in advertising campaigns .
Want to tell your strange story ?
Tell us about it and it could be featured on Oddee .
You can remain fully anonymous .
Submit Story
Coming in the final days of the Bush administration , the ruling was hailed by the administration and conservatives as a victory for an aggressive approach to counterterrorism .
The Justice Department said in a statement that it was “ pleased with this important ruling . ”
“ It provides a very good result ; it reaffirms the president ’s right to conduct warrantless searches , ” said David Rivkin , a Washington lawyer who has served in Republican administrations .
Representative Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said the ruling “ reinforces the significant , bipartisan political consensus ” in favor of the president ’s broad assertions of wiretapping powers .
But others were cautious about the significance of the ruling .
“ I think this kind of maintains the status quo , ” said Scott Silliman , an expert on national security law at Duke University .
“ I do n’t think it is a surprise that the FISA court found that the legislation was constitutional .
They are going to defer to Congress , especially since there was a lot of discussion when the law was passed about the ability of the government to compel providers . ”
The ruling is the latest legal chapter in a dispute dating back to the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks , when Mr. Bush secretly ordered the National Security Agency to eavesdrop on the international communications of American citizens without the approval of Congress or the courts .
After the agency ’s program was publicly disclosed in December 2005 , critics said it violated a 1978 law .
The White House initially opposed any new legislation to regulate surveillance , arguing that it would be an infringement of the president ’s powers .
But after the Democrats took control of Congress in the 2006 midterm elections , the administration agreed to bring the N.S.A. program under the jurisdiction of the FISA court .
In 2007 , Congress passed the Protect America Act , which was replaced in 2008 by another surveillance law .
The case arose in 2007 , when a telecommunications company refused to comply with the government ’s demands that it cooperate without warrants under the terms of the Protect America Act .
The company was forced to comply , under threat of contempt , while it challenged the law in the FISA court , the opinion noted .
The practical question regarding Israel ’s recent invasion of Gaza is not  Who is right ?  but  Can Israel last ? 
As I write , Israel is using a military designed to fight hostile countries to fight a hostile population .
In the modern world , this has seldom worked .
To defeat a country you destroy its military and capture its territory .
But Gaza has little military to destroy , no tanks or aircraft , and Israel already owns its territory .
The IDF can invade but , afterward , the population will still be there , and still be hostile .
Stabbing jello does n’t buy you much .
Israel remains a small state in a region that intensely does n’t want it .
The rights and wrongs change nothing .
Again and again , Israel lashes out , lashes out , against enemies that can be defeated but never decisively .
And so the bombs fall on Gaza , on Syria , on Beirut , perhaps on Iran .
Each war guarantees the next : 1948 , 1956 , 1967 , 1973 , 1982 , 2006 , 2009 , world without end .
Israel today is not the country once dreamed , in which Heidelberg professors escaped from Europe would work the soil with their hands on kibbutzim and play chess and the violin at night .
It looks more like what the professors fled .
Brutal conflicts breed brutal people .
Atrocities engender counter - atrocities , extremists come to the fore , and military solutions seem the only solutions .
Where is this going ?
How long can it continue ?
Another fifty years ?
A hundred ?
Say I , either the country finds peace with its neighbors or it goes the way of the Crusader Kingdom .
We can stipulate that the Israelis are the world ’s best people , or the worst .
It does n’t matter .
You can die in the right as easily as in the wrong .
The Israelis appear to be trapping themselves in their own policies .
They continue their annexation of the West Bank .
The settlements are now so numerous and so populous that dismantling them is probably politically impossible for any Israeli government , which rules out a two - state solution .
To control a large hostile population , you need harsh methods , which keep the population hostile .
Arabs outbreed the Israelis , so that a proportionately declining number of Israelis rule a slowly rising tide of Arabs .
Think : South Africa .
How is this going to work ?
For how long ?
Israel also has a large internal minority of Arabs .
These also outbreed the Jews .
If this continues and the internal Arabs can vote , Israel will one day become an Islamic state .
Sooner or later , the question will be : Democratic , or Jewish ?
America killed its indigenous population , the Spanish married theirs , but Israel can do neither .
Now what ?
Since Israelis do not yearn to get in touch with their inner Moslem , the choices will be disenfranchisement or ethnic cleansing .
Disenfranchisement would , again , leave a diminishing proportion of Jews ruling more and more Moslems .
Think : Alabama in 1930 .
Disenfranchisement apparently is starting .
Israel just banned its Arab parties from voting in the upcoming elections , and then the courts unbanned them .
Ethnic cleansing ?
Rounding up a large minority and expelling it would require horrendous brutality .
This is the least moral but perhaps most practical solution .
It is barely possible that Congress would balk but , I suspect , not until it was too late to matter .
If Israel nuked Chicago , Congress would approve .
The long - term indicators point downward .
Israel ’s military position is not as good as one might think .
It has , or had when I last covered such things , a splendid air force , a good militia army , nuclear weapons , and inferior enemies .
None of these is particularly useful against angry populations .
It seems probable that Islamic countries will eventually have nuclear weapons .
The danger is not that a Moslem country would spontaneously launch them against Israel , as this would constitute national suicide .
But you do n’t have to use nuclear weapons for them to be effective .
Today , the Bomb is Israel ’s trump card .
If , say , Syria attacked and ( improbably ) began to win , its cities would turn to green glass , and Damascus knows it .
Thus Israel is in exactly zero danger of conventional defeat .
But if Arab countries had nuclear weapons , the trump card would lose its value .
You have to be very careful about bombing countries that can vaporize your cities .
Further , Israel depends entirely on a foreign country , namely America , for its survival .
The US provides the weaponry , the financial aid , the vetoes in the UN , and the last - resort military support that comes when Israel is in trouble ( 1973 , for example ) .
Without this support , Israel could not last .
Small countries without oil cannot support massive militaries .
If I were an Israeli , I would be uneasy about this .
American support depends crucially , if not entirely , on the Israeli lobbies .
Should these falter , so will Israel .
It is not that the US seethes with repressed anti-Semitism awaiting its chance .
It does n’t .
But Americans do n’t much care about the outside world , know little of history and less of geography .
Congress is loyal only to itself .
Today one reads of the recent overwhelming vote in Congress in support of Israel , but the number is highly artificial .
The rub is that today is today , but there is always tomorrow .
Congress supports whoever pays it or intimidates it , and today the Lobby can exact a heavy price for opposition .
If the winds blow another way , Congress will sway in another direction .
What might constitute a sufficient wind ?
I do n’t know .
I note that Israel has no oil , its enemies do , and world demand is growing fast .
Think : Taiwan .
Further , I doubt that public support for Israel is nearly as strong as we are told it is .
Among conservatives , no small group , there is considerable mild hostility to Jews and a far stronger dislike of Israel .
I ’m not sure how serious the antagonism is .
To be annoyed is one thing , but to want to see the country fall with the nearly assured hideous results is another .
But people seldom think that far .
Many , if they could , would shrug and say ,  Whatever .
It ’s their problem . 
A national shrug would end Israel .
Methinks a faint smell of doom hangs over Tel Aviv .
American power appears to be on the decline , the outcome of its Islamic wars in doubt , its control over its Moslem client states uncertain .
Nothing Israel is likely to do looks workable in the long run .
The demographics are terrible , regional Arab hostility assured , the military balance only able to deteriorate , the whole enterprise hanging by a lobby .
I remember thinking about the Soviet Union ,  This ca n’t last . 
I could n’t see how it could stop lasting either .
It did stop .
Unless something changes , and I do n’t have any bright ideas , I do n’t see a happy ending .
Fred Reed is author of Nekkid in Austin : Drop Your Inner Child Down a Well and the just - published A Brass Pole in Bangkok : A Thing I Aspire to Be. Visit his blog .
Fred Reed Archives
The Best of Fred Reed
The Interior Ministry was hit in the first strike targeting a government building
By Heather Sharp
BBC News , Jerusalem
The bloodied children are clearly civilians ; men killed as they launch rockets are undisputedly not .
But what about the 40 or so young Hamas police recruits on parade who died in the first wave of Israel 's bombing campaign in Gaza ?
And weapons caches are clearly military sites  but what about the interior ministry , hit in a strike that killed two medical workers ; or the money changer 's office , destroyed last week injuring a boy living on the floor above ?
As the death toll mounts in Gaza , the thorny question is arising of who and what can be considered a legitimate military target in a territory effectively governed by a group that many in the international community consider a terrorist organisation .
This is also the group that won the Palestinian legislative elections in January 2006 and a year later consolidated its control by force .
So while it was behind a campaign of suicide attacks in Israel and fires rockets indiscriminately over the border , it is also in charge of schools , hospitals , sewage works and power plants in Gaza .
International law Israel says it is operating totally within humanitarian law , but human rights groups fear it is stretching the boundaries .
And as ground forces clash in the heavily - populated Gaza Strip , the questions will become more pressing .
International laws rules on keeping civilian casualties to a minimum are based on the distinction between " combatants " and " non-combatants " .
Our definition is that anyone who is involved with terrorism within Hamas is a valid target .
This ranges from the strictly military institutions and includes the political institutions that provide the logistical funding and human resources for the terrorist arm
Benjamin Rutland
IDF spokesman
As Israel launched the first air strikes , outgoing Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said : " You - the citizens of Gaza - are not our enemies .
Hamas , Jihad and the other terrorist organisations are your enemies , as they are our enemies . "
But when an Israeli military spokesman also says things like " anything affiliated with Hamas is a legitimate target , " things get complicated .
The International Committee of the Red Cross - guardian of the Geneva Conventions on which international humanitarian law is based - defines a combatant as a person " directly engaged in hostilities " .
But Israeli Defence Forces spokesman Captain Benjamin Rutland told the BBC : " Our definition is that anyone who is involved with terrorism within Hamas is a valid target .
This ranges from the strictly military institutions and includes the political institutions that provide the logistical funding and human resources for the terrorist arm . "
Philippe Sands , Professor of International Law at University College London , says he is not aware of any Western democracy having taken so broad a definition .
" Once you extend the definition of combatant in the way that IDF is apparently doing , you begin to associate individuals who are only indirectly or peripherally involved it becomes an open - ended definition , which undermines the very object and purpose of the rules that are intended to be applied . "
Indeed , Hamas itself has been quoted as saying the fact that most Israelis serve in the military justifies attacks on civilian areas .
Hamas policemen
The first wave of bombings , which targeted police stations across Gaza , is a key case in question - particularly the strike that killed at least 40 trainees on parade .
Analysts say Hamas policemen are responsible for quashing dissent and rooting out spies , as well as tackling crime and directing traffic .
But the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem , which has raised the issue in a letter to Israels attorney general , says it appears those killed were being trained in first aid , human rights and maintaining public order .
The IDF says it has intelligence that members of the police force often " moonlight " with rocket squads , but has given no details about the specific sites or individuals targeted .
To claim that all of those offices are legitimate targets , just because they are affiliated with Hamas , is legally flawed and extremely problematic
BTselem director Jessica Montell However , campaign group Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) argues that even if police members do double as Hamas fighters , they can only be legally attacked when actually participating in military activities .
Both BTselem and HRW are also concerned about the targeting of ostensibly civilian sites such as a university , mosques and government buildings .
Protocol 1 of the Geneva Conventions - quoted by Israel , although not signed by it - says that for a site to be a legitimate military target it must " make an effective contribution to military action " and its destruction or neutralisation must also offer " a definite military advantage " .
Israel says it has bombed mosques because they are used to store weapons , releasing video of the air strikes which it says shows secondary explosions as its proof .
But it gives no evidence for its claims that laboratories at the Islamic University , which it bombed heavily , were used for weapons research , or for its claims that at least three money changers targeted were involved in  the transfer of funds for terrorist activities  .
This is because Israel rarely releases intelligence material for fear of endangering the lives of its sources , Capt .
Rutland says .
However , on its targeting of the education , interior and foreign ministries and the parliament building , Israel simply argues they are part of the Hamas infrastructure  and there is no difference between its political and military wings .
" To claim that all of those offices are legitimate targets , just because they are affiliated with Hamas , is legally flawed and extremely problematic , " says BTselem director Jessica Montell .
Questions of proportionality
Other incidents have raised concerns for these reasons , together with a second legal concept - proportionality .
This demands that the military gain of a particular operation be proportional to the likely or actual civilian losses incurred in carrying it out .
As Fred Abrahams , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch puts it : " Even if you have a legitimate target you cant just drop 10 - tonne bombs on it . "
Questions of proportionality rest on intention as much as the numbers of people killed and injured Five sisters in the Balousha family were killed as they slept together as , apparently , a nearby Hamas - linked mosque was bombed in Jabaliya refugee camp on the second day of Operation Cast Lead .
HRW is calling for an investigation .
" Was the mosque a legitimate target ?
We have our doubts Did they use weaponry that would limit damage to civilians ?
We have our serious doubts , " says Mr Abrahams .
In this case , Capt .
Rutland said the IDF had no record of a target in that specific area at that time , and gave no further explanation for the girls  deaths .
A further case is the bombing of a truck that Israel initially said was loaded with missiles .
BTselem and the truck 's owner  who said his son died along with seven other people  later said it was carrying oxygen canisters for welding .
Israel maintains the warehouse the canisters were loaded from had been known to house weapons in the past .
How good was Israel 's intelligence ?
How likely was it , for example , that at the moment of decision , the information might turn out to be wrong ?
And did the potential gains outweigh the possible losses ?
Professor Sands says proportionality is " very , very difficult . "
" What 's proportionate in the eyes of one person may be disproportionate in the eyes of another , " he says .
The difference in numbers in the Gaza war is stark - Palestinians say more than 500 Gazans have died in eight days , compared with 18 Israelis from rocket fire since 2001 .
But experts say issues ranging from the parties ' intentions , the reasons for going to war , the actions taken to protect - or indeed expose - civilians , and the conditions on the ground , all feed into a much more complicated legal equation .
Israel says lawyers are constantly consulted in its operations .
It says it takes all possible steps to minimise civilian casualties .
Guided weapons are used ; telephone warnings are often given before buildings are bombed ; the IDF says missions have been aborted because civilians were seen at the target .
And it says its enemy is far from a standard army : " We 're talking about an entire government whose entire raison detre is the defeat of Israel and all of whose energies are directed at attacking Israeli civilians , " says Capt .
Rutland .
Witnesses and analysts confirm that Hamas fires rockets from within populated civilian areas , and all sides agree that the movement flagrantly violates international law by targeting civilians with its rockets .
But while BTselem 's Ms Montell describes the rocket fire as a " blatant war crime " , she adds : " I certainly would not expect my government to act according to the standard Hamas has set for itself - we demand a higher standard . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Assignment Help
AssignmentHelp.net is the World ’s Best Online Assignment help , Academic Homework Help and writing assistance web provider that prides itself in being the best online assignment help website for students around the world .
Many students enrolled in even the best degree programs internationally in best colleges and universities are often unable to grapple the pressures of multiple homework submissions , clashing deadlines , tight semester schedules as well as managing mid-term and end semester examinations with submissions of high quality research essays , term papers , homework problem sets and other university writing requirements .
As a result , students either submit a low - quality research writing essay , homework problem set and college assignments , leading to low grades or they simply choose to skip the submissions , which can often extend their course completion timeframes .
All of these pressures and inability to cope with academic deadlines , assignment and homework submissions lead to mental stress and destroys all the hard work that students put in all through the academic year in keeping up with the unsurmountable coursework .
It is in times like this that most students wish there was a service that would “ Make My Assignment ” “ Do My Assignment ” “ Help Me with My Assignment ” “ Last Minute Assignment Help ” .
Assignmenthelp.net is precisely the solution to all these students ’ problems .
Whether you are a student of PreK - 12 school grades or studying in a college degree program or enrolled in a graduate school and research programs at Master ’s level or are a doctoral or postdoctoral research student , each student can benefit immensely from taking services of Assignment Help Online .
At assignmenthelp .
net we cater to various categories of academic assistance provisions such as Online Assignment Help , Academic Essay Writing and Editing Services , Dissertation assistance services , Programming assignment help , Case Study Writing Help , Homework Help , Custom Coursework Help , Research Writing help , GhostWriting Services ,
Thesis help , Help with CDR writing and many more academic writing assistance services such as proofreading , plagiarism check and removal , referencing check and proper referencing generator .
Not only this , even if you do not require a typically Do My Assignment For Me kind of service and simply need expert consultation and writing help on assignment writing styles , assignment writing guides and need free study notes to consult for your essay research writing on hundreds of topics , including Economics Statistics , Business , Management , Finance , Accounts , History , Political Science , Anthropology , Sociology , Engineering , Psychology , Project Management , programming with Java , C++ , C , Python , Matlab , R , Data Analysis , Data Analytics , Big Data , Machine Learning , Information Management and Information technology practices , Nursing , Law and Legal Research , English language , Sciences like Chemistry , Physics , Biology , Medicine and Medical Science , Nursing studies , test prep guides for SAT , ACT , AS - level and A - level exams , GCSE , GRE , GMAT , TOEFL , IELTS test prep , even then Assignmenthelp .
net is the best homework help website for you .
With Assignmenthelp .net ’s global presence and growing network of students , you can now get quality assignment help and custom assignment writing service facility in all leading countries as assignment help actively provides its services in countries including Assignment Help for USA students , Assignment Help in UK , Assignment Help Australia , Assignment Help for students of Canada , Singapore , Malaysia , UAE , South Africa , France , Germany , Spain , Italy , Hong Kong , Japan , India and many more .
Whether you require urgent assignment help and last minute homework help consultations within a matter of hours or you want to hire our writing help tutors over the entire duration of your semester , our 24 * 7 live chat experts will pair you with the best assignment help experts to make sure that they are best suited to your learning needs , pace and style .
Although we have priced all our assignment help services keeping in mind the affordability factors for our college and university level clients , we advise all our clients to not fall prey to many cheap assignment help services acting as our imposters who have often deceived students in the past by compromising on homework and assignment qualities with inadequately researched , improperly cited referencing and plagiarised submissions .
To Submit your assignments click here .
Or chat with our assignment help experts Live chat
Who will Make My Assignment ?
Meet our Assignment Help Online Experts
At Assignmenthelp .net we carefully choose all our subject experts as they are entrusted with the most important task of helping students to ace their courses with excellent grades .
All our assignment writing experts have undergone an intensive training for writing an assignment for university standards globally .
Our assignment writing experts are chosen based on a strict assessment and completion of a rigorous training process that emphasizes 5 critical aspects : Qualification , Dedication , Originality , Ingenuity and Quality .
Hence , all the assignment help experts , essay writers , essay writing helpers and assistants who work with Assignmenthelp .
net have been thoroughly scrutinised , sensitized and trained for having world class research level graduate degrees from leading universities around the globe , commitment to our students and learners to provide dedicated and just - in time academic assistance tailored to meet their on time deadlines , personalised academic writing help , homework help personalised to suit each student ’s assignment help needs and custom research writing requirements as well as crafting ingenious , intelligent and original research solutions , written answers and model solutions to make sure that each student gets academic assistance for studying and writing from the best possible academic sources with best possible insights from leading subject experts .
So , whether you need college assignment help , graduate research coursework help , Thesis writing help , Dissertation help , Buy Sample Assignments or Need experts to answer homework questions , Assignment help is the best place for all your academic help needs .
How can I get Assignment Help to Do My Assignment ?
To avail assignment help , essay writing help and homework help services from Assignmenthelp .
net is a very simple three - step task .
All you have to do is choose the academic help service that you want to avail from our long list of services , including Help with Assignments Online , Homework Writing Service , Do My Essay , Dissertation Guidance , Thesis Help , Writing Help for Essays , term papers , custom research writing services , CDR help , Online Perdisco MYOB Tutors , Hire Programming Experts , Legal research Writing , Writing assistance providers and many more .
Once you have made your mind regarding the nature of academic assignment help service that you wish to obtain , based on your requirements and the degree of help you need ( whether you need online experts to write your assignment or you just need an expert to review your essay or you need homework help writers to create sample solutions or you are looking to buy sample assignments and term papers ) then all you have to do is Sign up with AssignmentHelp to create a user account and upload your assignment help request online .
As soon as we receive your online assignment help query , our 24 * 7 live chat experts will contact you to know more details regarding your assignment writing requirements and book your order instantly for help on assignments .
Pay for assignments with secure payment methods like PayPal .
The Best Assignment Helper will be assigned to work on your tasks and we will make sure that the solutions , tailored specifically as per your requirements , are delivered directly to your inbox on or before the deadline .
These assignment help solutions are then yours to consult , read , make notes from and study from for your final university and college submissions to make sure that you can carve out those perfect A+ level answers and essays that will win you accolades from everyone .
The late Leona Helmsley famously said , " only the little people pay taxes . "
The past week seems to have proved her right .
It started with news that the 400 highest - earning Americans paid an effective tax rate of 17 % in 2006 .
That was the lowest effective tax rate in the 15 years the IRS has been keeping stats .
( Advocates for the wealthy point out that these individuals , who earned an average of $ 236 million , paid an average of $ 45 million each in taxes -- surely not chump change ) .
Associated ...
Trusting is one thing I do n’t know
When it comes to the campaigning men
But I ’ll meet you at the election
When I vote for the hope of this land
– Sean Kelly
You may have noticed , if you ’ve been paying attention , that the music industry has gone to hell of late .
It is n’t that nobody is making good music anymore – on the contrary , there are legions of fantastic bands and artists out there .
It ’s just that the best ones rarely get played on the radio ; the recording industry cranks out nothing but imitation , prefabricated product – the musical equivalent of Cheez - Whiz ( Now With Zero Intellectual Calories ! ) ; the RIAA – the body that ’s allegedly working on behalf of artists – never misses a chance to kneecap young , developing musicians ; and if an artist is making a living , it ’s probably at a day job and not with his or her music .
It did n’t used to be this way , and it got the way it is for a series of observable reasons .
Short version : a series of policy decisions aimed at enabling corporations operating in the music industry have , over the past 30 years or so , have worked to transform music from something with legitimate artistic and cultural value into something that ’s pure commodity .
It would be wrong to say that Republicans set out to kill music .
It would be wrong to say that all musicians are anti-GOP – in fact , a good number of talented folks are quite Republican .
It is true that excellent artists have historically leaned progressive in one way or another , but our concern here today is less about what performers think and more about their ability to develop careers that genuinely enrich our culture .
The point , then , is that GOP leaders set out to make it possible for corporations to make more money , unhindered by the constraints of public interest concerns .
In the music biz , as in every other biz , the party ’s raison d’etre has been about profit .
To this end , there ’s no denying that they ’ve been responsible for the policies that have wreaked the most havoc on our popular music landscape .
It began with Reagan ’s first FCC chief , Mark Fowler , trotted out this bit of foolishness : “ the public ’s interest , then , defines the public interest . ”
That ’s Newspeak for “ the public interest is what the public is interested in . ”
No , I ’m not making that up .
This became the ideological foundation for driving a stake through the heart of our broadcasting sector ’s public interest standard and throwing open the gates open to massive corporate ownership .
( Here ’s an early story on local marketing agreements , a precursor to the deluge that followed . )
More recently , it ’s worth recalling Clear Channel ’s pro-war rallies and the widespread difficulties any artist who voiced anti-Bush sentiments had getting played .
In particular , it ’s worth noting the case of the Dixie Chicks .
And we need to acknowledge the close ties between CC and W .
To be sure , smaller , locally owned stations can boycott whoever the heck they like , but you do n’t get nationwide control with local ownership , do you ?
As for Mr. Fowler ’s estimation of the “ public interest , ” let ’s just say that I … disagree .
People , both individually and collectively , are frequently interested in things that are not in their best interest – and I certainly include myself in this .
Some folks are keenly interested in crack and crystal meth .
Others , like a couple members of my family , were way too interested in drinking heavily .
There are adults who are interested in having sex with children .
I can go on , but at this point those of you with IQs over 60 probably get my drift .
Michael Tracey has been talking a good deal about broadcasting and the public interest in his ongoing series , and if our next president accomplishes nothing more than to restore a little sense to how we govern media in this country , he will have done us all a great favor .
How hopeful should I be , though ?
Well , if McCain prevails a situation that has gone from bad to worse will likely go from worse to beyond worst .
And if Obama wins ?
Well , he ’s been palling around with Reed Hundt , who as Bill Clinton ’s FCC chair was the best thing that ever happened to AT&T .
Which is not so great .
So today , on ElecTunesDay , I ’m hoping that we elect people who will end our War on Music ( and all art , for that matter ) .
I think it ’s time we focused more on what ’s good for Americans and less on what ’s good for corporations .
I ’m hoping for change , in other words .
Hoping , but not holding my breath …
Oh , one more thing :
Hottest Celebrity Magazine Covers : February 2009
We 've put together a cross section of the top selling February 2009 magazines that can be found on newsstands throughout the country .
Featured are Vogue , Shape , Vanity Fair , Glamour , Lucky , Elle , Harper 's Bazaar , Self , Allure , InStyle , Cosmopolitan , Maxim and Marie Claire .
Gracing those hot covers are Blake Lively , Ashley Tisdale , Kate Blanchett , Isla Fisher , Eva Longoria Parker , Amanda Seyfried , Jenna Fischer , Scarlett Johansson , Ali Larter , Sarah Mutch and Renee Zellweger .
We 're probably most disappointed with Eva Longoria Parker .
She seems to be lacking the glam look that used to be her trademark .
Hottest cover girl ?
Let us know what you think .
There ’s been a bit of buzz today about “ Whoosh ” – a search engine written in Python .
I did some performance measurements , and posted them to the Whoosh mailing list , but it looks like there ’s wider interest , so I thought I ’d give a brief summary here .
First , I took a corpus of ( slightly over ) 100,000 documents containing text from the english wikipedia , and indexed them with whoosh , and with xapian .
– Whoosh took 81 minutes , and produced a database of 977Mb .
– Xapian took 20 minutes , and produced a database of 1.2 Gb .
( Note : the unreleased “ chert ” backend of xapian produced a 932 Mb database , and compacting that with “ xapian - compact ” produced a 541 Mb database , but it ’s only fair to compare against released versions . )
Next , I performed a search speed test – running 10000 1 word searches ( randomly picked from / usr / share / dict / british - english ) against the database , and measuring the number of searches performed per second .
I did tests with the cache cleared ( with “ echo 3 > / proc/sys/ vm/drop_caches ” ) , and then with the cache full ( by running the same test again ) :
– With an empty cache , whoosh achieved 19.8 searches per second .
– With a full cache , whoosh achieved 26.3 searches per second .
– With an empty cache , xapian achieved 83 searches per second .
– With a full cache , xapian achieved 5408 searches per second .
In summary , whoosh is damn good for a pure - python search engine , but Xapian is capable of much better performance .
Supersonic plumes of water erupt from Saturn 's moon raising hopes of micro life under surface
Huge plumes of water vapor and ice particles are spewing from Saturn 's moon Enceladus at supersonic speeds , scientists report .
When the Cassini spacecraft flew through a gigantic geyser of dust and gas close to the surface of Enceladus , it collected samples of ice and gas .
Astronomers say the plumes may be erupting from an underground ocean , which would make Enceladus the third place in the solar system suspected to support life , even if only microbial organisms .
Geyser - like eruptions of ice particles and water vapor shoot from the south pole of Saturn 's moon , Enceladus
' There are only three places in the solar system we know or suspect to have liquid water near the surface - Earth , Jupiter 's moon Europa and now Saturn 's Enceladus , ’ Joshua Colwell , one of the researchers at the University of Central Florida , said .
‘ Water is a basic ingredient for life and there are certain implications there , ’ he added .
Images taken by the Cassini spacecraft in 2005 revealed huge gysers shooting from fissures in the south pole of Enceladus , reminiscent of the famed Old Faithful at Yellowstone National Park in the United States but on a grand scale .
But the latest mission suggest that the gas and dust are spewing at more than 1,300 mph - faster than sound - making the case that Saturn is hiding a reservoir of liquid water .
The ridged icy surface of Enceladus was captured by Cassini during a flyby last month
Data from Cassini's Ultraviolet Imaging Spectrograph instrument , a high - tech imaging instrument , suggest that cracks extend below the surface and act as nozzles that channel water vapor from an underground liquid water reservoir .
Focusing the instrument at a distant flickering star also showed that the water vapours – which intermittently blocked its starlight – form narrow jets as they blast into space .
' We think liquid water is necessary for life and there is more evidence that there is liquid water there , ' said lead researcher Candice Hansen of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California .
' You also need energy , you need nutrients , you need organics .
It looks like the pieces are there .
Whether or not there 's actually life , of course , we can't say . '
Gaming giant Tabcorp Holdings has taken a big hit of $ 11.5 million to its accounts after a high - rolling gambler passed a dud cheque at one of the company 's casinos .
Releasing its financial results for the first half of the 2008/09 financial year , Tabcorp said on Thursday that it had made a bad debt provision of $ 11.5 million in respect of one customer .
Tabcorp chief executive Elmer Funke Kupper told reporters that Tabcorp did not provide credit to players but did provide cash - chequing facilities .
Asked if the player in question had cashed a cheque for $ 11.5 million and the cheque had bounced , Mr Funke Kupper said : " Yep ' ' .
Mr Funke Kupper declined to identify the player or the country of origin , but said the gambler was an international player known throughout the region .
THIS EXPLAINS A LOT ….
Hilzoy reported on this overnight , but I do n’t want the news to get lost in the shuffle .
It ’s one of those breathtaking stories that is almost too painful to believe .
Upon announcing his plan to close the military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Barack Obama also began a process that would review the case files for every detainee .
The problem for the new administration , however , is that there are no files .
President Obama ’s plans to expeditiously determine the fates of about 245 terrorism suspects held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and quickly close the military prison there were set back last week when incoming legal and national security officials — barred until the inauguration from examining classified material on the detainees — discovered that there were no comprehensive case files on many of them .
Instead , they found that information on individual prisoners is “ scattered throughout the executive branch , ” a senior administration official said .
The executive order Obama signed Thursday orders the prison closed within one year , and a Cabinet - level panel named to review each case separately will have to spend its initial weeks and perhaps months scouring the corners of the federal government in search of relevant material .
Several former Bush administration officials agreed that the files are incomplete and that no single government entity was charged with pulling together all the facts and the range of options for each prisoner .
They said that the CIA and other intelligence agencies were reluctant to share information , and that the Bush administration ’s focus on detention and interrogation made preparation of viable prosecutions a far lower priority .
I mention this , in part to help resolve some lingering confusion .
On the one hand , the Bush administration released some detainees who apparently turned out to be pretty dangerous .
On the other , the Bush administration refused to release other detainees who were n’t dangerous at all , and were actually U.S. allies .
How could this happen ?
In light of these revelations about the lack of files , it starts to make a lot more sense .
But to put this in an even larger context , consider just how big a mess Bush has left for Obama here .
The previous administration a ) tortured detainees , making it harder to prosecute dangerous terrorists ; b ) released bad guys while detaining good guys ; and c ) neglected to keep comprehensive files on possible terrorists who ’ve been in U.S. custody for several years .
As if the fiasco at Gitmo were n’t hard enough to clean up .
I ’m reminded of something John Cole said the other day : “ The moral of this story is not the danger for Obama going forward with his Gitmo decommissioning , the moral is that when venal , shallow , small men are given unfettered power and authority , they do incompetent , stupid , and evil things . ”
If you are a Facebook user , you have in all likelihood received some variation of the “ 25 Things About Me ” note , the chain - letter - esque fad that has , absurdly , become national news .
The first of these notes that I received was from a friend that I met after moving to Baltimore .
I was supposed to write a note with “ 16 random things , facts , habits or goals ” about myself and then send it on to 16 other people .
But I could n’t really think of 16 people — on Facebook or otherwise — with whom I felt like sharing a bunch of random crap about myself .
Having known the sender for less than two years , though , I felt compelled to honor her wish to know more about me , so I sent my reply as a private message and that was that .
I was happy to be done with it .
Then I got tagged to do “ 25 Things About Me ” and then “ Getting To Know Your Girlfriends . ”
I skipped the former — if I ca n’t come up with 16 people to send it to , no way was I coming up with 25 — but did the latter , which was just a series of questions —
“ What color are your socks right now ? ” ; I was n’t wearing any — and passed it along to the fewer than 10 people who I suppose could be labeled girlfriends .
It ’s still sitting there on my profile page , though , free for anyone else to read .
It ’s a fad that ’s perfectly in keeping with what the Internet has become : a place to share lots of information about yourself .
Between social networking sites , personal blogs , comment boards and sites like Flickr , we willingly let perfect strangers know what city we live in , what our interests are , what kind of work we do , and even what we look like .
I ’ve always considered myself to be careful about how much information I put online , but simply reading my articles on Splice would tell you that I ’m married , I grew up in Texas , I live in Baltimore , I went to the University of Michigan and the other day , I was n’t wearing any socks .
None of that is particularly revelatory , but it is still more than I ’d share with some random person at a bus stop .
Sure , there are ways to safeguard against the spread of personal information online : Facebook has all sorts of privacy settings , you can use made up names on comment boards , you do n’t have to post pictures of yourself or write anything personal on blogs or other sites .
What ’s problematic , though , is that the feeling of anonymity that the Internet provides remains even when you become less and less anonymous .
Somehow , the Internet feels like a safe place to share personal information despite our knowing just how dangerous it can be .
There ’s a scene at the end of the movie Kiss The Girls in which a detective tells the protagonist Kate McTiernan about ways in which women can protect themselves from attackers , including taking out the trash on the morning of collection , instead of the night before .
“ Think about it .
A guy could come by say , Tuesday night , 3 in the morning , dump your trash in one of those 30 - gallon plastic sacks , haul it down to an abandoned lot and bingo !
There it is .
What a lady eats , how often she shaves .
He can even tell a lady ’s time of the month .
Anything you want to know .
What kind of lipstick she wears , and used condoms .
How often she ’s getting ’ it .
Twice a week ?
Three times ?
The same guy , different guys ? ”
All of that from a bag of garbage .
It ’s just a movie , but I ’ve read similar things on self - defense sites .
If there are weirdos skilled enough at creating a detailed picture of your life from the things you throw away , there are definitely ones equally skilled at piecing together all the information we have scattered across the Internet .
I might not know how to do it , but I ’m sure it would n’t be too difficult for someone to figure out exactly where I live , my husband ’s name , where he works , what bank we belong to and when I ’m away on vacation .
It ’s probably not all too difficult to track someone ’s patterns and daily routine .
And it ’s only getting easier .
The introduction of location - aware applications cannot only give someone a rough picture of your day - to - day happenings , but an exact location of where you are and at what time .
In an article for Wired , Mathew Honan details his experience with location - aware programs like WhosHere , “ an iPhone app that knows where you are , shows you other users nearby , and let ’s you chat with them . ”
Cell phone programs like WhosHere plot your exact location ( longitude and latitude ) and connect to the Internet “ to share that info , merge it with online databases , and find out what — and who — is in the immediate vicinity . ”
These applications are not only a way for consumers to more quickly and easily access people and information by location , but also allow businesses to connect with ( or intrude upon ) nearby consumers .
i Phone users can walk past a bar and get a digital message about happy hour deals or nightly specials .
You can pass a store and a digital coupon for 10 percent off might be sent to your phone .
To test the reaches of this new technology , Honan loaded every location - aware application he could onto his iPhone and even added an Eye - Fi Wi-Fi card to his camera , so that every picture he took would be tagged with the location ’s coordinates and uploaded to the Internet .
Turns out , these location - aware programs can lead to some pretty creepy stuff .
Honan writes :
On a sunny Saturday , I spotted a woman in Golden Gate Park taking a photo with a 3G iPhone .
Because iPhones embed geodata in photos that users upload to Flickr or Picasa , iPhone shots can be automatically placed on a map .
At home , I searched the Flickr map , and score — a shot from today .
I clicked through to the user ’s photostream and determined it was the woman I had seen earlier .
After adjusting the settings so that only her shots appeared on the map , I saw a cluster of images in one location .
Clicking on them revealed photos of an apartment interior — a bedroom , a kitchen , a filthy living room .
Now I know where she lives .
Google just released similar software called Latitude , which allows cell phone users to share their location with contacts .
While Latitude does n’t have the same outrageously invasive reach as the programs Honan tested — you have to sign up for a Google account and must give contacts permission to see your location — it operates in much the same way , allowing friends and family to see exactly where you are when the program is enabled .
Stephen Shankland of cnn.com stresses the practical benefits of Google Latitude : “ a girlfriend could use it to see if her boyfriend has arrived at a restaurant and , if not , how far away he is ... Meeting your pals at a bar is an obvious example of the software ’s possibilities . ”
He then goes on to explain how Latitude product manager Steve Lee “ pointed to a case where a friend ’s girlfriend , though far away in Seattle , will ‘ virtually place herself next to him . ’
That ’s a little sappy for my tastes , ” Shankland writes , “ but I can still relate .
My wife is on the other side of the country right now , and it would be heart - warming to see just where . ”
Shankland concludes , “ There are a lot of occasions where technology is better for maintaining relationships than it is for establishing them , and this looks like one to me . ”
That may be true of Google Latitude and Shankland is right that technology can help us stay better connected to the people we love — I talk to friends on G - chat far more often than I do on the phone and I do n’t know how I ’d make it through a work day without the short , humorous email exchanges back and forth with my husband — but it ’s also true that this increased electronic connectivity can easily lead to a lack of real connection .
If I can track what my out - of - state friends have been doing based on their Facebook status , then the need for me to call and see what they ’ve been up to greatly decreases .
And is n’t the “ 25 Things About Me ” note kind of a way for us to say “ look , I do n’t have the time or energy to really get to know you better , so why do n’t you just send me a list of things I might find interesting and we ’ll go from there ” ?
Maybe I ’m just paranoid but it seems like these location - aware technologies , and too often the Internet in general , are just okay for maintaining relationships , but much better at potentially establishing new ones — with creepy , weirdo strangers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Hereford - based makers of a fully hands - free mobile phone believe their hi-tech product will revolutionise the industry .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As the recession deepens , companies are looking for ways to cut costs without cutting staff -- and that could mean scaling back on benefits .
Many businesses have already reduced retirement contributions , or eliminated them altogether .
Saks Fifth Avenue ( SKS ) , Motorola , FedEx and Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) are just a few of the companies that announced they would no longer be offering employer matches to 401 ( k ) plans .
But the buck does n't stop there .
Now more companies are considering cutting back costly health coverage and other benefits during tough economic times .
" It 's definitely a trend that we 're seeing , " said Laurie Bienstock , national director of strategic rewards for benefits consulting firm Watson Wyatt .
" As there are continued challenges , the numbers are growing . "
Benefits for employees cost employers , on average , $ 8.74 per hour worked , according to a report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics , a bulk of which is credited to health insurance coverage .
That 's $ 2.27 per employee , per hour , according to BLS .
To bring that expense down , 20 % of businesses have already raised the employee contribution to health care premiums and another 17 % plan to in the next 12 months , according to a recent survey by Watson Wyatt .
Bob Eubank , executive director of the Northeast Human Resources Association , said that companies are not looking to eliminate benefits altogether but make them more cost effective -- and that means more expensive for employees .
The average employee contribution to company - provided health insurance has already increased 117 percent since 1999 , according the Kaiser Family Foundation .
When companies cut back on healthcare plans , workers will likely see less coverage , in addition to higher deductibles and heftier co-pays .
Twelve percent of the businesses surveyed said they have also reduced or eliminated other employee programs , such as tuition assistance and company subsidized dining , as a way of cutting costs and another 12 % plan to do that in the coming year .
Paving the way , Procter & Gamble ( PG , Fortune 500 ) already scaled back its charitable match , Weyerhaeuser ( WY , Fortune 500 ) trimmed retiree healthcare benefits , Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) reduced the number of free meals for its employees and General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) suspended tuition reimbursement .
While there may not be much you can do about losing out on perks like matching charitable contributions or tuition assistance , employees may find that there are cost effective alternatives to expensive health plans that could save the employer , and themselves , some dough , experts say .
" Most companies offer multiple plans and often times people will pick a plan without much thought , " said Frank Boucher , of Boucher Financial Planning Services in Reston , Va .
" Now is the time to pay attention . "
For example , Tim Maurer , director of financial planning at the Financial Consulate , recommends looking into a less expensive High Deductible Health Plan ( HDHP ) coupled with a Health Savings Account , or HSA .
High Deductible Health Plans have lower premiums than traditional health plans and higher deductibles ( the minimum deductible for HDHPs is $ 1,150 for individuals and $ 2,300 for family coverage ) .
Meanwhile , workers can put the excess dollars that would have been going into a more expensive plan into an HSA , Maurer says , which has its own advantages .
Health Savings
Accounts let you stash cash for qualified medical and health expenses , like filling prescriptions or even getting massages , on a tax - free basis .
Individual employees can contribute up to $ 3,000 a year ( or $ 5,950 for families ) and take a tax deduction on their contribution .
" It 's better off for the company and the employee , " Maurer said , it 's kind of cool . "
Got a question about the crisis and your finances ?
Email Money magazine at money_letters@moneymail.com .
A mysterious computer virus , the purpose of which has yet to become apparent , is spreading so fast that it has already infected more than 15 million computers around the world .
Some six million machines have been contaminated in the past three days alone by the virus , a worm known as Downadup , Conficker or Kido .
More than 3,000 British organisations – including hospitals , the Ministry of Defence , councils , and what are described as " well - known firms " – have been hit .
They and the hundreds of thousands of other victim organisations in countries such as the US , Russia , China and India are now bracing themselves for the virus to be triggered and do whatever malicious work it has been designed to do .
There remains the possibility that it has no function other than to demonstrate its originator 's skill , but security experts think it unlikely a worm so sophisticated has no ulterior purpose .
Tom Gaffney , technical manager of F - Secure , says this could be to capture confidential information , such as online account details and passwords , but it is more likely to be a " rootkit " , which gives the virus designer administrative access – effectively , control over the computer and then , perhaps , its network .
He said that Conficker is the worst outbreak of this type seen for six years , since the Slammer worm ran amok in 2003 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Conficker 's origin is thought to be in Ukraine , mainly because the first thing the worm does is check if a computer has a Ukrainian - configured keyboard .
If it does , the worm leaves it unmolested .
Former Soviet states are where so - called " computer warfare " ( the hacking of target networks , or hijacking of websites ) has been most common .
It was prevalent during last year 's Georgia - Russia conflict .
So far , Conficker 's impact has been irritating , but not disastrous .
Low - level computers at the Ministry of Defence were affected , with some service staff left without access for two weeks .
More than 800 computers within the Sheffield Teaching Hospitals Trust were affected .
Other trusts , notably in South Wales , have been hit , and admin computers at Strathclyde fire service have also been affected .
Mr Gaffney says his firm also has first - hand knowledge of infections at a few councils and " a number of well - known firms " .
F- Secure estimates 15 million computers are affected worldwide .
Other security specialists favour a lower figure .
The worm , which does not affect Apple Macs , exploits a vulnerability in Windows , for which Microsoft provided a security patch as long ago as October .
But the failure of many users to apply the patch ( some say nearly one in three Windows users have ignored it ) , or to install anti-virus software , has allowed Conficker to proliferate .
A common source of infection has been USB sticks and the application used to download their contents .
There are also many users , especially non-corporate ones , unaware that their computer is affected , and therefore at risk of disastrous consequences if the virus is triggered .
F- Secure , along with other security specialists , has a free online scan for the virus available on its website .
Additional research by Lara Richards
Page 3A
Tulsa passengers try out TSA 's full - body scanners
Controversial $ 170,000 imagers detect metal and plastic
TULSA — Here 's a glimpse at the future of aviation security : Airline passenger Natalie Miller steps into a glass booth at a checkpoint .
She raises her arms .
Within moments , a screener asks what is in her back pocket .
Miller is puzzled because she dumped all of her possessions into a plastic bin before entering the booth .
Or so she thought .
When she reaches into her back pocket , she finds a credit card she left there .
" That 's pretty cool , " Miller says of the incident Thursday at Tulsa International Airport , shortly after the screener waved her through .
" I thought the machines just detected metal . "
Not anymore .
The 35 - year reign of airport metal detectors began its slow descent this week in Tulsa , where for the first time some passengers are skipping metal detectors .
People are instead being screened in a 9 - foot - high portal with glass shields that rotate to produce vivid pictures of what is underneath passengers ' clothing .
The machines use electromagnetic waves to create pictures of energy reflected off people .
The metallic - looking images show outlines of private body parts and blur passengers ' faces .
Two Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) screeners in a closed room near the checkpoint view the images on computer monitors and relay information on radio headsets to checkpoint screeners .
The $ 170,000 body scanners could be installed at airports around the USA and would close a major security loophole by detecting non-metallic weapons such as plastic and liquid explosives .
TSA testing shows the body scanners excel at finding hidden items as small as a plastic button , agency spokesman Christopher White said .
Now the TSA has more questions :
How quickly do the scanners operate , and do passengers like them ?
Will they evoke more privacy concerns from critics who say the machines take security too far , because they can show the outlines of private body parts ?
As the TSA expands its test for airports in San Francisco , Miami , Las Vegas , Salt Lake City and Albuquerque in coming weeks , it will listen to passengers ' reactions .
Miller , 34 , a sales representative from St. Louis , had no concerns .
" It makes me feel a little safer , " she said , taking " maybe a few seconds longer — not a big deal . "
Tulsa Airport Director Jeff Mulder watched Wednesday when the body scanner was first used and saw little passenger objection or slowdown .
" It looked like a relatively normal flow , " Mulder said .
Passenger Jim Lesterhold said the body scanner took twice as long as a metal detector takes .
" If you were in a crowded airport , it would really slow things up , " said Lesterhold , 50 , a Houston engineer .
That worries travel advocates .
" If you 're going to have something that is going to significantly increase the time it takes to go through an airport , that is a real challenge , " said Roger Dow , CEO of the U.S. Travel Association .
" I 'm glad the TSA is testing it . "
On Thursday , only two passengers of the 1,039 who were screened before noon in Lane 2 at Tulsa 's three - lane checkpoint declined to go through the body scanner , White said .
" It 's a little too revealing , " said Deborah Newell , who had seen images created by the scanner on local TV news Wednesday .
When Newell , 29 , a software - project manager from Charlotte , declined to go through the scanner , a female screener gave her a traditional pat - down search .
Kerry Holden , 48 , of Miami also opted for a pat - down .
She said the machine 's electronics might weaken her pacemaker battery .
The images are not sensitive , screeners said .
" They are not pornographic at all , " Tulsa screener Debbie Shacklett said .
" I do n't look at them as people .
I look at them as a thing that could have something on it . "
Some passengers said Thursday that they wished the TSA had posted signs near the body scanner with a reproduction of the image .
" I might not have wanted to go through if I had seen that , " said Susanne Nicklas of Grove , Okla .
" I 'm 72 , and I do n't have the figure I used to . "
Signs at the Tulsa checkpoint explain that " use of this technology is optional . "
White , the TSA spokesman , said the signage emphasizes that passengers can skip the scanners because the agency wants to gauge passenger preference .
" We 're not trying to hide anything , " White said .
Images from the body scanners are on the TSA website , www.tsa.gov.
For passengers with metallic hips or knees , the scanners were a relief from metal detectors , which invariably sound alarms that lead to pat - downs .
" I walked through , raised my arms and was done , " said a beaming Larry Brenden , 43 , of Albuquerque .
" I was like , what , no pat - down ? "
First Strike is a Star Wars total conversion modification for Battlefield 2142 .
The goal of First Strike is to totally immerse the players into the amazing universe of Star Wars by presenting the most accurate representations of famous Star Wars locales , weapons , and characters , and combining them with exciting , fast paced gameplay and features new to the Battlefield scene .
Within this mod you 'll find yourself as a soldier of the Galactic Empire or as a freedom fighter for the Rebel Alliance .
You 'll fight across lovingly detailed recreations of various Star Wars locations with a wide array of weapons and vehicles .
With the Rebel Alliance growing stronger every day and the Empire spread thin as it is , it 's no longer a battle of technological might , but simply a matter of who strikes first ...
Features include :
Famous Star Wars battles
An extremely authentic atmosphere
Dozens of Star Wars weapons , vehicles , and soldiers
Space battles !
Online multiplayer for up to 64 people
Co-op & Singleplayer
Bot support on a growing number of maps
Persistent stat tracking
To check out your rankings visit : Stats.fsmod.com
Understanding
Taxes is to be considered an instructional site for teaching purposes only .
The information is based on 2014 tax law .
Users of this site with interest in knowledge and practice on current tax law are encouraged to access Link and Learn Taxes .
Access all the great educational content found in the Understanding Taxes program on the Internet !
This online version includes detailed lesson plans , interactive activities , simulations , and more !
For Educators , every Understanding
Taxes lesson includes the correlations to national and state educational standards .
Each lesson plan includes a link to the applicable national and state standards , making it simple to integrate Understanding Taxes into your existing classroom curricula .
Holly Madison and Criss Angel Over
The former Girls Next Door starand illusionisthave split .
The two hooked up at the end of last year following the much publicized breakup of Holly and Playboy founder
Things seem to change quite fast for Madison , who said just a few weeks ago that she has moved on and is working hard to start a new life for herself in Las Vegas .
A source close to the blonde beauty said :
" She was very much in love with him ( Angel ) and they are still very close friends .
But it was a conflict of schedules .
She felt she could n't devote 100 percent of her time to him in Vegas , at the expense of her own career and her goals . "
No one should be called upon to give someone else 100 % of their time because that is called smothering !
In any case , we can't wait to see who she hooks up with next .
Plan tardío e insuficiente
Opinión
Impotencia del Consejo
Jorge Eduardo Navarrete
Cuba : la esperanza
Ángel Guerra Cabrera / I
Si el PRI regresa ...
Soledad Loaeza
Gaza
Adolfo Sánchez Rebolledo
Consejo para el gobierno
Orlando Delgado Selley
Nos preguntaremos por qué odian tanto a Occidente
Robert Fisk
Sobre los mexicanismos gandalla y agandallar
Carlos Montemayor / II y última
Recuento del ( d ) año 2008
Olga Harmony
I ’ve searched high and low for the past 6 months for a Photoshop action script that will automate the process of placing playing card suites and numbers on top of a folder full of images .
Having admitted defeat , I made my own template document , which goes half way towards completing the task .
This is a Photoshop template containing all the characters needed to insert a picture into a complete set of playing cards .
To download the 14MB Photoshop CS4 document , click the below link to download the PDS document from Filefactory.com .
Inside the file you ’ll see that each of the layers containing the back card pattern , the suites , red and black numbers on opposite corners and the border mask are each in separate layer groups .
All you need do is print out each image , with alternating layer items hidden and revealed , with either your own design or photograph placed on the bottom blank layer , either on photo paper or card .
Click this link : Filefactory and download the template .
If anyone knows how to write a complete action script , which will automatically apply this template to a folder of images , alternating each suite and number card to make a complete set of playing cards , without having to do this manually , I ’d like to give cards made in this way as a gift next Christmas — so you ’ve got 12 months to get in touch !
Thanks in advance .
New US media campaign promotes military strike on Iran
By Patrick Martin
12 January 2009
Front - page reports in two leading US newspapers Sunday signal a ratcheting up of US pressure on Iran and the preparation of American public opinion for a new round of US military aggression .
The New York Times published a lengthy article by its chief diplomatic correspondent , David Sanger , a long - time conduit for the concerns of the Pentagon and State Department , purporting to detail discussions between the Bush administration and Israel over the past year about possible air strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities .
The Washington Post carried a shorter but equally prominent article , written by correspondent Joby Warrick , recounting efforts by Iran to obtain electrical components from US and European suppliers , allegedly for Improvised Explosive Devices to be used against American forces in Iraq .
The provocative character of the Post article is demonstrated in its sensationalistic first sentence , which reads : “ The Iranian businessman was looking for high - quality American electronics , but he had to act stealthily :
The special parts he coveted were denied to Iranians , especially those seeking to make roadside bombs to kill US troops in Iraq . ”
Other than the florid prose , the Post article adds little to the public record provided by a federal court filing last fall in Miami in which the US Department of Justice charged four companies , based in Dubai , part of the United Arab Emirates , with acting as purchasing agents for the Iranian government .
The principal company involved , Mayrow General Trading , was shut down by Dubai authorities in 2006 .
As for the Times article , it provides new details about US - Israeli relations , as well as about US covert operations against Iran , which reportedly involve efforts to sabotage the Iranian nuclear enrichment program by supplying faulty equipment through third parties and also through the practice of cyber - warfare against Iranian computer systems .
But the article has the character less of an exposé than a semi-official declaration of the US government , sanctioned by both the outgoing Bush administration and the incoming Obama administration , represented in both cases by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , the first Pentagon chief to be carried over from one administration to its successor .
Times correspondent Sanger not only bases his account on interviews with US and Israeli military and intelligence officials , he acknowledges submitting to what amounts to government censorship , declaring , “ Several details of the covert effort have been omitted from this account , at the request of senior United States intelligence and administration officials , to avoid harming continuing operations . ”
This admission suggests that the article was pre-approved and “ planted ” by the US government .
The article portrays the Bush administration and Gates , in particular , as opposed to Israeli air strikes on Iranian nuclear targets , partly because they could not accomplish the goal of destroying the Iranian program and partly because of the likely backlash throughout the Middle East , especially in Iraq , where 140,000 US troops would be prime targets for any Iranian retaliation .
The article states that the Israelis approached the Bush administration early last year with three requests to facilitate air strikes on Iran : a supply of deep - penetrating bombs , equipment for refueling bombers in the air , and permission to use US - controlled Iraqi airspace .
According to Sanger , while stalling on the bombs and equipment , the White House flatly refused over flight permission , fearing the consequences for the US position in Iraq .
He writes : “ At the White House and the Pentagon , there was widespread concern that a political uproar in Iraq about the use of its American - controlled airspace could result in the expulsion of American forces from the country . ”
The ongoing discussions between Washington and Jerusalem on whether and how to attack Iran have been the subject of multiple articles over the past five years by Seymour Hersh of the New Yorker magazine , based on leaks from Pentagon and CIA sources .
Sanger adds little that is new in this area .
The Israeli technical preparations for air strikes on Iran have been quite open , including well - publicized military exercises last summer over the Mediterranean , in which Israeli warplanes simulated a bombing mission of the same length as a direct flight to Natanz , Iran ’s main nuclear research and uranium enrichment facility .
Israel has completed purchase of 90 F - 16 I fighter - bombers from the US , which can carry enough fuel to reach Iran , ( flying east from Israel through Jordan and Iraq ) , as well as two new Dolphin submarines from Germany that could fire nuclear - armed warheads against Iran , in addition to three similar vessels already in service .
Iran has sought to parry these moves by upgrading its air defense capabilities , buying 29 new Tor - M1 surface - to - air missile systems from Russia in 2007 , and seeking delivery of an even more advanced Russian surface - to - air missile , the S -300 .
Israeli and US officials have sought to pressure Moscow not to deliver that weapons system .
There is a sinister side to Sanger ’s discussion of US covert operations against Iran .
Towards the end of his article , he singles out a top Iranian nuclear scientist , noting that one goal of the US activities was to “ keep the pressure on a little - known Iranian professor named Mohsen Fakrizadeh , a scientist described in classified portions of American intelligence reports as deeply involved in an effort to design a nuclear warhead for Iran . ”
What kind of “ pressure ” is Sanger talking about in this chilling passage ?
The naming of this scientist is tantamount to a threat by the US ( and Israeli ) intelligence services that Fakrizadeh could be targeted for assassination .
On a broader political level , what does the US military - intelligence establishment hope to accomplish by injecting the question of military action against Iran into public debate only nine days before Barack Obama takes the oath of office ?
One passage in the article suggests that it represents an effort both to pressure the Obama administration to take action on Iran , and to begin the process of preparing American public opinion for such action .
Sanger writes :
“ Since his election on Nov. 4 , Mr. Obama has been extensively briefed on the American actions in Iran , though his transition aides have refused to comment on the issue .
Early in his presidency , Mr. Obama must decide whether the covert actions begun by Mr. Bush are worth the risks of disrupting what he has pledged will be a more active diplomatic effort to engage with Iran .
Either course could carry risks for Mr. Obama .
An inherited intelligence or military mission that went wrong could backfire , as happened to President Kennedy with the Bay of Pigs operation in Cuba .
But a decision to pull back on operations aimed at Iran could leave Mr. Obama vulnerable to charges that he is allowing Iran to speed ahead toward a nuclear capacity , one that could change the contours of power in the Middle East . ”
This suggests that Obama is being put on notice : Back down from ongoing plans for sabotage or military action against Tehran , and he could face a “ Who lost Iran ? ” campaign in the media .
Not that Obama needs much encouragement .
Only two months ago , on the eve of the election , the Times editorial page noted that “ inside Washington ’s policy circles these days - in studies , commentaries , meetings , Congressional hearings and conferences - reasonable people from both parties are seriously examining the so - called military option … ”
One report cited then by the Times was produced by the Bipartisan Policy Center , co-founded by former Democratic Senator Tom Daschle , now an Obama cabinet nominee .
That report , which declared that “ a military strike is a feasible option and must remain a last resort , ” was co-authored by Dennis Ross , Obama ’s top Middle East adviser , recently named a top aide to Hillary Clinton in the Obama State Department .
There is a good reason why I can’t feel for this woman .
Sometimes , Russian people want to prove they ’re tough .
One way of doing it is chaining bears to guard their homes , instead of dogs .
Not that chaining dogs ( or any other animals ) is a good thing , but what she does – is SO WRONG .
How can people be happy with a bear in their backyard ?
No more imagination for creating toys and we need to find something that breathes to entertain ?
Can anyone come up with a good reason for all these ?
There ’s something wrong about that !!!
[ EnglishRussia via Zoso ]
The appeal is to raise money for emergency supplies in Gaza More than 170 MPs have now put their names to parliamentary motions criticising the BBC and Sky for not broadcasting a charity 's Gaza appeal .
The Disasters Emergency Committee ( DEC ) wants money to send aid following the recent Israeli assault .
Both broadcasters insist that airing the three - minute film would threaten their reputation for impartiality .
Donations to DEC doubled to a total of £ 1 m , after ITV , Channel 4 and Five showed the appeal on Monday .
Impartiality Labour MP Richard Burden tabled an early day motion - used by MPs to demonstrate parliamentary support for particular causes - after Sky announced it was joining the BBC in refusing to show the appeal .
Another motion tabled calls on : " Sky and the BBC to reverse their decision and broadcast the campaign , publicising the details of the DEC appeal and the means whereby members of the public may donate to it " .
Disasters Emergency Committee Gaza humanitarian appeal : Launched by UK charities on 22 January to raise money for Gaza aid relief and reconstruction Participants : Action Aid , British Red Cross , Cafod , Care International , Christian Aid , Concern Worldwide , Help the Aged , Islamic Relief , Merlin , Oxfam , Save the Children , Tearfund , World Vision Information on 0370 60 60 900 or at DEC website
Mark Thompson on Gaza appeal
The humanitarian battle BBC Gaza appeal row reaction
The BBC director general Mark Thompson has said the decision not to show the film was taken because the corporation : " Could not broadcast a free - standing appeal , no matter how carefully constructed , without running the risk of reducing public confidence in the BBC 's impartiality in its wider coverage of the story " .
The head of Sky News , John Ryley , made a similar statement , saying that broadcasting the film would be " incompatible " with the channel 's objective role .
The Disasters Emergency Committee , which represents more than a dozen aid agencies , wants the money to buy food , medicine and blankets for residents of the beleaguered territory .
The UN has also announced an appeal for £ 428 m to help people affected by Israel 's military offensive in Gaza .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Institutia a obtinut terenurile de la Comisia judeteana de fond funciar Vaslui .
Retrocedarea celor 1.292,55 hectare de teren agricol s - a facut pe
baza unor documente oficiale prezentate de Academia Româna , fiind vorba de o serie de testamente mentionate în “ Monitorul Oficial ” nr. 260/1948 .
“ În sedinta de astazi ( joi – n.r. ) , Comisia judeteana de fond funciar a hotarât validarea dreptului de proprietate a Academiei Române asupra suprafetei de 936,55 ha în judetul Vaslui , precum si validarea a înca 208,8 ha de teren pe teritoriul judetului Giurgiu .
Retrocedarea fostelor proprietati trena de mai bine de zece ani si am considerat ca este normal ca aceasta institutie sa- si redobândeasca ceea ce a detinut legal înainte de perioada comunista ” , a declarat Ciprian Iftimoaei , prefectul judetului Vaslui .
Academia a fost reprezentata de catre presedintele Fundatiei “ Patrimoniu ” , Alexandru Bogdan , care sustine ca institutia intentioneaza sa amenajeze niste ferme in judetul Giurgiu .
„ Înainte de 1948 , data la care terenurile ne-au fost luate si date în folosinta unor ministere , Academia Româna avea la Vaslui peste 1.800 de hectare de teren agricol si 1.100 hectare de teren ocupat cu plantatii forestiere .
Doleantele noastre au fost rezolvate în proportie de 95 % , însa ramâne un singur lucru de facut : vreau sa plec de la Vaslui cu un act care arata dreptul nostru de proprietate asupra terenurilor care ne-au apartinut pentru a le comasa în Baragan , mai precis în judetul Giurgiu , acolo unde vom face ferme .
Sper ca voi pleca azi cu acest act , altfel vor veni în locul meu batalioanele mai tinere “ , a spus academicianul , potrivit ziarului “ Adevarul de Vaslui ” .
„ De curând , s- au împlinit 60 de ani de când Academiei Române i-a fost luat în mod abuziv dreptul de folosinta asupra terenurilor de catre fostul regim .
Vrem sa recuperam aceasta perioada pierduta si sa îndeplinim clauzele testamentare ale donatorilor nostri ” , a completat Alexandru Bogdan .
gardianul
This American Life has returned to Showtime , which I do n't get , but wish I did , because the screeners I 've watched of the show are really compelling viewing .
( Of course , I could always go ahead and buy season one from iTunes , but that 'd mean frittering away a whole month 's worth of YBNBY ad revenue ) .
As with last year , they 've commissioned my favorite comic artist , Chris Ware , to create an animated section for one of the shows , and once again , it 's superb .
If Ware were to turn his hand to a full length feature in this style , I 'd predict it may well be oscar - worthy .
Ok , before we get into things , this should be taken with a grain of salt .
I 'm not advising you to break rules of music festivals etc , or the law , I 'm merely hypothesizing ways in which to get alcohol into an event where they charge $ 10 for a dixie cup of flat beer .
Things You Will Need
Step 1
Step 2
Tips & Warnings
There are a few different products on the market that are perfect for this type of thing ( sneaking beer / liquids into stadiums , concerts & festivals , etc. ) and are always available on the internet .
I 'm going to focus on the simpler way of sneaking booze into an outdoor festival like Coachella .
You will need an empty bottle of sunscreen ( washed out ) .
Fill the sunscreen bottle with a hard liquor , or even a mixed beverage of your choice .
I suggest just using it for liquor , maybe bring some mix or chase with you as well .
You might even consider purchasing something to mix your liquor with from the concessions .
Although the ultimate goal is to avoid overpaying for alcohol , you might still want something to take the gross taste out of your mouth .
A lot of these events might even be no-alcohol allowed ( due to people getting violent , riots , etc. ) so take caution and avoid getting caught .
Remember , sunscreen usually works if it is sunny , or if you carry a purse ( or have a girl with you ) it might just seem as a regular accessory one might carry around .
Thanks for reading on how to sneak booze into an event .
Do not get caught !
" Imagine being a 12 - year - old boy Richard , ” he wrote .
“ Now imagine it 's Christmas morning and you 're sat there with your final present to open .
It 's a big one , and you know what it is .
It 's that Goodmans ’ stereo you picked out of the catalogue and wrote to Santa about .
Only you open the present and it's not in there .
It 's your hamster , Richard .
It 's your hamster in the box and it's not breathing .
That 's how I felt when I peeled back the foil . ”
3000
2000
(
2020 )
3
10
32
2012
2015
MacTutor is a free online resource containing biographies of nearlymathematicians and overpages of essays and supporting materials .
MacTutor is constantly expanding and developing .
Up to JULYincludeNew
Biographies of mathematicians , Expanded Biographies and New Entries in the Additional Material category .
MacTutor is created and maintained by Edmund Robertson , and John O'Connor , of the School of Mathematics and Statistics at the University of St Andrews , and is hosted by the University .
Their contributions to the history of mathematics have been recognised by the Comenius medal of the Hungarian Comenius Society inand the Hirst Prize of the London Mathematical Society in
Home equity loans are , after all , a major part of homeowner debt .
The Obama proposal would allow homeowners to wipe out that debt in bankruptcy court , allowing homeowners to keep their houses .
And of course the credit card industry ( those usurious scoundrels ! ) is screaming .
Gee , that reminds me .
Maybe it would be a good time to repeal all those changes in the bankruptcy laws the credit card industry won in the Bush era , too :
A key provision in President Obama 's $ 75 billion foreclosure prevention plan would allow bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages — a measure supported by bankruptcy attorneys and consumer groups but opposed by lenders .
The American Bankers Association has argued that allowing bankruptcy judges to change the terms of mortgages will increase the risks of mortgage lending at a time the market is already struggling .
The industry is n't unanimous in its opposition .
Last month , Sen. Dick Durbin , D - Ill. , announced that an agreement had been reached with Citigroup on legislation for bankruptcy mortgage modification .
" If enacted , this legislation would represent an important step forward , " Vikram Pandit , chief executive officer at Citigroup , said in a letter to Durbin and three other senators .
" Given today 's exceptional economic environment , we support its swift passage . "
The mortgage restructuring plan , called a mortgage cram - down , would give Chapter 13 bankruptcy judges the power to change loans for a primary residence .
Judges can already modify mortgages for second homes and commercial buildings .
" That 's the rule for investors who own two , three and four homes , " Obama said Wednesday .
" It should be the rule for ordinary homeowners , too , as an alternative to foreclosure . "
The change in the law would empower judges to lower interest rates , extend the repayment period , and change the principal amount owed on the mortgage to what is determined as the home 's fair market value .
The banking and credit card industry say the proposal is too broad , because it could apply to any borrower , including those who are n't having trouble paying their mortgages .
To protect themselves , lenders want to be allowed to veto any alteration in a home mortgage , says Michael Calhoun , president of the Center for Responsible Lending , a consumer advocacy group .
Do n't you love that ?
" Center for Responsible Lending . "
Right !
Seducing people who are already on the ropes with credit cards so you can charge usurious rates is " responsible lending " .
But I digress :
As it turns out , the Center for Responsible Lending is a group that fights predatory lending .
I apologize for the mistake ; they sounded like industry advocates from that isolated quote .
My bad .
" I will play music and celebrate what the Israeli air force is doing . "
Those chilling words were spoken on al - Jazeera on Saturday by Ofer Shmerling , an Israeli civil defence official in the Sderot area adjacent to the Gaza Strip .
For days Israeli planes have bombed Gaza .
Almost 300 Palestinians have been killed and a thousand injured , the majority civilians , including women and children .
Israel claims most of the dead were Hamas " terrorists " .
In fact , the targets were police stations in dense residential areas , and the dead included many police officers and other civilians .
Under international law , police officers are civilians , and targeting them is no less a war crime than aiming at other civilians .
Palestinians are at a loss to describe this new catastrophe .
Is it our 9/11 , or is it a taste of the " bigger shoah " Matan Vilnai , the deputy defence minister , threatened in February , after the last round of mass killings ?
Israel says it is acting in " retaliation " for rockets fired with increasing intensity ever since a six - month truce expired on 19 December .
But the bombs dropped on Gaza are only a variation in Israel 's method of killing Palestinians .
In recent months they died mostly silent deaths , the elderly and sick especially , deprived of food , cancer treatments and other medicines by an Israeli blockade that targeted 1.5 million people - mostly refugees and children - caged into the Gaza Strip .
The orders of Ehud Barak , the Israeli defence minister , to hold back medicine were just as lethal and illegal as those to send in the warplanes .
Ehud Olmert , Israel 's prime minister , pleaded that Israel wanted " quiet " - a continuation of the truce - while Hamas chose " terror " , forcing him to act .
But what is Israel 's idea of a truce ?
It is very simple : Palestinians have the right to remain silent while Israel starves them , kills them and continues to violently colonise their land .
As John Ging , the head of operations for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees , said in November : " The people of Gaza did not benefit ; they did not have any restoration of a dignified existence ... at the UN , our supplies were also restricted during the period of the ceasefire , to the point where we were left in a very vulnerable and precarious position and with a few days of closure we ran out of food . "
That is an Israeli truce .
Any act of resistance including the peaceful protests against the apartheid wall in the West Bank is always met by Israeli bullets and bombs .
There are no rockets launched at Israel from the West Bank , and yet Israel 's extrajudicial killings , land theft , settler pogroms and kidnappings never stopped for a day during the truce .
The western - backed Palestinian Authority of Mahmoud Abbas has acceded to all Israel 's demands .
Under the proud eye of United States military advisors , Abbas has assembled " security forces " to fight the resistance on Israel 's behalf .
None of that has spared a single Palestinian in the West Bank from Israel 's relentless colonisation .
The Israeli media report that the attack on Gaza was long planned .
If so , the timing in the final days of the Bush administration may indicate an Israeli effort to take advantage of a moment when there might be even less criticism than usual .
Israel is no doubt emboldened by the complicity of the European Union , which this month voted again to upgrade its ties with Israel despite condemnation from its own officials and those of the UN for the " collective punishment " being visited on Gaza .
Tacit Arab regime support , and the fact that predicted uprisings in the Arab street never materialised , were also factors .
But there is a qualitative shift with the latest horror : as much as Arab anger has been directed at Israel , it has also focused intensely on Arab regimes - especially Egypt's - seen as colluding with the Israeli attack .
Contempt for these regimes and their leaders is being expressed more openly than ever .
Yet these are the illegitimate regimes western politicians continue to insist are their " moderate " allies .
Diplomatic fronts , such as the US - dominated Quartet , continue to treat occupier and occupied , coloniser and colonised , first - world high - tech army and near - starving refugee population , as if they are on the same footing .
Hope is fading that the incoming administration of Barack Obama is going to make any fundamental change to US policies that are hopelessly biased towards Israel .
In Europe and the Middle East , the gap between leaders and led could not be greater when it comes to Israel .
Official complicity and support for Israel contrast with popular outrage at war crimes carried out against occupied people and refugees with impunity .
With governments and international institutions failing to do their jobs , the Palestinian Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions National Committee - representing hundreds of organisations - has renewed its call on international civil society to intensify its support for the sanctions campaign modelled on the successful anti-apartheid movement .
Now is the time to channel our raw emotions into a long - term effort to make sure we do not wake up to " another Gaza " ever again .
• Ali Abunimah is co-founder of The Electronic Intifada and author of One Country : A Bold Proposal to End the Israeli - Palestinian Impasse
electronicintifada.net
現在ぴじつたでは Twitter 、
Wassr 、 identi.ca 、 jisko 、 friendfeed をサポートしていま す
詳細はアーカイブに含まれるREADMEファイルを参照してください
開発版のソースは Mercurial を使うことで以下のリポジトリから取得可能です
以下のコマンドを使用して最新版のソースファイルを取得することができます:
hg clone http://hg.honeyplanet.jp/pidgin-twitter
Requesting Links is as much of an art as it is a science , especially in order to get that sought - after link from an authority site .
When thinking about how to write a link request , I pay attention to two factors : AIDA ( Attention , Interest , Desire , Action ) and WIIFM ( What ’s In It For Me ? ) .
Keeping those in mind , the rest is all in the semantics of what not to do , and how to to tailor the request to the particular industry or vertical you ’re targeting .
So to make things easier , I ’m going to provide you a link request template that you can customize to your fancy .
All I ask is that you email me at dev[at ] devbasu.com to let me know if the templates have actually worked for you .
First , let ’s look at the psychology of a link pitch , and then follow up with how you can use the same principles to influence your desired action from anyone you wish to pitch or approach .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
1. WIIFM – What ’s In It For Me ?
It ’s the first question that comes to mind when you ’re approached by anyone hoping to get you to do anything , so it ’s important to answer this question from the get go .
Generally speaking , most benefits fall into the following categories :
Resources –
Do you provide a resource that would be valuable to the readers , subscribers , or site visitors of the link target site .
– Do you provide a resource that would be valuable to the readers , subscribers , or site visitors of the link target site .
Association – Will the link target achieve stronger association by linking to your site ?
Eg : A dentist may have increased association with other dentists if they were to link to a local association or directory of dentists .
– Will the link target achieve stronger association by linking to your site ?
Eg : A dentist may have increased association with other dentists if they were to link to a local association or directory of dentists .
Recognition –
There ’s a good reason why why top 10 and top 100 lists are a perennial favourite of the creative link builder .
People are much easier to convince if you tickle their ego .
– There ’s a good reason why why top 10 and top 100 lists are a perennial favourite of the creative link builder .
People are much easier to convince if you tickle their ego .
Reciprocity – I ’m not speaking of standard link spam reciprocal links , but rather of reciprocal links that are relevant and built moreso for traffic than SEO .
Think about strategic links between content portals such as MSN and YellowPages or between other such completary websites .
2. A.I.D.A – Attention , Interest , Desire , Action
The AIDA principle walks us through the process of engaging your link prospect to closing the interaction with them , which if successful will result in them linking to your linkbait .
Here ’s how it works :
Attention –
The objective is to stand out from the other hundred link requests , subscription requests , newsletters , and junk mail that your prospect receives .
Some important steps towards engaging the prospect ’s attention include
Being Personal – Use your contact ’s real name and not their designation throughout the email .
Do n’t be Boring –
If you sound just like the last 5 emails your prospect has skimmed over , your ’s will be tossed into the trash can .
Stand Out – Utilize the subject line , opening and closing paragraph to your advantage .
These are key areas to make your mark .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Interest –
The objective is to get your link prospect to read through the meat and potatoes of your email , all the while increasing their interest to link to your site .
Here ’s how you can be interesting :
WIIFM – Answer this first by utilizing the points discussed in the section above .
Focus on Benefits , NOT Features –
Who cares if you ’re the next best thing since sliced bread ?
Appeal to how your resource solves your prospect ’s problems , or those of their readers .
Appeal to Their Ego - If your linkbait appeals to the prospect ’s ego or awards them with recognition of some sort , then spell out exactly where they rank in your list
Desire –
Once you ’ve got interest , its important to create desire , or your prospect will not act upon your request .
Create desire out of interest by baking in the following :
Give Them What They Want – Does the link prospect have an e-book , newsletter , or RSS feed they want people to subscribe to ?
Let them know that you ’ve subscribed to their offering , and that you look forward to receiving their material .
The prospect has automatically gained a subscriber , and is more likely to reciprocate .
Make Yourself Available – Want to make your prospect feel special ?
Make them feel like they have your direct line in case they need to contact you .
It may be as simple as offering up your office telephone number of your actual email address@domain.com instead of pr@domain.com Remind Them Why They Should Link To You – Reinforce your initial benefits proposition by quickly summarizing why the prospect benefits from linking to you .
Action – Do n’t make them think .
Instead , give them code they can copy paste to make the linking process easier .
In the case that your prospect is code savvy , give them the choice of either using your cut and paste code , or ‘ announcing ’ your resource to their readers at their own discretion .
3. Putting it All Together in a Link Request Template
Subject : < Name > ,
We ’ve got a < Category > resource we think your readers might like …
Hi < Insert Name > ,
My name is < Real Name > and I ’m getting in touch with you regarding your < Insert Category > site / blog < Insert Blog / Site Name > .
I ’m currently working with < Insert Client Site Name > to announce their new resource < Insert Article / Linkbait Name > , and thought this might be of interest to you and your readers , as it provides an easy and intuitive way to < Insert Benefit Here > .
You can review the article at < Insert URL > .
If you find the resource to be of value to you and your readers , I ’d appreciate it if you could add it to your < links page url > or announce it to your readers at your own discretion .
Alternatively , you can utilize the customized badge or link code provided below :
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
< Insert Badge or Anchor Text Optimized HTML Code >
As someone has an interest in < Category > , I ’ve signed up to your site ’s < newsletter /rss > and look forward to learning more about your business .
Please let me know if the above provides you with the information you need to review and consider our new section for linking .
I ’m available Monday to Friday 9 am - 5 pm EST , and can be contacted via telephone at my direct line ( 905 ) 420-1234 and also by my direct email < name@domain.com >.
Best wishes ,
< Real Name > , < Client Name >
< Contact Details >
Dev Basu is a regular contributor to Search Engine Journal .
He owns Powered by Search , a full service internet marketing agency located in Toronto , Canada , and blogs about online marketing for small businesses , search marketing , and all matters in local seo and social media .
Catch up with him at his blog , twitter , or connect on Linkedin .
Image Credits
Featured Image : SergeyNivens via Depositphotos
HH : " I am NOT the easter bunnyHerr Hildezart do no want to play easter bunny for me ( For this picture no ears were glued on Herr Hildezart
If you are interested how the hammie became a bunny look in my Scraps ) Making of picture ( from my Scraps folder ) :
Herr HildezartDzhungarian dwarf hamster ( in German : Dsungarischer Zwerghamster ) My deskEaster bunny hammyFAQ : hoschie.deviantart.com/journal …
If you like my work please " like " My Facebook Page >>>
Copyright © Oliver Pietern 2008 .
All Rights Reserved . <<
Study : Republicans stymie sensitive medical research RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday November 19 , 2008
Print This Email This Via The Financial Times : " Important US research to reduce HIV infection may have been prevented in recent years because scientists have censored their funding requests in response to political controversy , according to a study published on Tuesday .
" Writing in PLoS Medicine , the academic journal , Joanna Kempner from Rutgers University identified a " chilling effect " on researchers seeking grants from the government - backed National Institutes of Health after their work was questioned by Republican lawmakers and Christian groups .
" The findings suggest politics influence scientists ' willingness to conduct research , and raise warnings at a time of continued sensitivity over medical research topics from sexual behaviour to stem cells .
" Among 82 researchers polled by Ms Kempner , who had received money from the NIH , almost a quarter had dropped or reframed studies around sexual behaviour they judged to be politically sensitive , and four had made career changes and left academia as a result of the controversy .
Read full story here .
( Log - in required )
awk is a kind of Swiss Army knife for text files .
However , some of its limitations are often a bit annoying .
I ’ve used a simple set of functions to make awk a bit better , although I will warn you : it does require GNU extensions to awk .
That is , you must use gawk and not other versions .
Your system probably maps / usr / bin / awk to something and that something might be gawk .
But it could also be mawk or some other flavor .
If you use a Debian - based distro , update - alternatives is your friend here .
But for the purposes of this post , I ’m going to assume you are using gawk .
Python is one of the modern , multi-purpose , and high - level programming languages .
Python is used for various purposes i.e. software development , data science , machine learning , artificial intelligence , deep learning , and back end development .
More often , in any programming language , we need to print some data or string on the console .
In python , we use the print ( ) function to print the string or any kind of data on the console .
Yesterday I developed an simple program to search chembl_ 27. fps.gz for records with a Tanimoto similarity of at least 0.7 to caffeine .
I started by mentioning the 1986 paper by Willet , Winterman , and Bawden Implementation of nearest - neighbor searching in an online chemical structure search system .
As you can read from the title , that paper does a k - nearest neighbor search ( k - NN search , also called a top - N search ) , and compares a Tanimoto similarity search to a cosine similarity search .
So really , I 'm only halfway there .
In this essay I 'll go the other half and implement the nearest neighbor search .
As before , this code will do almost no error handling , and will only work for the uncompressed chembl_ 27.fps in the local directory .
Files are used to store and organize data on a disk .
We often use files when we need to store data permanently on a hard disk .
For example , say we are building a software system that maintains student records .
Now , we need to store the student data permanently for future use .
For this purpose , we can use files to store data , and later on , we can open these files and access the stored data at any time .
Reading and writing files are very common functions in Python .
It is easy to create , read , and edit files in Python .
Python comes with built - in functions for reading and writing files .
You can open , write , and read files using the Python built - in functions .
A string literal is a sequence of characters in a constant array pointer terminated by the nul character , \0 .
When identified , by a variable , the string literal cannot really reduce or increase in length .
Many operations can not be done on the string literal .
So , there is a need for a string class .
The C++ string class is for a data structure , a collection of characters in sequence , which allows member functions and operators to act on the characters .
The string class allows more manipulations on the corresponding string literal , than just the string literal .
You need to have good knowledge of string literal , to understand this article .
Under specific scenarios , you may require different identical copies of your repository .
At this point , you are probably thinking about cloning your storage – but there is a better solution .
Git offers a better and more reliable workflow model – Git worktree .
It gives a perfect copy of your entire repository .
In this article , I will explain all you need to know about worktree and how you can use it step - by - step with the Git best practices .
And once you know all these basics , Git Worktree will be relatively easy to implement as compared to other practices like cloning with Git Clone your repository .
As editor of I Programmer , I 'm keen on the history of computer programming and this week I 've come across a new resource - a series of podcasts in which Lex Fridman interviews some of the biggest names in computer science .
The Lex Fridman Podcast was formerly known as The Artificial Intelligence Podcast and the first one dates from April 2018 .
They are all conducted by Lex Fridman , an AI researcher at MIT .
Fridman does have some specifically AI - oriented interviews , there 's one with Andrew Ng , for example .
The one that alerted me to the series , however , was one posted on You Tube a week ago with James Gosling , the creator of the Java Language and is the one hundred and twenty sixth in the series .
Security Leftovers EFF Announces YAYA Malware Management Tool The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) has released YAYA ( which stands for Yet Another YARA Automation ) , an open source tool to help manage multiple YARA rule repositories .
The open source YARA tool helps malware researchers identify and classify malware samples .
According to the EFF announcement , “ YARA lets you create descriptions of malware ( YARA rules ) and scan files or processes with them to see if they match . ”
10 Types of Security Vulnerabilities
An unintended or accidental flaw in the software code or any system that makes it potentially exploitable in terms of access to illegitimate users , malicious behaviours like viruses , trojans , worms , or any other malware is called a security vulnerability .
The use of software that has already been exploited or the use of weak and default passwords also results in making the system vulnerable to the outside world .
These types of security vulnerabilities require patching to prevent hackers from using previously used exploits on them again to gain unauthorized access to the system .
A security vulnerability also called security hole or weakness is a flaw , a bug , or a fault in the implementation of code , design , and architecture of a web application and servers , which when left unaddressed can result in compromising of the system and makes the whole network vulnerable to the attack .
The people going to be infected include the application owner , application users , and any other person relying on that application .
Let ’s look at the most dangerous and common security risks to web applications .
Heartbleed Still Found in the Wild : Did You Know That You May Be Vulnerable ?
It ’s been six years since Heartbleed was first discovered , and the OpenSSL vulnerability can still be found and exploited across the internet .
As a matter of fact , 19 % of global attacks target the OpenSSL Heartbleed vulnerability due to the volume of unpatched public - facing servers .
Whether it ’s from poor scanning or fear of rebooting production servers , leaving servers open to OpenSSL exploits leaves customers and their data at risk .
This article takes a deep dive into Heartbleed and the threat it has on data privacy and compliance .
It also discusses how to identify if your processes still use outdated libraries , even if you ’ve updated them on disk .
An anonymous New Zealander fed up with hoons causing havoc on the country 's roads is getting even .
Armed with cans of expanding foam , he has been targeting cars with big exhaust pipes .
He calls himself " The Phantom Expander " .
New Zealand 's hoons are known as boy racers and they have been big news this week , after 300 of them ambushed a police officer in Christchurch and hurled beer bottles at him .
The government is now considering introducing a law , allowing police to confiscate and crush the cars of bad behaving petrol heads .
But in Blenheim , a little city right at the top of the south island , one local has come up with his own form of punishment , and it comes in a can .
Lance Dodd is editor of Blenheim 's local newspaper , the Marlborough Express .
" Last week we received an anonymous letter from someone who signed it ' The Phantom Expander ' and he was saying he 's taken it upon himself to respond to the socially maladjusted Blenheim pinheads that have chosen to have wide mouth boy racer exhaust installed on their car , " Mr Dodd said .
" And he went on to say he was now taking action and squirting builders foam , the expanding foam , that sets hard , into the exhausts of these cars , and that he would carry on doing it . "
But the paper does not print anonymous letters , so they told their photographers to hit the road and find some victims .
Blenheim has only got 10,000 residents , and it was not long before one snapper hit the jackpot .
" Our photographer just happened to notice a car as he was walking down the street .
It had white foam in the exhaust , " Mr Dodd said .
" So he took a photo and we looked up the registration and found out who it was and called here .
She was most alarmed to discover that her car had been foamed .
" If you do n't pick it up before it gets hard - it actually gets rock hard - and according to the muffler shop , it can cause your exhaust to blow , it can cause your cylinder gaskets to blow . "
In his letters to the paper , " The Phantom Expander " says he is carrying out a public service .
Police say he has managed to fill the exhausts of a dozen cars .
One victim was a police officer .
" We have no idea whatsoever [ who it might be ] , " said the officer .
" We 've asked anyone if they have any ideas whatsoever to get back to us , so we 'll probably get a few crank calls , but hopefully somewhere , someone will know who he is and get a hold of us . "
Mr Dodd says what is interesting is that compared to other cities in New Zealand , Blenheim does not really have a boy racer problem .
" It 's all in the news , obviously because of what 's been going down in Christchurch , they 've had huge issues there .
No , we do n't have that problem , we 've got a couple of hoons that drive around every now and then with loud exhaust and things , but you know , no more than any other average town , " he said .
" You do kind of smile wryly when you hear and think ' yeah , good on him ' , but at the end of the day he is breaking the law , some of the people he has targeted are not boy racers or even hoons , just regular guys that happen to have an exhaust that he feels is too big . "
The wedding guest puzzle : Link - a- Pix at first sight
I am a high school math teacher and got hooked on Link - a - Pix puzzles a few years ago after one of my co-workers who had completed ones hanging in her classroom showed them to me .
I was hooked after the first one .
A few months later , I met Mike .
During one of our first dates , he saw one sitting on the coffee table and asked about it .
I showed him how to do it and he started working away at it .
From then on , we would work on them together and even hang up completed ones on the fridge .
After Mike and I got engaged he came up with the idea of seeing if we could have a custom Link - a - Pix puzzle made of us .
We had been brainstorming ideas of how we could use the puzzle for our wedding : a game at showers , party favors for our guests to try , have a completed one framed at the reception , and a few others .
Copies of the puzzle next to the completed one
Finally , we decided to complete the puzzle ourselves and have it on display at our wedding reception ; we asked our guests to sign the matte around it .
We thought this way more guests at the wedding could see what it was and it would be neat for us to have for years to come .
We also thought that it would be really fun to see if they got into the puzzles as well .
We had copies of the puzzle next to the completed one , so that they could take it home and try it for themselves .
We are glad that we were able to share our enjoyment of Link - a - Pix puzzles and hope that there are now even more puzzle fans out there .
Related resources
Like and share
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Chairs were hurled back and forth in Melbourne on Friday as Bosnian and Serbian fans clashed at the Australian Open in Melbourne .
The fight erupted after Novak Djokovic of Serbia defeated Bosnian - born American Amer Delic .
Two men were arrested and 30 supporters ejected from the grounds as fans threw chairs and traded punches .
It is not the first year that rival fans from different countries have clashed at the event .
Consumers Union , the nonprofit publisher of Consumer Reports magazine , planned to announce on Wednesday that it had acquired Consumerist.com , a popular blog formerly owned by Gawker Media .
Consumerist is one of several sites Gawker has sold this year , including the political gossip blog Wonkette and the travel site Gridskipper .
The blog offers consumer tips , like how to return products and how to confound a telemarketer , and covers shopper complaints , like excessive retail markups .
It will become part of a new division of Consumers Union , and the current editors will remain .
No plans are under way to change the coverage or to begin charging for the site .
“ We do n’t want to acquire the Consumerist and then squelch it in some way , ” said Kevin McKean , vice president and editorial director of Consumers Union .
The founder and president of Gawker Media , Nick Denton , put Consumerist on sale in mid-November , the same day he announced that he was closing Valleywag , a site focused on technology in Silicon Valley .
Swedish Inventor Demonstrates Solar - Powered Water Purifier
January 12th , 2009 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
A Swedish inventor has unveiled a solar - powered water purifier that could provide billions of the world ’s poorest people with access to clean and disease - free drinking water .
The device , called the Solvatten , ( Swedish for ‘ sun water ’ ) , looks much the same as a standard jerrycan and can be filled with up to ten liters of water , opened out , and left in the sun .
A simple indicator shows either a red or green face to let users know when the water is safe to drink ( typically after 3 - 4 hours ) , thus avoiding the risk of contracting water - borne diseases .
According to inventor Petra Wadstrom , “ My inspiration to work with Solvatten is the fact that people are living with dirty water around the world and children are suffering from bad water , which is easily preventable , but people are living with a lot of solar energy and not using it . ”
The device has already been tested in Kenya and Nepal , and the feedback so far has been very positive .
Speaking about the trials , Wadstrom said , “ It ’s very easy to understand the method , and it ’s user friendly so you do n’t need to have technological skills to understand how to use it . ”
According to Bhushan Tuludhar , executive director of the UN Habitat and the Environment and Public Health Organisation ( ENPHO ) in Nepal , the Solvatten is one of several water - purifying methods being tested for their effectiveness in supplying the world ’s poor with regular access to clean water .
He forecasts that access to central water facilities that provide safe water to everybody are “ a distant dream , ” and that what is needed are “ point - of - use water treatment facilities , point - of - use water treatment technologies that are suitable to local conditions . ”
Image Credit – Solvatten
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Democrat Mark Begich has taken his first lead of the election over scandal - plagued Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska ) as absentee votes continue to be counted by Alaska elections officials .
With about 41,000 absentee votes tabulated today , Begich leads Stevens by a three - vote margin , 125,019 votes to 125,016 .
There are still about 50,000 outstanding absentee ballots left to be counted .
Stay tuned ...
comments closed
permalink
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer is warning IT organizations that they risk provoking an end user backlash if they do n't move off the XP operating system .
" If you deploy a four or five - year old operating system today , most people will ask their boss why the heck they do n't have the stuff they have at home , " the Microsoft CEO said .
In an interview at an event to mark the extension of Microsoft 's collaboration with EMC to help IT professionals improve virtualisation , security and content management , Ballmer touched on the progress of Windows 7 .
He stressed that its faster performance , longer battery life and simplified security settings will be " a pretty good step forward in terms of what users care about . "
For these reasons and others , Ballmer warned that , enterprises that stick with Windows XP too long risk complaints from impatient users who have been using newer computers running Vista and Windows 7 at home .
Microsoft recently revealed that it will move directly from beta 1 of Windows 7 to release candidate , implying a quicker release of the new OS than initially expected .
Additionally , Microsoft announced yesterday that it will issue discounted upgrade licenses to customers moving from Windows XP to Windows 7 .
Ballmer did say that it is too early in Windows 7 's lifespan to " start beating the big drum , " but emphasised that ease - of - use is a priority , particularly in " some of the improvements made in Vista on security . "
This is arguably a reference to the UAC pop-up security feature in Vista that has drawn ire from users for being annoying and inflexible .
In Windows 7 , the UAC setting can be controlled by the user .
For instance , the user can set UAC for " always notify me " at the most conservative level or " never notify me " if they do n't want to use UAC .
There are two moderate options in between that will notify users only about certain changes that take place on their computers .
According to a recent report by Forrester , Windows Vista is now powering just fewer than 10 percent of all PCs within enterprises in North America and Europe .
Nevertheless an uptick in Vista use may be on the horizon , as the report also states that 31 percent of IT decision - makers said they are beginning migrations to Windows Vista .
Ballmer admitted that compatibility issues have held Vista back .
But he adds that they were a necessary evil in order for Vista to break new ground on security .
" Our enterprise customers basically are pretty happy with what we did with Windows Vista , with one notable exception , which we needed to do to improve security , which was to break compatibility , " Ballmer says .
This story , " Ballmer : Stay on Windows XP and You Will Face a Backlash " was originally published by Computerworld UK .
Hamann , the german tuner has exposed the details on their newest tuned up BMW X6 .
Named Tycoon , the car is a renovation of a series of Hamann X6 models that were revealed in 2008 .
To make sweeter the deal , the new BMW X6 Tycoon features a innovative body elements , performance upgrades and an upgraded interior .
The designers built a body kit designed to provide the car a more muscular look .
The kit has innovative front wings , a rear wing extension , a new apron with big air intakes and LED daytime
Hamann as well working on a performance kit for the top - of - the - line BMW X6 xDrive50i .
At this time , that car is rated at an remarkable 407 hp and 600 Nm of torque , produced by its 4.4 - liter V8 twin-turbo .
Hamann uses their Design Editio Race Anodized 23 - inch rims with 315/325 tires .
Special chassis springs enhance light alloys .
Ride height is lowered by a maximum of 40 mm both at the front and rear axles .
The interior of BMW X6 Tycoon is , perhaps , one of favorite parts , stunning aluminum pedelas and carbon fiber elements on the dashboard .
The 3 - spoke steering wheel gets a innovative shape and it includes carbon fiber elements .
Me : “ Thank you for calling [ Tech Support ] .
What is the problem with your telephone line ? ”
Customer : “ The squirrels . ”
Me : “ The… what ?
Sorry ? ”
Customer : “ Those d*** squirrels are watching me . ”
Me : “ Uh … do you have a problem with your telephone line ? ”
Customer : “ Yes , the squirrels have nested on it , and they watch me while I ’m sleeping … ”
Me : “ I ’m sure they ’re not . ”
Customer : “ You calling me a liar ? ”
BART officer has yet to give account in shooting OAKLAND Delay in getting report worries lawyer for victim 's family , who wants officer charged criminally
A copy of a portrait of Oscar Grant taken last month was on display as attorney John Burris , representing the family of Oscar Grant , slain by a BART police officer New Year 's Day , held a press conference near his office in Oakland , Calif. on January 4 , 2009 .
less A copy of a portrait of Oscar Grant taken last month was on display as attorney John Burris , representing the family of Oscar Grant , slain by a BART police officer New Year 's Day , held a press conference near ... more Photo : Courtesy Of Johnson Family Photo : Courtesy Of Johnson Family Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close BART officer has yet to give account in shooting 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
Five days have passed since a BART police officer shot and killed an unarmed rider on a station platform , but the officer has not given a statement to investigators about what happened and the transit agency has apparently not forced him to do so .
The delay comes as witnesses emerge with their accounts of what happened , some with video footage of the incident recorded on cellular phones .
The hold - up is one reason why BART officials - even in the face of public outcry - have said little publicly about the shooting , including whether they believe it was justified .
BART has not released the officer 's name , but The Chronicle has learned that the officer is two - year BART police veteran Johannes Mehserle , who turned 27 on Monday and whose first child was born within a day or two of the shooting - an event that may be a contributing factor to why Mehserle has not yet explained the shooting to investigators .
Mehserle could not be reached for comment on Monday .
Officials have only said that Mehserle 's gun discharged , killing 22 - year - old Oscar Grant of Hayward .
He had been detained and forced to lie chest down on the ground at Oakland 's Fruitvale Station after 2 a.m. in the chaotic aftermath of a fight on BART on New Year 's Day .
BART has promised a thorough probe , and Alameda County prosecutors are investigating as well , as is standard in officer - involved shootings .
But the delay is troubling to John Burris , the Oakland attorney who is representing Grant 's family and who plans to file a $ 25 million damage claim today against the transit agency , a legal precursor to a civil lawsuit .
Burris is also calling for the officer to be charged criminally .
Burris , who has represented clients in more than a dozen officer - involved shootings , said he had never seen such a long delay before an officer makes a statement to investigators .
He said it raises the possibility that the statement could be affected by the video footage and by loss of memory , among other things .
" It 's pretty shocking to me , " Burris said .
" When you delay like this , it raises questions about the integrity of the investigation .
It raises the question , ' What has BART been doing ? '
You want to prevent collusion .
You want to prevent people from tailoring their statements to the evidence . "
BART spokesman Linton Johnson said Monday that Mehserle had not yet given a statement , but did not provide further details .
David E. Mastagni , an attorney for Mehserle , declined to comment on Monday .
Michael Rains , a Pleasant Hill attorney who has represented officers in use - of - force cases and taught courses on internal investigations , said the public should not read anything into the officer 's motives without knowing exactly what happened on the platform and what efforts BART investigators and prosecutors have made to arrange or compel an interview .
Rains also said he did not believe Mehserle 's statement would be tainted by a delay , even if he had seen video footage of the shooting .
However , Rains said police agencies typically move fast to probe officer - involved shootings that are generating controversy .
Often , he said , an officer will be asked to give a statement on the same day as the shooting .
Officers , like anyone else , have a right to remain silent when questioned in connection with possible criminal charges .
Rains said lawyers sometimes advise officers not to talk immediately due to their emotional state .
But police agencies can order an officer - under threat of firing - to speak to internal affairs investigators during a separate administrative probe .
Those investigators must decide if the officer should be disciplined for breaking agency rules .
" Typically when you have something that is controversial , agencies are in a hurry to get the investigation done , " Rains said .
" They want to get some answers out there .
They will usually rush into an administrative investigation . "
Rains added that he and his clients had " walked out of an interview room with ( criminal ) detectives only to be greeted by internal affairs investigators . "
Statements that officers make to internal affairs investigators cannot be used in criminal court , Rains said .
However , it is possible that the statements may be shown to prosecutors , who could gain an advantage even if they can't directly use the statements .
" No one can fault the officer and say he 's done something terrible because he invokes a constitutional right , " Rains said .
" If a law enforcement agency is n't compelling a statement right away , that 's not the officer 's fault either . "
While BART has said little publicly , a source familiar with the investigation said the agency is looking into many leads , including the possibility that the officer had intended to fire his Taser stun gun instead of his gun .
Don Cameron , a former BART police sergeant and weapons expert who now teaches police officers about proper use of force , said Monday that he had watched footage of Grant 's death and was convinced that the officer had meant to fire a Taser - a device that he said BART began using recently .
Footage taken from inside a BART car by a phone camera , first shown by KTVU television , shows officers forcing Grant to the ground and trying to hold him down .
One officer appears to try to put cuffs on him before drawing his weapon and firing .
In the video , Grant appears to struggle with the officers , though it is unclear exactly what he was doing .
Cameron said he made his conclusion based in part on the officer 's stance , and the fact that a second officer moved away from Grant just before he was shot , perhaps trying to avoid a second - hand shock .
" If someone was actively resisting , which it appeared this guy was , the device to use would be the Taser , to overcome his resistance , " Cameron said .
" The Taser is a great controlling device .
But if you grab the wrong device , you kill somebody . "
The shakeout among community banks accelerated , as regulators in the U.S. closed four institutions Friday , bringing total number of failed banks and savings and loans in 2009 to 13 .
The Nebraska Department of Banking and Finance closed
Sherman County Bank
of Loup City and appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. receiver .
The FDIC then sold all of the failed bank 's deposits and some of its assets to
Heritage Bank
, of Wood River , Neb .
Florida bank regulators shut down
Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast
of Cape Coral with the FDIC ( as receiver ) selling the failed institution 's retail deposits to
TIB Bank
of Naples , Fla .
TIB Bank is held by
TIB Financial Corp
( TIBB )
) .
State regulators seized
Corn Belt Bank and Trust
of Pittsfield , Ill .
The FDIC was named receiver and arranged for all of Corn Belt 's retail deposits to be taken over by
Carlinville National Bank
, of Carlinville , Ill .
Friday 's last failure was
Pinnacle Bank
of Beaverton , Ore. State regulators took over the bank and appointed the FDIC as receiver .
The bank 's deposits were then purchased by
Washington Trust Bank
of Spokane , Wash . , along with most of its assets .
Please see
The Street.com's
Bank Failure Roundup
for a summary of all previous bank and S&L failures during 2008 and 2009 .
Sherman County Bank
In a press release announcing the failure of Sherman County Bank , state regulators cited a previous order for the bank to raise more capital , and the institution 's failed efforts to do so .
The regulators provided no other information .
TheStreet.com Ratings
had assigned Sherman County Bank a D+ ( Weak ) financial strength rating in September .
Still , the closing of the institution was a surprise , because Sherman County Bank was still considered well capitalized under ordinary regulatory guidelines with a tier 1 leverage ratio of 8.96 % and a risk - based capital ratio of 10.74 % , as of Dec. 31 .
These ratios need to be at least 5 % and 10 % , respectively for a bank to be considered well capitalized , under ordinary circumstances .
The Dec. 31 data are still subject to revision , so it 's possible the available figures were incorrect .
Per the early Dec. 31 data , Sherman County Bank 's asset quality had improved over the previous four quarters , with nonperforming assets ( loans past due 90 days or more and repossessed real estate ) comprising just 0.56 % of total assets , and a ratio of net loan charge - offs to average loans of just 0.13 % of 2008 .
Sherman County Bank had total assets of about $ 130 million and $ 85 million in deposits .
All deposits , including any uninsured balances and brokered deposits , were assumed by Heritage Bank .
All four of Sherman County Bank 's offices , including those operating under the name of Howard County Bank , were set up reopen as branches of Heritage Bank on Tuesday , following the Monday observance of Presidents Day .
The FDIC estimate the cost to its insurance fund would be $ 28 million .
Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast
Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast had total assets of approximately $ 539 million and deposits of $ 424 million .
TheStreet.com Ratings
had assigned the institution an E- ( Very Weak ) financial strength rating in January , downgrading the institution from an E+ in September .
In June , the bank had received a D- ( Weak ) rating .
When
TheStreet.com
identified a partial list of 40
undercapitalized banks
based on preliminary regulatory data downloaded on Feb.
5 , Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast was highlighted as a critically undercapitalized institution , with a tier 1 leverage ratio of just 1.23 % , the second - lowest in the country .
The Cape Coral , Fla. institution 's problems sprang from an overconcentration in residential construction loans , which quickly soured when the residential housing boom in Florida went bust .
Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast charged off $ 32 million in nonperforming loans during 2008 .
Even after those losses , it had a nonperforming assets ratio of 10.52 % as of Dec. 31 .
Net losses totaling $ 49 million for 2008 had nearly wiped out the bank 's capital , and prospects for a capital infusion from private investors were dim .
While TIB Bank will acquire all retail deposits , with Riverside of the Gulf Coast 's nine offices reopening as TIB branches Tuesday , the failed bank 's $ 142.6 million in brokered deposits were not part of the transaction .
When a bank with brokered deposits fails , the FDIC asks the brokers to list their customers and deposit amounts .
Since brokered CDs are registered with a bank only in the name of the broker , the FDIC needs the brokers to provide detailed customer account information for the agency to cross-check with other broker lists and the bank 's retail deposits to make sure that a customer 's total deposits with the failed institution do n't exceed insurance limits .
It can take customers with brokered deposits a few weeks to get their money back .
Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast 's portfolio of soured construction loans , with projects in varying states of completion , are particularly unattractive to an acquiring institution , and the cost to the FDIC 's insurance fund will be relatively high .
TIB Bank is only acquiring about $ 125 million in the failed bank 's assets ( mainly cash and marketable securities ) , and the FDIC expects the cost to its insurance fund on the disposal of the remaining $ 414 million in assets to be $ 201.5 million .
Corn Belt Bank and Trust
Corn Belt Bank and Trust had $ 272 million in assets and $ 234 million in deposits as of Dec. 31 .
TheStreet.com Ratings
had assigned the bank an E - rating in January , a downgrade from the previous rating of D+. Corn Belt was also included on the recent partial list of
undercapitalized banks
, based on preliminary regulatory data downloaded on Feb .
5 .
The institution was considered significantly undercapitalized under regulatory guidelines , with tier 1 leverage and risk - based capital ratios of 2.04 % and 5.30 % , respectively , as of Dec. 31 .
The writing was on the wall for Corn Belt ever since its $ 19 third - quarter loan loss provision , to cover current and anticipated commercial loan charge - offs , wiped out two - thirds of its capital .
Carlinville National Bank was set to take over all of Corn Belt 's retail deposits , with the failed banks two branches to reopen under the Carlinville name on Tuesday .
Once again , brokered deposits were not acquired , and depositors should give their brokers a call .
This is another relatively high - cost failure for the FDIC .
Carlinville is taking over approximately $ 60.7 million of the failed banks assets .
The FDIC expects its cost on disposing of the roughly $ 211 million in remaining assets to be $ 100 million .
Pinnacle Bank
In its press release announcing the closing of Pinnacle Bank , Oregon regulators said the institution was insolvent and was facing liquidity problems from its reliance on brokered deposits .
TheStreet.com Ratings
had assigned Pinnacle an E- financial strength rating in January , a downgrade from a D- in September .
Nonperforming assets ( mainly nonaccruing commercial construction loans ) comprised 12.52 % of total assets as of Dec. 31 , and the institution did n't appear to have sufficient capital to ride out anticipated loan charge - offs .
Pinnacle Bank had $ 73 million in total assets and $ 64 million in deposits .
Washington Trust Bank is acquiring most of the assets and all the deposits , including any uninsured balances and brokered CDs .
The FDIC estimated the cost to its insurance fund would be $ 12.1 million .
Ratings
The four bank failures this week turned out well for retail depositors , since the FDIC was able to find banks willing to acquire all deposits , including uninsured balances .
However , depositors with CD accounts made through brokers will face the inconvenience of waiting for their brokers to provide the FDIC with the information required so the agency can return the money to the brokers .
These depositors may also face the prospect of getting a much lower rate on their next CD deposit , especially if they had locked in much higher rates through their brokers a few months back .
TheStreet.com Ratings
issues independent and very conservative financial strength ratings on each of the nation 's 8,500 banks and savings and loans which are available at no charge on the
Banks & Thrifts Screener
.
In addition , the Financial Strength Ratings for 4,000 life , health , annuity , and property / casualty insurers are available on the
Insurers & HMOs Screener
.
Philip W. van Doorn joined TheStreet.com Ratings . , Inc. , in February 2007 .
He is the senior analyst responsible for assigning financial strength ratings to banks and savings and loan institutions .
He also comments on industry and regulatory trends .
Mr. van Doorn has fifteen years experience , having served as a loan operations officer at Riverside National Bank in Fort Pierce , Florida , and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York , where he monitored banks in New York , New Jersey and Puerto Rico .
Mr. van Doorn has additional experience in the mutual fund and computer software industries .
He holds a Bachelor of Science in business administration from Long Island University .
Forget fighting over the vintage record collection , furniture or the house .
A Long Island surgeon embroiled in a nearly four - year divorce proceeding wants his estranged wife to return the kidney he donated to her , although he says he 'll settle for $ 1.5 million in compensation .
Dr. Richard Batista , a surgeon at Nassau University Medical Center , told reporters at his lawyer 's Long Island office Wednesday that he decided to go public with his demand for kidney compensation because he has grown frustrated with the negotiations with his estranged wife .
He claimed he has been prevented from seeing their children , ages , 8 , 11 and 14 , for months at a time .
" This is my last resort ; I did not want to do this publicly , " Batista said .
He said he gave his kidney to Dawnell Batista , now 44 , in June 2001 .
She filed for divorce in July 2005 , although he claims she began having an extramarital affair 18 months to two years after receiving the kidney transplant , his attorney , Dominick Barbara said .
Douglas Rothkopf , the attorney representing Dawnell Batista , did not return telephone calls seeking comment .
Matrimonial attorneys were quick to shoot down any possibility Batista would succeed .
" I 've been in this business over 40 years and I 've never heard of that , " said Seymour J. Reisman , a Long Island divorce lawyer .
" It 's not marital property , not a marital asset you can put a price tag on . "
Manhattan attorney Susan Moss said , " The good doctor is out of luck and out a kidney .
This is similar to cases where a husband wants to be repaid for the cost of breast implants and the such .
Our judges are not willing to value such assets , so to speak . "
Batista , 49 , said he has no regrets about donating the kidney , only about the failed marriage .
The couple was married in 1990 and lived in a million - dollar home in Massapequa .
They met while he was working at a hospital and she was training to be a nurse .
He still recalls the day after the surgery took place .
" There is no greater feeling on this planet .
As God is my witness , I felt as if I could put my arm around Jesus Christ .
It was an unbelievable ; I was walking on a cloud .
To this day I would still do it again . "
" Change " may be the word on everyone 's lips these days , but as Colin pointed out yesterday , " change " will likely come in theory faster than in practice .
To demonstrate that point , we need look no further than the US capitol , where Republican senators are playing partisan politics yet again .
You may recall that when congress approved a $ 700 billion dollar bailout package for the crumbling financial industry , it was agreed that the funds would be disbursed in two rounds .
Well , it 's time for the second $ 350 billion to go out , but the GOP is balking .
They 're not really worried about the financiers of America , though ; they 're more concerned that a portion of the $ 350 billion would make its way into the coffers of the Big 3 .
Again .
Headlining the GOP brigade is , of course , none other than disgraced john Louisiana senator David Vitter , who 's essentially called the bailout irresponsible .
( You can insert your own ironic pun here . )
That 's not to say that Vitter and his Republican pals do n't have the right to disagree .
In fact , there 's something laudable about the fact that they 're insisting on accountability .
Unfortunately , their positioning is mostly for show , and I 'm pretty sure that if the tables were turned and the GOP held a Senate majority , I 'd be writing about a Democratic blockade today .
Of course , we all know that everyone will eventually figure out a way to save face .
The posturing will end , and the funds will be disbursed .
Putting a complete stop to the bailout dollars would spell disaster for not only American automakers , but also the financial industry and the country as a whole .
Vitter & Co. are just doing this long enough to make their point .
Which sounds less like " change " and more like the political system we 've been living with for a good long while .
UPDATE : Crisis averted .
-- Richard Read
[ AutoNews ]
Want to have syntax highlighting for your Perl 6 code ?
Want to have call - tips showing the documentation of each Perl 6 function as you type your code ?
Want to have syntax highlighting for STD .pm the definition of Perl 6 ?
read about v0.25 of Padre : : Plugin:: Perl6
THERE is a rather pressing banking question which could use adjudication , if the Treasury is going to do right by America 's financial system and its economy .
What , exactly , was the matter with Japan 's banks ?
How did policy fail , leading to the dread " lost decade " ?
In one corner , we have Paul Krugman and Adam Posen .
Mr Krugman cites Mr Posen in a blog post today , saying :
The guarantees that the US government has already extended to the banks in the last year , and the insufficient ( though large ) capital injections without government control or adequate conditionality also already given under TARP , closely mimic those given by the Japanese government in the mid-1990s to keep their major banks open without having to recognize specific failures and losses .
The result then , and the emerging result now , is that the banks ’ top management simply burns through that cash , socializing the losses for the taxpayer , grabbing any rare gains for management payouts or shareholder dividends , and ending up still undercapitalized .
Pretending that distressed assets are worth more than they actually are today for regulatory purposes persuades no one besides the regulators , and just gives the banks more taxpayer money to spend down , and more time to impose a credit crunch .
These , in Mr Krugman 's words , are , " [ Z ] ombie banks , unable to supply the credit the economy needs " .
The problem is that the economy will stagnate without a functioning banking system .
Government transfers to the financial system , to date , are far too small to make the banks whole , and transfers of sufficient size would represent an enormous giveaway to shareholders .
The solution , in this case , is nationalisation .
In a second corner we have Richard Caballero , Anil Kashyap , and Takeo Hoshi , who argue that the big problem with Japanese banks was not that they could not provide adequate credit to the economy , but that they continued to supply credit to the economy when they should n't have .
In a paper titled , " Zombie lending and depressed restructuring in Japan " , they write :
This paper explores the role that misdirected bank lending played in prolonging the Japanese macroeconomic stagnation that began in the early 1990s .
The investigation focuses on the widespread practice of Japanese banks of continuing to lend to otherwise insolvent firms .
We document the prevalence of this forbearance lending and show its distorting effects on healthy firms that were competing with the impaired firms ...
Aside from a couple of crisis periods when regulators were forced to recognize a few insolvencies and temporarily nationalize the offending banks , the banks were surprisingly unconstrained by the regulators .
The problem is that zombie banks kept credit flowing to " zombie borrowers " .
Without good investment opportunities available ( given economic conditions ) these loans merely propped up failing firms .
In this case , the banks do n't pose a threat to the economy via the credit crunch route .
Instead , the main concern is the systemic risk posed by failure .
The solution is to dispense with the bad banks in such a way as to protect the rest of the financial system — either by nationalisation sans debt cramdowns , or by otherwise carving out bad assets from insolvent banks , or by propping up bad banks until they can earn their way out of insolvency .
And in a third corner , we have Martin Wolf and Richard Koo .
They argue that the root of the Japanese lost decade was n't the banks at all — it was household debt .
Mr Wolf writes :
Most of the decline in Japanese private spending and borrowing in the 1990s was , argues Mr Koo , due not to the state of the banks , but to that of their borrowers .
This was a situation in which , in the words of John Maynard Keynes , low interest rates – and Japan ’s were , for years , as low as could be – were “ pushing on a string ” .
Debtors kept paying down their loans .
The problem is that households will neuter monetary policy by working to pay down their unmanageable debts .
Banks are not an issue at all , so long as they are n't threatening the financial system by failing .
The solution here is too prevent systemic collapse as cheaply as possible .
In all likelihood , this involves propping up bad banks until they can earn their way out of insolvency , and engaging in large scale fiscal policy to avoid a debt - deflation spiral .
There is a great deal of angst coursing through the economics blogosphere over the Treasury 's new bail - out plan — whether it 's appropriately crafted , and too small or too large .
But it 's not clear to me that we have even effecitively identified the problem .
Perhaps it 's time to take a step back and revisit just what we think has gone wrong with the banking system .
Learn Everything You Need to
Know About The Arm Muscles
Learn the Best Arm Exercises
And and Get Free Arm Workouts
This site will teach you all you need to know about the best arm exercises , arm workouts , and arm stretches .
All - About - Arm-Exercises.com is The Ultimate Upper Body Website .
You 'll find everything you need to know about upper body exercises , upper body workouts , and upper body stretches .
This website is a great resource .
Learn ...
The Best Back Exercises for Men and Women
The Best Bicep Exercises for Men and Women
The Best Chest Exercises for Men and Women
The Best Rotator Cuff Exercises for Men and Women
The Best Shoulder Exercises for Men and Women
The Best Tricep Exercises for Men and Women
On this site you can get tips to build big biceps and lean muscle on your arms .
You can also get tips to get rid of flabby arms and exercises to tone your triceps and biceps .
You can also find rotator cuff exercises to help prevent shoulder pain and also increase your upper body stability and strength .
The rotator cuff is often neglected in fitness programs , and rotator cuff injuries are among the most common over - use injuries for gym - goers who lift weights .
The same bicep and tricep exercises can be great for men and women .
All arm exercises can be used by everyone , but you can get different effects depending on how many sets and reps you perform .
Rest period and intensity also influence the results from the arm workout .
Browse the site to learn different arm exercises and try the free arm workouts .
There are chest workouts , back workouts , bicep workouts , and tricep workouts .
If you have questions about best arm exercises , you 'll find answers here .
Have fun browsing this site .
Yours in Health ,
Charles Inniss Physical Therapist / Personal Trainer
Join Us on Facebook
Turn Your Body Into a Fat Burning Furnace
Guys get lean !
Ladies Get Skinny !
Learn how to lose weight fast and keep it off permanently by turning your body into a fat burning furnace .
Поиск по пользователя м
Для создания котоматрицы не нужно иметь каких - то особых навыков , все очень и очень просто !
Итак , для создания котоматрицы потребуется :
- фотография с любым смешным животным ;
- немного фантазии и юмора .
Как создать котоматрицу :
- берем смешную фотографию ;
- накладываем на нее смешной текст и... готово !
Sony PlayStation 4 rumours suggest Intel may be producing the graphics processing unit , though Sony is quick to shoot down the reports
Sony Computer Entertainment has moved quickly to deny the latest rumours that Intel will be producing the graphics processing unit ( GPU ) for the PS4 .
The Inquirer published an exclusive report this week , based on conversations with un-named Sony reps at CES , claiming that for the " PS4 , XBox3 and Wii2 , it looks like Intel is in , Nvidia is out . "
Nvidia out , Intel in ?
The report continued : " Yeah , Intel won the PS4 GPU , no shock considering how much they needed a console win to get people coding for Larrabee . "
" The nice Sony engineering lady at CES told us that Intel essentially bought the win , a theoretically good architecture , no imminent threats of going bust , and not being hated by Sony all contributed too .
With a couple of deliverables satisfied , the PS4 GPU belongs to Intel .
" No word if this is going to be the entire architecture , CPU as well , or not .
That , from what we are told , is not final yet . "
Intel leaning towards x86 for PS3 CPU ?
The Inquirer continues to speculate about the PS4's CPU , suggesting that Intel " would seem to be leaning toward x86 . "
This is all , of course , pure rumour and speculation right now .
TechRadar spoke with a Sony Computer Entertainment Europe rep who told us in no uncertain terms , " it 's nonsense , and is quite possibly the best work of fiction I 've read , since Lord of the Rings . "
So there we go .
Let the rumour and speculation about the PS4's CPU and GPU begin !
How to recover a lost password
Summary Starting with v2.04 , Private Disk has a new feature – password recovery .
Its purpose is to give you a chance to access the encrypted files if the password was somehow forgotten .
The option is located on the " Recovery " tab of the main window .
Switch to that tab , and click " Password " , choose the character set and the length of the password , then click " Ok " to open the password recovery window .
How it works
The program performs a so - called " brute - force attack " , trying all the possible combinations of characters , until the correct keyword is found .
From the mathematical point of view , the program performs an enormous amount of operations , to be exact n^k operations ; where n is the length of the character set , and k is the length of the password .
Q&A
Is there a risk that a third party person will use the password recovery tool to break my password and access all my private data ?
The risk is dramatically minimized , provided that you follow our recommendations on choosing a strong password .
OK , but still , anyone who has enough patience can access my files .
Does n't that make the encryption useless ?
No , it does not .
The complexity of the 256 - bit AES encryption algorithm is a good shield against that .
Let 's study a simple example .
The password is " mypass " , it has a length of 6 characters , and it uses 5 distinct letters .
If you try to crack your own password , there will be 5^6=15626 options to choose from .
By making the password one character longer ( adding one of the letters already in use ) , the figure changes , 5^7=78125 .
As you can see , a small increment of the input leads to the tremendous growth of the output .
Graphically , it looks like this :
From the attacker 's point of view , the situation is totally different .
The person does n't know the characters you used , hence they will probably assume that small letters were applied .
This means that there will be 26^6=308915776 attempts .
If you make the password one character longer , the previous value increases to 8031810176 ( adding 7722894400 more operations ! )
Length 23 characters 63 characters
5 1h 50 m 6d
6 1d 20h 1yr
7 46d 68yrs
8 3.3yrs 4032yrs
9 90yrs 252000yrs
10 2304 …
… … …
16 1872000 yrs …
26 characters – the small letters of the English alphabet 63 characters – small letters , caps , digits , space Note , that the values are halved , in order to reflect the average situation - an attacker may find the password without having to try all the values .
As you can see - the time intervals are far beyond the human potential .
Therefore , we conclude that the password can be found in a short time only if the brute - force attack is conducted by the owner of the files - the person who knows which symbols are used , this will effectively cut off a lot of redundant computations .
Another important aspect is that the brute - force attack will only look for passwords of the specified length .
In other words , if you set the length to 7 characters , the program will not examine shorter passwords , gradually increasing the length until it equals 7 .
This significantly reduces the attacker 's chance to find the password .
The person will have to perform several attacks , and if they are unsuccessful , it is unclear whether the problem was in the length , or in the symbols that were not included in the character set .
This makes it even more complicated .
An attacker will have a lot of planning to do before actually telling the computer to perform the attack .
On the other hand - it is a quick solution for the authentic owner of the files , since the correct length is known .
Ok then , I understood that a well - chosen password is an efficient security - measure , but how do I know which passwords are good and which are not ?
Examine our recommendations on choosing a strong password : 1 . You need to choose a password that ’s long enough .
There ’s no minimum password length everyone agrees on , but you should generally go for passwords that are a minimum of 12 to 14 characters in length .
A longer password would be even better .
2 . Include Numbers , Symbols , Capital Letters , and Lower - Case Letters :
Use a mix of different types of characters to make the password harder to crack .
3 . Do n't choose a Dictionary Word or Combination of Dictionary Words .
Any word on its own is bad .
Any combination of a few words , especially if they ’re obvious , is also bad .
4 . Do n’t Rely on Obvious Substitutions :
Do n’t use common substitutions , either — for example , “ passw0rd ” is n’t strong just because you ’ve replaced an o with a 0 .
Are there any other things that play an important role , other than the complexity of the password ?
Yes .
A complex password can be easily spotted if someone watches you while typing it very slow .
Therefore you must make sure that there are no people behind your back when you type , and do your best to type fast and correct - so that you will not need more than one attempt to enter the password ( this will give " anonymous watchers " a second chance ) .
Another measure is to keep the password in your memory and not on a separate piece of paper in your pocket , or any location other than your head ..
You should not mention it to anyone either .
Why did you implement this password recovery feature anyway ?
Fighting harassment in the online world is a tricky problem , as is dealing with a diverse community .
Sony found this out firsthand when there was a backlash against Home , its free online service , when it was discovered that the very words " gay " and " Jew " were deemed too offensive to be uttered .
Now Xbox
Live is in the spotlight , as a woman was banned , and harassed , simply for noting she was a lesbian in her profile .
" I had a similar incident , " the woman wrote to the Consumerist , after reading about a man banned for having the word " gay " in his profile .
" Only my account was suspended because I had said in my profile that I was a lesbian .
I was harassed by several players , ' chased ' to different maps / games to get away from their harassment .
They followed me into the games and told all the other players to turn me in because they did n't want to see that crap or their kids to see that crap . "
Ars Technica contacted Microsoft for comment on this story .
The company 's response sounded more like a zero tolerance policy than actual thought .
" As stated in the Xbox LIVE Terms of Use , a member may not create a gamertag or use text in other profile fields that include comments that look , sound like , stand for , hint at , abbreviate , or insinuate content of a potentially sexual nature , " we were told .
" Profiles that do are asked to change the language and suspended until changes are made .
In regards to sexual orientation , for gamertags or profiles we do not allow expression of any type of orientation , be that hetero or other .
Players can , however , self identify in voice communication where context is more easily explained to all players involved . "
So you can't say that you 're straight or gay , although it sounds like this happened because a large group of people organized to complain about her description , rather than Microsoft 's choosing to scour profiles for mention of sexuality .
Apparently , some Xbox Live community members found the sexuality mention to be inappropriate for children , but there 's a lot else on Xbox live that 's not suitable for young ones .
" As if Xbox live is really appropriate for kids anyways ! " the victim wrote .
" My account was suspended and Xbox live did nothing to solve this , but instead said others found it offensive . "
Microsoft is stressing its policy on harassment ; after saying that harassment was not tolerated in any form on Xbox Live , we were quickly sent another e-mail to drive the point home .
" [ We ] just wanted to reemphasize that we take any harassment seriously and would encourage the woman mentioned in the Consumerist story to come forward and report the harassment so that we can take action against those individuals , " the company representative told Ars .
Online communities like Xbox Live and Home are incredibly hard to police , and while this sort of bigoted behavior may be suppressed in real life for fear of physical reprisals or the disdain of coworkers and friends , the anonymity of the Internet means that people are free to let their hatefulness run wild , with little to no repercussions .
The policy that forbids disclosure of sexual identity — a kind of gaming " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy — is not the optimal solution , but it 's going to be hard to come up with an alternative that will make most people happy .
SHOULD executives get to keep lavish pay packages when the profits that generated their compensation go up in smoke ?
As the financial crisis deepens , what might have been a philosophical question is now the topic of the day .
With losses mounting at the nation ’s largest financial institutions , years of earnings have been erased , investors have lost billions , thousands of employees have been let go , and taxpayers have been tapped to rescue the financial system .
But executives who helped set the problems in motion , or ignored them as they mounted , are still doing fine .
Humbled , perhaps , but well paid for their anguish .
Executives at seven major financial institutions that have collapsed , were sold at distressed prices or are in deep to the taxpayer received $ 464 million in performance pay since 2005 , according to an analysis performed for The New York Times .
Almost half of that consisted of cash compensation .
Yet these firms have reported losses of $ 107 billion since 2007 , a result of their own missteps and the ensuing economic downturn .
And $ 740 billion in stock market value has been lost since these companies ’ shares peaked in 2007 , just before the housing bubble burst .
After a two - year campaign of letter - writing , tabling , flyering , educational events , and even electing a member onto the Student Senate , Take Back NYU !
decided to occupy the 3rd floor dining hall in Kimmel .
Our demands are as follows :
Amnesty for all parties involved .
Full compensation for all employees whose jobs were disrupted during the course of the occupation .
Public release of NYU ’s annual budget and endowment .
Allow student workers ( including T.A. ’s ) to collectively bargain .
A fair labor contract for all NYU employees at home and abroad .
A Socially Responsible Finance Committee that will immediately investigate war profiteers and the lifting of the Coke ban .
Annual scholarships be provided for thirteen Palestinian students .
That the university donates all excess supplies and materials in an effort to rebuild the University of Gaza .
Tuition stabilization for all students , beginning with the class of 2012 .
Tuition rates for each successive year will not exceed the rate of inflation .
The university shall meet 100 % of government - calculated student financial need .
That student groups have priority when reserving space in the buildings owned or leased by New York University , including , and especially , the Kimmel Center .
That the general public have access to Bobst Library .
What you can do :
Come support the occupation , inside or outside !
We ’ll be inside all night .
Send a letter to the administration in solidarity !
*
Tell the world !
Send an e-mail to your professors , peers , listservs , facebook groups , etc !
Talk to your friends !
Movie review : Do n't waste money on ' The Spirit '
The Spirit ( Gabriel Macht , left ) , Morgenstern ( Stana Katic ) and Dolan ( Dan Lauria ) in THE SPIRIT .
The Spirit ( Gabriel Macht , left ) , Morgenstern ( Stana Katic ) and Dolan ( Dan Lauria ) in THE SPIRIT .
Photo : Lionsgate / Odd Lot Entertainment Photo : Lionsgate / Odd Lot Entertainment Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Movie review : Do n't waste money on ' The Spirit ' 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
J
The Spirit : Action adventure .
Starring Gabriel Macht , Eva Mendes , Samuel L. Jackson and Scarlett Johansson .
Directed by Frank Miller .
( PG - 13 . 103 minutes .
At Bay Area theaters . )
Frank Miller will survive this disaster .
Miller 's distinction as one of the all - time best comic book writers is strong enough to withstand his role in making one of the worst comic book movies ever .
After all , Sidney Poitier directed Bill Cosby in " Ghost Dad , " and even that cinematic atrocity could n't undo his work in " Lilies of the Field . "
But just because writer - director Miller will walk away from " The Spirit , " based on Will Eisner 's groundbreaking comic strip , with his reputation more or less intact does n't mean that you will .
There will be relationships that end because of this film , which ties with " Wild Wild West " as the worst first - date movie of all time .
Even in these lean economic times , I would guess that somewhere between 25 and 35 percent of each audience will walk out before the movie is over .
Throwing your $ 10.25 down a storm drain is a better idea ; at least that way you wo n't feel the added self - loathing of wasting more than an hour and a half of your life watching Eva Mendes in the worst acting job of her career .
Yes , worse than " Ghost Rider . "
And yet her performance does n't even rank in the top 150 problems with this film , which features a nearly indestructible crime fighter named the Spirit and his confusing and boring adventures .
Because of the space limitations of the newspaper medium , here 's a random sampling :
Problem No. 148 : The Spirit 's costume .
You have never seen a more poorly accessorized superhero .
He appears to be wearing black skater shoes with white soles and a thin red tie like ones that Spandau Ballet might have worn to the " Do They Know It 's Christmas " sessions .
As for his cheap - looking black mask , you could make a better one in five minutes with a Raiders jersey , a pair of scissors and some rubber cement .
Problem No. 111 : Samuel L. Jackson .
Jackson plays the Octopus , a really cool villain from the Spirit comic .
In the strip , readers never see more than his gloves , making him a mysterious and scary guy .
In the movie , he 's simply Samuel L. Jackson .
You know , the " Snakes on a Plane " / " Lakeview Terrace " / And - you - will - know - my - name - is - the - Lord - when - I - lay - my - vengeance - upon - thee persona that is quickly becoming a joke .
It 's time to rent " Jungle Fever " again to remember why we used to like this guy .
Problem No. 110 : The dialogue .
Here 's an actual quote from the Octopus in the movie : " There 's nothing I like better than kicking your ass ... except maybe eggs . "
What does that even mean ?
Problem No. 75 : The misogynist themes .
Hey , I appreciate a sexist plot turn as much as the next guy .
Bring on the " Porky 's " remake .
But does every woman in this movie have to pine hopelessly after our hero ?
And does he have to treat them all like dirt ?
Miller 's next film better be a Gloria Steinem biopic .
Problem No. 34 : The laptops and cell phones .
Every part of this movie 's dialogue and look seems to be an attempt to re-create the 1940s - at least until someone 's Nokia cell phone starts ringing .
Was wireless coverage really that good during the Truman administration ?
Problem No. 5 : The PG - 13 rating .
After you 've watched the stylized cinematic carnage and mayhem in " Sin City " and " 300 , " both excellent movies made from Miller graphic novels , the action in this movie seems extremely bloodless and limp .
True , it 's modeled after a comic strip that appeared in family newspapers .
But they included a copy machine in the 1940s ; would it seem so strange to have some R - rated violence as well ?
All of this is coming from someone who thinks Miller is a genius .
The Dark Knight Returns is one of the three or four best comic books of all time .
And yet Miller 's track record for writing movies was already suspect ( he also wrote " Robocop 2 " and " Robocop 3 " ) .
Nearly every move he makes in " The Spirit " is misguided .
Like the way seemingly simple things are ruined , including the audio effects , which sound as if they were borrowed from the local Wacky Morning Zoo radio program .
Or the way that Jackson wears a hat like Jed Clampett from " The Beverly Hillbillies . "
Or the way that every scene looks as if it was done in one take ...
Right about now you might be getting kind of curious .
Could it really be that bad ?
Has a film finally been made that 's worse than " Highlander II : The Quickening " ?
Give Miller some credit .
He did n't make the worst movie of all time .
But that 's about the best thing that can be said for " The Spirit . "
-- Advisory :
This film contains brief nudity , sexual situations , violence and a buttocks - on - the - copy machine sequence that should not be repeated during your holiday work party .
Afro-Punk Scene , Inspired By Santogold , TV On The Radio And More , Explodes Into A Multi-Genre Movement
James Spooner , like a lot of kids growing up in Southern California in the 1990s , was into punk rock .
But unlike most of the kids in the scene , he 's black .
Sometimes , this posed a problem .
" I was in this tiny desert town that was pretty much all white , and the punk scene was very racist , " he recalled .
" You would go to shows and it was blatantly white power , swastikas , all of that . "
But when he moved to New York during high school , Spooner found " a gang of black kids " just like him .
For the first time in his life , " I could be who I wanted to be , " he said .
" [ They ] made it OK for me , you know ? "
The fundamental contradiction of black kids feeling left out of rock — which from its very beginning was based on black music — has played a large role in the creation of Afro - Punk .
And while there have been many black artists who have been embraced by white rock fans , from Little Richard to Sly and the Family Stone to the [ artist id = " 308 " ]
Bad Brains [ / artist ] , the Afro- Punk movement has found fans bonding and creating communities , organizing shows and shooting films in a whole new way .
Afro-Punk has gone from the name of a message board to a movement in less than five years — and the scene just keeps growing .
Before the 2000s , Spooner said , " there were no black bands in the mainstream doing anything alternative . "
Sure , bands like the Bad Brains , [ artist id = " 354 " ]
Fishbone [ / artist ] and [ artist id = " 729 " ]
Living Colour [ / artist ] had set an example for the younger generation — and the Black Rock Coalition was formed during the 1980s — but the success of the mostly black group [ artist id = " 1236818 " ]
TV on the Radio [ / artist ] has crashed the door open for the movement .
Now , British rockers the [ artist id =" 1784388 " ]
Noisettes [ / artist ] and singers [ artist id = " 2990655 " ]
Santogold [ / artist ] and [ artist id = " 2045922 " ]
Janelle Monáe [ / artist ] are poster children for the movement , even though the artists in the scene sound completely different .
When we checked in with Afro - Punk promoters Kaos Blac and Rape Whistle , they rattled off a mind - spinningly diverse list of bands .
It includes :
Game Rebellion
Brooklyn rockers who meld punk , metal and hip - hop with a rudeboy ' tude .
[ url id = " http://www.theapes.com/ " ]
The Apes[ / url ]
A Washington , D.C. , psych - rock foursome who masters a balance between goofiness and raw power .
[ url id = " http://www.myspace.com/ebonybones " ]
Ebony Bones [ /url ]
This former UK TV star makes truly danceable post - punk electro - pop and [url id = " http://splashpage.mtv.com/2008/08/25/myspace-phenom-ebony-bones-borrows-name-from-dc-universe/ " ] loves comics as much as we do [ / url ] .
[ url id = " http://www.wholewheatbread.net " ]
Whole Wheat Bread [ / url ]
An old - school - style punk band that has worked with Rancid and Lil Jon .
[ url id = " http://www.vvbrown.com " ]
VV Brown [ /url ]
A British songstress who mixes doo - wop and pop , and whose latest video is for her song [ url id = " http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3-Q4T7bC2c " ]" Crying Blood . " [ /url ]
[ url id = " http://www.myspace.com/tamarkali "]
Tamar Kali[ /url ]
A hardcore - tinged rocker who 's become a favorite on New York 's downtown music scene , her debut LP , Black Bottom , will be released next summer .
So how did this thriving movement become a scene in the first place ?
T - Kali knows from joining Spooner on the road , when he was shooting his " Afro - Punk " documentary in 2001 .
[ flipbook id =" 1601278 " ]
( She 's on the cover of the DVD — check her out in our photo gallery , along with some of our favorite Afro - Punk moments here . ) [ / flipbook ]
" To this day , I always get messages on MySpace from people saying , ' I saw you ! ' " she said .
" That 's a wonderful thing . "
Spooner 's doc , which debuted in 2003 at the Toronto Film Festival , also featured TV on the Radio as well as bands such as [ video id = " 326103 " ]
Cipher [ / video ] , in his attempt to document " the other black experience . "
It continues , five years later , to screen at festivals .
" The film surprisingly has legs that a lot of other films do n't , " Spooner said .
" I just did two screenings last month .
The film continues to reach new people . "
Part of that reach extends online .
" Afro - Punk " the documentary inspired the messageboard AfroPunk.com , and from the fan discussion there , Spooner realized that they could turn the desire for Afro - Punk shows into a music festival , which now happens annually .
One of the first shows Spooner did was an afterparty for one of the documentary screenings , so he reached out to the band Stiffed ( the band formerly led by Santi White , who is now known as Santogold ) via manager Matthew Morgan , " and he was like , ' No problem — we 'll do it for free , ' " Spooner said .
As the popularity of Santogold and other artists loosely associated with the scene has grown , Afro-Punk has exploded beyond its musical definition , even including Grammy - nominated Bad Boy recording artist Janelle Monáe , whose music can hardly be considered traditionally punk ( she 's opened for Nas and has been called " the female version of Prince " by Fall Out Boy 's Pete Wentz ) .
" I felt it was my duty as an artist and as a young African - American woman to support Afro- Punk , " Monáe told us at the [url id = " http://newsroom.mtv.com/2008/07/07/janelle-monae-demonstrates-the-afro-punk-attitude-in-formal-attire// " ]
Afro-Punk Festival last summer [ / url ] .
" I think it 's very important to let people know that we 're not all the same .
Diversity needs to be promoted more ... I love being in that environment , and that is something I am trying to promote . "
Some of the bands associated with Afro - Punk — like Santogold — helped support the scene and increase its visibility simply by showing up .
Others who are n't associated , like Lupe Fiasco , helped out just by singing about subjects like skateboarding .
" Lupe was able to , in one song , propel the idea of black kids skateboarding into a whole new generation , " Spooner said .
" That 's all out of [ video id = " 280211 " ] ' Kick , Push .'[ / video ] "
Spooner 's since handed off the Afro - Punk torch to Morgan , who has taken the lead in managing the bands , running the Web site and promoting the annual festival .
" He had a big vision , " Spooner said .
The Afro-Punk brand now plays a key role in events like CMJ and South by Southwest , partnering with those larger festivals with the goal of introducing a lineup of bands to a diverse audience who might not have discovered them otherwise .
Morgan plans to make the festival a national one next year , and to tour Africa in 2010 .
" A festival in Africa is a really important step for us , " he said .
" We want to spread that sense of freedom . "
Technology has helped , Spooner pointed out .
" iPods change the way we listen to music , " he said .
" [ With shuffling , ] genre after genre , they all start blending together . "
Still , that blending does n't erase all racial boundaries .
Spooner said part of the reason the scene is growing is because the issues addressed in the film are still affecting young people .
Punk shows are still mostly white , and black rock fans
[ url id = " http://www.wnyc.org/radiorookies/globalkids/adams.html " ] may not always get the most positive reaction in the black community [ / url ] .
And even with Afro - Punk 's growing popularity , some of the bands associated with it do n't like to talk about it publicly for fear of losing their white audience , Spooner said .
Could that be due to the scene 's growing pains as it wavers between DIY and the mainstream ?
Or does it make Afro- Punk more needed than ever before ?
" We will have succeeded when Afro - Punk is no longer relevant , " Spooner said .
" Clearly we are not there yet , but I 'd like to believe that we are on our way .
When that day comes , there will no doubt be a 14 - year - old kid who flips off Afro - Punk and says , ' I 'm starting my own thing , ' and that 's what they should do .
I think that 's the nature of scenes , and I would n't be mad at them .
I would be like , ' Can I come to your show ? ' "
Photographers Bashira Webb , Richard Louissant and Ed Marshall Photography NYC contributed to this gallery and their sites are great sources for more Afro - Punk photography .
As I briefly mentioned before , I 've been moving this website over to CouchDB , after Mikeal sold me on how awesome it is .
Unfortunately , as it's still such a new database , and as it approaches the database problem from such a different angle , it 's not supported by Django , my framework of choice for web development .
Several people have moved their Django sites across though , and I was n't about to be left behind .
What immediately struck me was how well the CouchDB architecture fits with Django - a CouchDB Document is simply a collection of key value pairings , which is pretty much how Python stores attributes in a object or dictionary .
It 's trivial therefore to simply marshall your python objects into CouchDB documents .
Although CouchDB is a schemaless database , it is still useful to have some notion of classes or types .
The python CouchDB wrapper is still pretty immature and lacks a lot of documentation , so the only real way to get a proper feel for how it works is to go through the code , and it was as I was exploring it I found schema.py , a class specifically designed for this problem .
What was even more useful was the similarities with the Django ORM .
I managed to port my old models across with only a tiny amount of modification to the code - instead of extending django.db.models .
Model , you extend couchdb.schema.Document , and instead of ManyToMany relationships , you can put your data in a List field .
Most of the rest of my models could be kept exactly the same .
The schemaless nature of the database was still available - I wanted to have a separate type for photos on my homepage then for essays , so I created a generic Article type and then extended it for my photos .
This allowed me to override the content field with the following :
content = models .
Text Field ( default = " " )
@property def content ( self ) : return get_template ( " photo_to_blog.html " ) .render ( Context ( {' photo ' : self} ) )
Became
Rather than have to store the html for a photo , I can generate it on the fly with a template - this means when I update the structure of the photo html , I do n't have to go back and change the database .
CouchDB allows me to only store the content field when I need , and my page templates wo n't know the difference .
Problems
I 've already hit a few issues .
One that confused me a lot was when I tried to use the Django Paginator with my new CouchDB models .
The schema code allows you to attach Couch DB views to a model .
When I tried to get the results from the view to paginate I got a paginator with the correct length , but an empty objects list .
The problem lies in the way the python couchdb library wraps result sets .
It implements slicing as between the couchdb indices , rather than the list indices as Django and I expected .
I threw a quick hacky patch together to make this work , but it could do with some love :
--- a/couchdb/client.py +++ b/couchdb/client.py @@ - 713,8 +713,6 @@ class ViewResults ( object ) : def getitem ( self , key ) : options = self.options.copy ( ) if type ( key ) is slice : - if isinstance ( key.start , int ) and isinstance ( key.stop , int ) : - return list ( self ) [ key.start:key.stop ] if key . start is not None : options [ ' startkey ' ] = key .
start if key .
stop is not None :
Another issue was that schema .py did n't actually seem to be wrapping the values that it got back from the database .
Maybe I was using it wrong or maybe it 's just because the library is young , but another hacky patch :
--- a/couchdb/schema.py +++ b/couchdb/schema.py @@ - 164,6 +164,11 @@ class Schema ( object ) : def wrap ( cls , data ) : instance = cls( ) + + for k , v in data.items ( ) : + if v and k in instance._fields.keys ( ) : + data[k ] = instance._fields[k]._to_python( v ) + instance._data = data return instance wrap = classmethod ( wrap )
I 'm sure that I 'm going to hit a whole lot more issues before I can merge my branch down to the live site , but I 've been surprised how nicely the technologies mesh so far .
The Nylon Magazine x Nike Sportswear Dunk High kicks are really making it ’s round during New York Fashion Week .
The first pair we spotted was a yellow pair outside of Donna Karan on Monday .
Last night at the Erin Wasson x RVCA Fall 2009 Collection presentation we spotted someone rockin’ a green pair .
This time we can officially confirm that the letters on the kicks do spell out “ NYLON ” .
This time it was n’t a “ cool girl ” that was in the Dunks but a “ cool guy ” .
Can you guess who ?
Are you lovin ’ these Dunks so far , which color do you prefer - pink , green or yellow ?
The Dunks wo n’t be available until June 2009 , but further details will be available in Nylon ’s April issue .
Stay tuned for more info forthcoming …
Find out who was rockin’ the Dunk High after the jump …
More pics after the jump …
If you guessed Mark “ The Cobrasnake ” you ’re right on !
NOTE : Stay tuned for the pictures for the Erin Wasson x RVCA Fall 2009 Collection presentation soon !
In the meantime check out the video we shot of the collection , be sure to watch till the end b/c Erin will pop-in !
# NYFW
You may be thinking that no automated read - aloud function can compete with the dulcet resonance of Jim Dale reading “ Harry Potter ” or of authors , ahem , reading themselves .
But the voices of Kindle 2 are quite listenable .
There ’s even a male version and a female version .
( A book by , say , Norman Mailer on Kindle 2 might do a brisk business among people wondering how his prose would sound in measured feminine tones . )
And that sort of technology is improving all the time .
I.B.M. has patented a computerized voice that is said to be almost indistinguishable from human ones .
This voice is programmed to include “ ums , ” “ ers ” and sighs , to cough for attention , even to “ shhh ” when interrupted .
According to Andy Aaron , of I.B.M. ’s Thomas J. Watson research group speech team : “ These sounds can be incredibly subtle , even unnoticeable , but have a profound psychological effect .
It can be extremely reassuring to have a more attentive - sounding voice . ”
When I read that quotation , it hit me :
Hey , I know Andy Aaron .
Years ago , he said he was working on some sort of voice simulation , and asked to work my Southern accent into the mix .
I do n’t remember whether we got around to that or not , and this new I.B.M. software is designed , at any rate , not for audio books but for computer help lines .
So no part of my voice is competing with my own audio books yet .
But people who want to keep on doing creative things for a living must be duly vigilant about any new means of transmitting their work .
What the guild is asserting is that authors have a right to a fair share of the value that audio adds to Kindle 2 ’s version of books .
For this , the guild is being assailed .
On the National Federation of the Blind ’s Web site , the guild is accused of arguing that it is illegal for blind people to use “ readers , either human or machine , to access books that are not available in alternative formats like Braille or audio . ”
In fact , publishers , authors and American copyright laws have long provided for free audio availability to the blind and the guild is all for technologies that expand that availability .
( The federation , though , points out that blind readers can’t independently use the Kindle 2 ’s visual , on - screen controls . )
But that does n’t mean Amazon should be able , without copyright - holders ’ participation , to pass that service on to everyone .
More than a month after Microsoft issued an emergency patch for a Windows vulnerability that allows for self - replicating exploits , researchers have spotted a wave of new attacks in the wild that target the critical flaw .
Exploits of MS08-067 have been reported on and off since Microsoft issued the patch in late October , but over the past week , the volume and sophistication of the attacks have grown , according to Ziv Mador , a researcher in Microsoft 's Malware Protection Center .
His assessment was echoed in reports issued this week by anti-virus providers McAfee and Symantec , the latter which ratcheted up its ThreatCon alert level as a result .
A worm dubbed Conficker .
A by Microsoft and Downadup by Symantec is aggressively slithering through corporate networks and home systems alike .
It opens up a random port and connects to a server using HTTP .
It uses several techniques to obfuscate the attack .
The worm is notable because once it takes hold of a machine it patches the vulnerability to prevent competing attackers from taking hold of the same valuable resource .
Infection reports are coming mostly from the US , but other regions , including Western Europe , Japan , China and Brazil , are also affected .
Conficker .
A avoids infecting PCs based in Ukraine , which is presumably where the attackers are based .
MS08-067 is among the more critical vulnerabilities to hit Windows because on XP versions and earlier a single successful attack can touch off a chain reaction in which other machines on the same network are also compromised .
The threat posed by the flaw was so severe Microsoft took the unusual step of issuing an emergency patch outside of its normal update cycle .
It 's not surprising that bad guys would target a hole as nasty and gaping as MS08 - 067 .
What we still can't fathom is why anyone has n't yet installed the patch .
We 're not ones to blame the victim , but anyone attacked by Conficker deserves a generous portion of the responsibility . ®
Exposed : Prop. 8 part of ' Christian Taliban's ' move to make Bible the law Muriel Kane
Published : Monday January 12 , 2009
Print This Email This The Protect Marriage Coalition , which led the fight to pass an anti-gay marriage initiative in California , is now suing to shield its financial records from public scrutiny .
The lawsuit claims that donors to Protect Marriage and a second group involved in the suit have received threatening phone calls and emails .
It asks for existing donation lists to be removed from the California secretary of state 's website and also seeks to have both plaintiffs and all similar groups be exempted in the future from ever having to file donation disclosure reports on this or any similar campaigns .
Although public access advocates believe this sweeping demand for donor anonymity has little chance of success , it does point up the secretive and even conspiratorial nature of much right - wing political activity in California .
Howard Ahmanson and Wayne C. Johnson
The man who more than any other has been associated with this kind of semi-covert activity over the past 25 years is reclusive billionaire Howard Ahmanson .
Ahmanson is a Christian Reconstructionist , a devout follower of the late R.J. Rushdoony , who advocated the replacement of the U.S. Constitution with the most extreme precepts of the Old Testament , including the execution -- preferably by stoning -- of homosexuals , adulterers , witches , blasphemers , and disobedient children .
Ahmanson himself has stated , " My goal is the total integration of biblical law into our lives . "
As absurd as this Reconstructionist agenda may seem , the success of Proposition 8 demonstrates the ability of what is sometimes called the " Christian Taliban " to pursue its covert objectives behind the screen of seemingly mainstream initiatives and candidates .
Ahmanson 's role in promoting Proposition 8 has drawn a lot of attention , but he appears to serve primarily as the money man , leaving his associates to carry out the practical details .
One name in particular stands out as Ahmanson 's chief lieutenant : political consultant Wayne C. Johnson , whose Johnson Clark Associates ( formerly Johnson & Associates ) coordinated the Proposition 8 campaign .
Johnson has spent many years working for Ahmanson - funded causes -- such as the battle against a 2004 initiative to promote stem cell research -- and organizations , like the anti-spending California Taxpayer Protection Committee .
Johnson Clark has also operated PACs for many candidates supported by Ahmanson .
It ran Rep. John Doolittle 's leadership PAC , which became notorious for sending a 15 % commission to Doolittle 's wife out of every donation received .
It currently runs the PAC for Rep. Tom McClintock , a strong Proposition 8 supporter who was narrowly elected last fall to succeed the scandal - plagued Doolittle .
Proposition 8
The series of events leading to the approval of Proposition 8 began in 2000 with the passage of Proposition 22 , which defined marriage in California as being solely between one man and one woman -- but did so only as a matter of law and not as a constitutional amendment .
Proposition 22 was quickly challenged in court , leading to the creation by its supporters of the the Proposition 22 Legal Defense Fund .
In 2003 , Johnson Clark Associates registered the domain ProtectMarriage.com on behalf of that fund .
ProtectMarriage.com began campaigning in early 2005 for an initiative that would add its restrictive definition of marriage to the California constitution , but it failed to gather sufficient signatures and was terminated in September 2006 .
In 2008 , however , a reborn ProtectMarriage.com , flush with nearly a million dollars in funding from Howard Ahmanson and tens of millions from other doners , succeeding in getting Proposition 8 placed on the ballot and approved by 52 % of the voters .
Proposition 8 is now California law -- at least for the moment , pending challenges to its constitutionality -- and ProtectMarriage.com has turned its attention to demanding that all 18,000 existing same - sex marriages be declared invalid .
The Ahmanson - Johnson Strategy The partnership between Ahmanson and Johnson , however , did not begin in 2003 or even in 2000 .
It goes back to at least 1983 , if not earlier , and has been a continuing factor in California politics for the last 25 years .
In a 1994 article on Christian Reconstructionism , Public Eye described Johnson 's central role in an Ahmanson - financed attempt by the Christian Right to take control of the California state legislation .
The strategy involved first pushing through a term limits initiative , which was accomplished in 1990 , and then promoting its own candidates for the seats this opened up :
" The practical impact of term limits is to remove the advantage of incumbency ... which the extreme Christian Right is prepared to exploit .
...
At a Reconstructionist conference in 1983 , Johnson outlined an early version of the strategy we see operating in California today .
...
The key for the Christian Right was to be able to : 1 ) remove or minimize the advantage of incumbency , and 2 ) create a disciplined voting bloc from which to run candidates in Republican primaries , where voter turn out was low and scarce resources could be put to maximum effect .
...
" Since the mid-1970s , the extreme Christian Right , under the tutelage of then - State Senator H. L Richardson , targeted open seats and would finance only challengers , not incumbents .
By 1983 , they were able to increase the number of what Johnson called ' reasonably decent guys ' in the legislature from four to 27 .
At the Third Annual Northwest Conference for Reconstruction in 1983 , Johnson stated that he believed they may achieve ' political hegemony .
. . in this generation . ' "
The mention of H. L. " Bill " Richardson as the originator of the Johnson - Ahmanson strategy is both eye - catching and significant .
Richardson , a former John Birch Society member , was considered to be one of the most extreme right - wing politicians of his time .
In 1975 , he co-founded Gun Owners of America ( GOA ) , an organization which is widely regarded as being well to the right of the National Rife Association .
Wayne Johnson began his political career in 1976 by working for Richardson -- and Johnson Clark Associates still operates a PAC for GOA 's state affiliate , the Gun Owners of California Campaign Committee .
In 1992 , Johnson and Ahmanson managed to help send a batch of conservative Republicans to Congress .
Foremost among these was Richard Pombo , one of whose first acts after taking office was to introduce a resolution of commendation for the Reconstructionist Chalcedon Foundation .
In 2004 , Johnson told an interviewer that Pombo 's election was a high point of his political career .
" There have been a lot of great moments , but Richard Pombo's 1992 upset victory in his first congressional primary has got to be near the top .
The television stations did n't even have his name listed on their pre-programmed screens election night .
Today , he 's chairman of the House Resources Committee . "
Two years after Johnson 's enthusiastic declaration , Pombo was defeated by a Democratic challenger , following wide - ranging allegation of corruption , including being named as the Congressman who had received more donations from Jack Abramoff than any other .
The Anti-Homosexual Agenda Although the Christian Right never achieved its original goal of taking over California state government -- which may be why Ahmanson and Johnson have turned their attention to passing socially conservative initiatives instead -- it has been far more successful in establishing dominance over that state 's Republican Party .
In 1998 , Mother Jones reported :
" First they packed the then - moderate California Republican Assembly ( CRA ) , a mainstream caucus with a heavy hand in the state party 's nominating process , with their Bible - minded colleagues .
By 1990 they controlled the CRA , and since then the CRA 's clout has helped the religious conservatives nominate and elect local candidates and crucially catapult true believers into state party leadership slots .
...
" From radical fringe to kingmakers in a decade  how did they do it ?
' Basically , there 's two places you have influence : one is in the nominating process in the primaries , where you can elect people in ideological agreement with your views , and the other is in the party structure , ' says former CRA vice president John Stoos , a former gun lobbyist , member of the fundamentalist Christian Reconstructionist movement , and senior consultant to the State Assembly . "
Stoos appears to come out of precisely the same background as Johnson and Ahmanson .
He served as the executive director of Gun Owners of California and was also the chief of staff and a legislative advisor to Tom McClintock from 1998 until 2003 , when he got into trouble for his over - the - top Reconstructionist sentiments .
In the Mother Jones interview , Stoos referred to Christian politicians as God 's " vice - regents ... those who believe in the Lordship of Christ and the dominion mandate " and pointed to the repeal in the 1970's of laws against homosexual acts as an example of the need for rule by " biblical justice . "
" The proof is in the pudding , " Stoos told Mother Jones .
" Since we lifted those laws , we 've had the biggest epidemic in history . "
To many who voted for it , Proposition 8 may have been no more than a nostalgic attempt to keep a changing world more like the way it used to be .
But for Reconstructionists like Ahmanson , Johnson , and Stoos , it clearly represents something else -- a dramatic first step towards " the total integration of biblical law into our lives . "
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka 
To many Americans , Maya Arulpragasam , known as M.I.A. , is the very pregnant rapper who gyrated across the stage at Sunday ’s Grammy Awards .
Yet in Sri Lanka , where she spent her childhood years , M.I.A. remains virtually unknown .
And some who do know her work say she is an apologist for the separatist Tamil Tiger rebels fighting in the country ’s long - running civil war .
M.I.A.  who has been nominated for an Oscar for the song she co-wrote for the hit film “ Slumdog Millionaire ”  has branded herself through music videos and interviews as the voice of the country ’s Tamil minority .
In the video for her song “ Bird Flu , ” for instance , children dance in front of what looks like the rebels ’ logo : a roaring tiger .
“ Being the only Tamil in the Western media , I have a really great opportunity to sort of bring forward what ’s going on in Sri Lanka , ” she said in an interview on the PBS program “ Tavis Smiley ” last month .
“ There ’s a genocide going on . ”
In what may be the first attempt in California to unseat an entire school board , high school students and supporters who want to oust all five members collected enough signatures to put the issue before voters , the Tuolumne County clerk said Friday .
The students organized the recall campaign as a civics project after the board of the Big Oak Flat - Groveland Unified School District voted to get rid of their popular math teacher , a former professional football player .
“ We ’re pretty excited about it , ” said Tioga High School senior Billy Hilton , 17 , one of the student leaders of the recall effort .
“ I do n’t think this has happened many other places .
We were able to do it because our school and community are so small and tight - knit . ”
The school board is scheduled to meet next week to receive formal notice that the recall has qualified .
The board will have the option of calling the election itself and allowing a vote entirely by mail .
The election is most likely to be held May 5 , said Tuolumne County Clerk and Auditor - Controller Deborah Russell .
Advertisement
The California School Boards Assn. , which represents 95 % of the state ’s school districts , does not keep election records , but staff members said the recall of a school board is uncommon if not unprecedented .
“ We ca n’t remember a time when a whole board has been recalled , ” said Susan Swigart , communications director for the 76 - year - old association .
At Tioga High , where the recall campaign began , students were beginning to contemplate campaign activities , including putting together a voter pamphlet and holding a debate among candidates for the board .
Civics teacher Tim King , who helped the students turn their class project into political action , said he was proud of what the teenagers had been able to do .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t think it ’s really sunk in , ” he said .
“ They do n’t realize what they have accomplished .
When was the last time you heard about an entire school board being recalled ? ”
The sparsely populated district near Yosemite National Park is nearly as large in square miles as the Los Angeles Unified School District but has just three schools and fewer than 500 students .
School board President Lillian Cravens said the campaign to oust the board is in keeping with the community ’s quarrelsome style .
Notorious for political bickering and personal rivalries , the district has run through seven superintendents in the last eight years and 15 school board members in the last five .
“ These people are always fighting up here , ” she said .
“ They are always threatening a recall .
This time they just followed through . ”
Advertisement
The latest controversy began in September after Supt .
Mari Brabbin and the school board removed Ryan Dutton from his job teaching math at Tioga High over an allegation of plagiarism .
He also lost his post coaching baseball .
Dutton , 31 , who was studying for his teaching credential at Cal State Fresno , was accused of copying another student ’s homework in March .
He denied the charge .
It is unclear how the allegation reached the school district .
The university said the allegation was unfounded , but the school board has refused to take Dutton back .
After his removal , the entire student body staged a one - day protest that shut down the high school .
Soon after , the students began organizing the recall campaign .
Advertisement
The students have appealed to the school board to rehire Dutton , but the members have declined , saying they trust the information about him that they received in private .
Most of the students are not old enough to vote or collect signatures , but parents and teachers joined in support of the effort .
The campaign needed 910 signatures for each school board member and collected about 1,200 , easily qualifying for the ballot .
Opponents of the recall have wondered whether the students were being used by some in the community to settle old scores .
School board member David Gookin took the qualification of the recall in stride , saying , “ It ’s the right of the electorate in a democratic process to ask for a recall . ”
Advertisement
He said he stood by his record but had not decided to what extent he might mount a campaign to retain his post .
He has no regrets about Dutton ’s removal , he said .
“ I have no apologies for the action I took as a board member , ” he said .
Cravens , who was appointed nine months ago and elected president in December , said serving on the school board was a thankless job .
Her husband , she said , will be the happiest man in town if she is ousted .
“ If I do n’t get recalled , that ’s fine , ” she said .
“ If I do get recalled , that ’s fine .
I do n’t see any reason to campaign .
People who know me know the truth about me . ”
Advertisement
Cravens , who was the registrar at Aptos High School near Santa Cruz for 30 years , retired to the Groveland area five years ago .
“ The sad part of it is they do their best to ruin your reputation , ” she said .
“ Now people look at me like I am some kind of thief and monster . ”
Dutton , who hopes to return to Tioga High and resume teaching math , said he was overwhelmed by the support from the students and community .
“ I knew that I had a good relationship with them , but you never think that the kids would rise up and do something of that sort , ” he said .
“ I ca n’t say enough about their support .
It reiterates for me that this is the right career for me . ”
--
Advertisement
richard.paddock@latimes.com
AFP
SATYAM means “ truth ” in Sanskrit , an ancient Indian language .
On January 7th Satyam Computer Services , one of the country 's biggest software and services companies , revealed some alarming truths about Indian capitalism , even in its spiffiest industry .
The company 's founder and chairman , B. Ramalinga Raju , confessed to a $ 1.47 billion fraud on its balance sheet , which he and his brother , Satyam 's managing director , had disguised from the company 's board , senior managers and auditors for several years .
“ It was like riding a tiger , not knowing how to get off without being eaten , ” Mr Raju wrote .
The tiger carried Mr Raju deep into the woods .
Quarter after quarter , he inflated Satyam 's profits , even as operations expanded and costs grew .
The company , which is listed on both the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and the Bombay Stock Exchange , now claims to have 53,000 employees , and customers in 66 countries , including 185 companies in the Fortune 500 .
In its books for the third quarter it reported 50.4 billion rupees ( $ 1.03 billion ) of cash and 3.76 billion of earned interest that do not in fact exist .
It also understated its liabilities by 12.3 billion rupees and overstated the money it is owed by 4.9 billion .
The ride took a final turn on December 16th , when Mr Raju tried to buy two firms owned by his family , Maytas Properties and Maytas Infra , for $ 1.6 billion .
Satyam 's supine board approved the proposal but shareholders revolted .
They thought it was a brazen attempt to siphon cash out of Satyam , in which the Raju family held a small stake , into firms the family held more tightly .
In fact , it turns out , it was Mr Raju 's last desperate attempt to plug the hole in Satyam 's balance sheet with Maytas 's assets .
The deal was swiftly aborted .
In the aftermath , four non-executive directors quit , hoping to salvage their own credibility , and Mr Raju 's creditors came knocking .
They dumped most of the Satyam shares he had pledged as collateral for the 12.3 billion rupees in loans .
The ride was over .
The daunting task of rescuing Satyam falls to Ram Mynampati , its chief operating officer , who is now interim chief executive .
The task of rehabilitating corporate India is equally daunting .
It has long basked in the reflected glory of its information - technology firms .
Run by cerebral , clean - living professionals , they employ India 's brightest youngsters and serve the bluest of blue - chip companies .
These digital ambassadors have lent corporate India a certain “ mystique ” , says Sharmila Gopinath of the Asian Corporate Governance Association ( ACGA ) , based in Hong Kong .
But that reputation rests largely on the efforts of one or two companies , such as Infosys , which are impeccably run .
Investors delude themselves if they think standards in most Indian technology firms , let alone the rest of its 9,000 listed companies , are close to those set by Infosys .
The illusion persists because it is not easy to gauge corporate governance objectively .
ACGA 's own 2007 ranking of corporate governance placed India third out of 11 Asian countries , behind Hong Kong and Singapore , but far ahead of China , in ninth place .
India 's financial - reporting standards are high , its principal regulator , the Securities and Exchange Board of India , is independent of the government , and its business press is enthusiastic .
But enforcement is weak , loopholes large , and shareholder activism is lacklustre .
“ There is virtually no voting by poll at AGMs ” , ACGA notes , “ and meetings are often held in remote locations . ”
The government has introduced a new companies bill , which would allow shareholders to pursue class - action lawsuits , but it will probably lapse when elections are called some time before May .
Even if a new government passes the legislation , India 's cumbersome courts tend to delay justice to the point of denying it .
New laws may matter less than the spirit that animates them .
Satyam 's independent directors , for example , met the standards set by the NYSE .
But they did not ask hard questions .
Directors in India may sit on as many as 15 boards , which leaves them little time to do their job properly .
But even an assertive board and reputed auditors will struggle to stop managers who are determined to hide their dirty laundry from view .
About half of the 30 companies in the Sensex , India 's benchmark stockmarket index , are run by business families , most of whom trace their roots back to the closed economy of India 's past .
“ They do n't always understand the new rules , ” says Ms Gopinath .
“ Until investors stand up and say these practices are unacceptable , what reason do companies have to change ? ”
JERUSALEM 
As the Gaza death toll passed an estimated 1,000 people and concerns about the humanitarian situation inside Gaza grew , Egypt announced on Wednesday that it was making progress toward an interim cease - fire , with some officials predicting that one could be five to six days away .
The Israeli military operation continued apace in southern Gaza with the military reporting that its warplanes carried out three dozen bombing raids .
Still , with the cease - fire talks edging forward and Israeli leaders concerned about sending their troops into the heart of Gaza City , Israel held off on expanding its war to the next phase .
Hamas ’s militants fired more than a dozen rockets into Israel , including four longer - range ones that landed near the cities of Beersheba and Ashdod , sending a message of menace but causing no injuries .
Three rockets were also fired from Lebanon into northern Israel , and Israel returned fire to the source .
Also on Wednesday , nine Israeli human rights groups called for an investigation into whether Israeli officials had committed war crimes in Gaza .
The groups say that tens of thousands of civilians in Gaza have nowhere to flee , the Gaza health system has collapsed , many people are without electricity and running water , and some are beyond the reach of rescue teams .
There 's a reason that India 's $ 10 Sakshat computer is just $ 10 .
It does almost nothing .
What we thought would be a humming notebook equipped with Wi-Fi and 2GB RAM turns out to be little more than a box with sockets – no keyboard , no monitor .
The Sakshat is a 10 " x5 " plastic box which , despite an official unveiling at India 's Sri Venkateswara University yesterday , still contains only mystery parts .
The project is part of India 's education program , also named Sakshat , and is a triple - team effort from three of the country 's research institutes .
In fact , costs have been kept low by letting graduate students take care of a lot of the design process .
But what good will this machine be ?
After all , while it 's great to have a tiny portable computer that is cheap enough to give to every student ( as is the plan ) , the units will be useless without an input method and a display , both of which will cost more than the Sakshat and neither of which will be portable .
We wonder if this is a proof of concept , a way for the government to create an open standard for cheap computers .
The actual making of things could be done by private companies .
That way , the little box starts to make sense – a single , core system sat inside anything from a cheap OLPC - stlyle notebook to a low - powered desktop .
This is guesswork , but it certainly makes more sense than a single , blind and mute plastic box .
There 's another disappointment , too .
The $ 10 laptop is no longer $ 10 – the expected price is closer to $ 30 .
Just wait – before long it 'll be $ 400 , have a 10 " screen , Atom processor and ...
Wait , what ?
‘ Ultra - low - cost ’ access device introduced [ The Hindu via Engadget ]
See Also :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Researchers at Durham University have modified a video game and turned it into a fire drill simulator .
The team used Valve 's Source , the 3D game engine used to drive Half - Life 2 , and created a virtual model of one of the university 's departments .
Developers plan to use it to examine people 's behaviour in a fire and to train people in good fire practice .
The simulator can be adapted to mimic the interior of most buildings , although modification will be needed .
Durham University 's Dr Shamus Smith , who helped spearhead the project , told BBC News that that while bespoke 3D modelling software was available , modifying a video game was faster , more cost effective , and had better special effects .
" The video you see is an example of how to escape the Computer Science Department of Durham University .
" We were interested in using game technology over a customised application and The Source Engine , from Half - Life , is very versatile .
" We used the simulation to see how people behaved in an actual fire situation and to train people in ' good practice ' in a fire .
Know - how
The team at Durham say the virtual environment helped familiarise people with evacuation routines and could also help identify problems with a building 's layout .
By customising a video game , a finished representation of a building could be completed in just a few weeks without needing to learn or develop additional programming skills .
However , while the simulation worked for most people , those who played a lot of video games did rather unusual things .
" If a door was on fire , they [ gamers ] would try and run through it , rather than look for a different exit , " said Dr Smith
Non-gamers treated it as a more serious exercise .
In other studies , gaming technology has also been adapted to simulate lab accidents , teach people about cooking safety , and to help people overcome arachnophobia .
THE NEWSPAPER OF THE SCIENCE FICTION FIELD
Letter from Janet Asimov Editor 's note :
The true cause of Isaac Asimov 's death in 1992 , from complications of HIV infection contracted from a 1983 blood transfusion during bypass surgery , was made public in March with advance publicity of a book , It 's Been a Good Life , a one - volume autobiographical collection compiled by Janet Jeppson , Asimov 's widow , who reveals the situation in the book .
Locus Magazine 's April issue ran the story with the following passage included : " Asimov reportedly wanted to reveal he had AIDS but was talked out of it at the time by his second wife , Janet Jeppson . "
The following is a letter from Janet ( Jeppson ) Asimov .
Dear Locus ,
I hope no one will believe that , according to the article in Locus , Isaac Asimov " wanted to reveal he had AIDS but was talked out of it at the time by his second wife , Janet Jeppson . "
A few years after Isaac 's bypass surgery , he had some symptoms that made me read the medical journals --- and then I wanted him tested for HIV .
The internist and cardiologist said I was wrong .
Testing was done only when he was seriously ill and in the hospital for surgery on his by then infected heart valves .
The surgery was cancelled , and the doctors told us not to reveal Isaac 's HIV .
I argued with the doctors privately about this secrecy , but they prevailed , even after Isaac died .
The doctors are dead now , and when Prometheus books asked me to write " It 's Been a Good Life " , Isaac 's daughter and I agreed to go public on the HIV .
Janet Asimov
4 April 2002
It started as a drive - by shooting on a mostly deserted stretch of the 101 Freeway about 3:15 a.m .
Despite the early hour , the Los Angeles Police Department received several reports of shots fired .
Officers found a car on a center median downtown , specked with bullet holes , its 25 - year - old driver clinging to life .
The southbound freeway was closed -- and remained closed for nearly eight hours , making the morning commute a nightmare .
“ This is a real whodunit , ” Police Lt. Paul Vernon said .
With no immediate witnesses to the shooting and the victim in critical condition , detectives are focusing on the victim ’s mysterious car .
It is a silver , two - door 2005 Bentley Continental GT with glittering silver rims valued at about $ 100,000 , the ride of rap stars and other celebrities .
Paris Hilton was arrested in hers .
Jay - Z rapped about his .
Shaq and Kobe had theirs customized .
Advertisement
Detectives checked the registration and asked downtown merchants if any Bentleys had been reported stolen .
The Bentley was not registered to the victim and police do not believe it belonged to him , Vernon said .
Police found temporary registration papers on the car and verified the owner through the vehicle identification number , but Vernon would not release the owner ’s name .
The car appeared to have been bought recently , since it still had a temporary paper license tag on the back that read “ Dream . ”
The tag was from Dream Motor Cars on La Cienega Boulevard just outside Beverly Hills .
An employee , who declined to give his name , confirmed that it had sold the Bentley recently .
He would not identify the buyer .
He said the dealership ’s owner , Amir Fatemi , was on vacation .
A similar car is listed on the company ’s website for $ 99,900 .
Police searched the car but found no weapons , drugs or other illegal items , and were still trying to determine the motive for the shooting .
“ We have not seen a freeway shooting in quite some time , ” Vernon said .
“ And this case really stands out in the number of rounds fired at the victim ’s car and the kind of car the victim was driving . ”
Advertisement
No surveillance cameras were visible along the stretch of freeway where the car was found , but as detectives canvassed for evidence , Vernon said police would also look for traffic cameras that may have captured images of the Bentley before the shooting .
A motorist spotted the Bentley about 3:15 a.m. after the car struck the freeway median near the Aliso Street exit .
The motorist stopped to help and eventually broke the driver ’s window only to find the shooting victim slumped over the steering wheel with several gunshot wounds , Vernon said .
Meanwhile , Los Angeles police and the California Highway Patrol were receiving reports of shots fired between Olvera and Alameda streets , then reports that an erratic driver had struck the freeway median .
The victim , a Latino man from East Los Angeles whose name had not been released , was taken to County - USC Medical Center at 3:30 a.m. in critical condition .
Advertisement
“ His prognosis is not good , ” Vernon said .
An LAPD firearms expert was sent to examine the Bentley for bullets and other debris to determine what type of weapon was used , police said .
Detectives searching the freeway shoulder found several bullet casings near the Mission Road exit , Vernon said .
There are at least 10 bullet holes visible , and possibly many more shell casings .
The investigation created a nightmare commute , closing the southbound 101 Freeway during the morning rush hour .
Traffic was backed up for miles , and the gridlock spread to nearby freeways and surface streets .
Trina Unzicker was driving her two girls to school when she hit the traffic .
Advertisement
“ As soon as I hit the I - 5 off of Burbank Boulevard , it was pretty obvious there were problems , ” Unzicker said .
“ Traffic was barely moving .
And I figured I ’d beat the bad freeway traffic , get off on the 2 and then into Echo Park , but no -- it was all a mess . ”
Unzicker , 40 , was making the trip downtown to drop her 2 - year - old twins at preschool .
“ They kept saying ‘ school , school ’ and we were so late we missed their morning snack so we had to dig into their lunches , ” she said .
“ I had to listen to this Elmo CD 2 1 / 2 times in a row and by the time I dropped my girls off I was ready to break that disc . ”
Normally , the drive from her Burbank home takes about 20 minutes , but “ today it took an hour and 20 minutes , ” Unzicker said .
“ And I missed a doctor ’s appointment I had scheduled for two months . ”
Advertisement
--
molly.hennessy-fiske@ latimes.com
nathan.olivarezgiles@ latimes.com
--
Advertisement
Times staff writers Andrew Blankstein , Richard Winton and Ruben Vives contributed to this report .
The yard of the Vetropack factory in this small provincial town is piled high with unsold production .
None of the plant 's 750 workers has been laid off yet , mainly because management is reluctant to take the costly decision to shut down any of the three glass furnaces that churn out tens of thousands of bottles each day .
But space on the factory grounds is running out – and Ukraine 's economic crisis just looks to be getting worse .
" Some of our best customers are unable to pay , and demand is dropping off sharply , " says Alexander Petrov , information manager of the Swiss - owned company , one of Ukraine 's biggest glass producers .
" We 've been hit by a double whammy , because of rising gas prices and the sharp devaluation of the Ukrainian hryvna . "
The fact that even Vetropack – an ultramodern facility with a much - needed product – is facing serious challenges speaks volumes about the perilous state of Ukraine 's economy .
The global downturn is hammering the export - oriented Soviet - era steel and chemical industries that account for 30 percent of Ukraine 's gross domestic product .
Its financial system is in chaos and , some experts warn , facing imminent default .
The bank accounts of millions of Ukrainians have been frozen , unemployment is spiraling , the hryvna has lost half its value since last summer , and the price the country has to pay for its main energy source , Russian gas , has just doubled .
Perhaps worst of all , the political system is paralyzed , with the populist Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko locked in a bureaucratic war with liberal President Viktor Yushchenko .
" The situation is deteriorating very badly , and it 's quite possible that people could be taking to the streets in mass protests by spring if something does n't change for the better soon , " says Oleksiy Kolomiyets , president of the independent Center for European and Transatlantic Studies in Kiev .
" With the sharp increases in the price of gas , following the recent conflict with Russia , it might be impossible for many of our industries to survive .
Worst of all , the politicians are blaming each other instead of working together to find a way out of the crisis . "
According to a deal signed last month between Ms. Tymoshenko and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , Ukraine will pay $ 360 per thousand cubic meters of Russian gas in the first quarter of 2009 , up from an average of $ 180 last year .
Even before that blow , Ukraine 's energy - intensive steel industry reported a 53 percent slump in exports in the second half of 2008 .
Most of the country 's chemical plants were reporting major slowdowns and 80 percent of construction projects in Kiev , Ukraine 's formerly prosperous capital , have ground to a halt , according to the English - language Kyiv Post .
The accord has been challenged by Mr. Yushchenko , whose spokesman said that Kiev will seek to renegotiate the contract , but will not renew the gas war with Moscow , which left 18 European nations without gas for two weeks .
" This crisis has touched almost everyone already , " says Yury Danilenko , a worker in Vetropack 's mold shop .
Though he 's happy he 's still working , he says his wife recently lost her job as a service worker , the family 's bank account is frozen , and many neighbors are unemployed .
" I 'm really worried about the future .
We have n't seen anything like this before , " he says .
Officially , unemployment is around 5 percent .
But that greatly understates the problem , says Volodymyr Gryshchenko , head of the Federation of Employers , whose members employ about a third of the country 's workforce .
" Employers are trying to find ways to avoid firing workers outright , and so they 're cutting hours or sending workers on unpaid leave , " which does n't show on official unemployment rolls , he says .
Ukraine 's chemical industry , which employs hundreds of thousands , continues working even though orders have fallen drastically because , he says , " if you shut down a chemical plant it is extremely difficult and expensive to restart it . "
But if gas prices remain high , he adds , " our chemical enterprises will no longer be competitive . "
In December , amid the collapse of some of the country 's leading banks , Ukraine 's central bank ordered all savings deposits frozen in a bid to prevent a panic .
That move may have been successful , but many citizens watching the hryvna dive and unable to get at their money are crying foul .
Those hit the hardest are the country 's fledgling middle class , whose political ideals tend to be liberal and who were quickest to adopt modern economic habits , such as trusting banks and taking out consumer loans , says Viktor Nebozhenko , director of Ukrainian Barometer , an independent Kiev think tank .
He adds that he sometimes wishes he'd stuck to the Soviet - era habit of keeping his cash in a mattress .
" Middle - class disillusionment is very dangerous , because these are the people most capable of self - organization , " he says .
" Everyone is suffering from this banking crisis , and some are getting very angry . "
" As long as the factory is working , I can keep up with my loan payments for house and car , " says Yelena Brexler , who works near a mechanized glass blower that spins out hundreds of red - hot bottles per hour at Vetropack .
" But banks are raising loan costs , things are getting harder , and we 're all very concerned . "
Some experts warn that Ukraine , which has already received $ 16.5 billion in emergency funding from the International Monetary Fund , could default on its national debt , which could have catastrophic political consequences .
" We are in a pre-default situation , and it looks like Ukraine has already lost its chances to reform its economy and industry , " says Vadim Karasyov , director of the independent Global Strategies Institute in Kiev .
" The worst thing is , people are starting to feel disillusionment in the idea of democracy itself .
The demand for a strong hand , to fix this mess , is growing . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Cuba has marked the 50th anniversary of the revolution that brought Fidel Castro to power , creating a communist state on the United States ' doorstep .
President Raul Castro , who took over from Fidel last year , spoke from below the same balcony where his brother declared victory on 1 January 1959 .
He predicted the revolution would survive another 50 years .
The festivities have been muted as Cuba struggles with big economic challenges and the aftermath of three hurricanes .
Reacting to the anniversary , a White House spokesman said the US continued to seek freedom for the Cuban people .
Series of concerts
Addressing the nation from the south - eastern city of Santiago de Cuba , Raul Castro said the next 50 years " will also be of permanent struggle " .
In pictures : Cuba anniversary " With the firm promise that in this land we can always exclaim with pride that glory to our heroes and martyrs .
Long live Fidel , long live the revolution , long live free Cuba ! " said President Castro .
He was speaking from the very place where his elder brother proclaimed victory after the US - backed dictator Fulgencio Batista had fled the country 50 years ago .
He spoke proudly of the 1959 revolution that transformed the Caribbean island into a communist state 145 km ( 90 miles ) from US shores , but warned the country should remain vigilant .
" The enemy will never cease to be aggressive , treacherous and dominant , " he said .
" It is time to reflect on the future , on the next 50 years when we shall continue to struggle incessantly .
" I 'm not trying to scare anyone , this is the truth , " he added .
A series of free concerts had been planned across the island , but the authorities said it was not the time for lavish celebrations after the nation suffered one of the most difficult financial years since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Towering presence
The frail health of Fidel Castro has also dampened the mood of anniversary celebrations , says the BBC's Michael Voss in Havana .
CUBAN REVOLUTION MAPPED
Follow the rebels ' progress Cuba timeline
The 82 - year - old has not been seen in public since undergoing major surgery almost 18 months ago .
There was no pre-recorded message on state television on New Year 's Eve nor one of his regular newspaper editorials to mark the event .
Nonetheless , he remains a towering presence in Cuba , even in the background .
Raul Castro has introduced some limited reforms since he has been in charge , but many Cubans believe that as long as Fidel is alive , no meaningful political or economic change will happen , correspondents say .
Fifty years on , the legacy of the revolution is complex .
There is free education and health care but the state - controlled economy means wages for many Cubans are very low , on average about $ 20 to $ 25 a month .
Tight restrictions
The country 's difficulties cannot just be blamed on the US trade embargo , in place since 1962 , or global financial problems , says our correspondent .
There is enormous pressure and expectation amongst Cubans for change , he adds .
Over the decades since the revolution , political opposition has been crushed and hundreds of thousands of Cubans have gone into exile .
" The Castro brothers have not treated their people particularly well , " said White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe on the eve of the anniversary .
" Many political dissidents are in jail .
The economy is suffering and not free .
And the United States will continue to try to seek the freedom of the people of Cuba , and support them . "
During his time in office , President George W Bush imposed tight restrictions on Cuban - Americans visiting the island and the amount of money they could send .
However , US policy towards Cuba appears set to change .
President - elect Barack Obama , who takes office on 20 January , has said he will maintain the Cuban embargo but that some restrictions could be eased .
Attitudes among Cuban - Americans may also be changing .
A recent poll suggested that for the first time a majority of those living in Miami , the centre of anti-Castro sentiment , favoured ending the embargo .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sports - themed video games are huge moneymakers for publishers , but using the likeness of a professional athlete in these games is proving to be an increasingly contentious undertaking .
The upcoming UFC Undisputed 2009 serves as the most recent example of this , as reports surfaced yesterday that popular fighters Jon Fitch and Josh Koscheck were on the outs with the Ultimate Fighting Championship organization .
The reason ?
They were being asked to sign away their likeness rights for life .
For Fitch , the disagreement has become so intense that he had already been cut by the company .
Fitch was let go by the organization earlier this week because he had refused to sign a lifetime contract that would have given the game publisher THQ the right to use his likeness for UFC games .
The presentation of the contract rubbed him the wrong way , according to an interview he did with Hardcore Sports Radio : " They basically kicked the door open , guns blazing , pointed it in our face and said , ' Sign this or you 're going to pay . ' "
The contract also would n't have given his family payments for the use of his likeness in the event of his death .
UFC President Dana
White took
Fitch 's hesitancy personally and cut Fitch from the organization 's roster rather than entering negotiations regarding the specifics of the contract .
When asked about the move by MMAJunkie , White 's temper seemed to get the better of him : " Let [ Fitch ] go work with [ Affliction ] .
Let him see what he thinks of those [ expletives ] .
[ Expletive ] him .
These guys are n't partners with us .
[ Expletive ] them .
All of them , every last [ expletive ] one of them . "
Despite the anger , White 's position was clear : UFC was in the business of promoting fighters , and if the fighters did n't like how that was handled , they knew where to find the door .
However , less than 24 hours later , Fitch was back with the UFC and has signed a contract that will allow his likeness to appear in UFC Undisputed 2009 .
Whether the deal Fitch ultimately agreed to was different from the original contract is n't clear .
This is n't the only recent case involving the rights of professional athletes that appear in sports - themed video games .
Earlier this month , a group of retired NFL players won a $ 28 million judgment against the NFL Players Association , which had allowed their likenesses to be used in Madden football games without appropriate compensation .
While the NFLPA announced that it would appealing the verdict , there is serious doubt that the 9th Circuit Court will overturn the decision , as some rather incriminating e-mails demonstrated that the retired players ' likenesses were intentionally scrambled so the publisher could avoid paying higher licensing fees .
While Fitch 's position with the UFC seems to have been resolved , fellow fighter Josh Koscheck 's future with the organization remains uncertain .
He 's going through with a scheduled fight with Yoshiyuki Yoshida , and is n't allowing himself to be distracted by the contract .
" I 'll let my people deal with that and I 'll deal with it after my fight , " he told MMAFighting.com .
" I do n't want to have any distractions in my preparation .
I'm three weeks away from this fight and I have n't read anything on the Internet , I 've stayed away from all it . "
One thing that is certain : the rights of athletes when it comes to their appearance in video games does n't seem like an issue that will be resolved any time soon .
UFC fighters are not paid nearly as well as other professional athletes , and their health is in very real danger every time they step into the octagon .
The trouble is they have no bargaining power ; they have to be ready to give up certain things if they want the UFC to make them a star .
If they decline these potentially one - sided deals , there are hundreds of other fighters ready to take their place .
Laura Bush : Life in Dallas Has Been a ' Slow Adjustment '
The former first lady discusses what 's next for her family .
HOUSTON , Feb. 27 , 2009  -- Commercial airline travel , trips to the hardware store for nightlights and walks around the neighborhood are all part of everyday life these days for former President George W. Bush and his wife , former first lady Laura Bush .
In an exclusive interview with ABC News , Mrs. Bush said she and her husband were settling into a normal , post - presidency life at their new home in the Preston Hollow section of Dallas after spending a month at their ranch in Crawford while the house was finished .
Mrs. Bush said she has yet to cook a meal herself , because friends have been bringing over prepared dinners to welcome them back to town .
The Bushes have had several large dinner parties with old friends , but they had to resort to borrowing furniture to accommodate their guests .
" We have very little furniture .
We do n't have a kitchen table or a dining room table , " she said .
" Friends loaned me a kitchen table and the other night I had 16 people for dinner , and I had to borrow chairs from the Secret Service next door . "
After years of having everything they wanted right at their fingertips , the Bushes are finding that sometimes the little things are the most difficult to obtain .
" The only thing we do n't have are the newspapers .
It has been slow to get The Dallas Morning News delivered , " she said .
" People bring the newspaper to us later in the day .
It 's just not being delivered yet . "
Despite the lack of newspaper delivery at their new home , the former first lady said they are keeping up with the news back in the nation 's capital .
But they certainly are not operating on Washington 's clock .
In fact , Mrs. Bush said she did not watch President Obama 's address to Congress Tuesday night because she " totally forgot about it . "
" The next day , I thought it was so ironic that , for eight years , I would be a nervous wreck before the State of the Union , and for days before , as George would be preparing his speech , worried about it and thinking about what was going to be in the speech .
And this time it came and went , and I did n't even think about it . "
Mrs. Bush traveled to Houston this week for the launch of an exhibit of recently discovered ancient artifacts , on loan to the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston , from the National Museum of Afghanistan in Kabul .
Just like any other Texan , she flew there on a commercial flight .
" It 's very difficult , " the former first lady said with a smile , talking about giving up private flights on Air Force jets .
" That was really , really terrific . "
Mrs. Bush said it has been a " slow adjustment , " especially when it comes to not feeling stressed all of the time .
She noted that her husband had " every problem in the world on his desk one day , and then an empty desk the next day . "
" I did n't realize how stressful that life was until I went to bed one night and thought , ' Now what am I going to do tomorrow ? ' [ I ] got in bed and sort of worried and then remembered I did n't have anything to do tomorrow except unpack boxes and have fun and see my friends and do things like that . "
The Bushes are back on e-mail after forgoing it during their time in the White House .
Mrs. Bush said her husband is " very computer literate " and even has a BlackBerry that he uses to keep in touch with former staffers like National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley and Chief of Staff Josh Bolten .
President Bush is reading from a Kindle , the electronic book reader that Vice President Cheney gave him for Christmas , while Mrs. Bush said she is " struggling " to get familiar again with e-mail and does not have a BlackBerry .
Afghanistan
At the White House , Mrs. Bush made support for Afghanistan 's women -- who endured brutal repression under the Taliban regime -- one of her signature issues .
She traveled three times there , including two solo trips without the president .
Previously , no first lady had ever stepped foot in Afghanistan .
Mrs. Bush said she hoped to return to Afghanistan , but for now , she is watching closely to see what the Obama administration does in the region .
So far , she is encouraged by his commitment to Afghanistan and hopes that the government and the American people continue to support rebuilding efforts there .
She said there are " encouraging signs " out of Afghanistan , as well , but the United States must continue to have a presence there , working with the Afghan people and government to rebuild what she called " a failed state . "
" What we see is it 's very easy to destroy something , but very , very difficult to rebuild , " she said .
" And that 's what we 're watching now . "
As first lady , Mrs. Bush visited more than 70 countries , bringing awareness to issues like women 's rights , education and prevention of HIV / AIDS and malaria .
The opportunity she had to represent the American people abroad is one aspect of the White House that she said she misses .
She plans to remain active on her signature issues through the Freedom Institute that will be a part of former President Bush 's library at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
" The Freedom Institute is n't just freedom from tyranny , although that will be a central part of it , but also freedom from disease , freedom from poverty , and freedom from illiteracy , " she said .
From One First Lady to Another
Despite the unique bond she will share with first lady Michelle Obama , Mrs. Bush said she did not offer any advice but did talk with her about building a life in the White House and making it a home .
Mrs. Bush said she was well aware of the difficulties of establishing a private life with a public that is eager to scoop up any morsel of news the first family makes .
" I think it really does require a very careful balance of the private life that the family wants who live there , and certainly the children who live there , and then the recognition that the public is very , very interested in everything you do .
" I mean [ the public is interested in ] everything -- from , you know , bringing coffee to bed in the morning to the new dog you 're going to get , " she said laughing .
" You know , those are the things that people really are interested in . "
Mrs. Bush 's twin daughters , Jenna and Barbara , were already in college when the Bushes moved into the White House in 2001 , but she understood the concerns that Mrs. Obama has now about protecting her daughters from the spotlight .
" I know that that is what she is most concerned with right now , of course , like any mother would be when you move your children to a new home , and especially that home where it 's such a fishbowl and where everything that anyone who lives there [ does ] gets on the front page of every newspaper or in every magazine . "
When the Obamas dropped by a Washington , D.C. , school this month and read to a class of second - grade students , the president said the reason for the visit was simple : " We wanted to get out of the White House . "
Mrs. Bush can certainly empathize with that feeling of being cooped up at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
She called it " very isolating " and " difficult " to live inside the bubble that is the presidency .
One of the highlights of moving on to life as a private citizen , she said , is the ability to just take a walk in their new neighborhood and get outside .
She said former President Bush is getting to know the neighbors and is becoming a visible presence on their block .
" I came driving back in the car and saw him out on his bicycle , riding up and down the street to meet the neighbors , " she said .
" That 's one of the great things about private life , and one of the difficult things about living in the White House . "
The Bushes ' re-entry into the real world comes at a time of great economic hardship in much of the United States , something the former first lady said she is very aware of .
" I see it in the number of ' for sale ' signs in houses around in the neighborhoods in Dallas , " she said .
" I see it especially with a lot of young people Barbara and Jenna 's age who are looking for jobs and having trouble finding jobs .
I was shocked at what prices were when I really went shopping and went to the stores to buy things for our new house . "
Mrs. Bush demurred on whether the steps the Obama administration is taking on the economy are the right ones , noting that she was not an economist , but she defended her husband against the charges that the economic crisis began with his administration .
" I think these are problems that are a long time coming in our economy and they 're not any one person 's fault , and I think the American people know that , too , " she said .
Despite the beating the Republican Party has taken in the last two election cycles , Mrs. Bush thinks the midterm election in 2010 could be a good opportunity for the party to pick up seats in Congress .
Mrs. Bush , perhaps one of the shrewdest political observers in the Bush White House , said the solution for the Republican Party is to " stand for what it 's always stood for ... economic sensibility and a good common sense . "
She had words of caution for the Democrats in Congress : " It 's easy for them to then now be blamed for everything and it's important for them to take responsibility for everything , because they are the ones in the majority . "
Farewell to Washington
Mrs. Bush said it was " bittersweet " to fly out of Washington on Inauguration Day with her daughter Barbara and her in - laws , former President George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush .
" It 's sad to leave , but it was also , you know , we 're looking forward to our new life and to a private life , " she said .
" And so , sort of every emotion was part of leaving Washington . "
Earlier that day , in their final minutes at the place that was their home for eight years , the Bushes received the Obamas for coffee at the White House , a symbolic passing of the torch before they made the trip up Pennsylvania Avenue to the U.S. Capitol .
At that meeting , Michelle Obama gave Mrs. Bush a journal as a gift and on it was a quote from Louis L'Amour , an American author , written in calligraphy on the top : " There will come a time when you believe everything is finished .
Yet that will be the beginning . "
" Certainly , that 's what this next part of our life is .
And both George and I are really looking forward to it .
And we 're very much content and sort of at peace with this part of our life , " Mrs. Bush said .
Motor city is the U.S.A .
It 's not just about Detroit .
The auto industry employs workers in every state - including Alaska and Hawaii .
More than 2 million jobs - from manufacturing , to parts , to auto dealers - depend on carmakers for their pay .
State Rank Total jobs Auto assembly jobs Auto parts jobs Auto sales jobs Average salary Michigan 1 241,883 57,997 144,413 39,473 $ 65,119 California 2 189,749 7,430 42,741 139,578 $ 17,590 Ohio 3 159,061 21,974 89,244 47,843 $ 44,319 Texas 4 137,191 9,104 28,487 99,600 $ 17,243 Indiana 5 111,665 12,622 71,403 27,640 $ 46,792 Florida 6 99,199 915 12,083 86,201 $ 9,189 Illinois 7 93,763 7,227 35,936 50,600 $ 26,281 New York 8 82,357 607 28,792 52,958 $ 54,826 Tennessee 9 79,424 10,636 42,415 26,373 $ 35,744 Pennsylvania 10 76,759 533 17,128 59,098 $ 13,619 Kentucky 11 65,468 13,664 37,621 14,183 $ 44,199 North Carolina 12 59,276 522 20,662 38,092 $ 18,158 Missouri 13 55,722 11,122 17,935 26,665 $ 35,267 Georgia 14 54,954 1,966 14,960 38,028 $ 18,266 Alabama 15 49,346 10,519 20,189 18,638 $ 35,165 Virginia 16 47,485 1,777 9,978 35,730 $ 16,005 Wisconsin 17 46,488 4,037 15,699 26,752 $ 26,782 New Jersey 18 43,294 688 7,100 35,506 $ 15,446 South Carolina 19 41,285 4,773 18,863 17,649 $ 30,624 Arizona 20 34,973 67 5,886 29,020 $ 10,564 Washington 21 31,343 197 5,788 25,358 $ 11,439 Maryland 22 30,688 205 4,192 26,291 $ 9,634 Minnesota 23 29,598 832 6,059 22,707 $ 18,929 Massachusetts 24 28,464 178 3,839 24,447 $ 8,995 Iowa 25 24,634 57 10,611 13,966 $ 22,512 Colorado 26 23,510 55 3,408 20,047 $ 12,626 Oklahoma 27 21,484 2,037 5,048 14,399 $ 16,582 Connecticut 28 21,086 166 5,734 15,186 $ 16,790 Oregon 29 21,067 115 4,909 16,043 $ 14,698 Mississippi 30 20,879 3,640 7,288 9,951 $ 26,603 Louisiana 31 19,404 82 2,139 17,183 $ 7,279 Kansas 32 19,036 2,984 4,922 11,130 $ 23,484 Arkansas 33 17,142 0 6,981 10,161 $ 17,316 Utah 34 15,684 10 5,442 10,232 $ 18,696 Nebraska 35 13,650 15 5,303 8,332 $ 19,583 Nevada 36 13,041 65 1,511 11,465 $ 9,232 West Virginia 37 8,966 0 2,295 6,671 $ 17,115 New Mexico 38 8,763 0 842 7,921 $ 5,604 New Hampshire 39 8,329 0 797 7,532 $ 7,048 Idaho 40 7,475 61 1,049 6,365 $ 8,396 Maine 41 6,864 0 636 6,228 $ 7,081 Delaware 42 6,600 946 1,036 4,618 $ 24,380 North Dakota 43 5,539 212 1,236 4,091 $ 14,602 Montana 44 5,410 0 1,020 4,390 $ 10,730 South Dakota 45 5,194 0 1,104 4,090 $ 12,687 Hawaii 46 4,968 0 393 4,575 $ 2,837 Vermont 47 4,143 0 1,145 2,998 $ 12,138 Rhode Island 48 4,123 0 476 3,647 $ 7,040 Wyoming 49 2,817 0 287 2,530 $ 6,907 Alaska 50 2,470 0 133 2,337 $ 2,536 District of Columbia 51 242 0 20 222 $ 48,439
while i was in Berlin i spoke at Deutsche Telekom 's Innovation Day .
in the exhibitions hall there was a display for an initiative called Palomar5 .
Palomar5 is group of young people ( and it gives me the shivers that I am no longer included in this category ) that are interested in innovation and large - scale problem solving using social technology .
With the help of DT , Palomar5 put together a " Technology Innovation Camp . "
The camp brought 30 young - ens under 30 from around the world and placed them into a former beer factory in the heart of industrial Berlin for six weeks .
I visited the facility on the recommendation of the folks that had brought me in to speak .
The space was immense .
An architect had been hired to loosely partition some of the more cavernous rooms , creating play spaces and work areas .
The sleeping quarters consisted of a series of small , free - standing one - bedroom houses that were scattered around the factory floor .
it looked like a miniature village .
I was told that these cocoons were especially helpful because the participants kept odd hours and would sometimes hibernate in the middle of the day .
An extremely precocious 19 year - old named Max walked me through the labyrinth .
The work areas were chaotic - writing on the walls was encouraged , and in one room a series of bean bags faced a home made projection screen where participants had pitched ideas to professionals in a " real " simulation of the reality show " Dragon 's Den . "
Another room was filled with computers and divided up by large white cut-outs in the shape of sails .
Max showed me a fort that the participants had built out of bedsheets and chairs .
The night before they had been up until 3 AM blowing things up in the parking lot .
It was all the best things you could wish for in a techno - geek camp .
Max was interested in entrepreneurship .
He was building a platform that he hoped would provide a network of resources to first time entrepreneurs - his subgroup of palomar5 participants has set up a site that will be launching soon if you care to follow their progress .
As we wandered around Max spoke in a way that complimented the chaos of the space .
His ideas were vast , confused , irreverent and terribly exciting .
At one point I asked him whether he planned on going to college next year and he said that he was n't sure .
he said he had sat in on a graduate class and felt that he already knew everything that they were saying .
He thought that he might just skip college altogether and become an entrepreneur .
My host at Deutsche Telekom had referred to the participants of Palomar5 as " digital natives . "
It is a terms that is frequently used to describe people that have had access to the fruits of the digital revolution since early childhood .
I am not a digital native , I was born on the cusp - and have experienced the bizarre forces of nature that allow teenagers to assemble on a Friday night without the use of a cell phone .
" digital natives " is meant to signify that these people are different in some fundamental way .
the idea is that access to technology during formative years has messed with the internal wiring , creating metaphors for information and social experiences that someone like me could never understand .
My guess is that this is partially true .
But " digital natives " are not always revered in the way that they are at Palomar5 .
Companies complain that " natives " expect things to be handed to them , that they do n't respect authority .
Helicopter mothers supposedly show up at interviews with their native children .
Words like " spoiled " , " entitled " and " arrogant " are thrown around .
Even the word " native " has some unintended negative connotations .
Groups that are labeled " native " tend to get a raw deal in this world .
And that is how i reacted to Max 's attitude toward universities : as a sign of the Spoiled Generation .
He said he would rather start a company than go to an university that threw his ideas in wastebasket after a quick review and a grade .
I responded that at his age most of his ideas deserved to be thrown in the garbage , and the product of an education is not a specific idea , but rather the whole of the person being educated .
it felt harsh when i said it and since then i've been trying to understand what happened during that exchange .
my guess is that Max and I were shouting across some sort of chasm .
It is a similar chasm that separates republicans from democrats - where differences in an underlying world view makes it impossible to use our shared language to convey an idea .
i think that the chasm i experienced at palomar5 involved two very different ideas about power .
digital natives have grown up in a landscape where access to information and influence has been flattened .
they have watched media distribution bottlenecks in the form of networks and studios lose influence to youtube and independent production houses .
They have watched companies bow down to viral video critiques , and watched political systems get hacked by social networks .
this is a generation that does n't understand restrictions on access to media if those restrictions are inefficient or obviously detrimental to the system as a whole .
this is a generation that has been at war with DRM and copyright right from the start .
it is a generation awash with free tutorials and download - able source code .
I can understand why the thought of spending four years at a university could raise a native eyebrow .
universities are emblematic of a different , much older understanding of power .
they are meant to be an oasis of access to knowledge and influence in contrast to a world where access is withheld .
they provide libraries full of information , and allow students to rub elbows with professors who do n't return emails .
but as access to knowledge and influence flattens , universities seem less like oases and more like training camps .
University students are trained to navigate the power dynamics of the outside world .
students are expected to conform to the will of idiosyncratic professors as a sign of their flexibility in the face of power .
Students are expected to perform redundant tasks in exams with artificial restrictions on access to information - learning to live with inefficiency rather than to challenge it .
and in the most elite universities students are reminded that the bonds that they create with other students will be the basis of an influence grid that will someday replace the current one - something that could be done in any run-of - the - mill social network for quite a bit less money .
as i write this i feel as though it comes across as if i have contempt for these attributes of a college education .
maybe i do , but i also consider them to be valid and valuable .
i feel like it is a place where we learn that the world is an uneven place and we should hedge our bet by learning to be self reliant .
learn to spell just in case the spell - check stops working .
learn to use the stacks just in case google goes down for a day or two .
learn to appreciate the classics just in case your boss happens to mention one at a cocktail party .
learn basic math just in case your accountant is a cheat .
learn basic economics in case you want to go into affiliate advertising .
but show me a society that is obsessed with self reliance and i will show you a society in which communities have failed .
forgive this next interlude , it might get mushy and it will be based on the kind of conjecture that you can only get from an internet personality ( yes , mom ... that is all that i am . )
However , i feel like i have to wrestle with some thoughts about where these older ideas of self reliance and power came from .
There has been a lot of talk about the " power law " in the past few years , particularly about the " long tail " and now the " fat belly " .
But the tail and the belly are just distraction from it 's vicious head .
The most famous example of a power law distribution is the way that wealth is distributed globally - roughly 20 % of the population has 80 % of the wealth , leaving 80 % of the population with 20 % of the wealth .
In recent times we have seen this distribution pop up all over the place - in the distribution of natural phenomena like earthquake magnitude or wave height and in all facets of the networked world - traffic distribution by IP , # of friends on facebook : if you start to look it is hard not to find this distribution .
Clay
Shirky once told me that networks that have scarcity built into them tend toward power law distributions unless work is added to the system .
I do n't understand the math , but it seems like a force of nature .
If societies tend toward this kind of uneven distribution , monarchies start making sense : they are a rationalization of a naturally occurring phenomena .
Someone always ends up with all of the power and we call them kings and queens and rationalize that God must have given them a divine right to that power .
The court becomes a birthright and the peasantry becomes a birth curse , but either way monarchies settle into a power distribution that is somewhat stable .
Of course there are upheavals , but after a quick shock the system rebounds to a power law distribution .
This distribution is seen at all levels of society in a fractal - like pattern .
States have governors , towns have mayors and families have elders .
Everyone knows their place .
And it was a remarkably successful form of society .
It lasted for thousands of years .
But as we became enlightened - tasting of the fruit of knowledge , so to speak - we were cast out of the bliss of thinking things were just so .
Modern democracies challenged the justification but not the underlying power distribution .
First we questioned birth right but kept a class system that more or less justified the status of most of the population , but over time even that started to erode .
What we were left with was the uneven landscape without an explanation of why it was just so .
To fill the void we came up with the myth of ultimate ascension - the idea that anyone can become king , and i do n't mean president , i mean someone who has amassed enough wealth to act like a king ( i call it a myth because that sort of ascension is statistically unlikely ) .
Here is the idea that each man is a universe of possibility , and the basis of self reliance .
Without having a specific place in the world dictated to us we try and possess the skills that will allow us to operate anywhere on the curve .
And the people in the top 20 % justify their position as a better execution of those skills .
Even when the distribution is called unfair it is treated like an inevitability .
the criticism is often that the wrong people occupy the wrong slots , rather than a criticism of the slots themselves .
maybe it is an inevitability , a force of nature .
maybe that is why communism in its pure form has never been able to scale - it requires too much work to push against that spring - and communist governments seem to collapse back into the the same pattern of oligarchy or monarchy after any initial success .
Growing up in this sort of self reliant society I accept that there are certain things that need to be learned , and I buy into the sort of power structure training that happens in universities .
I appreciate respect for elders even if it is irrational , it is a small justification of my beliefs about the system as a whole .
But i can also start to see how the digital native generation might collide with some of these beliefs .
All of this self reliance must seem a bit redundant and inefficient .
i said above that self reliance points to the failure of community .
I believe that to a certain degree : it means that we do n't trust the network to provide for us so we feel like we have to prepare for being alone .
But digital natives trust the network and might not understand why we all need to have the same survival skills .
On a societal level it is like asking why we need to learn how to spell when we have spell check .
why would n't you bring your mother to your first interview ?
she is more persuasive than you are .
she understands meetings .
she is like the anagram finder for online scrabble : she is a hack for the game called interview .
sure , they may seem entitled when they do n't understand the value of investing years in apprentice - like jobs .
those jobs are meant to solidify them within a power structure that they do n't think is stable .
if you look at the skill sets required for upper management without considering power brokerage as one of them - it might seem like anyone could do the job ... and maybe that is true .
personally i still believe in the inevitability of an uneven distribution of resources .
I look at the events of recent years not as a flattening , but as a shuffling of places on the curve .
certain things transition from luxuries to commodities , but new luxuries take their place .
to me digital natives are held tightly within the bosom of the old world order - so tightly that they do n't see it .
They experience the flattening of access and influence in a few domains to be a reflection of the possibilities of a larger shift .
I can't see it that way , but perhaps I am wrong .
as i left palomar i was escorted out by another young participant from Mexico .
he asked me for some advice .
he said that everyone in those cavernous rooms was committed to changing the world .
and by the look on his face i believed him .
so how does one go about something like this ?
my first reaction was to play inside the system - find out what the sponsors were after and to deliver exactly that , secure more money for the long term , create a hidden agenda , wash , rinse , repeat .
but i could tell that was disappointing to hear .
so as i turned toward the gate I said - maybe you are all revolutionaries without any teeth .
maybe the answer is to grow some teeth .
i do n't know what i meant exactly , but it was an attempt to shout across the chasm .
CHICAGO , Feb. 14 ( UPI ) -- A U.S. researcher says the sweet first kisses of courtship may provide important information on mating to both men and women .
Helen Fisher , an anthropologist at Rutgers University in New Jersey , said for men the kisses appear to provide data on a woman 's estrogen level , The Daily Mail reported .
That would let them know where the woman is in the fertility cycle .
Advertisement
" Men like sloppier kisses , " she said .
Women , on the other hand , may be getting unconscious information on whether a potential partner has an immune system different from theirs .
Marrying someone with complementary immunity could lead to healthier offspring with a broad range of disease resistance .
Fisher reported on her research at the annual conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Chicago .
" I think that is just the beginning of what we are going to find out , " she said .
" This is just the tip of the iceberg .
We are going to find many other mechanisms we unconsciously use to size up a person 's biological traits . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A growing number of people in the UK are injecting themselves with an unlicensed tanning drug , a BBC investigation has found .
Melanotan is still undergoing clinical trials but is sold illegally online and in salons and gyms , Newsbeat reports .
It is a synthetic hormone which stimulates the body 's production of melanin , a substance that gives the skin its colour .
Experts are worried that the long - term effects are not yet known .
The BBC investigation found needle exchanges across the UK have noted more and more people coming in to get syringes to inject the tanning drug .
Melanotan has been developed for the treatment of skin conditions but has not yet been licensed for human use .
' Nice tan '
It is not against the law to use the drug , and Stacey Boardman , from Rochdale , said she was willing to take the risk .
It has not been tested for its effectiveness or its safety
Claire Tilstone , MHRA " You have about 10 injections .
You take an injection every day and after the 10 days you should have a nice tan , " she said .
" And then if you want to go darker just carry on taking it for more than 10 days .
Once you 've got your initial tan , then just once a week to keep that colour you 're happy with . "
The government 's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) has written to 18 websites in the past few months warning them to stop advertising the product .
Claire Tilstone , from the MHRA , said the potential dangers were two fold .
" It has not been tested for its effectiveness or its safety , " she said .
" We do not know what side effects it may cause and potentially what the long - term consequences on their health may be . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She added there were also concerns about users injecting themselves without proper medical advice .
Melanin is produced naturally by the body .
Dark - skinned people have more melanin than light - skinned people .
It also acts as a sunscreen and protects the skin from ultraviolet light .
A spokeswoman for the British Skin Foundation said : " People may think that this drug is a safe alternative to sunbeds and sunbathing because it does n't require UV light .
" They may even think it offers sun protection , but the protection offered by a natural tan is minimal and , when it comes to an injectable , unlicensed drug , we have no idea what side - effects it may incur .
" The product has n't yet undergone the necessary safety tests to be legally sold in this country , which should serve as a strong warning to people that it 's best avoided until it is .
" There are other ways to get a tan without the risks of using an unregulated product , so until it gets the all - clear for use on humans , stick to spray tans and self - tanning lotions instead . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Barack Obama 's crackdown on Wall Street pay contains loopholes , and may have limited impact in restraining compensation , according to some executive - pay consultants and management attorneys .
Some compensation professionals already are pointing out potential holes in the rules , including tactics such as changing executives ' titles or rearranging pay packages .
Just as past attempts by the government to restrict executive pay largely backfired , these people warn , the new curbs also may have unintended consequences .
...
An 8 - year - old boy faces double - murder charges in the shooting death of his father and another man while residents in the bucolic community of St. Johns try to make sense of the chilling crime .
" This is precedent - setting .
We 're going to charge an 8 - year - old with two counts of homicide , " Police Chief Roy Melnick said .
" We have n't had anything like this in Apache County in my 23 years as a prosecutor , " County Attorney Criss Candelaria said .
" We need to figure out what was going on in this boy 's head . "
The child 's father , 29 , and a boarder , Tim Romans , 39 , were found dead at the family residence about 5 p.m .
Wednesday , shortly after neighbors reported the sound of gunfire .
The Arizona Republic is withholding the father 's and child 's names to avoid identifying a juvenile .
Melnick said police discovered one of the bodies outside the front door , the other in an upstairs room .
St. Johns , the Apache County seat , is a sedate getaway in the high country of eastern Arizona .
Its motto : " The Town of Friendly Neighbors . "
In an online report , the White Mountain Independent newspaper described the slayings as " a shocking tragedy " for the 3,500 residents .
Melnick said the child was near the crime scene when police arrived .
The police chief declined to discuss a motive or say how the child came to have a firearm .
Homicides by preteens are extremely rare and present difficult questions for the justice system .
Experts say children who kill typically are products of abuse .
Once a charge is filed , authorities must deal with issues of culpability , custody and treatment .
The FBI 's Uniform Crime Report lists no murder defendants under age 9 since 2005 and only three in the past five years nationally .
A search of U.S. news articles uncovered few murder cases involving children as young as the suspect in St. Johns .
In a 1998 case , two Illinois defendants , ages 7 and 8 , were accused of killing an 11 - year - old but were exonerated .
The youngest suspect was a 4 - year - old Mississippi girl accused in 2002 of using a brick to kill her brother .
Jeremy Bach , sentenced to 22 years in prison , is among the youngest Maricopa County murder defendants convicted as an adult .
At age 13 , he shot a friend in 1995 .
In 1993 , a pair of Chandler girls , ages 11 and 12 , were found delinquent in Juvenile Court for killing their adoptive mother .
Melnick said Arizona law generally holds that a child under age 10 lacks competency to be criminally responsible for a homicide .
However , he added , " we think an exception can be made based on the facts and circumstances " in the St. Johns case .
Candelaria said the state will not prosecute the child as an adult .
That means the boy would not be sentenced to prison but could remain in juvenile detention until adulthood .
An initial appearance was scheduled Friday afternoon .
The outcome was not available late Friday , but Candelaria said the judge likely would require psychological exams to determine competency .
Elaine Newlin , a public defender in Yavapai County who specializes in juvenile cases , said the court also must ascertain whether the boy is capable of understanding proceedings , assisting in his defense and entering a plea .
" I would say offhand that an 8 - year - old can 't , " Newlin added .
" This is really an unusual situation . "
Although the legal issues are murky , Candelaria said , they are compounded by uncertainty about whether the child should remain in detention , be released to a relative or placed as a state ward .
" Where do we keep him ? " he said .
" It 's obvious there 's going to have to be a lot of evaluation . "
Melnick said both victims worked at a nearby power plant .
The child 's stepmother was not home at the time , and there are no other children in the family , he said .
Tags
The mainstream reaction to the Bernard Madoff scandal was inevitable .
Whenever a government regulatory agency proves itself to be incredibly incompetent or corrupt , the respectable media swoop in to declare that the " free market " has failed and the agency in question obviously needs more money and power .
Whether it's the Department of Education 's failure to produce kids who can read , the FBI 's accusations against innocent people in high - profile cases , or the FDA cracking down on tomatoes , the answer is always the same : proponents of bigger government argue that yes , mistakes were made , but the solution of course is to shovel more taxpayer money into the agencies in question .
In the private sector , when a firm fails , it ceases operations .
The opposite happens in government .
There is literally nothing a government agency could do that would make the talking heads on the Sunday shows ask , " Should we just abolish this agency ?
Is it doing more harm than good ? "
It 's not just Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac : throughout history , virtually every agency created by the federal government has been deemed too important to fail .
( I vaguely remember some Republicans in the mid-1990s holding a press conference and declaring that the Department of Commerce was done , and that voters could " stick a fork in it . "
I guess they found it was still pink inside . )
Madoff's Ponzi Scheme
The pattern plays out perfectly with the SEC and the Madoff bombshell .
Suppose a few years ago , I told a group of MBAs to imagine the worst screwup that the SEC could possibly perform , something so monumentally incompetent that members of Congress might openly question whether the agency should continue .
I think that at least half of the class would have come up with something far less outrageous than what has happened in fact .
Everyone who reads the headlines knows that Bernard Madoff is accused of running a massive Ponzi scheme that , for over a decade , has ripped off investors to the tune of $ 50 billion .
But those who dig a bit deeper learn that Harry Markopolos , who used to work for a Madoff rival , has been writing the SEC since at least May 1999 , urging them to put a stop to Madoff 's Ponzi scheme .
( Markopolos examined the options markets that Madoff told investors he used to hedge his positions and yield his steady stream of dividends , and Markopolos concluded that Madoff 's results were impossible . )
Incredibly , the SEC apparently had evidence in front of its face sixteen years ago ( in relation to another case ) that Madoff was a crook .
Yet it gets worse .
As the Wall Street Journal and others dig into the story , they find that Madoff 's family had close ties to the SEC .
His sons , brother , and niece , for example , worked with or advised financial regulators on certain matters — no doubt telling them the best way to protect investors from fraud .
But the pièce de résistance is that Madoff was n't caught ; his own sons turned him in after he came to them and admitted what he 'd done .
( Let 's assume they are telling the truth and did n't realize what their father was up to all along . )
And even Madoff 's confession was not because of a visit from the ghost of Christmas future .
No , Madoff 's scheme simply ran out of gas , because of large redemption claims that his clients filed , due to the collapse of the financial markets .
Had it not been for the bursting of the credit bubble , Madoff would likely still be bilking new investors — and advising the SEC .
Laissez - Faire Ideology to Blame ?
Even though George Bush has presided over the most interventionist government since FDR's New Deal , he somehow has a reputation for being a free marketeer .
( It 's funny that his political opponents take him at his word when it comes to economic rhetoric , yet they do n't universally refer to Bush as a lover of world democracy and peace . )
Naturally , the Madoff Ponzi scheme is blamed on the Bush administration 's failure to adequately fund and staff the beleaguered SEC .
" Bush thinks markets are self - regulating , and look what happened ! "
This is complete balderdash .
The SEC under George Bush has the biggest budget and the most personnel in its history .
The charts below show the annual budgets and " full - time - equivalent " staff for the SEC by fiscal year .
These numbers were obtained from the annual SEC reports archived here .
( Note that there might be a slight discontinuity in the budget series in the year 2003 , when the report format changed . )
It 's even more interesting to break down the growth rates in budget and staff by presidential administration .
For the following table , I have assumed that an incoming president does n't really influence the SEC 's operations for that ( partial ) fiscal year .
For example , Ronald Reagan won the election in November 1980 , and was sworn in the following January 1981 .
To gauge how much he increased the SEC budget and staff , I look at the annualized growth from FY 1981 ( which ran through September 1981 ) to FY 1989 .
However , I also ran the numbers going from FY 1980 through FY 1988 etc. , and it does n't really affect the results .
As the table shows , clearly the person who hated the free - wheeling market most was the first President Bush , followed up by his son .
And especially when we consider the high inflation rate , it 's obvious that Jimmy Carter was a laissez - faire ideologue .
Bill Clinton , in contrast , had the same attitude towards speculators as Ronald Reagan .
Naturally we can quibble with these conclusions .
Maybe Bill Clinton 's numbers would have been a lot higher had Newt Gingrich remained a history professor .
Maybe George W. Bush used the Enron scandal to beef up the SEC 's budget , while he gave orders behind the scenes to use the cash for pizza and beer rather than enforcement .
But whatever the excuse , it just proves my point : it is foolish to give the task of ensuring financial integrity to DC politicians .
The SEC was supposedly retooled after the Enron fiasco in order to do its job .
And it failed miserably .
Some heads may roll and budgets balloon , but if history is any guide , there will be another huge financial fraud within another decade .
Conclusion
The SEC clearly botched its alleged job in the case of the Madoff Ponzi scheme .
Taxpayers are certainly entitled to ask , " What exactly are we getting for our ( now ) $ 900 million per year ? "
It is not simply that the SEC failed to help .
On the contrary , the SEC is actively harmful .
For one thing , its implicit blessing of Madoff probably reassured some investors ; surely the SEC would have shut him down if his returns were bogus !
Beyond that , the SEC has been horrible during the financial crisis .
In the summer it engaged in a phony ban on " naked " short selling that was already illegal , and then a few months later it banned short selling outright on hundreds of financial stocks , a move that paralyzed that particular sector even more .
And lately , they 've decided to launch a witch hunt on Mark Cuban — those 3,000 + employees have to do something .
Democrats should not take away from the Madoff scandal the lesson that Republicans cannot be trusted to regulate financial markets .
Even if it were true that Democrats would run it more honorably and competently , eventually another Republican will win the White House .
Rather than pitting each party against the other , it is wiser to conclude that Washington politicians and bureaucrats will never put the average taxpayer or investor 's interests above those of billionaire financiers .
The SEC should be abolished , and investors should rely on private - sector watchdog groups to spot swindlers .
TOKYO — Sumo wrestlers with pot bellies , yes .
Sumo wrestlers with pot ?
Now that 's harder to grapple with .
In the past six months , four wrestlers have been kicked out of the ancient sport for allegedly smoking marijuana , creating the biggest drugs - in - sports scandal that Japan has ever seen .
Although three of the wrestlers who have been expelled from the sport were from Russia , the arrest last week of a 25 - year - old Japanese athlete who goes by the ring name of Wakakirin for possession of marijuana has raised concern that use of the drug may be more widespread than originally thought .
In Japan , sumo wrestlers are not seen as athletes in the way that baseball or tennis players are .
A photo of U.S. swimming star Michael Phelps with a marijuana pipe got wide play in the media here , but nowhere near the consternation of the sumo scandal .
The sting of the busts in sumo — which only recently introduced doping tests — was made all the worse because of the breakdown in Japan 's still relatively drug - free environment .
Marijuana use , in particular , is rising rapidly despite a stiff punishment — up to five years in prison for possession .
" We are appalled by his utter folly , " The Asahi , a major newspaper , said in an outraged editorial .
" Some young people casually try pot .
It is vital that we educate them on the risks of this drug from a fairly early age . "
More than being simply a drug issue , however , the scandal has been amplified by the fact that it involves one of the world 's oldest and most tradition - bound sports — and one that is solidly rooted in religious purification ritual .
Sumo wrestlers are expected to live the old - school life of a disciple .
They wear their hair in topknots , dress in traditional robes and train in communal " stables . "
Their schedules are tightly regulated and the word of their coaches , who are still called " masters , " is absolute and final .
Sumo aficionados like to note that former grand champion Musashimaru , of Hawaii , had a 10 p.m. curfew .
But that is changing .
The wrestlers at the center of the scandal came from training stables where a new , and often younger , stable master was in charge , and discipline was not what it might have been in the old days .
" In the most recent cases , the normal connections are not there anymore , " said David Shapiro , a sumo color commentator for broadcaster NHK .
" Stable masters normally are your surrogate fathers and now they are your surrogate stepfathers .
There are certain stables where this never would have happened . "
Still , many Japanese believe that to stain the purity of sumo is to tarnish the heart of Japan itself .
Moving quickly to ease criticism , the Japan Sumo Association , which oversees the professional sport , voted this week to dismiss Wakakirin , whose legal name is Shinichi Suzukawa .
Many Japanese saw even that punishment as too light .
Dismissal — unlike the harsher punishment of expulsion from the sport — leaves open the door for Wakakirin to receive severance pay , although the Kyodo news agency reported that he has opted not to do so .
" It is hard not to call them lenient in this case , " said Sports Minister Ryu Shionoya .
" This is utterly shameful . "
Sumo initiated limited drug- testing in September after the Russian wrestler Wakanoho was caught by police for allegedly possessing marijuana .
Two wrestlers , Roho and his brother , Hakurozan , also of Russia , tested positive and were kicked out of the sport .
All three were top - division wrestlers , and well - known in Japan even beyond sumo circles .
With Wakakirin's arrest , officials now say they will further beef up doping tests for marijuana and stimulants .
Marijuana is not considered a performance - enhancing drug .
Wakakirin reportedly became interested in marijuana after reading about it in magazines and seeing others smoking it at hip - hop clubs .
Mark Buckton , a sumo columnist and blogger , said he thinks the scandal has pretty much run its course .
" A lot of these guys are young and single so it could go further , but it 's not really fair to say it 's a breakdown in discipline in sumo , " he said .
" There are 700 men in sumo and the majority of them do n't smoke marijuana . "
In sumo , competitors vie to push their opponents out of the ring or make them touch the dirt with any part of their bodies other than the soles of their feet .
The wrestlers , who can weigh up to 550 pounds and are mostly in their 20s , fight in six 15 - day tournaments each year .
Despite its status as Japan 's national sport , sumo has been hit with several scandals in recent years , including persistent accusations of bout - fixing , the hazing death of a young wrestler two years ago , and the antics of its top champion , a fiery Mongolian who fights under the name of Asashoryu .
Asashoryu recently had to sit out three tournaments as punishment for skipping a road trip to go home to Mongolia .
He claimed he had an injury , but was seen playing a spirited game of soccer in his homeland .
Last month , after winning the most recent tournament , Asashoryu was warned by sumo officials for pumping his fists to celebrate .
Displays of emotion in the ring , which is considered sacred ground , are frowned upon .
First , a disclaimer :
Although I am an attorney , the legal information in this podcast is not intended to be a substitute for seeking personalized legal advice from an attorney licensed to practice in your jurisdiction .
Further , I do not intend to create an attorney - client relationship with any listener .
Today ’s episode touches on two topics : international law , and the legality of employers conducting drug tests on prospective and current employees .
An anonymous caller asked :
I ’ve noticed that in some areas of the world , like Amsterdam , drugs that are not legal in the U.S. seem to be fine , and people are not arrested for use of certain quantities .
So , is it illegal for an American citizen to use drugs abroad that are legal in that country ?
The reason I am asking is that many employers for new job applicants screen for the use of drugs assuming that they are illegal .
Well , what if they are legal where you took them ?
Amsterdam : a beautiful city of canals , the Anne Frank Haus , the Van Gogh museum , legal prostitution , and readily available drugs such as marijuana and hallucinogenic mushrooms .
Some tourists love the Netherlands for its relatively permissive stance on drugs , while others abhor it .
The short answer to the first question is that you are subject to the laws of a foreign country when you visit .
With regard to drug testing , an employer generally has the right to screen applicants , and an employer has a more limited right to test its current employees .
First , our caller asked whether an American citizen , while in a foreign country , may use drugs that are legal in that country , but illegal in the United States .
The answer is that you must generally obey all laws of the jurisdiction you are visiting .
So , assuming marijuana is legal in the Netherlands , then you are free to get as stoned as you want , and the United States government cannot prosecute you .
The doctrine works the other way as well .
That is , if something is legal in the U.S. , but illegal in a foreign country , you are prohibited from that act while visiting the foreign country .
You must also submit to the foreign country ’s criminal justice system for any violations .
For example , an American teenager , Michael Fay , was caned in Singapore in 1994 after suffering a conviction for vandalism .
Mr. Fay was subject to Singapore law and the Singapore justice system while present in the country , regardless of his country of origin .
Next , let ’s turn to the issue of drug testing in the workplace .
In response to the perceived problem of alcohol and other drug use , many employers have implemented drug testing .
There are two main grounds on which courts have struck down drug - testing policies : the Fourth Amendment , and privacy concerns .
The Fourth Amendment only applies to government employers , and privacy concerns apply to both private and government employers .
Both the Fourth Amendment and state privacy laws protect you from unreasonable searches or intrusions of your body .
To determine whether a search is reasonable , a court weighs the employer ’s need to ensure that its employees perform their jobs safely against the employee ’s reasonable expectation of privacy .
With regard to the employer ’s need for a safe work environment , the most important factor is the industry .
A fire or police department has a very strong need to ensure that its employees are able to perform their risky tasks free from impairment caused by drugs .
So , a drug testing policy for these types of employees is more likely to be upheld .
By contrast , the Washington Supreme Court struck down a drug - testing policy for people who worked in fields where safety was not an issue , such as desk jobs .
The other side of the analysis is the employee ’s expectation of privacy , and how intrusive the search is .
First , it is important to note that you generally do not have a very strong legal expectation of privacy with respect to drugs you use that are illegal in this country .
Most courts have upheld drug - testing policies where the drug testing was part of a screening process that all applicants had to undergo .
This is because the applicant should expect an employer to check up on him – with regard to his resume , his references , and his illegal drug use .
With respect to current employees , courts have generally held that a drug test is not intrusive if the employee was told that such drug tests might be given .
But , when an employer surprises its employees with random drug tests , then a court is more likely to find that the tests violate privacy rights because the employee reasonably expects to remain free from such testing .
Of course , if an employer has a good reason to believe that you are on drugs due to excessive tardiness , glassy eyes , dazed looks , etc. , then the employer generally has the right to demand that you submit to a drug test .
All of these privacy concerns vary greatly from state to state because each state has its own unique privacy jurisprudence .
To summarize , you generally cannot successfully challenge a pre-employment drug test .
You must take the test if you wish to be considered for employment , regardless of whether you used the drug legally in Amsterdam or not .
You are more likely to succeed in a protest against drug testing if your employer subjects you to random drug tests after you are employed , and where you do not work in an industry that implicates public safety .
[ [ AdMiddle ]
Thank you for listening to Legal Lad ’s Quick and Dirty Tips for a More Lawful Life .
You can send questions and comments to legal@quickanddirtytips.com .
Please note that doing so will not create an attorney - client relationship and will be used for the purposes of this podcast only .
Legal Lad's theme music is " No Good Layabout " by Kevin MacLeod .
Cannabis Leaf image from Shutterstock
READER COMMENTS ON
" Anthrax is Delicious !
Or , Bush Kept Us Safe Unless You Count the Thousands of Dead Americans "
( 35 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 1/23/2009 @ 11:28 am PT ...
Many have said , and I like stating the obvious : yes , to Brad 's " thesis " , but the obvious : " W " did not keep us , in NYC safe on Sept. 11,2001 .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 1/23/2009 @ 11:39 am PT ...
I ’m still just really thankful that all those terrorists that were out to destroy America did n’t figure out how all of the illegal immigrants slipped across the Mexican border .
For more on that , see If I were a Terrorist
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... disillusioned said on 1/23/2009 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
Nonsense , bush kept us save from Greenpeace , Peta , and all of the other terrorists that have been threatening to destroy our way of life because they hate freedom .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/23/2009 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
If we were just as fair with Palestine as we are with ' you know who ' we would be attack free IMO .
They parse their line with ' foreign attacks on domestic soil '
So , the poisonings by the Chinese goods do n't count ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 1/23/2009 @ 1:50 pm PT ...
safe from terrorists ?
if u r a dem , u r not even safe from ur own countries justice department http://www.atlargely.com...uctions-documentary.html
83 % of the prosecutions during bushco were on democrats i had this video on my mind last night and today we get to see some of waht the justUS department was after the new dem senator from ny is really a repub , her daddy was a republican power broker ..... gov rob b doesnt get to present witnesses or cross examine witness ... these r 2 huge wtfs
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... DMcD said on 1/23/2009 @ 8:03 pm PT ...
" not including 911 "
Beg to differ but , 911 " counts " --- bigtime .
Just like the famous " surge " , the GOP tries to frame arguments in a minimalized time - slot and pick - &- choose what to take credit for .
Fact is ( as we all know ) , Bushco was at the helm from Jan. 2000 and " everything " that happened since , was on " his " watch --- he bares responsibility for it all --- pre-surge , 911 --- everything .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... 72 Dawg said on 1/24/2009 @ 12:17 am PT ...
to date 4,230 U.S. troops have been killed in Iraq .
I think that this is the number who died outright in Iraq , not those who died from their wounds after being taken to a US military hospital in Germany or Spain .
I have read that the number almost doubles the 4,230 number .
My apologies for not have the citation for this .
Also , look at the number of profoundly disabled veterans returned to the US with no adequate health care and mental health care .
Keep up the good reporting , Brad , Agent 99 , John , and others .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/24/2009 @ 12:58 am PT ...
You 're right , Dawg .
They do n't count if they die on the MEDEVAC choppers , or later in the hospital , or later when they commit suicide , or later when the DU poisoning finally kills them .
I 'd say it 's way more than twice that number really lost in Iraq , and I do n't even trust that number for just the ones who died in combat or " friendly fire " .
1.3 million Iraqis are dead because of us , too , and millions more displaced and severely discomforted .
Because of lies cooked up by the * and Fudd administration , and our congress UNCONSTITUTIONALLY voted to let them , knowing , or should have been knowing , they were lies .
How many of them are going to jail ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/24/2009 @ 1:02 am PT ...
And , Brad , about 9/11 , ever notice how the burglar 's house is the one that does n't get robbed ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Forrester said on 1/24/2009 @ 9:02 am PT ...
Brad , do you know what a ' terrorist ' actually is ?
The US troops in Iraq were not killed by terrorists .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/24/2009 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
Forrester sniffed :
The US troops in Iraq were not killed by terrorists .
Really ?
May want to mention that to Don Rumsfeld , Dick Cheney , George W. Bush , et al because they 've been telling us something quite different for , oh , about 5 years ...
Do n't get out to read much news ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... SondraK said on 1/24/2009 @ 8:30 pm PT ...
Brad , you can't have it both ways .......
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/24/2009 @ 9:05 pm PT ...
They 're sort of admitting they did the anthrax thingy ... by not counting it , when you think about it !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/24/2009 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
Brad , do you know what a ' terrorist ' actually is ?
The US troops in Iraq were not killed by terrorists .
Let me give a stab at this one : Anyone Bush wants to bomb ???
Therefore , Iraqi's are terrorists .
Therefore , 4,000 +
American troops were killed by what Bush terms " terrorists " .
If the people who are killing our troops in Iraq are n't terrorists , what are they ?
" Freedom Fighters " ???
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/24/2009 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
Wait !
I got it !
They 're " guys shooting at us " !!!
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/24/2009 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
Dennis Miller is a real nutcake .
Have you seen him making the rounds , thanking Bush for keeping us safe from " the terrorists " since - you got it !
- 9/11 ?
I always thought he was n't funny , even on SNL , even before I realized he was nuts .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/24/2009 @ 9:42 pm PT ...
SondraK said : Brad , you can't have it both ways .......
Huh ?
Have what both ways ?
Not even sure what you mean there , Sondra .
Sorry .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/24/2009 @ 10:10 pm PT ...
I think she meant that you can't be safe unless you 're willing to get a few thousand troops killed .
Of course , there might be some logic in that , if only our troops had been fighting actual threats to our safety .
Instead , they just went over and created immediate threats to their own safety and long term threats to the United States .
--------------
Either that or she meant you can't find anthrax delicious and be safe .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... btenney said on 1/25/2009 @ 7:36 am PT ...
Quite a collection of Nuts gathered here .
Hafta come back sometime and see how you all are holding up .
Be safe carry a Gun .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... SondraK said on 1/25/2009 @ 8:04 am PT ...
Well , for years we heard that there was no terrorist threat and all those incidents were n't terrorist attacks and that conservatives were just fueling fear ( ad nauseate ) ..... and then there 's that pesky part that the Iraqis ( lose term , many were n't even Iraqis ) blowing up our troops and thousands of Iraqis were n't terrorists ... they were just freedom fighters .
Did you know that Obama just a couple of days ago bombed a bunch of innocent Pakistanis ?
Pakistan had nothing to do with 9/11 .......
I think she meant that you can't be safe unless you 're willing to get a few thousand troops killed
While that can be true , that 's not what I meant in this context .
With a name like " agent 99 " you must be some important person that knows super seekret stuff that some of us do n't .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... UnfrozenCavegirlBlogger said on 1/25/2009 @ 9:59 am PT ...
UPDATE :
Obama just bombed 17 innocent Afghanis .
Women and children .
Karzai is pretty upset that we 're fueling terrorism .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 1/25/2009 @ 10:10 am PT ...
@ Sondra # 20
The attacks into Pakistan have been ongoing for more than 6 months .
I find it odd that objections appear only after Obama becomes President .
We saw what Bush did about the Gaza situation , he handled it exactly as he handled Katrina .
He went on vacation .
The targets of the Pakistan attacks were high ranking Al Qaida personnel .
I think I remember Bush telling us he was going to bring Osama bin Laden and his Orchestra to justice since they perpetrated the 9/11 attack .
Instead of finishing that job will fulfilled the PNAC dream of invading Iraq under false pretenses .
I am not happy about the collateral damage in Pakistan either .
I do n't expect Obama to continue this current course of action .
We shall see .
Brad -
I only disagree with you on one point :
The people doing this are not idiots .
They are highly paid propagandists .
Advertising rule number 1 : Never let facts get in the way of your propaganda efforts .
When facts conflict with your premise , ignore the facts .
Truth in Advertising rules only apply to advertising .
All other propaganda efforts are totally unregulated .
In this instance the meme being propagated is that Bush kept us safe ( in order to whitewash the Bush Legacy ) .
Since all the facts you point to are in conflict with this meme , the facts are ignored .
From the contrarian posts , I 'd say the propaganda effort has succeeded amongst the usual caste of noncritical thinkers .
Beware of neocons jugging shiny objects .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... UnfrozenCavegirlBlogger said on 1/25/2009 @ 4:45 pm PT ...
" It 's always Bush 's fault " is hardly noncritical thinking .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... SondraK said on 1/25/2009 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
Silly # 22 .... it's SondraK .
All one word .
Not everything requires a critical thinking propeller beanie cap ...... Obama is CiC .
He could stop any and all operations of our military anywhere in the world immediately , if he so chose .
He also made a very conscious decision to keep Gates .
He won , remember ?
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 1/26/2009 @ 6:35 am PT ...
Lets all face some facts here .
First fact that is irrefutable .
9/11 was committed in one way or another by a faction of the US government , namely those in or close ties to such groups as the PNAC , Carlyle Group , Bilderberg Group , Israeli Mossad etc .
Fact number 2
Unless you are literally brain dead , especially as someone that has the tools & inside information that Congress does then there is no possible way that any Congressman from either side did n't know what really happened on 9/11 .
Other than Cynthia McKinney & Dennis Kucinich what other members of Congress stood for the TRUTH ?
I know many were scared to because of the trail of dead bodies left by both members of the Bush crime family but you would think if they all stood together they would have the huevos to tell the truth about such an act of treason .
Fact number 3
The democrats have backed Bush at every opportunity to continue the " occupation " & have encouraged war profiteering just as much as any Rethuglican .
Fact number 4
The Democrats could have stopped all this at least 2 years ago and they chose to do NOTHING what so ever .
That makes them just as guilty .
So when I see Obama continuing an unjust occupation based entirely on lies it does not surprise me .
The democrats may not be quite as insane as the Rethugs but they are just as corrupt & guilty .
Their actions speak louder than words .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/26/2009 @ 10:30 am PT ...
Hear , hear , Nunyabiz !
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... woody said on 1/26/2009 @ 4:04 pm PT ...
" Terrorists " did not kill the almost 3500 user troops who have died in Iraq .
They were killed by freedom - fighters .
At least , that 's what they'd be called if they were not killing Murkins somewhere WE illegally invaded , and if we were funding 'em ...
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/26/2009 @ 7:30 pm PT ...
SondraK replied to my question in response to her peculiar original comment :
Well , for years we heard that there was no terrorist threat Did you hear that from me ?
and all those incidents were n't terrorist attacks and that conservatives were just fueling fear ( ad nauseate )
Well , of course , they ( rightwingers , they 're not " conservatives " ) were fueling fear .
Actually , wetting their own pants in their own cowardly fear , and hoping we'd wet ours at the same time .
IED 's by insurgents in an occupied country , are certainly terror attacks .
But they are terror attacks that would not have occurred but for our creating those terrorists by us being there .
So , um , you can't have it both ways , SondraK . ... and then there 's that pesky part that the Iraqis ( lose term , many were n't even Iraqis ) blowing up our troops and thousands of Iraqis were n't terrorists ... they were just freedom fighters .
I do n't know that I ever referred to them that way , but by the Bush Administration 's own bullshit , they were " terrorists " and foreign ones at that .
Are you having trouble keeping your propaganda straight ??
Did you know that Obama just a couple of days ago bombed a bunch of innocent Pakistanis ?
Pakistan had nothing to do with 9/11 ...
Yes , as he said he would ( though he was criticized for it by both the Rightwing and Democratic opportunists at the time ) he has so far continued Bush 's policies in Pakistan .
As Bush did , Obama --- at least on his watch --- has now bombed part of Pakistan as the Bush policy in those tribal areas was still in play at the time .
It may still stay in play , I do n't know .
But the theory is that the tribal areas of Pakistan along the border of Afghanistan is where Al Qaeda is generally based now .
So again , your point is what exactly ???
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Jay said on 1/26/2009 @ 8:29 pm PT ...
I 'm no lawyer , but considering the Bush administration use of torture , and the whole situation in Iraq , I would argue that the ' kept us safe claim ' is based on facts not in evidence .
I just do n't see the cause ( Bush administration actions ) and effect ( kept U.S. safe ) relationship .
Unless of course you accept that the Bush Administration actions kept the U.S. safe from flash floods , meteor strikes , king kong , forest fires , sun spots , The Joker , volcanic eruptions , alien invasions , tsunami , Lex Luthor , earthquakes and huricanes .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Cieran said on 1/26/2009 @ 11:51 pm PT ...
How close do we have to get Hitler 's quota of 6 million genocided before we can prosecute the Bush crime regime ?
We 're at 1 million genocided Iraqi 's now , so 16 %ish of Hitler 's quota .
Can we prosecute at 20 % , or do we have to wait till 50 % ( 3 million dead ) ??
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... bob citizen said on 1/27/2009 @ 7:37 pm PT ...
Illegal immigrants have killed more Americans than 911 by way of automobile accidents ( DUI 's and non drinking ) , and murders .
Bush really cares about the safety of American citizens .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... george ripley said on 1/30/2009 @ 6:36 am PT ...
The Bush cabal ran a classic " protection racket " , Mafioso style .
It does n't take very much investigation to realize the 911 Towers had to have been brought down by explosives .
Of course Bush did n't want to testify without Cheney or " on the record " , he would not have even empaneled an 911 Commission if wives of the victims had n't made him look foolish .
The Bush cabal created fear and then promised to protect us from further harm , which was essentially a threat because they are capable of creating any amount of harm any time any where .
Of course , in order to protect us they then had to have a little war to help their oiligarch friends and the good old boys that Eisenhower warned us about , the military industrial complex .
Protect us !!?!
Hell , they have created more grief in this country and around the world then we can ever afford to forget .
If we do n't learn from this lesson of history we will be destined to repeat it .
General Smedly Butler wrote a book called " War is a Racket " Fascinating soldier , worth googling .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Marta Steele said on 2/3/2009 @ 6:11 pm PT ...
A very important article , Brad .
I wish it could reach a wider audience !
Marta
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Victoria said on 2/7/2009 @ 2:36 am PT ...
The death count is actually over 4300 soldiers , that have been killed on Iraqi soil , this does not include the ones who were air lifted to hospitals in Germany and elsewhere who died the next day , week or month later .
The news stations no longer report the fatalities because it was shedding such a bad light on Mr. Bush 's private little , profit making war .
What kind of president declares war on a country , sends troops there and the starts closing the Veterans administration hospitals here in the United States .
I 'll tell you what kind of president one who does n't want the troops to come back home , alive anyway .
If Mr. Bush wanted to get the ones responsible for the 9/11 attack he would n't have waited so long to retaliate against these terrorists .
This war was started to put money into the oil industries pockets , plain and simple , and it worked .
Now it is time for a democratic president to clean up the mess .
That is how it is now and that is how it has always been .
Make no mistakes the republicans party has always favored the rich and they always will .
What we need now are some really good VA hospitals and some money for stem cell research to try and fix some of the injuries these soldiers who survived this war , have received .
How bout a little compassion , instead of greed , huh ?
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Lev said on 2/22/2009 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
Barracuda 7200.11 hard drive owners just ca n’t seem to catch a break .
Last week , Seagate revealed that a number of the drives ( along with some Maxtor and ES.2 offerings ) had a firmware “ bricking ” bug that could render them inoperable , and it said users could install a firmware update to eliminate the issue .
Well , according to a new thread on the Seagate forums , the new firmware can actually brick drives after a successful update .
A number of folks are complaining of unusable Barracuda 7200.11 500 GB drives ( model number ST3500320AS ) after installing the update , and one user has complained of a similar problem with a 1TB model .
The drives reportedly become inaccessible , much like when the bug in the previous firmware version reared its head .
On the upside , several users have reported success flashing back to the AD14 firmware , which apparently predates the initial bug — and they say their data is intact .
Others will probably want to get in touch with Seagate tech support and ask for that free data recovery service .
( Thanks to TR reader Pete for the tip . )
Once upon a time , nearly all of New York City ’s streets were made of cobblestones and stone pavers .
Concrete , asphalt and tarmac are now the [ … ]
January 3rd , 2009 | Published in code , erlang | 5 Comments | Bookmark on Pinboard .in
Yesterday I posted a SHA - 256 Erlang module , but I figured since other SHA algorithms are similar , I might as well finish the job .
I grabbed the Secure Hash Standard and went to work .
The resulting new module is named sha2 and it implements SHA - 224 , SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 , and SHA - 512 .
Code
Light documentation
Tests are included in the module but you get the test vectors here
It ’s open source , BSD license
I hope you find it useful .
Tessa Jowell wants gender equality at the 2012 Olympics
Olympics minister Tessa Jowell wants rules that prevent women from competing in as many Olympic or Paralympic events as men to be changed by the 2012 Games .
Ms Jowell said it was " wrong " that under current regulations men could compete in 40 more events than women .
She has written to UK Sport chiefs asking them to help end " gender discrepancies " .
A rule change would allow women to compete in heavyweight wrestling and men in synchronised swimming .
It would also give women the opportunity to enter boxing - and men rhythmic gymnastics .
Equal opportunity
Under Olympic and Paralympic regulations , men can compete in 164 events while women can only enter 124 .
Ms Jowell said : " I think it 's wrong that women can't compete in as many events as men .
Women 's sport has come on leaps and bounds so it 's high time there was equal opportunity at the Olympics . "
She said she had discussed the issue with Olympic gold medallist Victoria Pendleton , who was only able to compete in one sprint cycle event at last year 's Beijing Games while team - mate Chris Hoy won three golds in the discipline .
In Olympic track cycling men are allowed to compete in seven events , while women can enter just three .
Ms Jowell and sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe have written to Baroness Campbell , the chair of UK Sport , asking them to investigate a " gender discrepancy " and to press for equal opportunity at London 2012 .
Changes to Olympic sports are made by the International Olympics Committee ( IOC ) , usually seven years in advance , at the same time as the Games are awarded to a host city .
Disciplines within a sport can only be changed if there is an agreement between the IOC and respective international sports federations .
Blago :
" Dec. 9 to my family , to us , to me , is what Pearl Harbor Day was to the United States , " Gov. Rod Blagojevich told The Associated Press in an interview Thursday .
" It was a complete surprise , completely unexpected .
And just like the United States prevailed in that , we 'll prevail in this . "
William Hague , the shadow foreign secretary said : “ No British government should participate in or condone torture under any circumstances , and we are reassured by the court that the failure to disclose this material will not prevent the prosecution of anyone from this country who was complicit in torture .
We hope the new US administration will look again at this decision , particularly since the judge concluded that there were no security reasons for the material not to be made public . ”
By Paula Dear
BBC News
Javascript and Flash plug - in required Either the Flash plugin was not detected on your computer or the JavaScript features of your brower have been disabled .
To enable Javascript on your browser we recommend that you contact your computer support line .
Click here to download the Flash plugin from the Macromedia website With redundancies rising and job vacancies shrinking , unemployment is back in the headlines .
But for millions it never went away .
As part of a series on Britain 's jobless , one family explains how and why lack of work has touched their lives .
Elizabeth Malcolm , 43 , has never had a job .
She lives in a two - bedroom council flat in Glasgow with her three children , one grandchild , two cats and a hamster .
Neither of her two working - age children has a job .
BRITAIN'S JOBLESS
Our series asks , who are Britain 's jobless ?
Interviews with five people who are out of work published on the BBC News website in December and January Read more about the issues : Britain 's jobless - who cares ?
Q&A : Who are the jobless ?
Key statistics
The family is what the statistics gatherers call a " workless household " - one of three million in the country .
In reality it 's not quite so easy to put every jobless person into a neat little box .
This is their story .
Elizabeth , known as " Biff " to family and friends , wishes now that she had got into work or college back in 1980 , when she left school at 15 .
It was hardly a great time to be a jobseeker , especially living in Easterhouse , a part of Glasgow long synonymous with deprivation and unemployment .
But she concedes that she does n't really know why she did n't get a job , and that there was an element of just " not getting round " to it .
She does n't think school wanted her to stay on because she " was n't too bright " and used to bunk off a lot .
Without any qualifications she assumed she was n't able to follow her chosen path and join the Army .
She never actually made it to the recruitment office to ask .
I did try , but nobody took me on
Elizabeth Malcolm
After signing on the dole , she was nagged to find a job by her parents - who both worked until redundancy and illness stopped them in their 50s - and says she tried to find something .
" I did try , but nobody took me on , " she says .
By 17 she had met the father of her three children and by 22 had their first son William .
From then on family , home life and dealing with a failing relationship took over , she says .
While Elizabeth " feels angry " at herself for not getting into work when she was younger , at the same time she believes looking after the kids and the house has been a job in itself .
Labour market survey figures for the last quarter showed more than two million women gave the same reason for not working .
Now a lone parent , she shares her bedroom with her son Jon , 13 , daughter Danielle , 17 , and Danielle 's son Rhys , 11 months .
Next generation : More on William , Danielle and Jon
In pictures
William , 21 , who served in the Army for three - and - a - half years and went to Iraq and Afghanistan , sleeps in the small second bedroom .
The family survives on a combination of Income Support and Child Tax Credits , claimed by both Elizabeth and Danielle .
Both also receive the universal Child Benefit for one child each .
It all amounts to about £ 270 a week for the five of them .
As no - one in the house is actively seeking work , they do n't count as " unemployed " and none claims Jobseeker 's Allowance .
Things will change for Elizabeth next year , when she will no longer be entitled to Income Support for being a lone parent .
She is already being asked to attend interviews at the local job centre .
" They send for you every month to ask you why you 're not working and if you 've been looking for work .
I 've told them my situation , that I 've been having panic attacks when I go out - which started after my dad died - and they 've written it all down .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" They said I 'd be better off if I was out working because Jon 's at an age now where the money I 'm getting will stop soon .
I 'd need to sign on [ for unemployment benefit ] again and I do n't want that because I think I 'm too old to sign on . "
Elizabeth says she would most want to work in a caring job , with animals , children or elderly people , because she has looked after people all her life .
Jobcentre staff have told her if anything comes up they 'll " send her a letter " , she adds .
Having a job would help " keep her mind off things " that have happened , she says .
Although there 's always been a degree of struggle to get by , the family recently went into a complete tailspin , says Elizabeth .
A catalogue of events have left her and William suffering from panic attacks , while Jon has " gone off the rails " and started truanting from school .
I 'll just need to get it out of my head and start going places , or else I 'm going to be stuck in the house for the rest of my life
William , 21 Elizabeth lost both her parents in the past four years , with her father 's death hitting her and William particularly hard .
After his grandfather fell ill William became depressed and left the Army .
" He was his granda 's blue - eyed boy , " says Elizabeth .
In 2006 the children 's father , John Purcell , who was separated from Elizabeth but had been visiting the kids , was stabbed to death outside their flat .
Soon after , William was savagely attacked by local gang members and stabbed several times .
After a second attack he stopped straying more than a few feet from the house , and started drinking more and more .
It 's left William so afraid to go out , he can't sign on .
" I 'll just need to get it out of my head and start going places , or else I 'm going to be stuck in the house for the rest of my life , " he says .
" I can't keep living like this , living off my mum .
I 'd like to have my own house , and my own wee family ... definitely . "
' Downhill '
For the time being he plays uncle to Danielle 's baby , Rhys .
With no father on the scene , Danielle relies on help from the family .
She says she hopes to learn to be a hairdresser or beautician .
" All my pals are looking for work as well .
But it 's not that easy to get a job straight away , you 've got to write out your CV and everything and then hand it in to places . "
Day - to - day she spends her time going to the shops for her mother , collecting her money , or visiting friends who also have children .
Elizabeth - who is besotted with her cats - would like to work with animals " Some days I 'm just sitting in the house .
That 's what I do , morning till night , unless I go down to see my auntie or something .
It 's not really a life . "
Elizabeth is aware there are some who would criticise her life .
She would agree , she says , with those who say it is " terrible " that taxpayers should be in the position of paying for those without work .
" I 'm sorry they have to pay tax money to me .
If I could get a job ... give me a job then and I 'll work , and then they wo n't have to pay me . "
Photographs by Phil Coomes
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An atmosphere of moral panic surrounds religion .
Viewed not so long ago as a relic of superstition whose role in society was steadily declining , it is now demonised as the cause of many of the world 's worst evils .
As a result , there has been a sudden explosion in the literature of proselytising atheism .
A few years ago , it was difficult to persuade commercial publishers even to think of bringing out books on religion .
Today , tracts against religion can be enormous money - spinners , with Richard Dawkins 's The God Delusion and Christopher Hitchens 's God Is Not Great selling in the hundreds of thousands .
For the first time in generations , scientists and philosophers , high - profile novelists and journalists are debating whether religion has a future .
The intellectual traffic is not all one - way .
There have been counterblasts for believers , such as The Dawkins Delusion ? by the British theologian Alister McGrath and The Secular Age by the Canadian Catholic philosopher Charles Taylor .
On the whole , however , the anti-God squad has dominated the sales charts , and it is worth asking why .
The abrupt shift in the perception of religion is only partly explained by terrorism .
The 9/11 hijackers saw themselves as martyrs in a religious tradition , and western opinion has accepted their self - image .
And there are some who view the rise of Islamic fundamentalism as a danger comparable with the worst that were faced by liberal societies in the 20th century .
For Dawkins and Hitchens , Daniel Dennett and Martin Amis , Michel Onfray , Philip Pullman and others , religion in general is a poison that has fuelled violence and oppression throughout history , right up to the present day .
The urgency with which they produce their anti-religious polemics suggests that a change has occurred as significant as the rise of terrorism : the tide of secularisation has turned .
These writers come from a generation schooled to think of religion as a throwback to an earlier stage of human development , which is bound to dwindle away as knowledge continues to increase .
In the 19th century , when the scientific and industrial revolutions were changing society very quickly , this may not have been an unreasonable assumption .
Dawkins ,
Hitchens and the rest may still believe that , over the long run , the advance of science will drive religion to the margins of human life , but this is now an article of faith rather than a theory based on evidence .
It is true that religion has declined sharply in a number of countries ( Ireland is a recent example ) and has not shaped everyday life for most people in Britain for many years .
Much of Europe is clearly post - Christian .
However , there is nothing that suggests the move away from religion is irreversible , or that it is potentially universal .
The US is no more secular today than it was 150 years ago , when De Tocqueville was amazed and baffled by its all - pervading religiosity .
The secular era was in any case partly illusory .
The mass political movements of the 20th century were vehicles for myths inherited from religion , and it is no accident that religion is reviving now that these movements have collapsed .
The current hostility to religion is a reaction against this turnabout .
Secularisation is in retreat , and the result is the appearance of an evangelical type of atheism not seen since Victorian times .
As in the past , this is a type of atheism that mirrors the faith it rejects .
Philip Pullman 's Northern Lights - a subtly allusive , multilayered allegory , recently adapted into a Hollywood blockbuster , The Golden Compass - is a good example .
Pullman 's parable concerns far more than the dangers of authoritarianism .
The issues it raises are essentially religious , and it is deeply indebted to the faith it attacks .
Pullman has stated that his atheism was formed in the Anglican tradition , and there are many echoes of Milton and Blake in his work .
His largest debt to this tradition is the notion of free will .
The central thread of the story is the assertion of free will against faith .
The young heroine Lyra Belacqua sets out to thwart the Magisterium - Pullman 's metaphor for Christianity - because it aims to deprive humans of their ability to choose their own course in life , which she believes would destroy what is most human in them .
But the idea of free will that informs liberal notions of personal autonomy is biblical in origin ( think of the Genesis story ) .
The belief that exercising free will is part of being human is a legacy of faith , and like most varieties of atheism today , Pullman 's is a derivative of Christianity .
Zealous atheism renews some of the worst features of Christianity and Islam .
Just as much as these religions , it is a project of universal conversion .
Evangelical atheists never doubt that human life can be transformed if everyone accepts their view of things , and they are certain that one way of living - their own , suitably embellished - is right for everybody .
To be sure , atheism need not be a missionary creed of this kind .
It is entirely reasonable to have no religious beliefs , and yet be friendly to religion .
It is a funny sort of humanism that condemns an impulse that is peculiarly human .
Yet that is what evangelical atheists do when they demonise religion .
A curious feature of this kind of atheism is that some of its most fervent missionaries are philosophers .
Daniel Dennett's Breaking the Spell : Religion as a Natural Phenomenon claims to sketch a general theory of religion .
In fact , it is mostly a polemic against American Christianity .
This parochial focus is reflected in Dennett 's view of religion , which for him means the belief that some kind of supernatural agency ( whose approval believers seek ) is needed to explain the way things are in the world .
For Dennett , religions are efforts at doing something science does better - they are rudimentary or abortive theories , or else nonsense .
" The proposition that God exists , " he writes severely , " is not even a theory . "
But religions do not consist of propositions struggling to become theories .
The incomprehensibility of the divine is at the heart of Eastern Christianity , while in Orthodox Judaism practice tends to have priority over doctrine .
Buddhism has always recognised that in spiritual matters truth is ineffable , as do Sufi traditions in Islam .
Hinduism has never defined itself by anything as simplistic as a creed .
It is only some western Christian traditions , under the influence of Greek philosophy , which have tried to turn religion into an explanatory theory .
The notion that religion is a primitive version of science was popularised in the late 19th century in JG Frazer 's survey of the myths of primitive peoples , The Golden Bough : A Study in Magic and Religion .
For Frazer , religion and magical thinking were closely linked .
Rooted in fear and ignorance , they were vestiges of human infancy that would disappear with the advance of knowledge .
Dennett 's atheism is not much more than a revamped version of Frazer 's positivism .
The positivists believed that with the development of transport and communication - in their day , canals and the telegraph - irrational thinking would wither way , along with the religions of the past .
Despite the history of the past century , Dennett believes much the same .
In an interview that appears on the website of the Edge Foundation ( edge.org ) under the title " The Evaporation of the Powerful Mystique of Religion " , he predicts that " in about 25 years almost all religions will have evolved into very different phenomena , so much so that in most quarters religion will no longer command the awe that it does today " .
He is confident that this will come about , he tells us , mainly because of " the worldwide spread of information technology ( not just the internet , but cell phones and portable radios and television ) " .
The philosopher has evidently not reflected on the ubiquity of mobile phones among the Taliban , or the emergence of a virtual al - Qaida on the web .
The growth of knowledge is a fact only postmodern relativists deny .
Science is the best tool we have for forming reliable beliefs about the world , but it does not differ from religion by revealing a bare truth that religions veil in dreams .
Both science and religion are systems of symbols that serve human needs - in the case of science , for prediction and control .
Religions have served many purposes , but at bottom they answer to a need for meaning that is met by myth rather than explanation .
A great deal of modern thought consists of secular myths - hollowed - out religious narratives translated into pseudo - science .
Dennett 's notion that new communications technologies will fundamentally alter the way human beings think is just such a myth .
In The God Delusion , Dawkins attempts to explain the appeal of religion in terms of the theory of memes , vaguely defined conceptual units that compete with one another in a parody of natural selection .
He recognises that , because humans have a universal tendency to religious belief , it must have had some evolutionary advantage , but today , he argues , it is perpetuated mainly through bad education .
From a Darwinian standpoint , the crucial role Dawkins gives to education is puzzling .
Human biology has not changed greatly over recorded history , and if religion is hardwired in the species , it is difficult to see how a different kind of education could alter this .
Yet Dawkins seems convinced that if it were not inculcated in schools and families , religion would die out .
This is a view that has more in common with a certain type of fundamentalist theology than with Darwinian theory , and I cannot help being reminded of the evangelical Christian who assured me that children reared in a chaste environment would grow up without illicit sexual impulses .
Dawkins 's " memetic theory of religion " is a classic example of the nonsense that is spawned when Darwinian thinking is applied outside its proper sphere .
Along with Dennett , who also holds to a version of the theory , Dawkins maintains that religious ideas survive because they would be able to survive in any " meme pool " , or else because they are part of a " memeplex " that includes similar memes , such as the idea that , if you die as a martyr , you will enjoy 72 virgins .
Unfortunately , the theory of memes is science only in the sense that Intelligent Design is science .
Strictly speaking , it is not even a theory .
Talk of memes is just the latest in a succession of ill - judged Darwinian metaphors .
Dawkins compares religion to a virus : religious ideas are memes that infect vulnerable minds , especially those of children .
Biological metaphors may have their uses - the minds of evangelical atheists seem particularly prone to infection by religious memes , for example .
At the same time , analogies of this kind are fraught with peril .
Dawkins makes much of the oppression perpetrated by religion , which is real enough .
He gives less attention to the fact that some of the worst atrocities of modern times were committed by regimes that claimed scientific sanction for their crimes .
Nazi " scientific racism " and Soviet " dialectical materialism " reduced the unfathomable complexity of human lives to the deadly simplicity of a scientific formula .
In each case , the science was bogus , but it was accepted as genuine at the time , and not only in the regimes in question .
Science is as liable to be used for inhumane purposes as any other human institution .
Indeed , given the enormous authority science enjoys , the risk of it being used in this way is greater .
Contemporary opponents of religion display a marked lack of interest in the historical record of atheist regimes .
In The End of Faith : Religion , Terror and the Future of Reason , the American writer Sam Harris argues that religion has been the chief source of violence and oppression in history .
He recognises that secular despots such as Stalin and Mao inflicted terror on a grand scale , but maintains the oppression they practised had nothing to do with their ideology of " scientific atheism " - what was wrong with their regimes was that they were tyrannies .
But might there not be a connection between the attempt to eradicate religion and the loss of freedom ?
It is unlikely that Mao , who launched his assault on the people and culture of Tibet with the slogan " Religion is poison " , would have agreed that his atheist world - view had no bearing on his policies .
It is true he was worshipped as a semi-divine figure - as Stalin was in the Soviet Union .
But in developing these cults , communist Russia and China were not backsliding from atheism .
They were demonstrating what happens when atheism becomes a political project .
The invariable result is an ersatz religion that can only be maintained by tyrannical means .
Something like this occurred in Nazi Germany .
Dawkins dismisses any suggestion that the crimes of the Nazis could be linked with atheism .
" What matters , " he declares in The God Delusion , " is not whether Hitler and Stalin were atheists , but whether atheism systematically influences people to do bad things .
There is not the smallest evidence that it does . "
This is simple - minded reasoning .
Always a tremendous booster of science , Hitler was much impressed by vulgarised Darwinism and by theories of eugenics that had developed from Enlightenment philosophies of materialism .
He used Christian antisemitic demonology in his persecution of Jews , and the churches collaborated with him to a horrifying degree .
But it was the Nazi belief in race as a scientific category that opened the way to a crime without parallel in history .
Hitler 's world - view was that of many semi-literate people in interwar Europe , a hotchpotch of counterfeit science and animus towards religion .
There can be no reasonable doubt that this was a type of atheism , or that it helped make Nazi crimes possible .
Nowadays most atheists are avowed liberals .
What they want - so they will tell you - is not an atheist regime , but a secular state in which religion has no role .
They clearly believe that , in a state of this kind , religion will tend to decline .
But America 's secular constitution has not ensured a secular politics .
Christian fundamentalism is more powerful in the US than in any other country , while it has very little influence in Britain , which has an established church .
Contemporary critics of religion go much further than demanding disestablishment .
It is clear that he wants to eliminate all traces of religion from public institutions .
Awkwardly , many of the concepts he deploys - including the idea of religion itself - have been shaped by monotheism .
Lying behind secular fundamentalism is a conception of history that derives from religion .
AC Grayling provides an example of the persistence of religious categories in secular thinking in his Towards the Light : The Story of the Struggles for Liberty and Rights That Made the Modern West .
As the title indicates , Grayling 's book is a type of sermon .
Its aim is to reaffirm what he calls " a Whig view of the history of the modern west " , the core of which is that " the west displays progress " .
The Whigs were pious Christians , who believed divine providence arranged history to culminate in English institutions , and Grayling too believes history is " moving in the right direction " .
No doubt there have been setbacks - he mentions nazism and communism in passing , devoting a few sentences to them .
But these disasters were peripheral .
They do not reflect on the central tradition of the modern west , which has always been devoted to liberty , and which - Grayling asserts - is inherently antagonistic to religion .
" The history of liberty , " he writes , " is another chapter - and perhaps the most important of all - in the great quarrel between religion and secularism . "
The possibility that radical versions of secular thinking may have contributed to the development of nazism and communism is not mentioned .
More even than the 18th - century Whigs , who were shaken by French Terror , Grayling has no doubt as to the direction of history .
But the belief that history is a directional process is as faith - based as anything in the Christian catechism .
Secular thinkers such as Grayling reject the idea of providence , but they continue to think humankind is moving towards a universal goal - a civilisation based on science that will eventually encompass the entire species .
In pre-Christian Europe , human life was understood as a series of cycles ; history was seen as tragic or comic rather than redemptive .
With the arrival of Christianity , it came to be believed that history had a predetermined goal , which was human salvation .
Though they suppress their religious content , secular humanists continue to cling to similar beliefs .
One does not want to deny anyone the consolations of a faith , but it is obvious that the idea of progress in history is a myth created by the need for meaning .
The problem with the secular narrative is not that it assumes progress is inevitable ( in many versions , it does not ) .
It is the belief that the sort of advance that has been achieved in science can be reproduced in ethics and politics .
In fact , while scientific knowledge increases cumulatively , nothing of the kind happens in society .
Slavery was abolished in much of the world during the 19th century , but it returned on a vast scale in nazism and communism , and still exists today .
Torture was prohibited in international conventions after the second world war , only to be adopted as an instrument of policy by the world 's pre-eminent liberal regime at the beginning of the 21st century .
Wealth has increased , but it has been repeatedly destroyed in wars and revolutions .
People live longer and kill one another in larger numbers .
Knowledge grows , but human beings remain much the same .
Belief in progress is a relic of the Christian view of history as a universal narrative , and an intellectually rigorous atheism would start by questioning it .
This is what Nietzsche did when he developed his critique of Christianity in the late 19th century , but almost none of today 's secular missionaries have followed his example .
One need not be a great fan of Nietzsche to wonder why this is so .
The reason , no doubt , is that he did not assume any connection between atheism and liberal values - on the contrary , he viewed liberal values as an offspring of Christianity and condemned them partly for that reason .
In contrast , evangelical atheists have positioned themselves as defenders of liberal freedoms - rarely inquiring where these freedoms have come from , and never allowing that religion may have had a part in creating them .
Among contemporary anti-religious polemicists , only the French writer Michel Onfray has taken Nietzsche as his point of departure .
In some ways , Onfray 's In Defence of Atheism is superior to anything English - speaking writers have published on the subject .
Refreshingly , Onfray recognises that evangelical atheism is an unwitting imitation of traditional religion : " Many militants of the secular cause look astonishingly like clergy .
Worse : like caricatures of clergy . "
More clearly than his Anglo - Saxon counterparts , Onfray understands the formative influence of religion on secular thinking .
Yet he seems not to notice that the liberal values he takes for granted were partly shaped by Christianity and Judaism .
The key liberal theorists of toleration are John Locke , who defended religious freedom in explicitly Christian terms , and Benedict Spinoza , a Jewish rationalist who was also a mystic .
Yet Onfray has nothing but contempt for the traditions from which these thinkers emerged - particularly Jewish monotheism : " We do not possess an official certificate of birth for worship of one God , " he writes .
" But the family line is clear : the Jews invented it to endure the coherence , cohesion and existence of their small , threatened people . "
Here Onfray passes over an important distinction .
It may be true that Jews first developed monotheism , but Judaism has never been a missionary faith .
In seeking universal conversion , evangelical atheism belongs with Christianity and Islam .
In today 's anxiety about religion , it has been forgotten that most of the faith - based violence of the past century was secular in nature .
To some extent , this is also true of the current wave of terrorism .
Islamism is a patchwork of movements , not all violently jihadist and some strongly opposed to al - Qaida , most of them partly fundamentalist and aiming to recover the lost purity of Islamic traditions , while at the same time taking some of their guiding ideas from radical secular ideology .
There is a deal of fashionable talk of Islamo - fascism , and Islamist parties have some features in common with interwar fascist movements , including antisemitism .
But Islamists owe as much , if not more , to the far left , and it would be more accurate to describe many of them as Islamo - Leninists .
Islamist techniques of terror also have a pedigree in secular revolutionary movements .
The executions of hostages in Iraq are copied in exact theatrical detail from European " revolutionary tribunals " in the 1970s , such as that staged by the Red Brigades when they murdered the former Italian prime minister Aldo Moro in 1978 .
The influence of secular revolutionary movements on terrorism extends well beyond Islamists .
In God Is Not Great , Christopher Hitchens notes that , long before Hizbullah and al - Qaida , the Tamil Tigers of Sri Lanka pioneered what he rightly calls " the disgusting tactic of suicide murder " .
He omits to mention that the Tigers are Marxist - Leninists who , while recruiting mainly from the island 's Hindu population , reject religion in all its varieties .
Tiger suicide bombers do not go to certain death in the belief that they will be rewarded in any postmortem paradise .
Nor did the suicide bombers who drove American and French forces out of Lebanon in the 80s , most of whom belonged to organisations of the left such as the Lebanese communist party .
These secular terrorists believed they were expediting a historical process from which will come a world better than any that has ever existed .
It is a view of things more remote from human realities , and more reliably lethal in its consequences , than most religious myths .
It is not necessary to believe in any narrative of progress to think liberal societies are worth resolutely defending .
No one can doubt that they are superior to the tyranny imposed by the Taliban on Afghanistan , for example .
The issue is one of proportion .
Ridden with conflicts and lacking the industrial base of communism and nazism , Islamism is nowhere near a danger of the magnitude of those that were faced down in the 20th century .
A greater menace is posed by North Korea , which far surpasses any Islamist regime in its record of repression and clearly does possess some kind of nuclear capability .
Evangelical atheists rarely mention it .
Hitchens is an exception , but when he describes his visit to the country , it is only to conclude that the regime embodies " a debased yet refined form of Confucianism and ancestor worship " .
As in Russia and China , the noble humanist philosophy of Marxist - Leninism is innocent of any responsibility .
Writing of the Trotskyite - Luxemburgist sect to which he once belonged , Hitchens confesses sadly : " There are days when I miss my old convictions as if they were an amputated limb . "
He need not worry .
His record on Iraq shows he has not lost the will to believe .
The effect of the American - led invasion has been to deliver most of the country outside the Kurdish zone into the hands of an Islamist elective theocracy , in which women , gays and religious minorities are more oppressed than at any time in Iraq 's history .
The idea that Iraq could become a secular democracy - which Hitchens ardently promoted - was possible only as an act of faith .
In The Second Plane , Martin Amis writes : " Opposition to religion already occupies the high ground , intellectually and morally . "
Amis is sure religion is a bad thing , and that it has no future in the west .
In the author of Koba the Dread : Laughter and the Twenty Million - a forensic examination of self - delusion in the pro-Soviet western intelligentsia - such confidence is surprising .
The intellectuals whose folly Amis dissects turned to communism in some sense as a surrogate for religion , and ended up making excuses for Stalin .
Are there really no comparable follies today ?
Some neocons - such as Tony Blair , who will soon be teaching religion and politics at Yale - combine their belligerent progressivism with religious belief , though of a kind Augustine and Pascal might find hard to recognise .
Most are secular utopians , who justify pre-emptive war and excuse torture as leading to a radiant future in which democracy will be adopted universally .
Even on the high ground of the west , messianic politics has not lost its dangerous appeal .
Religion has not gone away .
Repressing it is like repressing sex , a self - defeating enterprise .
In the 20th century , when it commanded powerful states and mass movements , it helped engender totalitarianism .
Today , the result is a climate of hysteria .
Not everything in religion is precious or deserving of reverence .
There is an inheritance of anthropocentrism , the ugly fantasy that the Earth exists to serve humans , which most secular humanists share .
There is the claim of religious authorities , also made by atheist regimes , to decide how people can express their sexuality , control their fertility and end their lives , which should be rejected categorically .
Nobody should be allowed to curtail freedom in these ways , and no religion has the right to break the peace .
The attempt to eradicate religion , however , only leads to it reappearing in grotesque and degraded forms .
A credulous belief in world revolution , universal democracy or the occult powers of mobile phones is more offensive to reason than the mysteries of religion , and less likely to survive in years to come .
Victorian poet Matthew Arnold wrote of believers being left bereft as the tide of faith ebbs away .
Today secular faith is ebbing , and it is the apostles of unbelief who are left stranded on the beach .
· John Gray 's Black Mass : Apocalyptic Religion and the Death of Utopia will be out in paperback in April ( Penguin )
About
I created the initial concept of this poster on the night of November 4th .
Inspired by Barack Obama 's victory and struck with a sense of awe when realizing the amount of hard fought progress that has been achieved in this country , I wanted to pay homage to this centuries long journey .
The original graphic which can be seen here , became very popular and spread all over the internet .
Many people loved it and ask me to make a print .
While I initially created it rather spur of the moment and with no desire to sell it as a poster , the graphic needed to be completely overhauled in order to make it practical for printing .
The original would have been 12 feet long .
So I took the opportunity to really refine the design and create a lasting piece .
There were also many additions to the time line that people suggested .
This poster is not a tally of African - American achievements , rather it is a record of progress and setbacks .
While Obama 's election is not the endgame of equality , it is a magnificent example of what is truly possible .
I hope you enjoy it and that it reminds you of the shoulders we all stand upon and the stained greatness of this nation and its people who have indeed , overcome .
Mrs Palin will also be interviewed as part of the probe
Todd Palin , husband of Republican vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin , has been ordered to testify to an inquiry into her alleged abuse of power .
The Alaska legislative probe began after Mrs Palin was accused of pressuring staff to fire her sister 's ex-husband as a state trooper .
Mrs Palin , the governor of Alaska , denies any improper behaviour .
Twelve other witnesses will also be required to give evidence , although Mrs Palin will not receive a subpoena .
Officials say she will be interviewed as part of the investigation , however .
' Personal feud '
The probe into the affair - referred to by some as " Troopergate " - began before Republican presidential nominee John McCain picked Mrs Palin as his running mate .
In July , the Alaska state legislature appointed retired prosecutor Stephen Branchflower to look into allegations that Mrs Palin had removed Alaska 's Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan after he had refused her request to fire her ex-brother - in - law , Mike Wooten .
Critics said Mrs Palin was using her power as governor to pursue a personal feud .
Mr Branchflower is also investigating whether a Palin administration official , Frank Bailey , improperly accessed Mr Wooten 's personnel file .
Concerns were raised when a recording emerged of Mr Bailey discussing confidential information about Mr Wooten with an Alaska State Trooper lieutenant .
Mrs Palin insists that she fired Mr Monegan over disagreements about budget priorities , while Mr Bailey says he learned of Mr Wooten 's personal details from Todd Palin , not from Mr Wooten 's file .
By By W.V. Fitzgerald Feb 19 , 2009 in World Francisco Federico Lopez Brito was shot and killed only days after Officer Carlos Reyes López and 11 others were gunned down in his home in Mexico .
Officials say attacking police officers is becoming more common .
His death came only days after the assassination of officer Both officers were involved in joint anti-drug operations involving both police and military elements ; authorities believe the assassinations are in retaliation for recent drug related arrest .
They are also investigating the possibility that an ongoing feud between López and another family could have played a role in his death .
President Felipe Calderón has had some success in the war against the cartels ; he has increased the number of drug seizures and arrested top cartel leaders .
However despite the use of tens of thousands of soldiers and police officers throughout Mexico he has been unable to control the rapidly increasing violence .
5630 people died in the drug related violence in 2008 alone , with an estimated total of 9830 over the past three years .
The majority of the deaths were in towns along the U.S. - Mexico border .
To complicate matters more Mexican protesters blocked roads and bridges entering the U.S. in the towns of Monterrey and Veracruz to protest the Military - backed drug war .
Some protestors carried their children as they blocked the roads .
Officials have accused the cartels of organizing the protest saying that they paid people and gave free school supplies to poor families in exchange for them marching in the protest .
President " Those who see ... their criminal structure weakened have tried to provoke the army 's retreat , ” and " True to form as cowards , they have even used women and children for their wretched goals , " Francisco Federico Lopez Brito , a local garrison commander for the Tabasco state police was gunned down while getting into his vehicle outside of his home in Cardenas .
Police found dozens of shell casings on the street .
His death came only days after the assassination of officer Carlos Reyes López , a member of an elite state squad that was created to tackle the growing violence .
López along with eleven others was killed when his home was stormed by a group of armed men Saturday .
Lopez ’s wife , mother and several of her grandchildren as well as a strawberry vendor were among the dead ; the youngest victim was 2 years old .
Caledonio Reyes López , also a police officer and the brother of Carlos López , and two others were wounded .
Both officers were involved in joint anti-drug operations involving both police and military elements ; authorities believe the assassinations are in retaliation for recent drug related arrest .
They are also investigating the possibility that an ongoing feud between López and another family could have played a role in his death .
President Felipe Calderón has had some success in the war against the cartels ; he has increased the number of drug seizures and arrested top cartel leaders .
However despite the use of tens of thousands of soldiers and police officers throughout Mexico he has been unable to control the rapidly increasing violence .
5630 people died in the drug related violence in 2008 alone , with an estimated total of 9830 over the past three years .
The majority of the deaths were in towns along the U.S. - Mexico border .
To complicate matters more Mexican protesters blocked roads and bridges entering the U.S. in the towns of Monterrey and Veracruz to protest the Military - backed drug war .
Some protestors carried their children as they blocked the roads .
Officials have accused the cartels of organizing the protest saying that they paid people and gave free school supplies to poor families in exchange for them marching in the protest .
President Calderon condemned the protest saying : and More about Drug war , Mexico , Violence , Lopez brito
More news from drug war mexico violence lopez brito
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
I had been cursing up and down the aisles at the grocery store for half an hour when I finally found a can of black beans claiming to be “ 100 % usa family farm organically grown . ”
I was on a weeklong mission to buy only American - made goods , and my very first shopping trip had turned into a debacle .
I ’d been forced to put back the bananas , cherries , coconut , and chipotle peppers , and I was about to blow $ 15 on a tiny bottle of US - made olive oil .
I was hoisting the beans triumphantly above my head when my roommate approached .
“ What about the packaging ? ” she asked .
I scowled at her .
More of the world ’s aluminum comes from China than from anywhere else ; the only way to know the origins of this particular can was to call the company — and it was Saturday .
“ Buying American is such a pain in the ass ! ” I wailed .
In 1990 , when I was in grade school , I watched a union - sponsored commercial in which a mother told her little boy that they would have to move because Dad had lost his job — too many people were buying imports .
As union jobs dried up , so did that campaign ; now , 14 years into nafta , buying local is hot , but buying American is , at best , a joke ( though in August Barack Obama dusted off the sentiment with his “ Buy American , Vote Obama ” slogan ) .
When I told Scott Paul , executive director of the Alliance for American Manufacturing , that I was going to buy only American for a week , he laughed .
“ I ’m very sorry to hear that .
“ It ’s exceptionally hard , if not impossible , to be 100 percent pure , ” he explained .
“ There are just some things you ca n ’t buy .
It ’s incredibly difficult and depressing . ”
Organic .
Independent .
A host of considerations drive my shopping habits , and I ’d had a vague idea that “ Made in ” stickers ought to as well .
But it was n’t until I actually tried that I realized how hard it is :
To start , there ’s not a single marginally comprehensive listing of American - made products .
Sure , you can search the databases at the afl - cio ‘s UnionLabel.org and ShopUnionMade.org .
But the selection is …slim .
BuyAmerican.com is a store that features exactly one sweater , and man , is it ugly .
And companies that do manufacture in the US do n’t seem to bother using it as a selling point .
When I asked the shop - floor guy at New Balance , which produces some shoe styles domestically , whether they had any US - made clothes , he demurred .
“ There ’s really no call for that , so it would n’t make sense . ”
I ’d been putting off buying a bra , so I added it to my shopping list .
The thought of American Apparel ’s Dov Charney making my underwear in between fighting off sexual - harassment lawsuits did n’t really appeal , and I knew enough to rule out Victoria ’s Secret ( Sri Lanka ) , H&M ( Turkey / Cambodia ) , and Gap ( Singapore / Bangladesh / Bahrain ) .
So I headed to Nordstrom .
After checking several dozen tags , I advanced on a saleswoman .
“ Excuse me , ” I apologized .
“ Do you have any bras that were made in America ? ”
“ Ooh , ” she said , as if I ’d just handed her something foul smelling .
“ That ’s a good one . ”
She started to point , then stopped .
“ No , those are manufactured somewhere else , ” she mumbled .
“ No , ” she shrugged , scanning the vast lingerie selection .
“ There are n’t any . ”
Anything I needed during that long week required hours of research and dozens of phone calls .
Expensive domestic apples and strawberries busted my grocery budget .
I ’m still wearing a made - in - the - Philippines bra I bought in 2005 .
I failed my assignment and my country when out of desperation and frustration , respectively , I bought a pack of Sony CDs and a jar of peanut butter of dubious origin .
The issue was n’t whether I could buy American — clearly , I could n’t .
No , the real question was , Why should I even try ?
I called Ravi Batra , a Southern Methodist University economics professor and best - selling author of The Great Depression of 1990 , who reminded me that “ it ’s important to revive our manufacturing base and create high - paying jobs . ”
The US lost 212,000 manufacturing jobs last year alone , and the average manufacturing job pays $ 713 per week , nearly twice as much as the average retail gig .
When wages go up , there ’s more employment because people buy more .
When wages go down , people use credit .
Patching this imbalance with debt means … well , we just found out .
“ In the end , ” Batra said gloomily , “ there ’s a huge economic debacle . ”
While that ’s sort of compelling , not everyone agrees with that school of thought .
“ What ’s really important is that even if I ’m not buying American , other countries are buying some American stuff , ” Vinod Singhal , Georgia Institute of Technology professor and editor of the industry publication Manufacturing & Service Operations Management , told me .
“ That ’s what trade is all about . ”
Singhal allowed that there are practical reasons to buy American : Consumers are better assured that their purchase wo n’t be coated with lead , or made by third - graders .
But in the broader economic picture , overall US employment has remained steady despite our growing trade imbalance , and we still dominate in some high - tech , high - value areas .
In 2007 , US manufacturing sales were a record $ 5 trillion .
Let Vietnam make our T - shirts , the argument goes ; we ’re making jet planes .
“ It ’s a very resilient economy , and generally the economy bounces back when it ’s pushed to the edge , ” Singhal concluded .
“ I ’m very confident about how America will respond to these kind of challenges .
When the pain goes beyond a threshold level , that ’s when you tend to react . ”
I suppose .
And granted , as a former English major I am in no way qualified to settle a long - standing dispute between the let - the - markets - rule camp and the save - domestic - industry set .
But if the fact that I actually started clapping when I discovered American - made wax paper at Walgreens is any indication , the time to react might have arrived .
Text size
CASTS MOVE TO INJECT $ 9.5 INTO CAPITAL ARM AS PRUDENT
General Electric ( GE ) accelerated its timetable for lowering its debt - to - capital ratio at its GE Finance operation , but denied speculation that it 's planning to alter its dividend policy as worries sparked by management comments last week suggested .
While company officials downplayed the speculation about a dividend cut , it stopped short of promising to leave the payout intact , helping send shares down 8 % in a session where most financial companies recorded losses .
GE 's financial chief , Keith Sherin , said in a conference call the company would pump $ 9.5 billion into its GE Finance operation this month - a move Sherin said would pare the debt - to - capital ratio to six times from the current seven times .
The decision represented a change in the timetable GE previously outlined to bring the leverage at the capital operation down - it previously suggested such a move would take place by the end of 2009 - though not an outright change in tactics themselves .
However , Sherin did n't offer any substantive relief to investors worried about the dividend payment - anxieties sparked last week when the company , announcing its quarterly dividend payment , suggested its would '' evaluate ' ' its dividend policy in the second half of the year .
Investors read that as a sign that the conglomerate , which raised capital twice last year , planned to cut its payout , which has risen sharply during the company 's recent fundamental missteps .
In a counter - intuitive move , however , the stock actually bounced the day the company talked about changes to its dividend policy , a move that some traders regarded as a short - covering rally rather than a fundamental reaction .
GE shares lost another 8 % , and trades less than a dollar a share above the lows recorded last week , when the stock fell to a 13 - year low .
CBS : KBR knowingly exposed troops to toxic dust David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday December 23 , 2008
Print This Email
This A CBS News investigation has obtained evidence that a subsidiary of Halliburton , the giant energy company formerly headed by Vice President Dick Cheney , knowingly exposed United States soldiers to toxic materials in Iraq .
CBS interviewed Commander James Gentry of the Indiana National Guard , who is dying of a rare form of lung cancer that he believes is the result of " months of inhaling hexavalent chromium " after his battalion was assigned in April 2003 to protect contractors from Kellogg Brown & Root ( KBR ) working in Iraq at a local water plant .
Other members of his unit are also suffering from cancers or rashes associated with the toxic chemical , which was all over the plant .
" We did n't question what we were doing , " a grief - stricken Gentry told CBS .
" We just knew we had to provide a security service for the KBR .
...
We would never have been there if we would have known . "
CBS has obtained documents which indicate that KBR knew about the danger months before the soldiers were informed .
KBR employee depositions show there were " concerns about the toxins in one part of the plant as early as May of 2003 , " while later minutes detail symptoms of exposure , including bloody noses and rashes .
It was n't until the end of August that the Indiana National Guardsmen were informed that the plant was contaminated , and some say they have only just learned about it this year .
Indiana Senator Evan Bayh told CBS , " I think the burden of proof at this point is on the company to come forward and very forthrightly explain what happened , why we should trust them , and why the health and well - being of our soldiers should continue to be in their hands . "
KBR has issued a statement saying , " We deny the assertion that KBR harmed troops and was responsible for an unsafe condition . "
KBR , which was spun off by Halliburton in 2007 as a separate corporation , has previously been accused of providing contaminated water to troops in Iraq , taking kickbacks , and sending workers to Iraq against their will .
The full CBS story can be read here .
This video is from CBS 's Evening News , broadcast Dec. 22 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Many gamers have issues with feeling disoriented while playing Mirror 's Edge .
Even Ben admitted to the fact that , without the game 's green reticule on the screen , he found himself feeling nauseous within a short period of time .
For those that could n't handle the perspective of the game , a PC hack has surfaced that will let players see the game from a third - person view .
At the fan -run On - Mirror 's Edge forums , user Greyfox created a post showing gamers how they can hack the PC version of EA 's freerunnning adventure so the camera views Faith from a slightly - isometric perspective .
While the screenshots in the forum look promising , the actual gameplay footage is n't nearly as impressive .
It 's obvious that the developers never intended for Faith to be seen from the outside ; her movements , which look fluid and natural from the game 's default camera view , do n't look good when seen in their totality .
Instead , they look exaggerated and jerky , and the captured footage bears a note stating that the camera can't actually move up or down when in third - person mode .
It 's impressive that you can actually play the game from a different view , but the problem is that the hack seems to make the overall experience less enjoyable ; Faith looks pretty goofy running around with those animations .
That 's a shame , because it seems like Mirror 's Edge would make a theoretically - great game with a third - person perspective ; something akin to Assassin 's Creed in terms of gameplay , albeit with a less emphasis on exploring the surrounding world and more on linear gameplay .
Maybe DICE will release an official patch at some point that will make this possible , but it seems like the best way to play the game in the near future is to rely on the un -hacked game camera .
The rapid rate of change in Rails presents a considerable challenge to book authors that wish to include instructions on how to build a running application .
Rails 2.3RC1 is no different .
Released just two months and ten days after Rails 2.2 , it includes quite a number of changes , for example :
Instead of uncommenting the following line in config/ environment.rb :
config.action_controller.session_store = :active_record_store
One uncomments the following line in config / initializers/session_store.rb :
ActionController ::Base.session_store = :active_record_store
The file app / controllers / application.rb has been renamed to app / controllers/application_controller.rb .
Additionally , within that file , there no longer is a : secret hash to uncomment in the call to protect_from_forgery as it is no longer needed .
The following files are no longer present :
script / performance / request script / process / spawner script/ process/inspector script/process/reaper public/dispatch.cgi public/dispatch.rb public/dispatch.fcgi
The following new files are included in new Rails applications :
test/unit/helpers config/initializers/session_store.rb config/initializers/backtrace_silencers.rb
Additionally , as a release candidate , it is not surprising that there are bugs in the release .
Apparently , storing non-ActiveRecord objects in a session is one such area : ticket , test - case .
Hiding behind that bug appears to be another that I have not yet isolated into a minimal test case .
The symptoms are the following error :
/!\ FAILSAFE /!\
Tue Feb 03 21:02:03 -0500 2009 Status : 500 Internal Server Error
You have a nil object when you did n't expect it !
You might have expected an instance of Array .
The error occurred while evaluating nil.include ?
/home/rubys/.gem/ruby/1.8/gems/activerecord-2.3.0/lib/active_record/attribute_methods.rb:142:in `create_time_zone_conversion_attribute ?'
Oh , and the release also contains a few new features .
WASHINGTON � American Indians stand to gain almost $ 3 billion as part of the economic stimulus moving through Congress , money that could help some of the nation 's poorest communities rebuild roads , improve health care and boost employment that has lagged behind the rest of the country for decades .
The Senate Appropriations Committee on Tuesday included $ 2.8 billion for Indian tribes in its portion of the nearly $ 900 billion economic stimulus bill , and a House version to be voted on Wednesday includes a similar amount .
That includes hundreds of millions of dollars for schools , health clinics , roads , law enforcement and water projects .
Dante Desiderio , an economic development policy specialist at the National Congress of American Indians , which has lobbied for the money for the past year , calls the bill a " once in a lifetime opportunity " for tribes .
" It really has the potential to lift our communities out of poverty , " Desiderio said .
Indian Country has a long way to go in terms of reviving tribal economies .
According to the National Congress of American Indians , real per-capita income of Indians living on reservations is still less than half the national average , unemployment is twice that of the rest of the country , and eight of the 10 poorest counties in the United States are on reservations .
That group originally asked for $ 6.1 billion in the stimulus , an amount that they said would generate more than 50,000 jobs .
" It 's not going to allow them to catch up , but its a significant boost , " said North Dakota Sen .
Byron Dorgan , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee who inserted the money into the stimulus .
" This is a group of Americans who have been left behind in many of the basic needs of life . "
Julie Kitka , president of the Alaska Federation of Natives , asked Congress for stimulus dollars at a Senate Indian Affairs hearing earlier this month .
She describes chronically underfunded Indian and Native Alaskan communities as " emerging economies " similar to developing countries around the world that can be hardest hit by an economic downturn .
She says this is a chance for tribes to boost their economies for years to come
" It 's an opportunity to do things right , " she said .
We moved this page here - if you were not automatically redirected , please go to the newer version .
It 's not easy getting your head around what you need to take .
Deep down you know over packing is a terrible idea , but when you have no idea of what may await you it is easy to be scarred into packing for as many possibilities as you and an over - active imagination can fathom .
Let 's be frank , there 's a lot of crap written on travel packing and a lot of scare mongering often featuring on travel sites / blogs , many of which are aimed at mid-range travellers on city or beach trips , or featured in travelogues as examples of ' I took this ' or ' am taking this ' whether or not it is was useful / necessary .
Anyone who has travelled before will feel nothing but disdain at short , ambiguous packing lists in travel magazines , guidebooks and charlatan websites .
Nonetheless it is not easy putting together a list of items to recommend to take .
We are all different , with varying needs and destinations .
However , it is amazing at just how similar needs are and that probably 95 % of independent travellers ( especially those with more time than money ) will be be heading to the same locations and doing roughly the same things .
If you are the other 5 % you will know it .
Deciding what to pack really should not be a big stress .
If you departed with only your passport and ATM card ( assuming there is some money in the bank ) to any major hub ( be it Asia , African or Latin America ) you will be able to find pretty much everything you need - and what you actually ' need ' is very little .
Of course this is not recommended and laying your hands on the best possible items when away and possibly pressed for time is not always easy .
Likewise it is always great to have more that you actually ' need ' and to be able to bring some organisation , security and creature comfort with you .
It is easy to forget we live in a modern , globalised world where many Asian cities are becoming more ( not less ) modern than the Western world .
A world where tourism is the largest global industry and everything possible to cater towards ( and make money from ) visitors is done - including providing any items for sale specific to local circumstances or the whims of those that pass through .
So there you have it .
You can relax .
Or can you ?
You probably still have those niggling doubts and it is worth looking at why we have all become so brain - washed into thinking we need to pack as if we were having dinner with the ambassador one evening , hitting the disco after and heading into the woods to live wild the next .
Well part of it is our own bizarre expectation of what the world is really like .
Nepal , Thailand , Kenya or Guatemala may sound strange and exotic , but all ( and most countries on the planet ) feature big modern cities with a [ okay often small ] part of the population living as you do .
Another core issue is that most packing lists - if they are not trying to sell you something - have yet to catch up with just how small , well travelled [ in places ] and globalised the world has become over the last ten years as emerging markets / countries took huge leaps forwards .
And lastly we have good old vanity to thank .
Wearing the same items of clothing a few days in a row seems strange at home , whilst travelling no one cares !
Washing clothes or buying the odd new outfit is much easier than carrying around spares .
Girls may feel strange without make - up or something to do their hair , but again : no one cares .
If you really do get caught out and need something warmer , smarter , cooler , or to make you more beautiful , just look locally .
Packing for backpacking or backpacking ?
Another big issue is the blur between backpacking travel and backpacking backpacking ( as in the North American definition of self - sufficient living in the wild ) .
The stores you will venture in and the brands you will consider will cater for both .
Thus it is very easy to start considering if you really do need an ice - pick since the backpack you just bought has an attachment for one !
So we can also blame the stores , adverts and sales persons , since they will all be dead keen to sell you said ice - pick , survival bivvi bag , portable shower , wild animal deterrent , cooking stove , Everest grade sleeping bag , anything ... and to put them on a so called travel packing list .
Take for example mosquito coils which appear on many lists : these ( or something better ) are almost always available abroad free or at a fraction of the cost compared to Western countries .
Leaving aside that there are much better ways to tackle mosquitoes .
This page may look like a very long list ( comprehensive is a better word ) , but is well and truly meant to inspire travelling light .
We hope you are not sick of reading already !
Packing and travelling light
You might have read that the happiest traveller will be one who can fit their bag / pack under the seat of a bus or take it as hand luggage on a flight .
You may not believe this is possible , especially when first throwing a few things in a bag .
However , after learning the hard way with 70 - 90 litre packs , every subsequent trip you always try to take less and less and still lament having too much .
Then at last you manage to get everything ( with a few secrets that are shared here ) into a 35 - 45 litre pack that fits neatly under a bus seat or overhead bin and are truly a free and happy traveller who would never ever even consider taking a ' standard ' backpack again to a developing country .
A small portable backpack really is the difference when it comes to independent travel .
The freedom it offers and hassle it removes is worth what you sacrifice in not taking ten times over .
Not to mention the fact that you will be the envy of everyone you meet !
Do n't believe it ?
Sceptical ?
Read on for some reasons why you should , if nothing else , pack light .
The famous saying goes , everything is essential , only some things more than others .
You will have no idea of what you actually need and how little you use when you are away when sitting at home .
Everyone says pack light , but the vast majority of backpackers do n't until they have learnt the hard way - ten reasons why you really should :
Your bag is your life , or at least becomes it .
The smaller it is the less it sticks outs and the less vulnerable you feel .
The closer you can stick to it and less cumbersome it is the happier you will be .
Imagine you are on a bus .
Do you want your bag under the seat in front of you or in the luggage hold or roof above / below / under you ?
A large , bulky , full bag gives less room to fill with souvenirs , becomes a nightmare when using motorcycle - taxis / rickshaws and has to be checked in ( often at extra cost ) and waited for , when taking flights .
The thought of wearing the same thing day in , day out may seem terrible now , but it gets easy with the right clothes , and is always preferable to unpacking your entire bag .
Circumstance are different when on the road with everyone in the same boat .
Nobody cares if they see the same T - shirt two days in a row !
There is no need to take too many clothes as they can be easily washed and dried , normally overnight .
You will need to walk with your pack on freely ( sometimes quickly avoiding touts / traffic ) , sometimes right across town or from hotel to hotel and it's often hot , really hot .
When you do take transport , you can swing a small bag over your front and jump in a taxi / rickshaw with ease , quickly and without having to separate yourself from it .
In addition , leaving your pack in lockers can be a problem if it is huge .
Carrying a large , heavy , bulky bag onto a bus may sound alright , but when it is packed you cannot and are therefore normally separated from it ( it goes on the roof , underneath or is left at the back next to god knows what ) .
It is normally okay there , but this can make you a little paranoid about theft as it does happen .
When using mini-buses that stop at the side of the road - a common way of getting around in many countries - they are normally crowded and have no luggage holds , so your bag comes on with you .
If crowded you 'll whack everyone in the face [ with bag ] finding a seat and might need to buy an extra seat for a large pack .
The same is true of public transport ( notably metro / underground and / or tram systems ) in rush hour where you find the same issue and may have to pay a surcharge a large bag .
If your pack is full it is difficult to get to things without pulling other stuff out , so you do n't use what 's at the bottom , it being easier to wear what you had on yesterday or what is at the top .
You will be uncomfortable moving from town to town ( short hops ) not being able to jump on and off small buses / taxis .
Not to mention that a giant oversize bag does not exactly make you the most confident as you will always feel like you are sticking out .
You will not believe what an advantage it is to be able to travel from A to C with a quick stop off to see a sight at B carrying your bag , rather than having to do it in a separate day trip , wasting time and money .
Quite simply you 'll spend a good deal of time on the road thinking , 'if I had a huge pack or one like that girl / guy we saw at xyz I could not do this ' - of course you need some bulky items , but there is no need to have a 60 plus litre bag .
Not unless you are camping and if so why ?
And the sacrifice ?
Leave behind the camping equipment and sleeping bag .
You wo n't be able to pack supplies for ' wild ' living .
If taking bulky footwear or a thick jacket - keep it on your feet / body .
But hey do n't let this site preach to you .
You can take what you like , but do have a look at a few of the comments received shown at the page bottom and in the guestbook .
Let 's make clear , this is not a definitive list ( but as close as you might come to one ) ; needs and people do vary , as does what is ' essential ' in particular regions .
In reality you need to learn most of the lessons below yourself .
However , if this page persuades you to leave at least one thing at home that you would not need , then it has at least achieved something .
There is of course no such thing as a ' universal ' or ' one - size - fits - all ' packing list .
The biggest differentials are undoubtedly climate and style of travel .
You have to note that this list is geared towards independent travellers with the focus on practicality and weight , and unless where mentioned , within a moderate or tropical climate .
Once again , remember , do n't worry - you could go to most typical backpacker destinations , with only the clothes on your back and buy a backpack , all your medication , cosmetics , clothes and bits and bobs there for much less than at home ( with the possible exception of the essential clothing section below ) .
The famed adage goes : Lay everything out that you really want to take , halve it and take twice as much money .
Unfortunately the best time to pack for a trip is straight after the lessons learned on a previous one .
The most important bit :
The less developed a country you are in and the more you move around the more this ( the advice below ) counts .
The more developed a country you are in and the less you move around ( certainly if you have your own or prearranged transportation ) the less this counts .
It is also worth remembering that this list is not designed to cover every eventuality or circumstance .
It is based on experience , the necessity to keep size / weight down , carry practical items , and what the average backpacker on the average trip would need ( which in fairness is most independent travellers who are not camping ) .
Essential clothing : Clothes may be light , but they are also bulky , so it is advisable to take a minimum and what you do take should be of decent quality and fit for as many purposes as possible .
It is best to buy a good part of the following items in a developed country , i.e. your home country or when on a trip in developed hubs .
At least a few sturdy / quality items from either specialist outdoor / travel clothing company or decent clothing bands will ensure durability , functionality and that you feel good in what you wear .
The below ideas of quantity ( they are only ideas , each individual has to travel with what he / she feels comfortable with ) include what you would wear to initially ( leave ) travel in .
No more than two T - shirts or similar .
You could keep one to mess up and / or sleep in if needed ( buy locally , you might acquire one as a souvenir ) and the other could be a nicer moisture wicking polyester / cotton type or similar , made from a special fabric designed to suck sweat away from your body .
You can always buy and discard more on the road .
When you sweat and need to wash / dry in a hurry , modern synthetics are the business .
Many prefer to take a polo shirt or short - sleeve shirt instead of T - shirt since it is smarter , can have its collar turned up ( to block out the sun ) and be worn with a T - shirt underneath if the temperature drops .
One polo shirt and one T - shirt is a good mix .
Women will be able to pack a few little vest - tops without taking up much room .
As above moisture wicking fabric or breathable cotton can increase comfort since it is important to remember that depending on where you are going , you are probably going to sweat a lot .
A shirt and / or a polo shirt .
At least one item with long sleeves ( if these can be rolled up and fastened , even better ) .
Shirts really are the way to go .
They are the one item of clothing that will make you look less of a tourist and are practical in many ways .
Their front pockets are pretty secure and easy to access when sitting down ( i.e. paying bus fares ) .
They can look and feel both casual and smart , are cooling ( after your head , the second best way to lose heat is through the neck area ) and sleeves plus up turned collars are great sun / wind blockers .
See one of many comments .
The importance of having at least one item of clothing with long sleeves , even if a thin cotton top , cannot be overstated since sun and insect protection can be paramount .
If you want to blend in as much as possible when away , long sleeve shirts as opposed to T - Shirts are the clothing item of choice for much of the developing world .
However , bear in mind you will never blend in completely and those who try often end up looking pretty comical .
It 's amazing just how funny a sari worn with a pair of Teva sandals can look !
Keeping warm
For all climates ... no matter where or which climate you are heading to , pack yourself a thin , lightweight [ micro ] fleece ( or something similarly warm and light ) and an ultra- lightweight ( very thinly filled ) down jacket .
Even in the warmest of climes it can get pretty chilly on airplanes , air - conditioned buses / trains and during early mornings / late evenings ( among others , SE Asian transport is notorious for fierce air - con ) .
Light weight or ' ultra - lightweight ' ( as they are sometimes called ) down jackets with minimum fill can compress down to the size of a large orange and are great to have on hand ( Uniqlo for cheap versions ) .
If you do n't use , carrying around is no great hardship and if / when needed pack impressive warmth .
For somewhere a little cooler ...
Upgrade your micro fleece for something a little thicker and perhaps get a better ( more technical / expensive / hooded ) micro down jacket .
Worth considering as a great small and light duo to complement a fleece and / or down jacket is a very thin water / wind - resistant jacket ( typically sold / designed for running ) .
This can compress / pack small and be worn separately , together or with a fleece / jumper .
It will keep light rain / snow out and block all wind making anything worn underneath seem much , much warmer .
For somewhere cold and maybe wet / miserable ...
Simply upgrade the fleece to something thicker / warmer and the outer jacket to a full - on waterproof shell with a hood to keep out all wind / rain .
When it will be really cold add warmth with thermal underwear - vest / leggings -( merino wool T and polo shirts are excellent options ) and if really necessary a decent down jacket and hat will give you the most warmth for space you can find and are a great investment .
If you wish you could also compliment a hat / gloves with a neck gaiter , but then you are ready to tackle even the coldest winter .
Whatever you go for take care to buy as much insulation for space as possible - you can always layer for extra warmth .
It 's useful for any fleece to have pockets and a front zip so it can be zipped up to cover your neck ( warmer ) or down ( cooler ) .
You'd be mad to take any clothes to keep you warm that are made out of cotton .
Keeping warm / cool :
It 's not easy putting together a guide like this with so many varying climates across so many destinations and you will see much of the focus here is on keeping cool , as most budget travellers head to the tropics or to Oz / Europe / America during the summer period , when staying warm is less of a concern and keeping cool is more important .
However , if you are going somewhere that you have a feeling might be cold and have reason for not wanting to buy something while there , then having sufficient clothing is really worthwhile , as you generally spend most of your time outside walking around , which is hard to enjoy wearing a thin fleece in a biting wind .
Wind chill ( and damp ) has an underestimated effect and if you feel you will be wearing it most of the time in a miserable climate then a decent Gore - Tex ( light ) jacket will stop the wind cutting through you and keep any rain out .
Recommended , for example , in a European or North Asian winter .
As a very rough rule , if you are travelling mid-( northern hemisphere ) winter north of an imaginary horizontal line that can be drawn on a map through Hanoi , Nouakchott ( North Africa ) and Gujarat ( India ) , then days - depending how far north of this line you are - will be mild ( Delhi , Luxor ) to cold ( Beijing , Istanbul ) , but mornings or evenings will certainly be cold enough to warrant a second ( or thicker ) fleece , warm under - clothes or down jacket .
The same is true for mid -( southern hemisphere ) winter south of an imaginary line dawn on a map through northern Australia , Southern Brazil and Botswana .
As always if you are lucky enough to be going on a long trip through many regions over many months do n't panic by packing great bulky warm clothing for a cold stop on your trip months down the line - simply buy en route .
Two pairs of trousers ( pants ) .
Quick drying , light travel types ( whether basic cotton or made from a special fabric produced by an outdoor clothing company ) .
Some are fitted with internal secure pockets , others you can fit something similar yourself with a little innovation if you think you need .
The material should ideally be such you can wash and dry overnight .
For the second pair a slightly heavier material might be better especially if you expect cool weather .
Convertibles are a popular choice , but not for everyone , since not all wish to wear shorts and these trousers often do n't look too great converted or otherwise .
Likewise they can never never double up as something smarter if needed .
Make your own choice , but get at least one nice hard - wearing comfortable pair and maybe the second pair less ' outdoors ' in appearance and smarter , more fashionable .
Basic cotton trousers can be bought with ease and cheaply in Asia or elsewhere on the road .
Women could take one pair of trousers and see skirt recommendations below .
It would be worth avoiding anything too tight on the rear if heading to India or a Muslim country ( excluding modern Gulf States like the UAE or Indonesia )
For the vast majority of destinations , do yourself a favour and leave the jeans at home if heading somewhere hot and wishing to travel light ( if you change your mind , hit a cooler climate or want to feel like you are blending in western style - cultures , you can always buy a pair locally for next to nothing ) .
Jeans are the first item most want to pack , since we all have a pair and are use to wearing them , but in over 25 degrees C they are not the best , plus being heavy to lug around and difficult to wash / dry .
Chinos , cargo pants or simple cotton are some much of a better option .
You 'll be forgiven if you do n't like or feel awkward in trousers / pants sold as ' travel / outdoor ' since most are cut very baggy in light colours with a ridiculous number of pockets .
This goes for many other clothing items marketed as ' outdoor / travel ' , but is particularly relevant to trousers / pants .
Such styles and / or features can be brilliant for certain situations , but not if you want to head out to a club or feel a bit smarter .
As with shirts , if you feel the item is a decent quality , light , comfortable ( in it , in the climate where you are going ) and you feel good , then do n't worry about taking something from a regular clothing brand that might be a little better fitting and smarter .
You 'll almost certainly look less like a tourist and remember where you take two or more of any clothing item , best that they are of different styles , thickness , smartness , etc .
Wrap - around or other long skirts are great for females who may get a lot of unwanted attention ( normally in Asia ) for showing too much skin and should be sensitive to the culture , particularly in religious areas .
Such a skirt also comes in handy for making bathroom stops au - naturel with a little privacy , say when your bus pulls over by a field for a toilet stop .
Girls , depending on their destination should also consider packing a thin lace or cotton cardigan to cover shoulders / midriff when wearing a vest - type top and wishing to enter a religious building or , and especially in Southern Asia or the Islamic world , it makes sense not to show any midrift and in some cases pick up locally a tunic - like light cotton top that hangs long down over your rear , that you 'll see locals and other travellers with .
Some also recommend [ for female travellers ] leggings to provide a lightweight and fast drying alternative to jeans that can help make you feel more ' normal ' when hitting a cosmopolitan city on your travels .
As long as you can hide the waistband and any revealing areas you feel uncomfortable with , they look just like skinny fit jeans .
They also double up as extra insulation if you get too cold .
Swim - wear :
If you think you might need some , grab a pair of swimmers ( girls - see text on the right ) that are fairly lightweight , do n't take up loads space and are quick drying .
Wearing shorts will pretty much always make you stick out as a tourist , sometimes command you less respect and will not allow you to enter most churches , mosques and temples .
You will almost never see locals wearing them , however if you want to take a pair of shorts ( and ca n't use your swim wear as a substitute when on a beach ) feel free .
Female swim - wear & modesty issues Tourist - patronized beach resorts across the world ( e.g. Southern and South East Asia or South / Central America ) are fairly liberal ( or at least the tourist population acts so ) and what is acceptable in Europe normally goes ( with the general exception of topless bathing ) .
A sensible costume ( two pieces is fine ) is best , but the rule is really whatever you would feel comfortable in at home in front of your parents .
In more sensitive areas and off tourist beaches , wearing a T - shirt and even sarong over your costume may be necessary as local women will probably bathe fully clothed .
Underwear : it 's recommended ( guys ) to take only a few pairs , let 's say about three to six ( you can wash them ! ) .
Moisture - wicking , non-chafe , fast - drying underwear ( e.g. Lowe Alpine Dry - Flo , Under - Armour or ExOfficio brand ) is expensive , but comfortable in a hot climate , very easy to wash , extremely fast drying and some are even odour resistant !
Women will no doubt take more pairs of knickers ( they are smaller ) plus a bra or two of which one might be a ( sometimes very useful ) sports bra .
It 's really not worth taking anything that 's white .
Underwear is quite a personal thing and difficult to talk about as everyone will have their own ( hygiene ) standards .
Do remember , you can always buy more on route if needed ( although larger sizes will struggle in Asia ) .
How many pairs of socks you might need , depends very much on what footwear you take , the climate and how often you will be inclined to wash them .
Around three to six pairs is a good basic rule of thumb , although if you wo n't be able to wash them frequently and will be walking a lot in a hot climate , a few more would be good , since the last thing you want is a fungal infection .
Note even if you are travelling only with sandals , take at least one pair of socks .
As with underwear , spending a little bit of money on technical fabrics makes good sense .
There are many technical socks on the market and you will be spoilt for choice .
CoolMax works well and will dry easily , but gets very funky , very quickly .
Socks with a silver fibre ( anti- microbial ) weaved into the foot area are available from a few producers and can cut down on the funk , but are quite expensive .
As with underwear , socks are easy to buy en-route ( aside from in Asia , in the case you need a very large size ) : sometimes they 're cheaper than laundry !
Where does all this stuff come from ?
Over the last decade there has been somewhat of a fabric revolution fuelled by increased long - haul travel , meaning options and innovations are better now than ever .
That said , modern day travel clothing is often still quite expensive , but well worth the investment for a few must have hard - wearing items .
It is also now possible to find items that do n't make you look like a 19th century African explorer .
However , not all your clothing need be US $ 200 priced North Face 's or Patagonia 's latest offering - having said that anything that makes you feel cool or is light / compact is well worth the investment .
Hunt around and especially in the summer you might find some practical items in high street stores ( particularly for women or for men , standard cotton ( business ) shirts - see comment ) .
They may not be as hard - wearing and you may need to fit secure pockets , but are a good price .
The same goes for picking up clothing whilst on the road , especially thin cotton garments in Southern Asia , South East Asia and Central America .
Otherwise , the internet provides access to some great bargains on travel focused clothing .
In the UK there are many web - based discounters .
USoutdoor or MooseJaw come recommended in US / Canada .
Packing advice Consider some packing aids aka .
pack - it cubes ( Eagle Creek among others sell them ) or alternatives to keep clothing together and compressed .
Netted bags are useful for items like underwear , so are freezer bags , zip - lock bags or a pillow case to keep dirty items separate .
Another good idea is to simply keep things together with thick elastic bands .
As a general rule , it 's always wise to avoid thick ' cotton ' items of clothing or underwear .
They do n't dry well , can mould easily in the seams if they are dampish when packed and weigh more that synthetic blends .
Sure you have heard it before , but it 's better ( not to mention easier ) to roll than fold .
One email comment suggested putting all the tightly rolled items in plastic bag , squeezing out the air , and wrapping with a couple of elastic bands , but this does n't sound very practical !
For practical , Eagle Creek ( or similar ) pack - it cubes are well worth the investment .
Bottom line : Bring clothes you are comfortable in and like !
If they are light and practical all the better .
Footwear :
So what do you wear on your feet ?
It is easy to obsess over footwear .
How much you worry will depend on how many pairs you think you needed to take and how varied the climate will be in your destination .
Not all footwear is created equal .
Some options are light and compact and thus when not on your feet store easily in or on your bag without adding too much weight .
Other choices such as hiking boots , high heels or those with thick soles are poorly suited to hot weather or day - to - day wear , and when not on your feet take up loads of room in a bag .
The best recommendation is always to take only one pair , or one pair ( on your feet ) and very light / compact second option ( in your bag ) .
If you are going somewhere with a hot or mild climate ( the vast majority of destinations ) as long as what you have on your feet is cool and comfortable - there is little to worry about .
If you do have a second pair in your bag this is where you need to think harder in that it wo n't take up too much space / weight and be for a highly specialised purpose you probably wo n't need .
If your trip means you can get away with only one pair , life if much easier .
Pick one pair or a combination of the following :
Sandals :
In hot climates ( e.g. Southeast or Southern Asia and Central / Caribbean America ) there is no beating the air on your feet and , in the tropics sandals [ open footwear ] are the choice of most travellers and locals alike .
Such sandals normally fall into two categories : either the sports sandals type or basic flip - flops ( as pictured ) .
Those often referred to as sports sandals and known as a sometimes unpopular icon of the modern backpacker are epitomised by the brand Teva ( they do n't have to be Teva , there are many brands and loads of choice ) , have solid moulded soles , good foot straps and are made from strong modern fabric .
They are comfortable to walk in , quick drying , sturdy and often lightweight - the perfect ' shoe ' for warm weather .
It is possible to complete long trips with only sandals and still do a fair bit of walking .
If it 's hot at your destination , you 're not squeamish about having exposed feet at all times ( say after rain in a dirty city ) , do n't plan to visit smart nightclubs or up - market restaurants and you do n't plan a full - scale trek , you could go with just sandals - either the sturdier ' sport ' versions referred to above or if you feel comfortable walking in them , the light flip - flops , type mentioned below which are more common with locals .
Light flip - flops , ( thong / jandals ) type sandals which can always be bought locally , are normally very lightweight and pack neatly .
These , at least for most , are no good for walking long distances in , so a comfortable pair and / or normal [ closed ] footwear , as an alternative , are recommended .
If taking closed footwear these are perfect as a hot weather / beach / shared - bathroom footwear option that will not take up much room and are super light .
Never keen to recommend brands , but Teva do a great range of cheap , super light / comfortable flip - flops ( thong ) type sandals for both men and women .
See comment .
Although these will never be as comfortable or sturdy as the ' sport ' sandal variety they are sometimes preferred ( for good reason ) by those aiming not to appear as a stereotypical ' backpacker ' , although that of course needs more than just a change of footwear !
As a third option and half way between sandals and shoes , worth mentioning are very heavily vented shoes , these are often footwear designed for water use ( such as rafting ) .
You get much more of shoe and protection for your feet , while still having something super cooling in hot climates .
Equally worth mentioning are minimalistic / barefoot running shoes .
Look for a pair with little heel / side support ( so the back of the heel / sides will fold flat into the shoe for storage ) and with ( as they typically already have ) very thin soles .
The lightest options in the Mizuno range are a good example .
They take up zero room and are super light ( less than 200 - 300 grams a pair ) if you will be carring them when wearing sandles most of the time .
Nevertheless with all of these options , when it rains you have almost no protection zero protection from wet feet , but when it is crazy hot , who cares ?
Waterproof socks are an option if it is cooler .
Most running / walking footwear has basic venting but does not help that much to keep your feet cool in really hot climates .
The ultra - thin soles plus collapsible sides and great venting of minimalistic running shoes really help pack - ability .
These are a perfect cross between sandals and shoes to protect your feet / toes in / for a hot environment .
For girls pumps are a similar option .
Small , light and packable .
Remember if it will be cold and wet , you 'll need better shoes .
Low cut light running shoes or trail running shoes ( there are many outdoor / running brands ) are prefect for trekking and cooler weather or when you 're just not into sandals and / or want closed footwear to keep your feet clean / safe or simply something with more padding or smarter for say getting into a club .
Whatever pair you select make sure they are broken in before you hit the road .
Basic sandals are always available abroad , good shoes are not ( in less developed countries anyway - you will now find them in big Asian capitals ) .
If you expect rain or wet weather , then Gore - Tex lined versions are a very worthy investment .
If these are going to spend time in your bag at any point ( while you wear light open footwear ( sandles ) in hot climites ) them any sacrficices you make in a slightly lighter , less ridged and thinner soled verson are worth the compromise .
Big hiking boots take up a lot of room and are heavy / bulky to carry .
They are hell in hot weather and you will go through socks very quickly , constantly having to wash them and continually having smelly feet .
These could be the worst thing you take .
Many travellers strap them to the outside of their bags or wear them when on the move .
Think about where you are going , the temperature , altitude and any must - do treks , i.e. Nepal , Peru and New Zealand ( and if you will actually do them ) .
It 's only when trekking in cool mountainous regions with difficult terrain ( most major trek are along cut trails ) that you might feel you need the extra ankle support a boot offers , but from a standard travel point of view , low - cut ( compact ) , cool and light is the way to go .
If you need waterproofing buy a Gore - Tex version or add a pair of waterproof socks .
Quite frankly in many , many popular destinations it is just too hot to wear serious hiking boots and they are quite unnecessary .
Packing advice : Ideally the best place to pack shoes is on your feet as there will likely be bulky items .
However if you have to pack a pair ( say you are wearing sandals ) , the best way is to compress them together , one on top of the other , facing but fitting front to back .
Then take a piece of strong string and wrap it around them .
Stand on the shoes , compressing them and shorten the string so the two ends just meet .
Make a loop on one end of the string and fix a strong clip on the other , so that they can be easily fastened , keeping your footwear as compact as possible .
Chances are you might not have room in your pack , and for this reason you 'll see many travellers who make provisions to hang footwear on the outside of their packs .
Lastly , most modern footwear does have anti-bacterial liners , but if yours are a little old or absent , new full strength , anti-bacterial linings / pads are a god-send , since in hot weather things do get a little funky .
Okay where does this leave me , what should I take ?
The choices : Footwear is probably the most difficult area to talk about when it comes to packing and of significant influence to your trip and the size of your bag .
To summarise here are your main options :
Option 1 : I am just going to a hot / tropical climate in one region ( i.e. South East Asia ) , will not be doing any big walks and understand I must keep my feet covered with insect repellent at certain times .
I 'm also not too squeamish and understand that on the odd occasion my feet will be open to some less than clean streets - take only sandals .
Or only sandals with a super small / light / packable closed pair as back - up .
Really keeps your pack small / light and you get to wear a nice pair that support your feet and are practically uncovered walking shoes with thick soles .
Your feet stay cool and you 'll be wearing the same as most locals .
See comment .
You can always wear socks with them if your feet get too cold such as on , say air - conditioned night bus , but at almost all times it 'll be too hot to wear normal shoes comfortably .
If for any reason you need something formal / alternative , you 'll make a cheap local purchase .
Option 2 : It is going to be fairly cool / cold where I am going ( I am not moving around , i.e. single climate , European / N.American winter ) and even with the temperature I want to trek / climb .
It may also be wet - take shoes appropriate to the climate .
i.e. good shoes for real cold ( China or Japan in the winter ) or heavily vented shoes for warmer slightly varied dry climates ( East Africa ) .
Trail running - type trainers are perfect , sturdy , light and very comfortable for walking .
They are produced by most major outdoor companies and come in varying weight , waterproofing and venting .
If you want to go simple a pair of low cut Converse or similar will do .
Coupling with nice thick sock such as a merino wool pair , will add loads of warmth and padding .
You could purchase a new pair in any major Asian capital and / or pick up flip - flop type sandals on the way if you need them and / or hitting the beach .
Option 3 : I am doing a trip across different climates , regions and altitudes .
I like to walk and plan to trek at some stage - take both shoes and sandals .
First timers and those unsure should take both , especially if they have limited info about regions and will visit more than one .
Sandals should really be the light and compact flip - flop variety that can be stored easily in or on the outside of a pack , without adding too much weight .
If necessary wearing the shoes ( trail - running variety as per option 2 ) when carry your bag to keep its size down .
You do not need any more footwear than this .
Remember both can be bought ( of limited varying quality ) abroad , basic sandals being easier .
Remember you could start with one or the other , get somewhere like Australia and buy more or send one pair home .
And lastly .... a rock of sense - if you feel you need heavy footwear for certain areas and are making a loop , perhaps through the capital , most guesthouses wo n't mind you leaving your footwear or anything else to pick up later .
A good example would be for trekking in Nepal / N. Thailand / N.India .
On your way south , leave your footwear in Kathmandu / Bangkok / Delhi before heading to lowland warmer areas .
Chances are you will be passing through the capital again on the way to another destination or flight .
The same can be done for bulky clothing needed for colder regions .
Other essentials :
Trek - type towel : the ones that claim to absorb several 100 % of their weight and are fast - drying .
Viscose is one of the materials available ( feels like soft , fluffy leather ) , but there are now many other types such as Micro Fibre ( which is anti-bacterial and has a toweling feel ) .
Frequently recommended and the subject many a glowing review are those produced by Discovery Trekking .
They are akin to wicking fabric and stay fresh with their ' Ultra Fast - dry Towel ' being the best on the market .
Some do still however prefer a much bulkier small ' normal ' thin cotton towel over the above mentioned travel variety as these can take a bit of getting use to .
Whatever you take make sure you have some tassels on two corners of your towel in order to hang it up to dry .
It 's funny , in some countries , normally the less developed ones ( generally , when you go a few dollars above rock bottom accommodation rates ) , you do n't use your towel once and in others , you end up using it every day .
If you do get fed up of your little travel towel you can always spend a bit more on a slightly nicer hotel and get a ' real ' soft white fluffy towel at least for one night .
Hostels will sometimes hire towels and some of the more progressive ones even offer them for free .
With all travel towels , note that the sizes they come in are pretty small and you may need to take two or get an X - large if you have long hair and / or want one to wrap completely around your body .
Umbrella : a light compact ( micro ) one .
A waterproof jacket is on the whole not recommended over an umbrella in most situations ( you will sweat in one , it will be bulky and a pain to repack when wet ) unless doing a lot of trekking ( or other activity that will means you are outside for long periods in climates known to be wet ) or going somewhere you know it to be mild and likely very wet ( Europe / NZ / North Asia winter ) .
A waterproof jacket can be very handy in a cold climate as a windproof item , but in tropical climates not so great .
It 's worth understanding that if you arrive somewhere like New Zealand and find continuing rain , you can buy something locally .
However , if you do find it really wet , nothing will keep you 100 % dry ( your legs / feet will get wet ) in heavy rain , such as tropical rain , and in most cases you just can't do anything , except wait for the rain to let up .
Two people could share one umbrella and cheap plastic ponchos are often available to help to some extent ( worth keeping an emergency one in your bag ) .
Do a little research and try not to end up somewhere in the wet season if you can help it , although it can have some advantages in a few cases .
If the climate is cool / mild , notorious for rain and you plain to trek , you are strongly advised to add a pair of waterproof trousers and ensure your shoes are Gore - Tex lined - otherwise somewhere like Patagonia during Spring / Autumn you may have a miserable time or skip many activities .
Emailed comment : ' So far I have experienced only about 30 totally ( i.e. rained from dawn to dusk ) wet days in over a thousand days or so on the road and when it does normally rain it is only for a few hours and during that time the rain is so heavy that unless you have full water - proofs ( top , bottom and shoes ) you get wet to some degree anyway .
When and after it rains , water - proof ( Gore - Tex ) footwear really makes a difference since it 's hard to avoid every puddle !'
Platypus style water bottles ( go flat when not used ) :
These are great when trekking and dare it be said , as a pee bottle .
However , if you are not likely to do those , pick up water bottles on the way - you get one free every time you buy water , with a tight seal and a fresh smell , something a bought bottle will not maintain for that long .
In Nepal , Guatemala , South America and many other places , you can buy straps that fit over a 1.5 ltr water bottle for easy carrying .
These are handy .
Also make sure any caps are very tightly screwed on a water bottle whether in your bag ( not a good idea ) or when on the move as vibrations from buses tend to unscrew the tightest tops .
The only times a woman will absolutely need a simple head covering are in Iran , Saudi Arabia ( where in both you also need a mid- length jacket to hide form ) and visiting some mosques .
These are easily bought locally and can be handy / worth having in Pakistan , Eastern Turkey and less developed Gulf states .
Baseball hat : is useful when on open ( windy ) transport and to keep serious sun off your face .
A bandana can also be useful , if you want to pack one , because you can use it for many purposes such as protecting your face / mouth / nose / neck from dust , sun and wind .
If you feel you are particularly sensitive to the sun then a wide - brimmed hat is probably a must , although you wo n't see too many travellers wearing them .
Sarong ( great covering , clothing , skirt , towel - you name it ) : you can pick this up en route anywhere there is a tourist beach and they come highly recommended for a multitude of ever surprising uses .
Knife , fork and / or spoon :
Only really useful in more developed countries where high food and eating out costs force you into self - catering .
Purpose designed compact sets can be bought or the regular versions ' acquired ' on the road .
Actually the plastic set from your airline meal is good enough .
Saves you from having to check your bag on a flight as with a pen-knife or metal versions and to access such delights as yogurts even in developing countries when you get fed up with breakfasts on offer .
A lightweight ( camping style ) plastic bowl can also be quite useful in some cases , as it can be used , amongst other things to eat cereal in .
Where food costs are quite high and supermarkets plentiful , being able to eat cereal or knock up a sandwich is a quick and cheap meal .
However , somewhere like South or Southeast Asia where food is cheap and supermarkets scarce , a bowl would be pretty useless and is far from a necessity anywhere .
In developed countries where you can stay in hostels they normally have a full kitchen for guest use .
The jury is out on taking a Swiss army or other ( Leatherman ) knife .
There are many uses if on a long trip such as peeling fruit and having a can-opener , corkscrew and bottle opener when self - catering - the tweezers are useful too .
However if you are travelling light , taking a few flights and want to take advantage of the added bonus ( for so many reasons ) of taking your gear as hand luggage on a flight obviously forget about a knife - you can live without it or buy one locally .
In some parts of the world there are one too many stories circulating ( as featured in Around the world in 80 scams ) of corrupt police attempting to extort money for carrying a knife in places like Mexico - so be warned .
A Leatherman micra is handy since it is compact with a short blade and comes with a good pair of scissors ( but not a can opener ) .
Not necessarily essential , but something found to be very useful [ when staying in cheap accommodation ] for its size , is a lightweight sleeping sack / sleeping bag liner - the best type is a silk one ( these are good value in NZ , but otherwise quite expensive - see resources page for link for purchase from NZ , delivered worldwide ) - they are warmer in the cold and cooler in the heat than cotton .
They also pack up a lot smaller than cotton .
They 're pretty tiny really - smaller than an apple , and give you peace of mind , no matter where you end up bedding down .
A sleeping sack will give you your own space every night , will allow you to stay in low cost / dirty accommodation , can be used in rented sleeping bags , or under dusty / itchy blankets and provides great flexibility .
A sleeping sheet / sack also means that you save money by not having to rent sheets in some hostels and can be used when a cheap hotel simply does n't supply a top sheet or seems less than clean .
You do not need a sleeping bag ...
You do not need a sleeping bag ( if the size of your bag is any consideration to you ) ; there are always blankets or bags for hire if needed .
Plus do you really think you will be checking into hostels / hotels and them not provide any bedding ?
Over 100 countries down , thousands of days on the road and no one connected with this site has ever absolutely needed one - unless of course camping .
Sure there are times ( outdoor holidays ) when you need one or when one would be nice ( but so would a pillow ) , but look into it very , very carefully .
Most travellers end up with a small lightweight bag that gives no real warmth in the extreme situations when you need to rent one or pile on the blankets .
In hostels ( European summer - perfect example ) bed bugs thrive and are easily picked up on sleeping bags - which many hostels ban for this very reason .
It does get cold sometimes at night in surprising situations ( i.e. deserts ) - these are simply the times that you ask for extra blankets or spend that little extra on a nicer ( warmer ) room or wear something warm to bed .
No hotel or hostel is going to let you freeze to death .
Okay a train or bus might be cold at night , but a better jumper or jacket is so much more versatile than a sleeping bag that has such a limited application .
In addition , a sleeping sack will give you the cleanliness benefits of a sleeping bag that is often their false selling point .
The great sleeping bag debate
The great sleeping bag debate , ( and you thought Malaria medication was a hot topic ) .
Many e-mails have been received from obviously experienced travellers putting the point forward that a sleeping bag is a must take .
Our opinion regarding the need to take a sleeping bag is stated above , however in order to present a balanced argument and hopefully to put this matter to bed once and for all ( excuse the pun ) , let 's look at the following comments :
' From my experiences I have found that sleeping bags are an absolute necessity for most countries especially if you are spending any time in them and they are necessary in some seasons / areas of theoretically hot countries e.g. cheap hotels in Peru and Bolivia do not provide sufficient blankets to keep you warm .
Highland areas in Laos , Vietnam etc. can be very cold at night .'
From visits to both Peru and Bolivia and also to the highland areas of Laos and Vietnam , in mid-winter - you can say for sure yes it can be pretty cold at night .
However , blankets can be had ; one night in Bolivia ( thought would be a cold one ( at 3000 metres ) ) we asked for extra blankets and was offered tens of them .
Piled most of them on over my clean sleeping sack and thermals and woke up at four in the morning , sweating !
Sure it 's not an ideal situation , but these kind of high altitude extreme temperatures are rare occurrences and not generally experienced for long durations - travellers move on .
In all the areas listed above there are many guest houses and it is easy enough when checking out a room to ask if you could have some extra blankets .
You will also find that the Footprint South America and other guides list places to stay with heating - very nice and if for a few nights and if you have to pay $ 5 or so more for a room to save from having to carry around a sleeping bag , so be it .
' I recommend sleeping bags as being multi-purpose ( just as a sarong is ) .
A sleeping bag can serve as a mattress in very basic hotels and as a mattress in lower class sleepers in Indian trains etc .
Sleeping bags also serve as cushions when taking long , hard trips in buses or trains in various parts of the world . '
Again true , but they serve as cushions no more so than a sleeping sac can or a fleece ( you will need one anyway ) stuffed into a bag .
It is not that much more to take a higher class train in India or find a hotel with an okay mattress .
Work it out against the cost of your sleeping bag and having to carry it around .
Maybe if you need padding it would be a good idea to take a therma-rest ( camping mat ) .
Stop and think .
People live in these places too , do they freeze at night ?
If the worst came to the worst , could you not get a better room or even buy a blanket ( they cost next to nothing ) .
Also do n't forget if you are going to cold places ( do your home work before you go ) you will need to take warm clothes - thermal underwear , beanie hats and fleeces are all far more multi-purpose than a sleeping bag when it comes to allocating space in your bag ( they can keep you warm in both the day and night ) .
This is obviously a very controversial issue and we 'll hold our hands up and say , yes okay there are a few times when a sleeping bag would be nice or you 'll needed to pay to rent one , but with warm clothes , quite simply a good sleeping bag takes up too much space and is incompatible with travelling light especially when 90 % of backpacking travel takes place in tropical temperatures or at least moderate climates .
Ironically the several times when a sleeping bag would be fantastic are nights in hot climates while on overnight buses / trains that have crazy air conditioning cranked right up all night long .
Just to balance the argument , here is another email : ' I 'd suggest sleeping bags are unnecessary for those travelling along well established routes with good hotel and transport infrastructure ' ( most places ) .
' For something beyond that especially if you are going to spend some considerable time beyond the possibility of finding a more comfortable hotel , renting or upgrading in cold / high regions , a sleeping bag is much closer to a necessity . ' - like this one , but must warn - do n't panic !
It is unlikely you will really get off the beaten track like this on your regular backpacking ' walk - about ' for extended lengths of time .
One of the few ways you can is when making your own way .
That is to go ( often on foot or by private car / bike ) where very few go , thus there is little support and you would likely be carrying a tent , camping gear and sleeping bag anyway .
First aid and cosmetics :
Medical kit Medical kit : make your own up and keep it small - just what you need to get through any bad times / emergencies until you next get to a pharmacy .
Pharmacies abroad are normally excellent , easily located and 9 out of 10 times someone there will speak English , Spanish ( in Latin America ) or French ( in West Africa ) .
So while away or before you head off , pick up only a couple of doses / treatments of the following suggestions :
Lip salve with sun protection , cold / flu pills ( with decongestant ) , something for a sore throat , plasters ( band aids ) , condoms , antiseptic / antibiotic cream , diarrhoea blocker , Pepto - Bismol or similar ( Bismuth : upset stomach and diarrhoea reliever , pill form easier to carry ) , alcohol based hand - rub ( or bar of soap in box ) , Hydrocortisone cream ( 2 % ) or something else to treat insect bites , oral rehydration salts ( ORT ) , needle ( maybe part of a mini- sewing kit ) for blisters , perhaps a forehead digital thermometer and of course plenty of pain killers .
If you feel you 'll need them , then to the above list you can add : anti-fungal cream , laxative , hang - over remedy , travel / motion sickness pills , ( on longer trips ) mouth ulcer ( aka canker sores ) treatment ( especially if taking Chloroquine malaria medication ) , an antidopaminergic [ suppresses vomiting / nausea ] such as ( Domperidone ) , anti-parasitic ( Tinidazole for Guardia or amoebic dysentery ) , anti-histamine pills , and syringes and needles ( but do n't go mad and only if really heading off the beaten track - generally these are not something you really need to carry around with you ) .
In practice you can and will be able to buy and replenish supplies of any common medication you need while travelling .
All things medical are available cheaply and plentifully on the road .
There is very little point in weighing yourself down with a huge first aid kit .
For example Salbutamol / Ventalin inhalers are available in major Asian cities at a quarter of European prices .
The same goes with anti-malarial 's in Bangkok , Nairobi , Dar es Salaam and similar .
If you need to carry unusual prescription medicine , check it is legal in the country you are visiting and take a photocopy of the prescription .
For ideas and details of Malaria medication see the before you go section , but as a general note , this can be bought cheaply in Asia / Africa too .
Wash kit Wash kit : you 'll need some shampoo , toothpaste , deodorant / antiperspirant and a toothbrush + razor - all of which and other such items ( hair gel , conditioner , soap , etc. ) are always available along the road in neat , small and cheap travel friendly quantities , so take the absolute minimum .
If you can help it , you need have no item in your wash kit or anywhere else in your bag , greater than 50 - 100 ml , i.e. little travel size bottles you 'll find if you hunt around and certainly when travelling , they 'll hold enough for a few weeks ' use , when at which point you can purchase more .
This makes even more sense if you plan to take your bag as carry - on on flights .
As is common knowledge regulations are in force limiting you to 100 ml of liquid / cream / paste per item .
This bullshit which started in Europe quickly spread around the world , although outside N.America and Europe airport security is n't quite as clear and you 'll see all variations of notices ranging from a total ban to limited amounts .
If you hunt around you can find solid ( soap like ) shampoo ( Lush sell it ) which along with olive oil soap is often recommended as highly multipurpose ( from skin to clothes to hair ) and cuts down on liquids .
Shaving cream - the tiny bottles of Silicon based cream ( non-soap ) which go incredibly far are highly recommended .
The brand ' King of Shaves ' is the most common ( there are other ) and is far better than having to carry a bulky can and / or shaving brushes .
E - mailed comment : ' I 've been using it [ King of Shaves ] and travelling with that product for years .
A tiny bottle will last a long time and a little goes very far ' .
Equally in many parts of Asia it 's easy and very cheap to get a shave from numerous barbers on or off the street ( hopefully one whom uses a new blade for every new client ) .
Do n't forget nail clippers if you are away for a good while and maybe a pair of tweezers .
A cover for the end of your tooth brush , to stop it messing things up when re-packed may be handy .
Dental floss ( not tape ) is also often recommended since it can double as a strong thread for other jobs .
A travel washing line ( twisted elastic - no need for pegs ) can be useful if away for an extended period and washing clothes regularly .
Some couple this with a universal sink plug , but it's not too hard to find a bucket if you need to wash clothes .
Washing powder can be bought in small quantities locally , cheaply ; so can laundry soap .
Having a washing line and sink plug can make any washing you do much easier .
See washing clothes in ' on the road ' section .
Some emails have recommended ' Wet - Wipes ' the disposable hand cleaning wet tissues that most commonly find their way onto babies ' bottoms .
Good for freshening up after dirty travel or if you can't shower or getting some of the grime of third - world travel off you .
Hand sanitizer ( no water required ) also comes recommended particularly if you are eating on the go or hygienically minded and is one thing you might struggle to find abroad .
Equally you will want to take - and keep in easy reach - at least a small supply of something to wash your hands with and tissue / toilet paper - a handy pack is fine to start with since it 's easily replenished .
Sun block / cream : you will of course need some , but not in numerous different factors and huge quantities unless you are heading away specifically to lie in the sun .
Pick up a small tube of the best quality lotion you can find .
One you can use sparingly , will let you build up a base tan ( if you can ) , is oil - free , water / sweat resistant and will last all day if needed ( such as Riemann P20 , which comes recommended ) .
If you really do n't want to burn on the beach , in the water or wherever , keep a shirt / hat on .
In tourist beach resorts and major cities you can obtain more , along with lower factor products if you are set on tanning .
However , in the developing world away from popular beaches and big cities you can struggle to find extra and sun block is commonly sold coupled with some other ingredients as ' whitening cream ' , but it works okay ( at blocking UV , not whitening that is ) .
See sun in the travel health section of this site .
Some people can handle the sun much better than others , if you are fair skinned and one of those who suffer more than others , the best advice again is cover up and take a little more than recommended above in case of needing to re-stock somewhere without decent availability .
You might also like to pick up a small tube of some moisturising / Aloe Vera lotion to use as After Sun and for general needs .
And do n't forget ( girls ) a few items of make - up will probably make you feel more at home / comfortable in certain situations .
Tea - tree oil is also sometimes recommended for those who make use of it at home , since it is compact and has multi-uses .
It is generally never a problem to buy either tampons or sanitary towels in major towns .
Stock up before you head out into remote areas where supply will be more limited .
Tampons are of course less bulky to carry , so it 's good to keep a few for emergencies .
Buying ultra - thin sanitary towels can sometimes be difficult as can finding tampons off - the - beaten track where big bulky towels are occasionally the only option .
Remember that there are more women on this planet than men .
On a longer trip , some consider taking the contraceptive pill or better still having the equivalent injection ( ask your doctor ) to be recommended even if they are not sexually active since it offers you the choice , in the case of the pill to ' carry on ' for consecutive months and to not have your period and in the case of the injection to totally be without the hassle of periods abroad .
If you 're sexually active , take your pill instructions with you , since it may not be effective if you have a stomach bug , are on anti-biotics or Doxycycline anti-malarials .
Also make sure you keep a separate supply in your bag or partner 's bag , in case your main supply goes missing .
A doctor or family planning clinic can give you the best advice .
E -mailed suggestions , female hygiene : Several female readers ( all seemingly experienced travellers ) have recommended the use of a Keeper or Mooncup , which is a silicone menstrual cup that lasts for several years .
It needs to be emptied less frequently than you would change a tampon / sanitary towel and is of course far more eco friendly , cheaper and healthier than pads or tampons .
The obvious advantage always flagged up is that the user never has to worry about buying pads or tampons along the road , and does not have to pack those bulky items .
However , you do need to be in a region where you can maintain good hygiene since you always need to be able to wash it and your hands - so not the best in parts of Asia / Africa .
Most e-mails received thoroughly recommend this product for female travellers and normally state that it is the most useful thing packed .
See all comments .
Something often over - looked when packing is thrush treatment .
Thrush ( aka yeast infection ) .
see full comment .
Dozens of other suggestions have been e-mailed in over the years , some obviously take travel and general well - being / heath more seriously than others , if that is you then it 's likely you 'll know most of the remedies already .
These suggestions include numerous herbal , homeopathic and other such remedies .
It still remains the overriding belief of this guide that no one should unnecessarily worry about travel health and travellers should pack as light as possible .
Cotton wool and Q - tips come up often as well as suggestions for holistic , all - natural supplements .
Most often suggested and useful are vitamin supplements and immune boosters containing vitamin C , zinc , etc. which are certainly worthwhile if you feel you are easily prone to illness , since it 's easy to get run down and ill if travelling hard and fast in crowded transport and extreme climates .
You 'll be doing yourself a big favour by keeping everything liquid in either a water - proof wash kit or zip - lock / money bags tightly fastened with an elastic band .
An item leaking into your bag is a pain that 's worth avoiding .
If you are a couple it makes sense to share a wash and medical kit rather than double up on everything .
All things electronic :
A camera : to what extent are you into photography ?
And how much time and effort do you want to spend on it ?
Everyone is going to want a record of their trip and to capture some of the amazing things they see / do , but unless you are a photography hobbyist it is not worth carrying around something expensive , bulky , fragile and heavy .
Point and shoot ( compact cameras , micro cameras or phone cameras ) are n't perfect for amazing photos but with a good eye for composition you can take great pictures , especially at the high - end of quality / price .
They are perfect to carry around carefree , light , less expensive , with reasonable zoom and excellent for a record of people and places .
The best basic option is taking only your ( decent quality ) phone camera and one of the great quality micro cameras on the market .
Small ( tiny ) , light , robust and upgradeable to waterproof , a Go Pro , or our preference Polaroid Cube is perfect to also record video and take a photo without pulling out an expensive phone / camera .
If you wo n't be using / taking a good quality cell - phone camera and want something you can look though , there are hundreds of choices of compact camera .
All often getting bigger , heavier , more expensive as they get better .
For those serious about photography will want an SLR , which will take better pictures , but ( with lenses ) might be considered too big / bulky for lightweight travel .
If going the SLR route get good lens ( es ) including one with a long ( 300 mm ) zoom which makes all the difference for wildlife and shooting people discreetly from a distance ( you might consider a teleconvertor ) .
However this really adds to weight .
This is a really tricky subject to cover , since many are passionate about photography and everyone wants great photos to remember their travels ( and travel becomes a strategy for many to accumulate photographs ) .
However it must be considered if you are on a photo shot or travelling ?
Clearly going on safari in Africa with a good camera ( SLR ) , no matter how bulky and impractical is worthwhile .
Conversely bumming around Thailand or Brazil , carrying the extra weight ( both in your pack and when you go out of the day ) and more over having the physiological perception that your camera ( the bigger the more noticeable and more expensive looking ) is a target of theft , makes you stand out as a tourist and is out of place in the extremely poor areas most travels pass through is something worth considering .
Ultimately in the compact / high - end phone Vs SLR debate , you need to make the decision and field test both .
Go for decent size memory card in your camera / phone , although they can be bought abroad , there is nothing worse than being without space .
The same goes for a spare or external battery .
If you 're taking a SLR make sure you have a UV filter , air ( puff ) cleaning brush and cleaning rag .
A can of air is also useful , as equipment can get pretty dusty .
Worth Noting .
Watch out .
It is worth noting that the rising popularity of portable electronic devices such as smart phones , digital cameras or tablet computers which almost all travellers seem to take away with them has resulted in an equal rise in the number of these items disappearing .
Whereas the vast , vast majority of the world has in general low levels of violent crime and a low threat of terrorism or other dangerous activities , petty theft , is becoming increasingly common , and travellers should take precautions , especially with mobile phones , digital cameras , and other small electronics which are easily " misplaced . " .
Remember the latest iphone is worth more than the average monthly salary in most parts of the world and more than the average monthly salary in some .
Some do feel uncomfortable with expensive smart phones or other electronics seeing as most insurance wo n't cover their loss .
Whatever you decide to take away with you - camera , iPod , mobile phone - in most cases it will be expensive and you would mind losing it , which is a risk when travelling , so make sure you have good insurance that covers the total cost of your camera , if it 's an expensive one .
See the ' Insurance ' section on the ' Before you Go ' page for more info .
They are mentioned there , but as a quick plug here as well , World Nomads has been repeatedly recommended for many reasons , one being you can list separately expensive equipment which is quite rare ( note up to cerca US $ 600 per item depending on your location ) .
A MP3 / music Player , these have to be a gift from God to the traveller .
Dedicated players or Smart Phones are great for holding enough tunes , photos , videos and the like for any trip .
They can also be combined if you so wish with fairly light and compact travel speakers , if you feel you might need ' broadcasted ' music at any point .
A music player is also useful if you do n't want to talk to someone on a long bus / train / plane trip .
Compact noise cancelling headsets are now also available , but costly and not effective for blocking out sleep disturbing noise .
For more information on choosing a camera take a look at this link and others including good practical travel photography advice in the links section .
Please do us all a favour and leave the selfie stick at home !
LED Torch / flashlight : there is really no reason to take a large flashlight away with you , a small LED ( key- ring sized ) light ( such as a Princeton Tec Pulsar , Impulse or similar ) is fine - ask yourself : how much do you plan to walk around in the dark ?
Use candles during power cuts in hotels ( normally provided ) .
A LED ( compact ) head - lamp ( again Princeton Tec have an excellent range ) can come in useful , notably if camping or on night - buses .
New LED technology means tiny torches are very effective .
Plus they can be carried with ease and always kept easily accessible ( there is no point having a great flashlight in your bag if you can't see to enter the padlock combination ) .
There are loads of good torches available - get a compact one and keep it within easy reach .
A small calculator ( dual power , not just solar ) : compact enough for carrying around to make currency conversions with , confirming prices and generally keeping track of your budget ( better than taking out an expensive smart phone all the time if in a developing country ) .
Also an alarm clock ( or the alarm on your mobile phone is just as good ) , maybe with a world - time feature .
You will also probably need an international plug adaptor ( see plug types ) , maybe with a USB plug charging facility if you are taking electronics that charge via USB ( example ) .
Portable computer
If there is one item that more and more travellers are packing it's a laptop ( see tablet computers below ) .
Think about it , you can store / edit all your photos , write a blog , find Wi -Fi spots and access the net , listen to music or watch movies .
Sounds great and yes having a laptop can be great , but it 's not for everyone and certainly only recommended in some cases and for a few destinations .
The first issue is weight , unless you have a travel designed ultra - light laptop it's going to be debatable if the extra kgs it and all the leads adds is worth lugging around .
Secondly , you 've got the theft / damage factor , say you do have a nice ultra - light laptop then you unfortunately do have to accept the real risk of theft or damage and finally please remember you are on holiday - it 's not a sin to leave the computer at home !
To be realistic those who benefit the most are travellers to developed countries who have a very real reason to use a computer regularly .
It is true that in developed or tech friendly countries you can find enough public Wi -Fi hotspots and more clued on hostels do offer Wi-Fi .
Nonetheless any hostel / guesthouse offering a free Wi-Fi connection is also going to have a hard - wired internet connection you can use or you could pick up the connection on a smart phone / tablet .
Or in all cases and certainly in less developed countries where Wi-Fi spots are few and far between there are plenty of other ways to access the net or use a PC to upload a blog , photos or chat on - line .
There are just too many pros and cons , but for first time travellers who plan to move around without a serious reason to need a computer - leave it at home .
Alternately if you know the destination you are going has Wi -Fi spots and you are tending to stay in one or a few spots and would really benefit from having your PC with you then okay .
Last words , tread with care , a laptop is seriously removed from being an essential item .
There are often much better ( and lighter ) alternatives which , can be considered such as a tablet ( ipad ) or decent smart phone .
Mobile Communications
Probably the biggest measure of a rapidly developing world aside from the proliferation of the Internet is the use of cellular / mobile phones in some of the world 's poorer countries ( countries like the Philippines have some of the world 's highest mobile phone usage and parts of Africa are the fastest growing markets ) .
Major North American / Australian and European networks which allow roaming , will pick up a signal in the vast majority of the populated world .
Taking a cell phone has many advantages and is highly recommended , but several disadvantages worth noting .
Firstly if roaming on your home network , call costs ( made or received ) will be significant ( but SMS costs are manageable ) .
Make sure the phone you take is of the correct type for your destination / use ( i.e. ' unlocked ' if you want to use local SIMs and the correct band ( here 's a good link for those in US and elsewhere ) ) .
A Smart Phone ( recommended ) doubles as an alarm clock , MP3 player , web browser , translator , taxi finder ( uber ) calendar / calculator .
You will find picking up Wi-Fi to send the odd e-mail or check something on the web is a great tool to have ( we particularly like phones that let you download maps to use without a data connection - Nokia and some others ) .
Although costs to make / receive calls while ' roaming ' are normally very pricey .
You 'll also likely come across numerous roaming and signal black spots , but having a means to pick up and send SMS messages is very handy , simply because it 's cheap and instant .
Equally staying in touch with those you meet and contacting guides and drivers , many of whom are increasingly willing to give out their numbers in case you wish to use their services , all of which makes taking a cell phone highly recommended .
Smart phones eat battery .
Take a spare external battery you can charge from via a USB cable .
It 's very important to note here that generally speaking if you use a mobile phone abroad ( SMS aside ) as you would at home you are going to have a huge shock when you get the bill .
Buying local SIM and / or international SIMs plus other methods to keep cost down are covered in the ' stay in touch ' section of the ' On the Road ' page .
Other gadgets : Laptops and smart phones are already mentioned , both items are now considered ' essential ' by many and would have previously been an expensive luxury .
About all that can be said about taking a laptop is already mentioned above , but it is worth mentioning here that if you do n't take a laptop , there are a myriad of devices that can substitute most of a laptop 's functions and be far more portable .
One already mentioned above is a [ mobile ] Smart Phone that can - by virtue of picking up Wi -Fi - deal with e-mails , Skype , web browsing , GPS navigation , streamed radio , etc .
The other is a tablet computer or Kindle which if you already own and do n't mind taking with you can be a fantastic resource and source of entertainment for minimal weight .
It 's a reflection of how the world has changed , since a device like an iphone , ipad , Kindle or Samsung Galaxy / Tab is often the most useful item in a bag , with their endless entertainment options and practical uses .
There a dozens of other gadgets and new ones become available all the time .
Nowadays , in reasonably developed countries on the tourist trail you will find Wi -Fi of varying quality in many guesthouses / hostels / cafes in big cities .
Do n't forget of course a power adaptor plug with a build - in USB socket , your USB charging cable .
Highly recommended are also a spare back - up ( reserve - external ) battery pack you can keep charged and use to top - up a phone or other device .
Although not frequently needed , but small / light enough worth considering taking are a car light plug to USB adaptor and a 3.5 mm to 3.5 m m sound lead so you can hook your phone to a car or other sound system if available .
Other items :
Something to keep it all in Backpack : with about 30 - 10 % spare space in ( room to manoeuvre and to collect more stuff ) - go for between ( 35 or 40 litres is perfect , that 's 2,135 -2,500 cubic inches ) .
Sizes vary by manufacturer ; one 30lt might look as big as another 40lt .
A pack from a range such as Lowe Alpine , North Face or Lifeventure are perfect - there is a mind - boggling choice available from loads of manufactures .
Recommended is a pack that is lightish weight , with ( important ) comfortable hip and back straps , a zip front opening ( easily secured - much more so than clips ( although clips can be locked like this or this ) ) and that zips down far so items at the bottom can be accessed easily .
Look for zips that can easily be secured with a small padlock ( that is loops in the zip where the lock can fit through - note these are getting harder to find ) .
Extra pluses are straps to compress the bag down if not full , any degree of waterproof - ness and netting / straps on the front / sides to cram things into plus gain access to in a hurry .
If you have a small bag and you can't fit everything in it all the time , for example if you buy food / water , do n't worry , just carry the rest in a sturdy shopping bag or strap it to the outside .
See example image and e-mailed comments .
Remember there is no ' perfect ' pack , it is what works for you and is available for you to buy in the part of the world you are in .
The MEI Voyageur often comes recommended and there is plenty written about on the net .
You can now also find it in the UK .
If you are going to less developed countries and plan to travel , i.e. move about during your trip on public transport , if your bag is heavier than 12 - 15kg ( even with a bottle of water stuck on the side ) and much too big to go carry - on on a plane , then consider re-examining what you are taking .
Wheeled backpacks / bags are becoming more popular ( especially among Americans ) and do have some benefits , but should only be considered for use in developed countries and if your bag is heavy .
What you do n't want is one of the huge great packs ( 70 and 90 litres ) with a daypack often added to the outside .
All the major manufactures offer them .
They are far to big and with a daypack style you probably wo n't want .
Equally , unless you are taking a big holdall or on a short break in a developed city - avoid bags with wheels .
If you need wheels to help you move it , then your bag is too heavy and you need to take less stuff .
The hard shell and shapes of such a bag will add more disadvantage than advantages on a typical trip to the developing world or when moving around on a budget in the developed world .
Daypack : a daypack commonly refers to a small backpack for day to day use - this is on the whole completely unnecessary and you are much better off with a packable ( i.e. not rigid ) carrier ( tote bag ) , shoulder or messenger bag , ( even cheap canvas shopping - type bag that the handle will fit over your shoulder , or strap that allow it to be worn over your back ) .
Their advantages , despite saving space , weight and not giving yourself an extra bag to worry about / carry , is they can be compressed down to be stored in your main bag and when using can be moved easily over your front ( when sitting down or for security / ease ) .
In addition your back wo n't get too sweaty when carrying it in hot climates , as there is nothing worse than a pack on your back all day when it 's hot and sticky .
You 'll attract less attention and feel less like a tourist ; 9/10 times , you 'll only be carrying a camera , guidebook , water and maybe an object of clothing / towel or sun block - why would you need an upscale hiking type small backpack ?
You 'll find great choice of perfect bags at next to nothing prices in most tourist destinations ( India , Peru , Thailand , etc. ) .
See an example image of one option .
If you do n't have a day pack and only a shoulder or other bag ( recommend above ) and need something stronger for walking on a day - trip , you can always empty your small main backpack and use that .
If you are dead set on having something with you that has back straps for day use then there are several packable , very small / light packs now on the market from Sea to Summit , Meru and others .
Remember anything that looks like a handbag or small bag of value is a top target for bag snatching / lifting , especially in Latin America and much , much better left at home .
If you have anything stolen while abroad it is most likely to be a small bag - the more you depend on one , or the more valuable it looks , the bigger the risk .
Those little bastards ( mosquitoes ) Mosquito repellent : most travellers do n't like DEET much ( among other things , it can irritate your skin and ruin clothes ) - some natural repellents ( e.g. Citronella ) seem to be just as good .
So is generally covering up in the evening .
There are many brands of good repellents on the market and repellent is normally available in major towns abroad or anywhere with tourists and a large mozzie population .
Repellent in pump - spray or aerosol form is handy since it is so much more easily applied to feet , ankles and other areas ( most mosquitoes - at least the nasty ones - are ground feeders ) .
For the record mosquitoes will sometimes bite through clothes and go for hand and face areas - so occasionally it is pretty hard to stop them when they are really hungry ( say at certain times of the year in jungle areas ) and you certainly do n't want to put DEET on your hands , face and clothes .
Highly recommended is to buy a plug - in mosquito repellent , often branded ' mosquito vaporiser ' or ' liquidator ' from any Asian ( Goodnight is the most famous brand ) , Latin American , American or European drug store .
You plug this small item into the mains and it releases a vapour by heating liquid from a small bottle that you screw in or from pads you insert ( bought separately , last for ages ) .
Choking mosquito coils should not be used in unventilated areas and are a fire hazard .
It 's also said that taking 500mg of Vitamin B1 daily two weeks before travelling and continually whilst travelling , prevents bites .
There is no scientific evidence that this works , but you will read it widely as a solution to the question of why some people get bitten more than others .
It seems that very high vitamin B levels that your body tries to sweat out will deter mosquitoes ( see word of caution ) .
In reality mosquitoes are more attracted to people with fair skin .
Do n't think that getting a tan will help you - that just changes the colour of your skin , not the thickness .
Seems we are doomed as easier targets !
A bite is uncomfortable , but if treated with Hydrocortisone cream immediately ( or another of the many excellent new remedies widely available in developed countries including little devices that gives a micro electric shock and are frequently recommended ) and not scratched will soon disappear .
If you are covered with bites and are finding it hard to sleep , try anti-histamines .
Malarial bites will likely occur in the early hours of the morning , so make sure your room is sealed and if necessary your vaporiser plugged in .
Most common are bites in the evenings and mornings on the ankles , so in endemic areas a quick spray there makes sense .
Do I take a mosquito net ?
A mosquito net is never something personally needed outside sub-Saharan Africa and you 'll hear many a traveller in other areas lamenting why they brought one .
For a start they take up a fair amount of room and in most cases , are pretty difficult to fasten above you ( take duct tape ) .
Add to that fact they only protect you as much as a mosquito vaporiser ( recommended ) or at worst a mosquito coil under your bed .
When you actually need one , like in beach huts or the jungle , they will 9/10 times be provided ( even if they need some patching up with duct tape and a coil lit for added protection ) .
If you are really squeamish about bugs you might make a case for bringing one , however then again if this is you , why would you stay somewhere with lots of bugs ?
Simply check - in to some where nicer and / or get the room sprayed / sealed .
However , if you are travelling in sub-Saharan Africa ( excluding South Africa ) , where the vast percentage of Malaria occurs , you should take a compact net .
You might still not use it all that often , but will be glad you had it .
It 's better to be safe than sorry in this region .
Buying a compact net on the ground in developing countries can be tricky , so get one before you leave .
Books :
Taking guidebooks for countries you wo n't arrive in for several months is n't good science .
These can be found on the way , especially in India / Nepal , South East Asia and any developed country .
Besides if you are a manic reader a Kindle or similar is the best way forward .
See the country breakdowns for where books are available if you are not going the e-book route .
A phrase book and / or tiny dictionary , for South America / West Africa especially , may also be handy - or the equlivent app on your phone .
For most others destinations many do n't bother unless they really want to make the effort - your guidebook will have a basic language section .
Reading books can be swapped along the way , but do n't expect too much from your trades .
If you want to start off with some good reads , several are recommended and can be viewed on this site - click here and select the region you are interested in .
Locks & security : Little combination ( not key ) padlocks to keep you bag secure .
You can take a larger spare ( combination ) padlock in case your hotel door has only a hasp or you want to add extra security - padlocks are normally supplied , but it can be nice to have your own .
Equally essential is a cable or wire lock , produced by many manufacturers including Eagle Creek or Pacsafe .
This is essentially a padlock with an added cable that can be looped through your bag to secure it to a bed or railing , say when sleeping on transport ( as an alternatives a simple wire with loops in each end , for use with a regular padlock is often sold ) .
Do n't just take this , use it .
Or you could use cable ties for temporary situations ( just make sure you have something to cut them with ) - see comment .
Notebook and a pen ( you will fill in many a entry and departure card ) and / or pencil .
Some find taking a small supply of post - it notes useful for keeping the relevant pages of guidebooks quickly accessible .
And seeing as we are going for a complete list , it 'll help to have a tag with some contact details somewhere on your bag .
Money belt or travel organiser or anything similar ( even if a bit basic ) keeps your essentials organised and together .
Do n't leave this site before reading the advice on avoiding theft advice in the on the road section .
Glasses and other eye wear
If you are a glasses wearer take a note of your prescription should you need a replacement while on the road .
If you take sunglasses , which is a good idea , make sure , as with eyeglasses , you have a case to keep them in to prevent damage .
If you use contact lenses , then you have many options open .
If you take re-useable lenses , you will need to carry a reasonable supply of solution as this is only available in larger cities when in less developed countries .
The other option , if you can afford it , is daily disposable contacts .
The advantages are that you worry less when swimming in any other situation they may ' pop out ' and there is no carrying heavy solution .
You will only be able to buy top - up daily disposable lenses in the biggest most developed Asian and Latin American cities and any stops you make in developed countries , solution is easier to find , but again it needs to be in a major city .
Again take your prescription and keep a copy of it in your webmail account by putting it in an e-mail to yourself , in case of theft
Forgotten essentials :
On a long trip .... perhaps : photos of your family , house and loved ones .
These will come in handy to show locals ; they are also great to stave off homesickness that can hit us all at times .
If it 's your thing : something like a small pot of Marmite or Vegemite might be worth taking as a small comfort of home .
This and the photo suggestion are not suited nor needed by everyone , but it is worth thinking laterally about the term ' essential ' .
Just an idea :
Some cards with your name , address and e-mail , to give new friends ; locals love to collect western names and addresses .
Large clips for keeping together great big wads of low value notes .
Some people also take a change purse .
Compass ? : proper one or cheap key ring version - with this and a map , it is tough to get lost .
Or forget it and use the Bear Grylls menthod of finding which way you ’re heading – in the northern ( southern ) hemisphere , point the hour hand of your watch at the sun , and halfway between that and 12 will be due south ( north ) .
Obviously does n't work well on a cloudy day , or near the equator !
Great to know which way to walk out of a station or in disorienting markets and narrow streets .
Student ID : get your Student ID ( if you have one ) turned into an international ( ISIC ) card .
Fake cards can be bought easily in Bangkok and a few other places .
In most places the card wo n't be much help , in others it is well worth having .
Egypt , Russia and European trains for example .
Discounts can always surprise you or make you mad that you left your card at home .
An ATM and / or credit card , along with a spare .
You will also need to take other funds - see here for more details .
Your driving licence if you do want to drive ( motorbike or car ) or think you might have a chance to .
It also doubles as a handy wallet size ID .
Certificate of all vaccinations : it is rare outside Africa , but you sometimes will need to show this even if just to avoid border ( bribe ) fees .
If you are going to Africa have a certificate of vaccination against Yellow Fever , you should definitely take it with you as you may be refused entry to certain areas and on internal regional flights .
Make sure you have enough time on ( at least six months over when you wish to return ) and pages in your passport .
On a long multi-country trip , several passport photographs for visas / visa extensions are always useful - but you can pick up more on the way .
Ear plugs and eye - mask : noise / light at night in some countries is one of the biggest pains of travel .
Ear plugs do n't really work against the serious noise that you can come across but pack them all the same - they are almost as vital as your passport .
Pack of cards or some other type of entertainment - do n't get carried away with too much , travel scrabble , travel chess , etc. ( one suggestion is 6 dice - many an entertaining evening teaching others the dice game ' 10,000 ' ) .
Several plastic zip lock bags , money bags and elastic bands and maybe some duct tape ( especially if you are carrying a mosquito net ) .
Little fabric nets are fantastic to keep small items together .
These can be made , bought or found inside packets of washing powder tablets .
Do n't take anything too valuable and certainly nothing sentimental .
Make sure you save your receipts of everything you bought you might need to make an insurance claim for ( this includes ATM and money changing receipts ) .
Photocopies of everything important ( passports , traveller cheque numbers etc. ) , leave a copy at home , on the internet ( internet mail account or drop - box ) and - if possible - with your travelling partner .
It 's a smart idea to have a colour photocopy of your passport and keep it on you .
Write your passport number and start / expiration date on a label on something you use every day ( like the back of the passport , phone , wallet ) - it will save you a tonne of time as you need it often .
A few last tips and ideas :
If you do n't use something at home , what makes you think you will when you are away ?
For example a copy of that huge book you never read .
Do n't forget left luggage :
If you 're not travelling light do n't discount the option of leaving a bag at the airport / train or bus station .
While it may not seem the cheapest option at first , it 's far safer and easier to negotiate the metro , buses , cobblestones , turnstiles etc. with a small day bag ( or no bag if you 're not staying a night ) and can save a lot of time and money in the end .
For example : a stopover in Madrid - a locker at Barajas airport is pretty cheap , a taxi to the centre costs € 35 - 40 and the metro costs just € 2 .
Try to avoid packing anything white ( it wo n't stay that way long ) .
Greys , khakis , beiges , light blues / greens and creams are better choices .
Apparently very dark colours attract mosquitoes - although you can be the judge .
Another idea : a plastic container ( Tupperware ) for the bottom of your pack to stop things from getting crushed and to keep little things together .
You can also use it as a bowl or to keep items dry if needed .
See comment .
The jury 's out on ... but often recommended are water purifiers and travel pillows .
If you intend to travel overnight an inflatable travel pillow ( you know the type ) is suggested ( some might say essential for night buses ) .
Okay you 'll look a bit silly ( but then again it will be dark ) , but will sleep about a thousand times better .
It 's uncommon to see backpackers using them , but it 's up to you .
Several emails have recommended water purifiers ( pump water filter ) , normally from those on longer trips , volunteering and staying in the same place .
Bottled water is always available , but can get expensive .
Having said that water purifiers are n't free and they are also a little bulky .
Nonetheless if travelling somewhere like Africa for a few months and you can find water you are happy to fill them with , they can save a good deal of money , see comment .
Also sometimes recommended and of varying degrees of usefulness depending greatly on the individual and situation , is a simple small heating element that can boil a quick cup of water for tea / coffee , noodles and / or purify water .
They do n't weigh very much and can pay for themselves very quickly especially if off the beaten track and for a long ( budget ) trip where purifying water and noodle meals save money / time .
These may not be used , but if trekking , iodine tablets ( with taste remover ) to purify water are sometimes handy .
Chlorine tablets can also be used , but are less effective .
Many reason that a few of these are so small that even if you do n't plan to need them they are worth taking ' just in case ' or for an emergency .
If new get all this stuff a month or so before you leave and really give it a good testing .
Try and innovate - maybe create secret pockets and / or hiding places , tassels to hang things from or modify .
Do n't forget that loads of stuff is available on the way , at much lower prices .
You will be able to buy most items left at home on any popular route or one taking in semi- developed countries .
For example , many backpackers are amazed that there is a ' Boots ' the Chemist and numerous ' 7 - Eleven's ' on the Khao San Road in Bangkok , the heart of the backpacker district .
Do n't think for a minute that you wo n't be able to buy almost anything you need en route , especially in touristy areas .
Get good traveller clothing , but remember you might feel uncomfortable sticking out as a tourist and when meeting peers .
Do n't take anything you do not feel really comfortable in .
Bright colours and particularly shorts will always make you stick out as a tourist , but then so will virtually anything you wear !
Three final items it all always makes sense to have somewhere in your bag or on your person :
1 ) a little snack like a cereal bar or some biscuits ,
2 ) some water and
3 ) some tissues / toilet roll .
If you are travelling from town to town , leaving early or arriving late in hot weather or away from civilisation you 'll find the back - up food / water almost as vital as the bog roll can be !
And lastly a few recommended gear manufactures :
Lowe - Alpine - some great packs and okay clothing .
Also note great underwear and travel products from Ex Officio .
Teva -
Not the only sandals available , but definitely the benchmark for others .
Discovery Trekking - travel towels set apart from the rest and other wicking ( but not smelling ) clothing .
Mountain Equipment Co-op - a favourite with Canadians .
A good value - own brand - option for pretty much anything for outdoor activities .
REI is a perennial in North America with excellent value own brand gear .
Rohan - Real specialists in functional travel clothing .
Everything packable , lightweight and easy care .
Great innovator , but not youth fashion .
Mountain Hardware - tough , practical ( buy once ) if not a little expensive .
Patagonia - innovative and environmentally responsible to boot .
Regulator layering system is recommended .
Expensive in Europe .
Eagle Creek - pack - it system / cubes , security equipment and great general accessories .
Sea To Summit also have some great light weight packing and organising gear including a really novel tiny / light packable day sac .
IceBreaker or SmartWool - Pricey , but amazing warmth for weight ratio .
Great items of clothing made from merino wool that can be worn as thermal underwear next to the skin as a base layer when really cold and when milder as a smart outer layer .
If you are looking for warmth of a budget , especially an ultra light - weight down , try for a Uniqlo near you .
E-mailed Comments :
I just want to say thank you for the great site !
I recently went on my first backpacking trip to Thailand and Laos and I used your site extensively for my preparations .
Your recommendations and advice is simple and practical .
The single most valuable piece of advice was to take a small pack ( followed closely by no sleeping bag ) .
I cruised around happily with my little 30 litre pack laughing at all the others cursing and struggling with their massive backpacks ( usually combined with a slightly less massive ' day pack ' on their chest ) .
I just can't comprehend how 95 % of backpackers have n't figured out the immeasurable joys of a small pack , it makes no sense .
I 've browsed a lot of independent travel websites and yours is by far the best .
I now have a severe case of the travel bug and I will definitely be using your site for all future trips .
Lloyd —
To be completely honest , initially we were both horrified at many of your suggestions !
The thought of discarding our beautiful new packs ( mine 60L plus 15L , and his 75L plus 15L ) seemed unthinkable .
How could we ever leave home without necessities such as denim jeans , mosquito nets , sleeping bags , extensive first aid kits , and all of those things that tend to get packed just in case but never ever used ?
Anyway , the more we thought about it , the more it made sense .
We eventually bought new bags .
After we came to see the great wisdom in packing light .
People have all sorts of crazy ideas about what defines an essential travel item - e.g. beanie just in case it gets cold when your are heading to SE Asia , a hair straightener , complete sewing kit .... see full comment .
Sarah and Luke —
The small bag is a winner .
What amazes me is that in six months we 've met nobody with anything approaching the size of our packs .
' " Travel light " is such clichéd travel wisdom but I guess most people have n't read it 's possible to fit everything into a 40 litre pack .
I 've managed fine with 34 litres ; my girlfriend who feels the cold has a 45 litre to fit her sleeping bag .
Mark —
I just wanted to commend you on your excellent what to pack section .
I spent 12 months on the road a couple of years ago and although I did a good bit of research I still made loads of mistakes ( all of which you highlight ) : 75l backpack - like carrying a wardrobe on your shoulder , now I travel with a 45l , brilliant .
I brought a mosquito net ...
Duh .
I used it once just to try it out .
Sold in Bangkok for 1 dollar
I brought a guide book for New Zealand , even though I did n't arrive there for 4 months .
Also sold in Bangkok for 2 dollars .
I brought Hiking boots .
I wore them once or twice in Asia & Australia but otherwise they took up space in the bottom of my pack .
I used them in NZ & South America .
Should have bought them in NZ .
One thing I did do right and you also recommend is bringing shirts .
They really do help you blend in .
Nothing like a loud t- shirt with " Harvard " on it to make you stick out .
Andrew White —
I used this site almost exclusively to inform my packing for 3 months around Malaysia - other websites were n't as comprehensive or realistic .
My wife and I never met a single couple during that trip ( nor since ! ) who has as small and light a load as us , yet we were of course lacking nothing .
Many thanks to this website which proves the maxi
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Unquestionably one of the weirdest things we 've ever seen .
A 12 year - old girl from Lebanon has razor - sharp ...
Unquestionably one of the weirdest things we 've ever seen .
A 12 year - old girl from Lebanon has razor - sharp crystals coming out of her eyes .
Former Nine Newsreader Brian Naylor has been confirmed dead in Victorian bushfires .
Naylor , 78 , perished in the fires that ravaged Victoria on the weekend .
His beloved wife Moiree also died .
The Naylors had been residents at a property in Coombs Road , on the western edge of the Kinglake National Park , for many years .
Kinglake was one of several towns razed in the infernos which have claimed over 180 deaths .
Naylor , who retired from Nine News in 1998 , reached the pinnacle of newsreading during his many years at both Channels Nine and Seven .
Anchoring National Nine News in Melbourne for twenty years Naylor ’s popularity was so crucial to Nine ’s crushing evening shares , his contract with Kerry Packer spearheaded a transformation of salaries for newsreaders across Australia .
His signature sign - off , “ May your news be good news and goodnight , ” is well remembered as well as his association with the network campaign , “ Brian told me . ”
He began his career in 1956 as a radio announcer .
In 1958 Naylor he joined Seven Melbourne hosting a children ’s programme Brian and the Juniors .
Running until 1969 , it provided a stepping stone for performers such as Debbie Byrne , Rod Kirkham , Jane Scali , Peter Doyle , Patti McGrath , Anne Watt , Vikki Broughton and Jamie Redfern .
He became Seven ’s chief newsreader in 1970 and switched to Nine in 1978 .
Naylor also hosted Carols By Candlelight for ten years before it was assumed by Ray Martin , and a series of specials featuring his other love , sailing .
He was also an active worker for many charities and stayed connected with Nine with stints in media training .
Naylor was also a recipient of the Victorian ‘ Father of the Year ’ Award .
Last year his son Matt , 40 , died in a light plane accident .
Naylor oversaw many stories during his time at Nine and Seven .
During the Ash Wednesday bushfires of 1983 Naylor reported on the disaster from Kinglake …
Tonight reporting from Whittlesea , newsreader Peter Hitchener , who succeeded Naylor , and Tony Jones spoke of Naylor ’s devotion to his family and his success as a leading news presenter .
Michael Venus , director of news at Channel Nine in Melbourne , said , “ Brian Naylor was the consummate professional – he ’s the best I ’ve ever seen and I doubt in my lifetime if I ’ll ever see anyone better . ”
Former Nine news director John Sorrell said of Naylor and his wife , “ They are the sort of people who might have even died in each other ’s arms – as silly as it sounds . ”
“ When they looked at each other , there was light in their eyes .
They were very much in love . ”
Naylor ’s friend , TEN Network Melbourne newsreader Mal Walden , praised his former colleague and rival .
“ He was the best communicator of the lot – a born communicator .
That ’s why he rose so far .
We were good friends despite the fact we were competitors , ” he told The Age .
Veteran performer Peter Smith said , “ We grew up together really , he remembered this morning .
“ My wife Jackie and Moiree were also very close .
It ’s just devastating .
“ Brian was such an old friend and we went back before the Nine days .
They were the pioneering days of TV .
Anyone working in radio in those days was required to do the same thing on TV when it started .
“ The people of Victoria knew him so well too .
He had that ability to reach people and they felt that they knew him .
“ He was a very natural talent – he had that ability to speak to people through the TV like he was talking to you in person .
The Nine Network has also expressed its deepest condolences to the Naylor family .
“ Brian was a true gentleman , inspirational leader and devoted family man and all of us at Nine , as will so many Victorians , mourn his loss , ” said Jeffrey Browne , Managing Director of GTV9 Melbourne .
“ Our thoughts are with all the victims and their families who have lost their lives , loved ones and homes as a result of this horrendous tragedy . ”
Source : Herald Sun , The Age .
Related
Why recession can be good time to start business
By Sarah Pennells
Business reporter , BBC News
Some people say that redundancy could be an opportunity
The UK is officially in recession and the next few months will bring more job losses , more gloomy statistics and more hardship .
But it could also provide an opportunity for some people to start their own business .
In the early 1990s , during the last recession , thousands of people who were made redundant decided to set up on their own .
So for some people , redundancy turned out to be a blessing in disguise .
Robyn Jones is a successful businesswoman who runs her own catering company , Charlton House Catering .
This year it 's likely to have a turnover of £ 80 million .
The company employs around 2,000 people and has over 150 clients , but it was not an easy start .
Robyn Jones was made redundant from her job in the catering division of a construction company in 1991 , just as the UK went into recession .
Banana boxes Robyn admits that redundancy was - initially - a huge blow to her confidence and that she and her husband worried about how they would pay their bills , but she also recognised that it could be an opportunity .
Using a wallpaper paste table as a desk and banana boxes as shelves , she started her business in a spare room .
I had to force myself and be positive the whole time
Robyn Jones , businesswoman
The first few months meant one telephone call after another .
" It was hard to keep your morale up .
Everyone put the phone down and did n't want to talk to you , " she says .
" We had to keep picking up the phone and do the next call .
I would n't let myself have a coffee until I 'd spoken to a client and I could n't have lunch until I 'd booked an appointment .
I had to force myself and be positive the whole time . "
It took six months of phone calls and meetings before Robyn secured her first contract , supplying catering to a residential centre run by Guide Dogs for the Blind .
But other contracts soon followed .
Robyn believes her success was helped by the fact that she was prepared to listen to exactly what the client wanted .
" We could offer a service that was tailor made to suit the company .
A lot of competitors offered something that was just one thing and that was it , but we were able to tailor - make it to what the client really wanted , " she says .
Good ideas According to the multi-millionaire entrepreneur James Caan , who stars in Dragon 's Den , there is no ideal time to have a great business idea .
He started one of his most successful businesses , an executive headhunting company , in 1992 when the UK was in recession .
I think believe in yourself , believe in the strength of your idea , because if you truly believe that idea is a compelling proposition , it 's going to work regardless
James Caan
Multi-millionaire entrepreneur
By the time he sold the business , it had 147 offices in 30 different countries .
" If you 've got a good idea today , I would encourage you to do it , I think you should go for it , " he says .
" I think believe in yourself , believe in the strength of your idea , because if you truly believe that idea is a compelling proposition , it 's going to work regardless .
It may not be as big , it may not grow as fast but it will succeed , because good ideas always work . "
Finding money
Many people may have been put off the idea of launching a business because of worries that the banks have cut back on their lending .
According to the British Bankers ' Association , lending by its members is up slightly on a year ago , although the rate of growth is slower than it has been .
I think the good news is that people will actually be challenged to refine their business plan and look at the finance they actually need
Andy Berrow
Business Link Meanwhile , a number of foreign banks are not providing funding , which is reducing overall levels .
However , according to Andy Berrow from the government - funded advice service , Business Link , that should not put people off .
" Those people who have got a really good sound business plan and who 've really researched an idea will still be able to get finance , " he says .
" Yes it will be hard because the banks undoubtedly are more reluctant to lend now but I think the good news is that people will actually be challenged to refine their business plan and look at the finance they actually need . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For half a century , meat producers have fed antibiotics to farm animals to increase their growth and stave off infections .
Now scientists have discovered that those drugs are sprouting up in unexpected places : Vegetables such as corn , potatoes and lettuce absorb antibiotics when grown in soil fertilized with livestock manure , according to tests conducted at the University of Minnesota .
Today , close to 70 percent of all antibiotics and related drugs used in the United States are routinely fed to cattle , pigs and poultry , according to the Union of Concerned Scientists .
Although this practice sustains a growing demand for meat , it also generates public health fears associated with the expanding presence of antibiotics in the food chain .
People have long been exposed to antibiotics in meat and milk .
Now , the new research shows that they also may be
ingesting them from vegetables , perhaps even ones grown on organic farms .
The Minnesota researchers planted corn , green onion and cabbage in manure - treated soil in 2005 to evaluate the environmental impacts of feeding antibiotics to livestock .
Six weeks later , the crops were analyzed and found to absorb chlortetracycline , a drug widely used to treat diseases in livestock .
In another study two years later , corn , lettuce and potato were planted in soil treated with liquid hog manure .
They , too , accumulated concentrations of an antibiotic , named Sulfamethazine , also commonly used in livestock .
As the amount of antibiotics in the soil increased , so too did the levels taken up by the corn , potatoes and other plants .
" Around 90 percent of these drugs that are administered to animals end up being excreted either as urine or manure , " said Holly Dolliver , a member of the Minnesota research team and now a professor of crop and soil sciences at the University of Wisconsin - River Falls .
" A vast majority of that manure is then used as an important input for 9.2 million hectares of ( U.S. ) agricultural land . "
Manure , widely used as a substitute for chemical fertilizer , adds nutrients that help plants grow .
It is often used in organic farming .
The scientists found that although their crops were only propagated in greenhouses for six weeks -- far less than a normal growing season -- antibiotics were absorbed readily into their leaves .
If grown for a full season , drugs most likely would find their way into parts of plants that humans eat , said Dolliver .
Less than 0.1 percent of antibiotics applied to soil were absorbed into the corn , lettuce and other plants .
Though a tiny amount , health implications for people consuming such small , cumulative doses are largely unknown .
" The antibiotic accumulation in plants is just another negative consequence of our animal agriculture industry and not surprising given the quantity fed to livestock , " said Steve Roach , public health program director for the non-profit Food Animal Concerns Trust .
For highly processed plants such as corn , the drugs would most likely be removed , added Dolliver .
But many food crops such as spinach and lettuce are not processed , only washed , allowing antibiotics to remain .
" Nobody particularly eats corn or soybean directly , " said Satish Gupta , a University of Minnesota professor of soil science and study leader .
" But there are crops I am much more worried about , like cabbage and lettuce , because these are leaves we eat directly and consume raw . "
One finding that particularly worries food scientists is the accumulation of antibiotics within potato tubers .
Tubers are an enlarged , underground stem that uptake and store nutrients from the soil .
In crops like potatoes , carrots and radishes , it is the part humans eat .
" Since these tubers and root crops are in direct contact with the soil they may show a greater propensity for [ antibiotic ] uptake , " said Gupta .
Health officials fear that eating vegetables and meat laced with drugs meant to treat infections can promote resistant strains of bacteria in food and the environment .
Roach said " the clearest public health implication " from treating livestock with antibiotics is the development of resistant bacteria that reduces the effectiveness of human medicine .
Past studies have shown overuse of antibiotics reduces their ability to cure infections .
Over time , certain antibiotics are rendered ineffective .
Scientists believe antibiotics also may have contributed to the explosive rise in asthma and allergies in children over the last 20 years .
Researchers at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit , following 448 children from birth for seven years , reported that children who received antibiotics within their first six months had a higher risk of developing allergies and asthma .
Such health concerns led the European Union in 2006 to ban antibiotic use as feed additives for promoting livestock growth .
But in the United States , nearly 25 million pounds of antibiotics per year , up from 16 million in the mid 1980s , are given to healthy animals for agriculture purposes , according to a 2000 report by the Union of Concerned Scientists .
Livestock producers contend that the spread of resistant strains of bacteria stems from the overuse of all medicines to treat infectious diseases in both humans and animals .
Removal of antibiotics , they say , would only lead to increased disease in animals and reduction in food safety .
Tainted manure can impact more than just the soil .
Once applied to the land , antibiotics can infiltrate water supplies as it seeps through the soil into aquifers or spills into surface water due to runoff , explained Dolliver .
" The other thing to remember is that the field is not a sterile environment .
Mice , rabbit and foxes traverse farmland while other animals graze , all with the potential to become vectors for the resistant bacteria organisms and spread it throughout different animal populations , " said Pat Millner , a U.S. Department of Agriculture microbiologist based in Maryland .
The presence of antibiotics within the food chain is likely to increase as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has permitted greater use of controversial drugs on farm animals .
For example , this past October , the FDA dropped plans to halt use of cefquinome , a potent antibiotic , after it said in July it would push against its use in animals .
Even if a product has the USDA organic label , it still can harbor traces of antibiotics , Gupta said .
While there are restrictions on use of raw manure in U.S. organic farming because of concern over bacteria , no such rules are in place regarding antibiotics or hormones .
Not all organic growers use manure with antibiotics , but many do , said Gupta .
High - temperature composting of manure , designed to kill pathogens , is required for crops certified under the USDA label .
That could eliminate some antibiotics .
But growers are not required to check for the drugs .
" We urgently need to find some way to put guidelines in place on organic food regarding these chemicals , " Gupta said .
Gupta said all growers should be told that composting can help .
Composting decays piles of food or manure as microbes decompose organic matter using oxygen to survive , grow and reproduce .
Heating up the material creates conditions conducive for bacteria to break down antibiotics and pathogens .
A pilot study by USDA scientists in Maryland added straw to a beef cattle manure pile , heating up the dense material while allowing spaces for air to penetrate .
The higher temperatures sped up the decaying process of harmful substances .
" The process happens very rapidly , in this study it took about 10 days , " said Millner .
" This is not too surprising since antibiotics are not a thermally stable chemical compound . "
In another study , the same researchers who discovered the uptake of antibiotics by plants tested four of these drugs to determine how effective composting would be in reducing harmful chemicals in turkey manure .
After 25 days using a combination of natural heat generated by microbial activity , three of the four antibiotics broke down under the high energy conditions created , said Dolliver .
Composting reduced concentrations of some antibiotics by up to 99 percent .
" These findings suggest manure management can be an important strategy for reducing the overall impact for these compounds making their way into the environment , " said Dolliver .
Many questions still remain .
Currently , projects are underway to grow crops for a full season in antibiotic laced manure , to grow them in fields rather than greenhouses and to analyze the concentrations and locations of the antibiotics within the plants .
Researchers also want to determine which antibiotics are more likely to be picked up , which plants are more prone to uptake , what composting methods are most effective in reducing harmful material in manure and what antibiotics may be resistant to composting .
There are serious societal implications regarding the discoveries already made and the questions yet to be answered , Gupta concluded .
" We are a chemical society and humans are the main user of pharmaceutical products , " said Gupta .
" We need a better understanding of what takes place when chemicals are applied to sources of food and must be more vigilant about regulating what we use to grow food and what we put in our bodies . "
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News , a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
NOTE : as of 11/18/2015 , we have taken down the live Internet Bourbon Street camera image we have hosted in conjunction with an area venue .
We will put live images up in the future in association with another location .
Thanks for your understanding .
Stay tuned for more live content in the future .
Want to tap the power behind search rankings , product recommendations , social bookmarking , and online matchmaking ?
This fascinating book demonstrates how you can build Web 2.0 applications to mine the enormous amount of data created by people on the Internet .
With the sophisticated algorithms in this book , you can write smart programs to access interesting datasets from other web sites , collect data from users of your own applications , and analyze and understand the data once you 've found it .
Programming Collective
Intelligence takes you into the world of machine learning and statistics , and explains how to draw conclusions about user experience , marketing , personal tastes , and human behavior in general -- all from information that you and others collect every day .
Each algorithm is described clearly and concisely with code that can immediately be used on your web site , blog , Wiki , or specialized application .
This book explains :
Collaborative filtering techniques that enable online retailers to recommend products or media
Methods of clustering to detect groups of similar items in a large dataset
Search engine features -- crawlers , indexers , query engines , and the PageRank algorithm
Optimization algorithms that search millions of possible solutions to a problem and choose the best one
Bayesian filtering , used in spam filters for classifying documents based on word types and other features
Using decision trees not only to make predictions , but to model the way decisions are made
Predicting numerical values rather than classifications to build price models
Support vector machines to match people in online dating sites
Non-negative matrix factorization to find the independent features in a dataset
Evolving intelligence for problem solving -- how a computer develops its skill by improving its own code the more it plays a game
Each chapter includes exercises for extending the algorithms to make them more powerful .
Go beyond simple database - backed applications and put the wealth of Internet data to work for you .
" Bravo !
I cannot think of a better way for a developer to first learn these algorithms and methods , nor can I think of a better way for me ( an old AI dog ) to reinvigorate my knowledge of the details . " --
Dan Russell , Google " Toby 's book does a great job of breaking down the complex subject matter of machine - learning algorithms into practical , easy - to - understand examples that can be directly applied to analysis of social interaction across the Web today .
If I had this book two years ago , it would have saved precious time going down some fruitless paths . " -- Tim Wolters , CTO , Collective Intellect
Die Verkündigung an Maria , wie Robert Campin ( um 1375 - 1444 ) sie sah .
Die Vorstellung der jungfräulichen Empfängnis kommt mit der Septuaginta in die Welt .
Denn die " junge Frau " im H
Die Verkündigung an Maria , wie Robert Campin ( um 1375 - 1444 ) sie sah .
Die Vorstellung der jungfräulichen Empfängnis kommt mit der Septuaginta in die Welt .
Denn die " junge Frau " im H ... ebräischen wird in griechischer Übersetzung zu " Jungfrau "
Die Verkündigung an Maria , wie Robert Campin ( um 1375 - 1444 ) sie sah .
Die Vorstellung der jungfräulichen Empfängnis kommt mit der Septuaginta in die Welt .
Denn die " junge Frau " im H ... ebräischen wird in griechischer Übersetzung zu " Jungfrau "
Anzeige
Es ist eine Legende , eine reich ausgeschmückte Erzählung .
Und sie geht so :
In der ersten Hälfte des 3 .
Jahrhunderts v. Chr. bittet der ägyptische König Ptolemaios II .
Philadelphos beim Hohenpriester Eleasar in Jerusalem um eine griechische Übersetzung des hebräischen Gesetzbuches ( Tora ) für die berühmte alexandrinische Bibliothek ; 72 jüdische Gelehrte , je sechs aus den zwölf Stämmen Israels , eine „ göttliche Zahl “ , machen sich auf den Weg und übertragen auf der Insel Pharos in 72 Tagen die fünf Bücher Mose ( Pentateuch ) ins Griechische ; es entsteht allmählich das größte Übersetzungswerk der Antike , die „ Septuaginta “ ( wörtlich : die der Siebzig ) .
Eine fantastische Geschichte , festgehalten im sogenannten Aristeas - Brief .
Aber eben eine Legende .
Zumindest was die angebliche Spanne von 72 Tagen angeht .
Legenden haben , wie man weiß , ein langes Leben .
Die sagenhafte Erzählung wird von dem jüdischen Historiker Josephus Flavius aufgegriffen , der etwa um Jahr 100 n. Chr. gestorben ist .
Und der Religionsphilosoph Philo von Alexandria ( 50 n. Chr. gestorben ) weitet sie aus :
Alle 72 Gelehrten seien streng abgesondert von ihres Gleichen und unabhängig von einander zu einem identischen Ergebnis gekommen .
Anzeige
In Wirklichkeit , das zeigt die Bibelforschung , ist das Riesenprojekt ( in römischen Ziffern als LXX abgekürzt ) natürlich langsam gewachsen , es konnte noch nicht einmal im zweiten Jahrhundert v. Chr. abgeschlossen werden .
Da gehören zu ihm allerdings schon die übrigen Bücher der Hebräischen Bibel ( Propheten , Weisheitsschriften etc. ) , doch an einzelnen Schriftkomplexen wird bis in die neutestamentliche Zeit weiter gearbeitet , etwa an den Psalmen .
Kein Mensch kennt die Namen der Autoren , geschweige den
Ort und die genaue Zeit der Niederschrift des Textes , der im hellenistischen Diasporajudentum im Mittelmeerraum – nach dem Fall Samarias und Jerusalems waren in Ägypten blühende jüdische Gemeinden entstanden – zu einer bestimmenden heiligen Schrift erhoben wird .
Ihre Wirkungsgeschichte geht weiter über den jüdischen Kosmos hinaus .
Eineinhalb Jahrtausende ist die Septuaginta auch für die christlichen Kirchen Westeuropas die Ausgabe des Alten Testaments , für das orientalische und byzantinische Christentum gilt das bis heute .
Anzeige
In deutscher Sprache ist sie bisher noch nie eigenständig veröffentlicht worden .
Die berühmte Luther - Bibel und alle ihre Nachfolger bis zur umstrittenen „ Bibel in gerechter Sprache “ , die im deutschen Protestantismus heftige Kontroversen heraufbeschwor , halten sich maßgeblich an den hebräischen Text .
Die " Vulgata " wurde die Konkurrenzbibel
Die römisch - katholische Kirche bediente sich der Vulgata , eine Übertragung der Bibel durch den Kirchenvater Hieronymus ( 340-420 ) ins Lateinische .
Jüngere katholische Bibelübersetzungen , etwa die „ Einheitsübersetzung “ , greifen allerdings wieder auf Elemente der Septuaginta zurück , wenn diese einem unklaren hebräischen Text überlegen scheinen .
Zum ersten Mal legt heute in Berlin ein Team evangelischer , katholischer und orthodoxer Experten . – wiederum sind es mehr als 70 Gelehrte , aus mehreren Nationen . – eine vollständige deutsche Septuaginta - Übersetzung vor : 1500 Seiten dick und im Dialog mit jüdischen Kollegen erarbeitet ; ein Rabbiner hat sogar das Geleitwort mit unterzeichnet .
Ein Doppelband mit wissenschaftlichen Erläuterungen soll folgen .
Eine Lücke in der Erforschung heiliger Schrift wird geschlossen .
Anzeige
Die 1,3 Millionen orthodoxe Christen in Deutschland erhalten erstmals eine Ausgabe „ ihrer “ Bibel in deutscher Sprache .
Sie können sie für ihre Gottesdienste nutzen . – wie in Griechenland und Zypern üblich .
Eine Gesamtausgabe der Septuaginta in einer modernen Sprache gab es bislang nur in einer englischen Version , und sie stammt aus dem 19 .
Jahrhundert .
Finanziert wird das deutsche Mammut - Werk unter anderem von der Evangelischen Kirche im Rheinland und der Evangelisch - Lutherischen Landeskirche Bayerns .
Deutschland werde jetzt in der internationalen Septuaginta - Forschung als wichtige Adresse wahrgenommen , freut sich der Neutestamentler Martin Karrer ( Wuppertal ) , einer der beiden Hauptherausgeber der Übersetzung ; sie erscheint in der ( evangelischen ) Deutschen Bibelgesellschaft ( Stuttgart ) .
Karrers Saarbrücker Kollege Wolfgang Kraus nennt die Septuaginta eine gewachsene Sammlung von Übersetzungen und Schriften .
Das gilt um so mehr , als auch die hebräische Ausgabe des Alten Testaments damals noch keineswegs abgeschlossen gewesen ist ; der Bestand der hebräischen Texte verfestigt sich konkret erst im 3 . beziehungsweise 2 . Jahrhundert v. Chr .
Die Septuaginta ist ein komplexes Werk
„ Die Gestaltfindungen der hebräischen Bibel und der Septuaginta verlaufen in einem komplizierten Nebeneinander “ , sagt Kraus .
„ Die Septuaginta ist daher ein eigenständiges Werk und nicht einfach von dem uns bekannten Bestand der heiligen Schriften abhängig . “
Sie spielt jedoch eine entscheidende Rolle für das Verständnis des antiken Judentums , der allgemeinen antiken Religionsgeschichte - und des Neuen Testaments : Dessen Autoren knüpfen bei der Aufnahme alttestamentlicher Belege mehr auf die Septuaginta an als auf den hebräischen Text , sie weicht in vielen Details von der hebräischen Version des Alten Testaments ab .
Andererseits weichen auch Stil und Genauigkeit der griechischen Übersetzung in den einzelnen Büchern soweit voneinander ab , dass eine unabhängige Entstehung zumindest einzelner Teile angenommen werden muss .
Anzeige
Eine der ältesten vollständigen Handschriften , die die Septuaginta enthält , ist der „ Codex Sinaiticus “ aus dem 4 .
Jahrhundert , jedoch werden einzelne Seiten und Seitenfragmente von Wissenschaftlern bis zurück ins zweite vorchristliche Jahrhundert datiert .
Hingegen stammen die ältesten fast vollständig erhaltenen Handschriften der hebräischen Bibel aus dem 10 .
Jahrhundert n. Chr .
Immer wieder tauchen neue Funde auf , die die Forscher vor zusätzliche Herausforderungen stellen .
Einigen Büchern der LXX liegt ein hebräischer
Text zugrunde , der , so nahm man an , weder mit dem Masoretischen Text , der lange als die ursprüngliche hebräische Version galt , noch mit den durch die 1947 von einem arabischen Hirten gefundenen Schriftrollen vom Toten Meer ( Qumran - Rollen ) bezeugten Varianten übereinstimmt .
Die Untersuchung von Schriftfragmenten förderte allerdings zutage , dass auf jeden Fall mehrere und dazu verschiedene alttestamentliche Textarten in der vorchristlichen Zeit kursierten .
Und offenbar gibt es frühe hebräische Handschriften , die im Wortlaut mit der Septuaginta wesentlich übereinstimmen .
Als gesichert gilt , dass sich in den sagenhaften Qumram - Rollen neben hebräischen auch griechische Teste befanden .
„ Bei der griechischen Übersetzung “ , sagt Wolfgang Kraus , „ wurden hebräische Vorstellungen in die alexandrinische Vorstellungswelt übertragen . “
Und jede Übersetzung ist eine Interpretation .
Sie gibt Hinweise auf Kultur und Vorstellungswelt des Übersetzers .
Dies dürfte auch die „ himmlische Genealogie “ , die so genannte Jungfrauengeburt , betreffen , über die noch heute unter Christen gestritten wird : eine biologische Tatsache oder doch bloß eine theologische Metapher ?
Wer etwa als Mitglied der römisch - katholischen Kirche seine Zweifel an der biologischen Jungfräulichkeit Mariens äußert , ruiniert seine kirchliche Karriere ; der ehemalige Priester und Dozent Eugen Drewermann hat das wie andere aus der Theologenzunft erfahren .
Ohne die Septuaginta ist das Motiv Jungfrauengeburt nicht zu verstehen .
Im ( älteren ) hebräischen Bibeltext heißt es noch beim Propheten Jesaja im 7 .
Kapitel : „ Darum wird der
Herr selbst euch ein Zeichen geben : siehe , die junge Frau wird schwanger werden und einen Sohn gebären .
Und sie wird ihn Immanuel nennen . “
Die göttliche Zeugung war ein bekanntes Bild
In der Septuaginta ist unter Jesaja 7 zu lesen : „ Darum wird der Herr selbst euch ein Zeichen geben : sie , die Jungfrau wird schwanger sein und einen Sohn gebären .
Und du wirst ihm den Namen Emmanuel geben . “
Anzeige
Der Unterschied sticht ins Auge .
In der hebräischen Textfassung spricht der Prophet von einer „ jungen Frau “ , die einen Sohn gebären wird .
In der Septuaginta wird die „ junge Frau “ mit dem griechischen Wort „ parthenos “ übersetzt – es steht für „ Jungfrau “ .
Im ägyptischen und hellenistischen Mythos war die Vorstellung einer wunderbaren göttlichen Zeugung nichts Ungewöhnliches .
So war göttliches Eingreifen in die Geschicke der Menschen zu verdeutlichen , noch mehr die göttliche Legitimität von Herrschern zu beweisen .
„ Bei hellenistischen Königen “ , schreibt der Bamberger Theologe Volker Eid , ein Kenner Israels und der christlichen Archäologie , „ war es nicht unüblich , sich auf göttliche Zeugung zu berufen und so eine despotische Herrschaft zu begründen . …
Als unter heidenchristlichem Einfluss die Gottessohnschaft Jesu immer stärker betont wurde , lag die hellenistisch geprägte Vorstellung nahe , Jesus sei durch göttliches Einwirken empfangen und ungeschlechtlich - jungfräulich geboren worden . “
Es ist der Evangelist Matthäus , der die Vorstellung von der Jungfrauengeburt , die aus dem griechischen Judentum Syriens stammen dürfte , aufgreift und damit der christlichen Theologie eine Richtung weist .
Auch die Schöpfungsgeschichte wird neu definiert
Die Septuaginta gibt weitere Hinweise auf die Breite des jüdischen Denkens um die Zeitenwende .
Beispiel Schöpfungsgeschichte : Nach der hebräischen Bibel schuf Gott „ den Himmel und die Erde “ , in der griechischen Übersetzung ist von der Erschaffung des „ Kosmos “ die Rede .
Und wo Ezechiel , der letzte der so genannten großen Propheten , ins Visionäre schweifend von einem „ Tempel “ erzählt , geht es im griechischen Text um einen konkreten Tempel , wie er in Alexandrien gebaut wurde .
Anzeige
Die Sammlung alttestamentlicher Schriften in der überlieferten Septuaginta ist zudem umfangreicher als der Kanon hebräischer Texte .
Eine Reihe von Büchern , die im heutigen jüdischen Kanon nicht enthalten sind , wird in der griechischen Version als kanonisch ( gültig ) angesehen .
Dazu gehören : die Bücher Baruch , Tobit , Judit , Jesus Sirach , das Buch der Weisheit , die beiden Makkabäer - Bücher und Teile der Bücher Ester und Daniel .
Über das hellenistische Judentum geht der Bestand der Septuaginta im ersten Jahrhundert n. Chr. ins hellenistische Judenchristentum über .
Die LXX ist der Basistext der meisten Verfasser des Neuen Testaments ( NT ) ; sie entnehmen nicht nur die meisten ihrer wörtlichen alttestamentlichen Zitate der LXX , auch ihre Schriften . – darunter die Evangelien , vor allem das Evangelium nach Lukas – sind gespickt mit theologischen Begriffen der Septuaginta : etwa Gesetz , Gerechtigkeit , Barmherzigkeit , Wahrheit , Sühnung .
Dabei kann den NT - Autoren wie Paulus oder Johannes getrost unterstellt werden , dass ihnen der hebräische
Text durchaus bekannt war .
Sie haben sich aber für die griechische Übersetzung entschieden .
Es bestätigt sich , dass die Bibel selbst in ihrer Entstehung schon Produkt von Auslegung ist .
Auch Übersetzen ist eine Kunst des Möglichen .
Ein übersetzter
Text ist niemals völlig identisch mit dem Original .
„ Wer einen Vers wörtlich übersetzt , ist ein Lügner “ , sagt der Talmud .
Als die Wege von Judentum und Christentum auseinander gehen , wird die Septuaginta immer eindeutiger zur Heiligen Schrift der Kirche .
„ Wenn die neutestamentlichen Theologen durchgehend betonen , dass das von ihnen geglaubte Handeln Gottes in Jesus von Nazareth ‚ gemäß / nach den Schriften ’ ( 1. Korintherbrief ) geglaubt werden kann , dann meinen sie mit den , Schriften ‘ immer die heiligen Schriften Israels in griechischer Sprache “ , resümiert Hubert Frankemölle , katholischer Paderborner Professor für Neutestamentliche Exegese .
„ Auch die vielen , eingespielten Zitate aus den heiligen Schriften Israels im Neuen Testament bestätigen diese Kontinuitätsperspektive urchristlicher Theologen .
Sie verstehen in Aufnahme und Weiterführung der Aktualisierung der griechischsprachigen jüdischen Theologen ihren eigenen Glauben als Radikalisierung des jüdischen Monotheismus . “
Im 2 . Jahrhundert n. Chr. wurde noch einmal versucht , eine griechische Übersetzung der Tora für die Juden zu schaffen .
Doch aus dem rabbinischen Judentum schlug den Befürwortern strikte Ablehnung entgegen .
Vermutlich aus mehreren . – nachvollziehbaren – Gründen .
Ein Motiv könnte sein , dass die Schreiber nicht den rigorosen Vorschriften beim Kopieren der hebräischen Texte folgten und man das Aufbrechen theologischer Differenzen befürchtete .
Zudem befand sich das hellenistische Judentum nach der Zerstörung Jerusalems in der Krise .
Außerdem wurde christlichen Autoren vorgeworfen , die Septuaginta bewusst zu verändern , um einen
Text zu bekommen , der der Lehre des Christentums näher sei .
Umgekehrt hieß es von christlicher Seite , die Septuaginta - Inhalte entsprächen der älteren jüdischen Tradition , derer man sich nun im Judentum entledigen wolle , um das Christentum als nichtjüdisch darstellen zu können .
Tatsächlich bevorzugte das Christentum der alten Kirche die Septuaginta , da nur wenige Kirchenväter des Hebräischen mächtig waren .
Zudem wurde durch sie die postulierte Einheit von Altem Testament und griechisch abgefasstem Neuen Testament deutlicher hervorgehoben .
Die Diskussion über die alte Frage „ Was ist eigentlich der heilige Text ? “ wird auch die erste Gesamtausgabe der Septuaginta in deutscher Sprache befeuern , die die Professoren Karrer und Kraus nach zehnjähriger Textarbeit von Theologen , Altphilologen , Althistorikern , Judaisten , Ägyptologen und Kirchengeschichtlern in Berlin vorstellen .
Nun rückt endlich eine zweite zentrale Quelle der biblischen Überlieferung wieder in den Fokus ; sie wurde in Forschung und Theologen - Ausbildung bisher vernachlässigt :
Nur noch wenige Studenten verstanden das schwierige Altgriechisch .
Der komplizierte christlich - jüdische Dialog , hofft Wolfgang Kraus , könne jetzt neue Impulse erhalten .
Sie sind in der aktuellen Situation auch bitter nötig .
Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 released
February 14th , 2009
The Debian Project is pleased to announce the official release of Debian GNU / Linux version 5.0 ( codenamed Lenny ) after 22 months of constant development .
Debian GNU / Linux is a free operating system which supports a total of twelve processor architectures and includes the KDE , GNOME , Xfce , and LXDE desktop environments .
It also features compatibility with the FHS v2.3 and software developed for version 3.2 of the LSB .
Debian GNU / Linux runs on computers ranging from palmtops and handheld systems to supercomputers , and on nearly everything in between .
A total of twelve architectures are supported : Sun SPARC ( sparc ) , HP Alpha ( alpha ) , Motorola / IBM PowerPC ( powerpc ) , Intel IA - 32 ( i386 ) , IA - 64 ( ia64 ) , HP PA - RISC ( hppa ) , MIPS ( mips , mipsel ) , ARM ( arm , armel ) , IBM S/390 ( s390 ) , and AMD64 and Intel EM64T ( amd64 ) .
Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 Lenny adds support for Marvell 's Orion platform which is used in many storage devices .
Supported storage devices include the QNAP Turbo Station series , HP Media Vault mv2120 , and Buffalo Kurobox Pro. Additionally , Lenny now supports several Netbooks , in particular the Eee PC by Asus .
Lenny also contains the build tools for Emdebian which allow Debian source packages to be cross - built and shrunk to suit embedded ARM systems .
Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 Lenny includes the new ARM EABI port , armel .
This new port provides a more efficient use of both modern and future ARM processors .
As a result , the old ARM port ( arm ) has now been deprecated .
This release includes numerous updated software packages , such as the K Desktop Environment 3.5.10 ( KDE ) , an updated version of the GNOME desktop environment 2.22.2 , the Xfce 4.4.2 desktop environment , LXDE 0.3.2.1 , the GNUstep desktop 7.3 , X. Org 7.3 , OpenOffice.org 2.4.1 , GIMP 2.4.7 , Iceweasel 3.0.6 ( an unbranded version of Mozilla Firefox ) , Icedove 2.0.0.19 ( an unbranded version of Mozilla Thunderbird ) , PostgreSQL 8.3.6 , MySQL 5.0.51a , GNU Compiler Collection 4.3.2 , Linux kernel version 2.6.26 , Apache 2.2.9 , Samba 3.2.5 , Python 2.5.2 and 2.4.6 , Perl 5.10.0 , PHP 5.2.6 , Asterisk 1.4.21.2 , Emacs 22 , Inkscape 0.46 , Nagios 3.06 , Xen Hypervisor 3.2.1 ( dom0 as well as domU support ) , OpenJDK 6b11 , and more than 23,000 other ready - to - use software packages ( built from over 12,000 source packages ) .
With the integration of X. Org 7.3 the X server autoconfigures itself with most hardware .
Newly introduced packages allow the full support of NTFS filesystems and the use of most multimedia keys out of the box .
Support for Adobe® Flash® format files is available via the swfdec or Gnash plugins .
Overall improvements for notebooks have been introduced , such as out of the box support of CPU frequency scaling .
For leisure time several new games have been added , including puzzle games as well as first - person shooters .
Also notable is the introduction of goplay , a graphical games browser offering filters , search , screenshots and descriptions for games in Debian .
The availability and updates of OpenJDK , GNU Java compiler , GNU Java bytecode interpreter , Classpath and other free versions of Sun's Java technology , into Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 allow us to ship Java - based applications in Debian 's main repository .
Further improvements in system security include the installation of available security updates before the first reboot by the Debian Installer , the reduction of setuid root binaries and open ports in the standard installation , and the use of GCC hardening features in the builds of several security - critical packages .
Various applications have specific improvements , too .
PHP for example is now built with the Suhosin hardening patch .
For non-native English speaking users the package management systems now support translated package descriptions and will automatically show the description of a package in the native language of the user , if available .
Debian GNU / Linux can be installed from various installation media such as DVDs , CDs , USB sticks and floppies , or from the network .
GNOME is the default desktop environment and is contained on the first CD .
Other desktop environments — KDE , Xfce , or LXDE — can be installed through two new alternative CD images .
Again available with Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 are multi-arch CDs and DVDs supporting installation of multiple architectures from a single disc ; and this release adds Blu-ray Discs , allowing the archive for an entire architecture to be shipped on a single BD .
In addition to the regular installation media , Debian GNU / Linux can now also be directly used without prior installation .
The special images used , known as live images , are available for CDs , USB sticks , and netboot setups .
Initially , these are provided for the amd64 and i386 architectures only .
The installation process for Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 has been improved in many ways : among many other improvements , support for installation from more than one CD or DVD has been restored , firmware required by some devices can be loaded by using removable media , and installations via Braille display are supported .
The installer boot process has also received much attention : a graphical menu can be used to choose front - ends and desktop environments , and to select expert or rescue mode .
The installation system for Debian GNU / Linux has now been translated to 63 languages .
Debian GNU / Linux can be downloaded right now via bittorrent ( the recommended way ) , jigdo or HTTP ; see Debian GNU / Linux on CDs for further information .
It will soon be available on DVD , CD - ROM and Blu-ray Disc from numerous vendors , too .
Upgrades to Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 from the previous release , Debian GNU / Linux 4.0 ( codenamed Etch ) are automatically handled by the aptitude package management tool for most configurations , and to a certain degree also by the apt - get package management tool .
As always , Debian GNU / Linux systems can be upgraded painlessly , in place , without any forced downtime , but it is strongly recommended to read the release notes for possible issues , and for detailed instructions on installing and upgrading .
The release notes will be further improved and translated to additional languages in the weeks after the release .
Dedication
Debian GNU / Linux 5.0 Lenny is dedicated to Thiemo Seufer , a Debian Developer who died on December 26th , 2008 in a tragic car accident .
Thiemo was involved in Debian in many ways .
He has maintained several packages and was the main supporter of the Debian port to the MIPS architectures .
He was also a member of our kernel team , as well as a member of the Debian Installer team .
His contributions reached far beyond the Debian project .
He also worked on the MIPS port of the Linux kernel , the MIPS emulation of qemu , and far too many smaller projects to be named here .
Thiemo's work , commitment , broad technical knowledge and ability to share this with others will be missed .
Thiemo 's contributions will not be forgotten .
The high standards of his work make it hard to pick up .
About Debian
Debian GNU / Linux is a free operating system , developed by more than a thousand volunteers from all over the world who collaborate via the Internet .
Debian 's dedication to Free Software , its non-profit nature , and its open development model make it unique among GNU / Linux distributions .
The Debian project 's key strengths are its volunteer base , its dedication to the Debian Social Contract , and its commitment to provide the best operating system possible .
Debian 5.0 is another important step in that direction .
Contact Information
For further information , please visit the Debian web pages at https://www.debian.org/ or send mail to < press@debian.org >.
She has been undergoing treatment for severe depression .
Many people suffer from clinical depression for years before being diagnosed .
After several years of an economic boom , it looks as though we may be heading toward a depression .
The photographs show depressions in the moon 's surface .
Sent by Joey Dauben to contact.ipr@gmail.com :
I am one signature away from filing the official paperwork for the candidacy of Barry Cooper ( of Never Get Busted fame ) for the office of Texas Attorney General .
This will be a statewide race , four - year term , and will be – so far – the first announced LP candidate for this office .
Upon Barry ’s signature , we will be the first - to - file so we can begin raising money ( I say we because I ’ll be working as his campaign manager ) for this important race .
So far , two Republicans , Congressman Michael McCaul , R- Austin , and state Rep. Dan Branch , R - Dallas , are looking at jumping into the race .
( Current AG Greg Abbott is expected to get into the race for Lt. Governor )
We want a Cooper vs. McCaul match - up because of the congressman ’s former federal prosecutor status in the War on Drugs .
With Barry ’s notoriety , we could get some major media attention in an election in which Kay Bailey Hutchison will steal the gubernatorial limelight .
We ’re planning an official announcement soon , but filing the paperwork for treasurer is the first step that a candidate can ( legally ) make to raise money and spend it .
At an NCAA athletic conference on January 15th , it was revealed that some VitaminWater flavors contain " impermissible or banned substances " , which could lead to suspensions for some athletes .
Advertisement
So , the National Center For Drug Free Sport proposed this sign to hang in locker rooms across the country .
This was sent out to numerous NCAA coaches by Drug Free Sport :
We wanted to bring this your attention .
At this time , Vitamin Water has six products that contain impermissible or banned substances for NCAA athletes .
If the athletes consume some of these flavors , they could result in a positive drug test and the consequences that follow , including lost eligibility .
The products that are in questions , are as follows : power -c , energy , b-relaxed , rescue , vital -t and balance , see that attached chart for more information .
We would suggest that you post this signage so your student athletes are made aware of the banned products .
Advertisement
The smart kids at the Brown Daily Herald reported some of the ingredients in the troublesome flavors :
The flavors known as Power -C , Energy , B-relaxed , Rescue , Vital - T and Balance were all mentioned in Associate Athletic Director Robert Kenneally 's e-mail to students , though only Energy and Rescue contain compounds that are banned - caffeine in both cases , and guarana seed extract for Energy .
Caffeine is banned only above a level of 15 micrograms per milliliter , according to the NCAA , a mark that can be avoided with most moderate diets .
Five flavors contain some amount of impermissible substances , and so can not be provided to students .
Power -C , B-relaxed and Rescue contain the psychoactive compounds taurine - found in Red Bull - L - theanine and ECGC , the active ingredient in green tea extract .
Balance contains traces of glucosamine - sometimes used to rebuild cartilage or heal joints - and Vital - T has chemicals found in rooibos tea extract .
So , that would seem to throw a wrench into Vitamin Water 's marketing efforts just a bit .
UPDATE : CNBC's Darren Rovell did some digging on this story and the NCAA released this " FOR THE RECORD " press release about the concerns over the impermissible substance report and Drug Free Sport 's signage :
Normal daily consumption of any of the 13 Vitaminwater varieties will not place a student - athlete at risk for testing positive for banned substances .
Eight of the varieties , including Revive , the only NCAA - branded variety featured at NCAA Championships , contain no impermissible or banned substances and may be provided by member institutions to student - athletes .
Advertisement
Three Vitaminwater varieties ( Power - c , B- relaxed , and Balance ) contain ingredients that categorize them as impermissible under NCAA extra benefit rules .
As such , schools cannot provide these varieties to student - athletes as a nutritional supplement , but they can be purchased and consumed by student - athletes on their own without any risk to their NCAA eligibility .
Two Vitaminwater varieties , Energy and Rescue , contain an ingredient or ingredients — caffeine and guarana seed extract ( a caffeine source ) - that are included on the NCAA 's drug - testing list of banned substances .
The NCAA places a limit on the amount of caffeine that can be legally found in the urine of a student - athlete .
This level was set to allow ordinary consumption of caffeine - containing beverages , such as cola , tea or coffee .
Vitaminwater Energy and Vitaminwater Rescue contain low levels of caffeine .
To put it in perspective , an average sized healthy man would have to drink ten 20 oz .
bottles of Vitaminwater Energy or Rescue within several hours of competition to reach the level that could potentially create a positive NCAA urine test . "
Advertisement
The NCAA and Vitaminwater 's parent company , Coca - Cola , have diligently researched issues surrounding student - athlete consumption of these products prior to the October 2008 announcement of Revive being featured on sideline equipment at NCAA championships .
At no time has student - athlete eligibility been put at risk for those who choose to drink Revive or any of the other varieties under normal daily consumption standards . "
SECOND UPDATE : So Drug Free Sport has contacted us and denies any involvement with this campaign or making this sign .
Our original source on this story has gone quiet and is reluctant to reveal where he got it from .
So , given those circumstances , for right now , I 'm pulling down the image until I can find out its origins .
It seems silly for someone to fabricate a very legitimate looking sign , seemingly inspired by the original January 15th NCAA report , but until our source can give better confirmation on its origins we can only go on Drug Free Sport 's official statement which is that they had nothing to do with this and did not send out this email to any NCAA athletic departments .
But the whole thing does seem like such a marketing clusterfuck right now , that it 's tough to believe what the NCAA , Drug Free Sport , and Vitaminwater are putting out there .
Once we get a better explanation on this , we 'll do a follow - up .
Advertisement
Some Vitamin Water Flavors Contain Banned Substances [ The Brown Daily Herald ]
And Now A Drink NOT From Your Sponsor [ CNBC ]
The Spanish critics did not gush when Pedro Almodóvar released his first sketches , filmed with a Super 8 camera and no sound .
His zany , irreverent forays into film - making in the 1970s and early 80s received lukewarm reviews .
The writers poked fun at his bathroom humour and high - lighted his technical gaffes .
But now , with several Oscars under his belt , the director of Volver and Talk To Her has returned to his roots with a naughty short – his first in 30 years – and Spain is enthralled .
One critic called it , “ a daring and intelligent act of hooliganism ” .
The provocative title of this trip down memory lane is La Consejala Antropofaga ( The Cannabilistic Councilwoman ) , which premiered on a Spanish pay - TV channel , Canal +.
It was born as a spin - off from his upcoming film , Los Abrazos Rotos ( Broken Embraces ) , a four - way love story shot in film - noir style starring his Oscar - winning muse , Penelope Cruz as both a blonde and a brunette .
The auteur from La Mancha said he was so impressed by the “ extraordinary talent ” of an actress who played a minor character in the film that he wrote the cannibal script for her “ on a creative whim ” .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
That actress is the plump , middle - aged Carmen Machi , best known in Spain for her role in the sitcom Aida , where she plays a plucky cleaning woman who struggles to provide for her family .
Machi is also a leading lady of Spanish theatre .
“ I ’m sick of everything , of men , of diets , of liposuction , of politics , of everything except sex , ” Machi ’s cannibalistic character tells a comatose dining companion , slumped face - down at a kitchen table .
“ I am the councillor of social affairs and on both a personal and professional level , I believe that sex is a profoundly social affair . ”
Machi ’s kitchen - table monologue goes on to describe her desire to gobble up a man whole , starting with his big toe .
Spanish television stations and newspapers are praising Almodovar ’s brief , man-eating offering .
“ The short will be talked about because it is brilliant and impeccable in performance and production , ” said El País .
“ And to top it off , it is hilarious .
Here is the best of the young and fresh Almodovar of his beginnings , but polished with the wisdom accumulated from so many years of film - making . ”
The critics compare La Consejala Antropofaga to Almodovar ’s once maligned film from 1980 Pepi , Luci , Bom , a romp through the club scene of post - Franco Madrid .
“ Almodovar , armed with youth , returns to his cinematic origins with a naughty , unblushing short that we watch with the same shock as we did 30 years ago , ” said El País .
Here 's the truth about why I 'm writing this article :
I want to fulfill my contract with my boss .
I want to avoid getting fired .
I want all the attractive women I knew in high school and college to read it .
I want them to be amazed and impressed and feel a vague regret over their decision not to have sex with me , and maybe if I get divorced or become a widower , I can have sex with them someday at a reunion .
I want Hollywood to buy my article and turn it into a movie , even though they kind of already made the movie ten years ago with Jim Carrey .
I want to get congratulatory e-mails and job offers that I can politely decline .
Or accept if they 're really good .
Then get a generous counteroffer from my boss .
To be totally honest , I was sorry I mentioned this idea to my boss about three seconds after I opened my mouth .
Because I knew the article would be a pain in the ass to pull off .
Dammit .
I should have let my colleague Tom Chiarella write it .
But I did n't want to seem lazy .
What I mentioned to my boss was this : a movement called Radical Honesty .
Universal Pictures
The movement was founded by a sixty - six - year - old Virginia - based psychotherapist named Brad Blanton .
He says everybody would be happier if we just stopped lying .
Tell the truth , all the time .
This would be radical enough -- a world without fibs -- but Blanton goes further .
He says we should toss out the filters between our brains and our mouths .
If you think it , say it .
Confess to your boss your secret plans to start your own company .
If you 're having fantasies about your wife 's sister , Blanton says to tell your wife and tell her sister .
It 's the only path to authentic relationships .
It 's the only way to smash through modernity 's soul - deadening alienation .
Oversharing ?
No such thing .
Yes .
I know .
One of the most idiotic ideas ever , right up there with Vanilla Coke and giving Phil Spector a gun permit .
Deceit makes our world go round .
Without lies , marriages would crumble , workers would be fired , egos would be shattered , governments would collapse .
Without lies , marriages would crumble , workers would be fired , egos would be shattered , governments would collapse
And yet ... maybe there 's something to it .
Especially for me .
I have a lying problem .
Mine are n't big lies .
They are n't lies like " I can not recall that crucial meeting from two months ago , Senator . "
Mine are little lies .
White lies .
Half - truths .
The kind we all tell .
But I tell dozens of them every day .
" Yes , let 's definitely get together soon . "
" I 'd love to , but I have a touch of the stomach flu . "
" No , we ca n't buy a toy today -- the toy store is closed . "
It 's bad .
Maybe a couple of weeks of truth - immersion therapy would do me good .
I e-mail Blanton to ask if I can come down to Virginia and get some pointers before embarking on my Radical Honesty experiment .
He writes back : " I appreciate you for apparently having a real interest and hope you 're not just doing a cutesy little superficial dipshit job like most journalists . "
I 'm already nervous .
I better start off with a clean slate .
I confess I lied to him in my first e-mail -- that I have n't ordered all his books on Amazon yet .
I was just trying to impress upon him that I was serious about his work .
He writes back : " Thanks for your honesty in attempting to guess what your manipulative and self - protective motive must have been . "
Blanton lives in a house he built himself , perched on a hill in the town of Stanley , Virginia , population 1,331 .
We 're sitting on white chairs in a room with enormous windows and a crackling fireplace .
He 's swirling a glass of Maker 's Mark bourbon and water and telling me why it 's important to live with no lies .
" You 'll have really bad times , you 'll have really great times , but you 'll contribute to other people because you have n't been dancing on eggshells your whole fucking life .
It 's a better life . "
" Do you think it 's ever okay to lie ? " I ask .
" I advocate never lying in personal relationships .
But if you have Anne Frank in your attic and a Nazi knocks on the door , lie .... I lie to any government official . "
( Blanton 's politics are just this side of Noam Chomsky's . )
" I lie to the IRS .
I always take more deductions than are justified .
I lie in golf .
And in poker . "
Blanton adjusts his crotch .
I expected him to be a bully .
Or maybe a new - age huckster with a bead necklace who sits cross-legged on the floor .
He 's neither .
He 's a former Texan with a big belly and a big laugh and a big voice .
He 's got a bushy head of gray hair and a twang that makes his bye sound like bah .
He calls himself " white trash with a Ph.D . "
If you mixed DNA from Lyndon Johnson , Ken Kesey , and threw in the non-annoying parts of Dr. Phil , you might get Blanton .
Are there any non-annoying parts of Dr. Phil ?
Getty Images
He ran for Congress twice , with the novel promise that he'd be an honest politician .
In 2004 , he got a surprising 25 percent of the vote in his Virginia district as an independent .
In 2006 , the Democrats considered endorsing him but got skittish about his weeklong workshops , which involve a day of total nudity .
They also were n't crazy that he 's been married five times ( currently to a Swedish flight attendant twenty - six years his junior ) .
He ran again but withdrew when it became clear he was going to be crushed .
My interview with Blanton is unlike any other I 've had in fifteen years as a journalist .
Usually , there 's a fair amount of ass kissing and diplomacy .
You approach the controversial stuff on tippy toes ( the way Barbara Walters once asked Richard Gere about that terrible , terrible rumor ) .
With Blanton , I can say anything that pops into my mind .
In fact , it would be rude not to say it .
I 'd be insulting his life 's work .
It 's my first taste of Radical Honesty , and it 's liberating , exhilarating .
When Blanton rambles on about President Bush , I say , " You know , I stopped listening about a minute ago . "
" Thanks for telling me , " he says .
I tell him , " You look older than you do in the author photo for your book , " and when he veers too far into therapyspeak , I say , " That just sounds like gobbledygook . "
" Thanks , " he replies . "
Or , " That 's fine . "
Blanton has a temper -- he threatened to " beat the shit " out of a newspaper editor during the campaign -- but it has n't flared tonight .
The closest he comes to attacking me is when he says I am self - indulgent and Esquire is pretentious .
Both true .
Blanton pours himself another bourbon and water .
He 's got a wad of chewing tobacco in his cheek , and when he spits into the fireplace , the flames crackle louder .
" My boss says you sound like a dick , " I say .
" Tell your boss he 's a dick , " he says .
" I'm glad you picked your nose just now , " I say .
" Because it was funny and disgusting , and it'll make a good detail for the article . "
" That 's fine .
I 'll pick my ass in a minute . "
Then he unleashes his deep Texan laugh : heh , heh , heh .
( He also burps and farts throughout our conversation ; he believes the one - cheek sneak is " a little deceitful . " )
No topic is off - limits .
" I 've slept with more than five hundred women and about a half dozen men , " he tells me .
" I 've had a whole bunch of threesomes " -- one of which involved a hermaphrodite prostitute equipped with dual organs .
' I 've had a whole bunch of threesomes -- one of which involved a hermaphrodite prostitute equipped with dual organs '
What about animals ?
Blanton thinks for a minute .
" I let my dog lick my dick once . "
If he had n't devoted his life to Radical Honesty , I 'd say he was , to use his own phrase , as full of shit as a Christmas turkey .
But I do n't think he is .
I believe he 's telling the truth .
Which is a startling thing for a journalist to confront .
Generally , I 'm devoting 30 percent of my mental energy to figuring out what a source is lying about or hiding from me .
Another 20 percent goes into scheming about how to unearth that buried truth .
No need for that today .
" I was disappointed when I visited your office , " I tell Blanton .
( Earlier he had shown me a small , cluttered single - room office that serves as the Radical Honesty headquarters . )
" I 'm impressed by exteriors , so I would have been impressed by an office building in some city , not a room in Butt Fuck , Virginia .
For my article , I want this to be a legitimate movement , not a fringe movement . "
" What about a legitimate fringe movement ? " asks Blanton , who has , by this time , had three bourbons .
Blanton 's legitimate fringe movement is sizable but not huge .
He 's sold 175,000 books in eleven languages and has twenty - five trainers assisting in workshops and running practice groups around the country .
Now , my editor thinks I 'm overreaching here and trying too hard to justify this article 's existence , but I think society is speeding toward its own version of Radical Honesty .
The truth of our lives is increasingly being exposed , both voluntarily ( MySpace pages , transparent business transactions ) and involuntarily .
( See Gonzales and Google , or ask Alec Baldwin . )
For better or worse , we may all soon be Brad Blantons .
I need to be prepared .
[ Such bullshit . -- Ed. ]
Alec Baldwin in his natural state Sony
I return to New York and immediately set about delaying my experiment .
When you 're with Blanton , you think , Yes , I can do this !
The truth , the whole truth , nothing but the truth .
But when I get back to bosses and fragile friendships , I continue my lying ways .
" How 's Radical Honesty going ? " my boss asks .
" It 's okay , " I lie .
" A little slow . "
A couple of weeks later , I finally get some inspiration from my friend 's five - year - old daughter , Alison .
We are in Central Park for a play date .
Out of nowhere , Alison looks at me evenly and says , " Your teeth are yellow because you drink coffee all day . "
Damn .
Now that 's some radical honesty for you .
Maybe I should be more like a five - year - old .
An hour later , she shows me her new pet bug -- a beetle of some sort that she has in her cupped hands .
" It 's napping , " she whispers .
I nudge the insect with my finger .
It does n't move .
Should I play along ?
No .
I should tell her the truth , like she told me about my teeth .
" It 's not napping . "
She looks confused .
" It 's dead . "
Alison runs to her father , dismayed .
" Daddy , he just said a bad word . "
I feel like an asshole .
I frightened a five - year - old , probably out of revenge for an insult about my oral hygiene .
I postpone again -- for a few more weeks .
And then my boss tells me he needs the article for the July issue .
I frightened a five - year - old , probably out of revenge for an insult about my oral hygiene
I start in again at dinner with my friend Brian .
We are talking about his new living situation , and I decide to tell him the truth .
" You know , I forget your fiancée 's name . "
This is highly unacceptable -- they 've been together for years ; I 've met her several times .
" It 's Jenny . "
In his book , Blanton talks about the thrill of total candor , the Space Mountain - worthy adrenaline rush you get from breaking taboos .
As he writes , " You learn to like the excitement of mild , ongoing risk taking . "
This I felt .
Luckily , Brian does n't seem too pissed .
So I decide to push my luck .
" Yes , that 's right .
Jenny .
Well , I resent you for not inviting me to you and Jenny 's wedding .
I do n't want to go , since it's in Vermont , but I wanted to be invited . "
" Well , I resent you for not being invited to your wedding . "
" You were n't invited ?
Really ?
I thought I had . "
" Nope . "
" Sorry , man .
That was a mistake . "
A breakthrough !
We are communicating !
Blanton is right .
Brian and I crushed some eggshells .
We are not stoic , emotionless men .
I 'm enjoying this .
A little bracing honesty can be a mood booster .
The next day , we get a visit from my wife 's dad and stepmom .
" Did you get the birthday gift I sent you ? " asks her stepmom .
" Uh - huh , " I say .
She sent me a gift certificate to Saks Fifth Avenue .
" And ?
Did you like it ? "
" Not really .
I do n't like gift certificates .
It 's like you 're giving me an errand to run . "
" Well , uh . . . "
Once again , I felt the thrill of inappropriate candor .
And I felt something else , too .
The paradoxical joy of being free from choice .
I had no choice but to tell the truth .
I did n't have to rack my brain figuring out how to hedge it , spin it , massage it .
I had no choice but to tell the truth .
I did n't have to rack my brain figuring out how to hedge it , spin it , massage it
" Just being honest , " I shrug .
Nice touch , I decide ; helps take the edge off .
She 's got a thick skin .
She 'll be okay .
And I 'll tell you this : I 'll never get a damn gift certificate from her again .
I still tell plenty of lies every day , but by the end of the week I 've slashed the total by at least 40 percent .
Still , the giddiness is wearing off .
A life of radical honesty is filled with a hundred confrontations every day .
Small , but they 're relentless .
" Yes , I 'll come to your office , but I resent you for making me travel . "
" My boss said I should invite you to this meeting , although it would n't have occurred to me to do so . "
" I have nothing else to say to you .
I have run out of conversation . "
My wife tells me a story about switching operating systems on her computer .
In the middle , I have to go help our son with something , then forget to come back .
" Do you want to hear the end of the story or not ? " she asks .
" Well ... is there a payoff ? "
" Fuck you . "
It would have been a lot easier to have kept my mouth closed and listened to her .
It reminds me of an issue I raised with Blanton :
Why make waves ?
" Ninety percent of the time I love my wife , " I told him .
" And 10 percent of the time I hate her .
Why should I hurt her feelings that 10 percent of the time ?
Why not just wait until that phase passes and I return to the true feeling , which is that I love her ? "
Blanton 's response : " Because you 're a manipulative , lying son of a bitch . "
Okay , he 's right .
It 's manipulative and patronizing to shut up and listen .
But it 's exhausting not to .
One other thing is also becoming apparent :
There 's a fine line between radical honesty and creepiness .
Or actually no line at all .
It 's simple logic :
Men think about sex every three minutes , as the scientists at Redbook remind us .
If you speak whatever 's on your mind , you 'll be talking about sex every three minutes .
There 's a fine line between radical honesty and creepiness .
Or actually no line at all
I have a business breakfast with an editor from Rachael Ray 's magazine .
As we 're sitting together , I tell her that I remember what she wore the first time we met -- a black shirt that revealed her shoulders in a provocative way .
I say that I 'd try to sleep with her if I were single .
I confess to her that I just attempted ( unsuccessfully ) to look down her shirt during breakfast .
She smiles .
Though I do notice she leans back farther in her seat .
The thing is , the separate cubbyholes of my personality are merging .
Usually , there 's a professional self , a home self , a friend self , a with - the - guys self .
Now , it 's one big improper mess .
This woman and I have either taken a step forward in our relationship , or she 'll never return my calls again .
When I get home , I keep the momentum going .
I call a friend to say that I fantasize about his wife .
( He says he likes my wife , too , and suggests a key party . )
I inform our twenty - seven - year - old nanny that " if my wife left me , I would ask you out on a date , because I think you are stunning . "
She laughs .
Nervously .
" I think that makes you uncomfortable , so I wo n't mention it again .
It was just on my mind . "
Now I 've made my own skin crawl .
I feel like I should just buy a trench coat and start lurking around subway platforms .
Blanton says he does n't believe sex talk in the workplace counts as sexual harassment -- it 's tight - assed society 's fault if people can't handle the truth -- but my nanny confession just feels like pure abuse of power .
Now I 've made my own skin crawl .
I feel like I should just buy a trench coat and start lurking around subway platforms
All this lasciviousness might be more palatable if I were a single man .
In fact , I have a theory : I think Blanton devised Radical Honesty partly as a way to pick up women .
It 's a brilliant strategy .
The antithesis of mind games .
Transparent mating .
And according to Blanton , it 's effective .
He tells me about a woman he once met on a Paris subway and asked out for tea .
When they sat down , he said , " I did n't really want any tea ; I was just trying to figure out a way to delay you so I could talk to you for a while , because I want to go to bed with you . "
They went to bed together .
Or another seduction technique of his : " Wanna fuck ? "
" That works ? " I asked .
" Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't , but it's the creation of possibility . "
I lied today .
A retired man from New Hampshire -- a friend of a friend -- wrote some poems and sent them to me .
His wife just died , and he 's taken up poetry .
He just wanted someone in publishing to read his work .
A professional opinion .
I read them .
I did n't like them much , but I wrote to him that I thought they were very good .
So I e-mail Blanton for the first time since our meeting and confess what I did .
I write , " His wife just died , he does n't have friends .
He 's kind of pathetic .
I read his stuff , or skimmed it actually .
I did n't like it .
I thought it was boring and badly written .
So I e-mailed a lie .
I said I really like the poems and hope they get published .
He wrote me back so excited and how it made his week and how he was about to give up on them but my e-mail gave him the stamina to keep trying . "
I ask Blanton whether I made a mistake .
He responds curtly .
I need to come to his eight - day workshop to " even begin to get what [ Radical Honesty ] is about . "
He says we need to meet in person .
Meet in person ?
Did he toss down so many bourbons I vanished from his memory ?
I tell him we did meet .
Blanton writes back testily that he remembers .
But I still need to take a workshop ( price tag : $ 2,800 ) .
His only advice on my quandary : " Send the man the e-mail you sent me about lying to him and ask him to call you when he gets it ... and see what you learn . "
Show him the e-mail ?
Are you kidding ?
What a hardcore bastard .
In his book , Radical Honesty , Blanton advises us to start sentences with the words " I resent you for " or " I appreciate you for . "
So I write him back .
" I resent you for being so different in these e-mails than you were when we met .
You were friendly and engaging and encouraging when we met .
Now you seem to have turned judgmental and tough .
I resent you for giving me the advice to break that old man 's heart by telling him that his poems suck . "
Blanton responds quickly .
First , he does n't like that I expressed my resentment by e-mail .
I should have come to see him .
" What you do n't seem to get yet , A.J. , is that the reason for expressing resentment directly and in person is so that you can experience in your body the sensations that occur when you express the resentment , while at the same time being in the presence of the person you resent , and so you can stay with them until the sensations arise and recede and then get back to neutral -- which is what forgiveness is . "
Second , he tells me that telling the old man the truth would be compassionate , showing the " authentic caring underneath your usual intellectual bullshit and overvaluing of your critical judgment .
Your lie is not useful to him .
In fact , it is simply avoiding your responsibility as one human being to another .
That 's okay .
It happens all the time .
It is not a mortal sin .
But do n't bullshit yourself about it being kind . "
He ends with this : " I do n't want to spend a lot of time explaining things to you for your cute little project of playing with telling the truth if you do n't have the balls to try it . "
Condescending prick .
I know my e-mail to the old man was wrong .
I should n't have been so rah - rah effusive .
But here , I 've hit the outer limit of Radical Honesty , a hard wall .
I can't trash the old man .
I try to understand Blanton 's point about compassion .
To most of us , honesty often means cruelty .
But to Blanton , honesty and compassion are the ones in sync .
It 's an intriguing way to look at the world , but I just do n't buy it in the case of the widower poet .
Screw Blanton .
( By the way : I broke Radical Honesty and changed the identifying details of the old - man story so as not to humiliate him .
Also , I 've messed a bit with the timeline of events to simplify things .
Sorry . )
To compensate for my wimpiness , I decide to toughen up .
Which is probably the exact wrong thing to do .
Today , I 'm getting a haircut , and my barber is telling me he does n't want his wife to get pregnant because she 'll get too fat ( a bit of radical honesty of his own ) , and I say , " You know , I 'm tired .
I have a cold .
I do n't want to talk anymore .
I want to read . "
" Okay , " he says , wielding his scissors , " go ahead and read . "
Later , I do the same thing with my in - laws when they 're yapping on about preschools .
" I 'm bored , " I announce .
" I 'll be back later . "
And with that , I leave the living room .
I tell Blanton , hoping for his approval .
Did anything come of it ?
he asks .
Any discussions and insights ?
Hmmm .
He 's right .
If you 're going to be a schmuck , at least you should find some redeeming quality in it .
Blanton 's a master of this .
One of his tricks is to say things with such glee and enthusiasm , it 's hard to get too pissed .
" You may be a petty asshole , " he says , " but at least you 're not a secret petty asshole . "
Then he 'll laugh .
I have yet to learn that trick myself .
Consider how I handled this scene at a diner a couple of blocks from my apartment .
" Everything okay ? " asked our server , an Asian man with tattoos .
" Yeah , except for the coffee .
I always have to order espresso here , because the espresso tastes like regular coffee .
The regular coffee here is terrible .
Ca n't you guys make stronger coffee ? "
The waiter said no and walked away .
My friend looked at me .
" I 'm embarrassed for you , " he said .
" And I 'm embarrassed to be around you . "
" I know .
Me , too . "
I felt like a Hollywood producer who parks in handicapped spots .
I ask Blanton what I should have done .
My Ari Gold moment Warner Brothers
" You should have said , ' This coffee tastes like shit ! ' " he says , cackling .
I will say this :
One of the best parts of Radical Honesty is that I 'm saving a whole lot of time .
It 's a cut - to - the - chase way to live .
At work , I 've been waiting for my boss to reply to a memo for ten days .
So I write him : " I 'm annoyed that you did n't respond to our memo earlier .
But at the same time , I 'm relieved , because then if we do n't nail one of the things you want , we can blame any delays on your lack of response . "
Pressing send makes me nervous -- but the e-mail works .
My boss responds : " I will endeavor to respond by tomorrow .
Been gone from N.Y. for two weeks . "
It is borderline apologetic .
I can push my power with my boss further than I thought .
Later , a friend of a friend wants to meet for a meal .
I tell him I do n't like leaving my house .
" I agree to meet some people for lunch because I fear hurting their feelings if I do n't .
And in this terrifying age where everyone has a blog , I do n't want to offend people , because then they 'd write on their blogs what an asshole I am , and it would turn up in every Google search for the rest of my life . "
He writes back : " Normally , I do n't really like meeting editors anyway .
Makes me ill to think about it , because I 'm afraid of coming off like the idiot that , deep down , I suspect I am . "
That 's one thing I 've noticed :
When I am radically honest , people become radically honest themselves .
I feel my resentment fade away .
I like this guy .
We have a good meeting .
When I am radically honest , people become radically honest themselves
In fact , all my relationships can take a whole lot more truth than I expected .
Consider this one :
For years , I 've had a chronic problem where I refer to my wife , Julie , by my sister 's name , Beryl .
I always catch myself midway through and pretend it did n't happen .
I 've never confessed to Julie .
Why should I ?
It either means that I 'm sexually attracted to my sister , which is not good .
Or that I think of my wife as my sister , also not good .
But today , in the kitchen , when I have my standard mental sister - wife mix - up , I decide to tell Julie about it .
" That 's strange , " she says .
We talk about it .
I feel unburdened , closer to my wife now that we share this quirky , slightly disturbing knowledge .
I realize that by keeping it secret , I had given it way too much weight .
I hope she feels the same way .
I call up Blanton one last time , to get his honest opinion about how I 've done .
" I 'm finishing my experiment , " I say .
" You going to start lying again ? " he asks .
" Hell yeah . "
" Oh , shit .
It did n't work . "
" But I 'm going to lie less than I did before . "
I tell him about my confession to Julie that I sometimes want to call her Beryl .
" No big deal , " says Blanton .
" People in other cultures have sex with their sisters all the time . "
I bring up the episode about telling the editor from Rachael Ray 's magazine that I tried to look down her shirt , but he sounds disappointed .
" Did you tell your wife ? " he asks .
" That 's the good part . "
Finally , I describe to him how I told Julie that I did n't care to hear the end of her story about fixing her computer .
Blanton asks how she responded .
" She said , ' Fuck you . ' "
" That 's good ! " Blanton says .
" I like that .
That 's communicating . "
Esquire Editor - at - Large A.J. Jacobs is the author of A Year of Living Biblically : One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible , published by Simon & Schuster .
Published in the July 2007 issue
Bare Homepage
Nothing to see here yet , I just grabbed a bootstrap template
I was at SeaWorld San Diego on the 20th Feb 08 and attended the Shamu Killer Whale " Believe " show .
During this show , Shamu lived up to his Killer Whale name .
During the show a Pelican landed on the water .
This proved to be a big mistake for this unfortunate bird .
To capture this video I guess I was in the right place at the right time ... I wish I could say the same for the Pelican .
Suddenly out of nowhere one of the whales lunged at it from underneath the water , caught it in it 's jaws , and dragged the bird under the water , thus drowning it .
The other whales in the pool , with the exception of the whale that was at the front of the pool with a girl from the audience , all disappeared under the water ignoring their trainers .
You can clearly see the trainer in the forground use the intercom to tell the others to get the Pelican off the water or to distract the whales from going near it .
Obviously this did n't work .
As the whale gets the Pelican , you can see the trainer in the foreground put his hands to his head and yell at the trainers on the main stage .
He then pushes the girl from the audience back away from the water and clear of any danger .
At this point the show 's music was still blaring out of the speakers , but it was obvious to the audience the show had not gone as planned .
Some of the trainers tried to continue on as if nothing had happened and continued the dance moves .
Meanwhile the whales still had n't surfaced and had their catch at the bottom of the pool .
Eventually one whale did surface , as did the limp body of the pelican .
The whales then pushed it around the surface for a while and then tore it apart in front of the audience .
Eventually the trainers got back the attention of the whales and managed to lure them backstage to the holding pen , leaving bits of pelican floating around in the pool .
Once the trainers had the whales securely locked up , they then went about retrieving the Pelican parts from the pool .
Since the show had been cut short , the bewildered audience responded with clapping and cheering as each part of the Pelican was retrieved from the pool .
Upon leaving the pool and entering the back stage viewing area , I was amazed to see the behaviour of one of the whales who was regurgitating either parts of the recently killed pelican , or maybe it was fish , and it was feeding them to a group of birds near the pool .
It almost seemed like it was trying to lure the birds closer and grab one of them .
The trainers witnessed this too , and given what had just happened during the show , they distracted the whales from this area and held them at the other end of the pool until the audience had left the area .
Disclaimer - found at youtube by one of my friends that works with Orcas not my description or video .--- I guess what the audience witnessed during this show is that even though these animals appear to be domesticated in captivity , they are still wild animals and their " Killer Whale " instincts are still in tact .
Having witnessed what I did , there is no way I 'd get in the pool with them .
Youtube will only let me upload 10 minutes of this footage but I have heaps more .
Unfortunately the video as presented here on Youtube is very grainy .
The origanal footage is much clearer as it was shot in High Definition and in 16:9 Wide Screen .
Asexuals Push for Greater Recognition
Those with no interest in sex push for greater awareness of their orientation .
Jan. 16 , 2009  --
In a society obsessed with sex , David Jay wants no part of it .
Jay , a 26 - year - old graduate student at the Presidio School of Management in San Francisco , acknowledges that his lack of interest in sex may seem unusual to many who view intercourse as the epitome of intimacy .
But research suggests that about 1 percent of the population may share Jay 's view on sex .
And he said that for many of these people , coming to terms with their feelings about sex can be a major challenge .
" When I was younger , the message I would always hear is that you need sex to be happy , " he said .
" I realized probably around the age of 14 or 15 that all of my friends were actively talking about sex .
I just could n't relate to it ; I had no interest at all . "
Jay said that it took him about four years of struggling to adjust to the fact that he simply did not view sex in the same way as most other people .
" It was really scary , really frightening , " Jay said .
" I think that throughout the asexual community , there are a lot of people who really start in that place of being isolated and confused . "
Jay says it 's his choice not to engage in sex .
To be sure , there are millions of other people who have no interest in sex or are unable to perform sexually who are not at all happy to be members of this club .
For them , a variety of psychiatric and medical procedures are available .
But asexuals like Jay are perfectly happy to take a pass on sex .
Today , Jay is one of the most prominent voices in the asexuality community .
In 2001 , he started the Asexual Visibility and Education Network ( AVEN ) with the aim of providing a community for people who identify themselves as asexual .
And he said that while one of the primary aims of the group is to foster a greater general understanding of asexuality , this does not mean that there should be less talk about sex .
In fact , he believes more such talk is needed .
" The problem is not that there is too much discussion about sex ; 99 percent of the world really , really likes sex , so it is something that should be talked about openly and honestly , " Jay said .
" But we need to have more discussion about how people can not have sex and still be happy . "
Recently , Jay and others within AVEN began lobbying for greater understanding of asexuality among the psychological community as well .
Their message is simple : they want increased recognition of asexuality among psychological professionals -- while ensuring that it is seen as a legitimate sexual orientation rather than diagnosed as a mental illness .
The group 's current goal is to foster greater understanding among the architects of the new version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) , which is scheduled for release in 2012 .
The DSM , which is published by the American Psychiatric Association , provides diagnostic criteria for mental disorders .
Asexuality researcher Lori Brotto , assistant professor in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of British Columbia , is one of the medical experts working with AVEN toward this goal .
And she said it is little surprise that this confusion exists -- not only in the clinical realm , but among the general public as well .
" Because asexuality is a relatively new phenomenon that has been described -- not that it has n't existed for many , many centuries -- people do n't understand what it is , " Brotto said .
" Because most people can identify with the feeling of sexual attraction , the notion that someone would not have sexual attraction toward anyone seems bizarre . "
The ' Missing ' Sexual Orientation
Hints of the existence of asexuality have appeared in the scientific literature since the 1940s .
But it was not until more than a half century later that Anthony Bogaert , professor and chair of the department of community health sciences at Brock University in Ontario , Canada , took a closer look at those who professed to have no sexual attraction whatsoever to either men or women .
Bogaert 's 2004 study is viewed by some as the first solid toehold for asexuality in the spectrum of sexual orientation -- a group which until recently had been comprised only of three categories : heterosexuality , homosexuality and bisexuality .
In it , Bogaert looked at data from a survey of more than 18,000 British residents and examined their answers on a particular question on sexual attraction to others .
While five of the possible answers to the question focused on varying levels of attraction to males or females , the sixth answer that respondents could choose read " I have never felt sexually attracted to anyone at all . "
" About 1 percent of individuals reported having no sexual attraction to anyone at all , " he said .
" This was the missing fourth category of sexual orientation . "
What followed this finding was much discussion over whether asexuality should be seen as a distinct sexual orientation or treated as a pathological condition -- a debate that largely persists until today .
Prior to this research , and even until today , asexual tendencies were generally assumed to be a sign of hypoactive sexual desire disorder ( HSDD ) -- in other words , a low sex drive .
It is a distinction with which the psychological community still wrestles .
" It is very hard to distinguish between asexuality and insufficient capability for desire or arousal or both , " said Pepper Schwartz , professor of sociology at the University of Washington in Seattle .
" Perhaps the difference is how the person -- or their partner -- feels about it .
The literature is certainly inadequate for differentiation between the two . "
An Intimate Relationship -- Without the Sex
Bogaert said that a lack of widespread understanding about asexuality means that many of these individuals face many challenges -- particularly in a society that seems fixated on sex .
" A big part of our media and culture expects people to have romantic / sexual relationships with others , " he said .
" The norm is for someone to form romantic sexual relationships with other people . "
This norm , Bogaert noted , often poses problems for asexuals , who may be interested in romance and intimacy , but not in sex .
" [ Asexuals ] may want to pair - bond with another individual , and most likely they will be pair - bonding with someone who 's sexual , " he said .
" So then you often have pressure placed on the asexual person to have sex within the relationship , even if he or she really does n't want to have sex . "
Eli Coleman , professor and director of the program in human sexuality at the University of Minnesota Medical School , said that this clash of expectations could lead to serious relationship stress .
" The biggest challenge would be the pressure to become sexual , " Coleman said .
" Asexuality has been assumed to be abnormal .
Sexual drive is a basic and fundamental appetitive drive and would be the expected norm . "
Jay agreed that the subject of relationships is complex when asexuality enters the picture .
" I think it 's a very tricky issue , " said Jay , who has himself never had sex but has been in relationships in which he engaged in a certain degree of sexual activity .
" There are plenty of people in the asexual community who have relationships with sexual people and have those relationships work , " he said .
" The sense that I have is that if sex is something that one person in the relationship wants , that 's one thing .
If that is the only way that they can communicate intimacy , then that 's another issue . "
Another option , of course , is for those who are asexual to form relationships with each other .
Jay said that there is an emerging asexual dating scene , and some online dating services geared toward asexuals have appeared .
What is an asexual relationship like ?
Jay likened it to an intimate partnering of " very , very close best friends . "
Pushing for a Change
Advocates say there is much to be gained from a greater awareness within the psychological community of asexuality , particularly when it comes to ensuring that the DSM does not treat asexuality as a disorder that must be treated .
" The fear is that with a new definition , asexuality would somehow make its way into the DSM and be considered a psychological illness , " Brotto said .
For something to be considered a psychological illness , Brotto said , " a person needs to be distressed or bothered by the condition .
Asexual people are not .
Their only distress is distress over the idea that they will not be accepted by society . "
" This is certainly not a sexual dysfunction , and it is certainly not a mental disorder . "
But not all psychologists agree .
" Given that I believe our sexuality is a great emotional and physical asset , it is hard for me to think asexuality is appropriate to declassify , " Schwartz said .
" On the other hand , we certainly do not want to oppress someone who is happily asexual and does not have a deprived partner . "
Still , Jay said that he believes AVEN is making significant progress with those behind the DSM .
And he said that he is hopeful that greater understanding among the public in general will follow .
" The take - home point should really be a question they ask themselves , " he said .
" That question is : Why does sex matter so much ? "
Ex-agent : Feinstein was wrong , CIA needs an ' adult in charge ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday January 7 , 2009
Print This Email This
When word came out that Barack Obama intends to nominate former Clinton chief of staff Leon Panetta to head the CIA , incoming Senate Intelligence Committee Chair Diane Feinstein was not only miffed that she had not been consulted but also fretted that " I believe the agency is best - served by having an intelligence professional in charge at this time . "
Former CIA officer and Time columnist Bob Baer sharply disagrees .
He told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow on Tuesday , " She 's wrong .
We need an adult in charge . "
" We need somebody with political influence in Washington , a player , an advocate for the CIA , " Baer explained .
" We had George Tenet all these years .
He was essentially a staffer and went along with the torture , went along with the WMD -- the false reporting on that .
We need a player , a former cabinet member who can deal with the president .
He 's a good pick . "
On Wednesday , after meeting with Panetta Tuesday night , Feinstein said she had changed her mind and would now support Obama 's selection , according to the Associated Press .
Baer wrote in his Time column on Tuesday , " Leon Panetta may not have an intelligence background , but his appointment as CIA director shows that Barack Obama understands the CIA 's problems .
... Panetta is experienced enough to understand that the CIA was the victim of political manipulation under the Bush Administration . "
Baer told Maddow that in referring to the " CIA 's problems , " he meant not only that " it has to get through the investigations ... of renditions , of torture , of secret prisons , " but also that " the place is flooded with contractors .
It 's completely politicized , demoralized .
It needs a spokesman in this administration . "
" He can go into the Oval Office , put his legs up on the desk , and say , " Mr. President , we can't do it this way , ' " Baer said of Panetta .
" A professional could never do that .
And number two is he can stand up to Hillary Clinton ... and stand up to Bob Gates at the Pentagon . "
Some observers , including Maddow , have suggested that Obama 's pick of Panetta , together with his failure to consult with either Feinstein or outgoing Senate Intelligence Committee Chair Jay Rockefeller , was a deliberate rebuke to their failure to exercise meaningful oversight during the Bush administration .
Scott Horton , for example , writes , " The bottom line is that Jay Rockefeller was an abject failure when it came to intelligence oversight .
His term as ranking member and then chair of the Senate intelligence committee was one in which Congress generally , and the Senate in particular , failed to live up to their Constitutional mandate .
...
The Rockefeller - Feinstein record was little short of disastrous .
Im delighted that the Obama team didnt consult them . "
Baer agrees with these assessments .
" We always used to say in the CIA , ' Treat them like mushrooms .
Keep them in the dark and feed them manure , ' " he told Maddow .
" And the Senate and the House have been happy in that role . "
" Everybody in the CIA knows that torture does not work , " Baer concluded .
" It 's a political tool , it 's not a tool to get information .
Now where was the Senate and the House through all of this ? "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Jan. 6 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
We here at Destructoid really care .
Since we knew our announcement of Game of the Year for 2008 was going to be so important , we decided to make sure everyone in the world could fully enjoy the excitement .
Therefore , for the blind people , we created the above video full of delicious audio for your extra sensitive ears .
And for our deaf friends , you can hit the jump for the big reveal and treat your super - powered eyes to a glorious dance of text .
Oh , wait , how will the blind people read this and know to play the video ?
Crap .
Eh , well , blind people do n’t care about videogames anyway .
Out of yesterday ’s final six nominees , which game took the prize ?
Watch the video or hit the jump to find out .
Or , even better , DO BOTH !
Last year BioShock took the coveted crown of Destructoid Game of the Year .
What game will join its ranks and take the title this year ?
By reading your comments in yesterday ’s list of the finalists , it seems everyone has different opinions about what game is the best of the best .
Some people screamed for Braid and Castle Crashers , pointing to them as forerunners of this past year ’s downloadable uprising .
Others felt Fallout 3 offered the most ambitious role - playing experience of the year , while some preferred the retro feel of Lost Odyssey .
And there was plenty of justified arguing that the multiplayer revolution that is Left 4 Dead and the epic , jaw - dropping presentation of Metal Gear Solid 4 were unrivaled this past gaming year .
But which game won ?
Drum roll , please .
Thank you for the envelope , random hot girl that is standing next to me in a luxurious , sequined ball gown .
The nominees for Destructoid Game of the Year 2008 are :
Braid
Castle Crashers
Fallout 3
Left 4 Dead
Lost Odyssey
Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots
And the winner is ...
* ripping envelope *
LEFT 4 DEAD !
Besides videogames of course , one thing most gamers have in coming is their love of zombies .
From Shaun of the Dead to Dead Rising , adding zombies to anything -- even something completely random -- usually makes it that much more awesome .
Think about it : imagine adding zombies to a movie like Out of Africa .
Awesome !
How about throwing a few flesh - eaters on Wisteria Lane to terrorize the Desperate Housewives ?
MORE AWESOME !
What makes Left 4
Dead so amazing , though , is the zombies are only icing on the already incredible cake .
Valve ’s multiplayer masterpiece truly is a revolution in videogames .
In fact , some of the editors here feel it created its own genre , sort of a hybrid between a perfectly paced single - player campaign and an almost flawless , unique co-op experience .
But do n’t just take my word it – here is what some of the other Destructoid editors had to say :
Colette Bennett : Left 4
Dead was one of the few multiplayer experiences this year that actually got me to crawl out of my solo gamer cave and play with friends .
Well , that and I never stopped being spooked by the sound of The Witch .
Samit Sarkar :
There 's a reason I 've been " hating on " Valve for not bringing Left 4 Dead to the PS3 -- I 'm supremely jealous of people who own 360s and gaming PCs .
I 've only played a few rounds of L4D , but the little time I spent with it made me want it even more than when I was just reading up on it prior to its release .
Get on it , Valve / EA !
Brad Rice : I repeatedly punch Necros for buying the survival edition of Fallout 3 instead of putting that extra $ 50 towards getting Left 4 Dead .
That 's about all I can say .
Anthony Burch : Left 4
Dead is the not only the best zombie game ever made , but the best game in a genre it itself invented .
I 've never before seen the pacing and structure of a ( remarkably intense ) single - player game jammed into a multiplayer experience , but Left 4 Dead has convinced me that we should be seeing a hell of a lot more hybridized gameplay like this in the horizon .
The multiplayer 's pretty unbalanced and we 're still waiting on more maps , but hell if Left 4 Dead is n't a must - buy nonetheless .
Jordan “ Grim ” Devore :
What I love most about Left 4 Dead is how it 's got such a small amount of content ( almost all of which is fantastic ) , yet the game 's replayability is on par with that of an arcade classic .
By creating a formula that makes slight changes to what you as the player see in - game and completely socializing the zombie apocalypse scenario , Valve has made an unforgettable co-op experience and one of the best multiplayer titles I have had the opportunity of playing .
So , there you have it : Left 4 Dead is our pick for Destructoid Game of the Year 2008 .
Please know that it was a tight race this year and any of the other nominees could have easily won .
This year was just that good .
All in all , 2008 was an amazing year to be a gamer .
Left 4
Dead is an instant classic that completely deserves all of the accolades it is receiving .
Congratulations , Left 4 Dead .
Do n’t get too drunk tonight celebrating ; we all want to play you tomorrow .
Previous Destructoid Game of the Year Winners
An international team of scientists has presented the first - ever evaluation of the impact of the 1816 eruption of the Tambora volcano in Indonesia on the Iberian Peninsula .
Historical documents and observations by Spanish and Portuguese stations have shown that emissions of gas and particulates from the volcano limited the effect of solar radiation in Spain , where temperatures that summer did not rise above 15ºC .
The Tambora volcano in Indonesia erupted in April 1815 , but North America and Europe did not notice its effects until months later .
In 1816 , known as " the year without a summer " , gases , ashes and dust arrived over the Iberian Peninsular and reached the stratosphere , where they remained long enough to create " an enormous sun filter " .
These are the findings of a study by an international team , with Spanish participation , which have been published in the latest issue of the Journal of Climatology .
The researchers have studied , for the first time , the impact of this atmospheric phenomenon on agricultural production in the Iberian Peninsula in 1816 and 1817 , and have evaluated and compared the climate in the area with that in 1871 - 1900 , before it started to be affected by climate change .
" The year 1816 was characterised by great anomalies , especially in the summer , which was much colder and wetter than usual .
In Madrid , temperatures were below 15 ºC in July and August , and that Autumn the Catalan peaks of Montserrat and Montseny were covered with snow and the Llobregat river froze over , " Ricardo García Herrera , one of the authors of the study and a researcher at the Complutense University of Madrid ( UCM ) , tells SINC .
Baron Maldá 's diary
The study includes information from the first instrumental observations carried out on the Peninsula by scientists in Lisbon , Madrid , Barcelona and San Fernando de Cádiz .
" It also brings together Spanish and Portuguese documentary sources , such as private diaries ( for example that of Baron Maldá of Barcelona ) , which provide qualitative information about the weather , and religious documents including weather - related prayers , " adds García Herrera .
advertisement
Baron Maldá wrote in his diary that the unusual temperatures in the summer of 1816 could have been related to a " great snowfall " in the centre of Spain on July 16 .
He also pointed out that it " was snowing considerably " in the Pyrenees and the north of Europe .
According to the scientists , this information coincides with the low temperatures of 13.1 º recorded that day in Madrid .
The apparent snowfall mentioned by the Baron may in fact have been a hail storm .
A bad year for harvests
The eruption of the Tambora volcano was probably " the greatest recorded eruption in historical times " according to the researcher .
This is demonstrated by its explosivity index ( a measurement of the size of the eruption ) , which , at 7 , " was greater than any other more recent eruption , including that of Mt. Pinatubo in the Philippines " , the expert tells SINC .
The consequences of the eruption were noticed not only on the climate , but above all on agriculture .
" The low temperatures meant that many crops did not ripen , or if they did their yield was very little and very late , " says García Herrera .
The decade from 1811 to 1820 was marked by serious socioeconomic impacts resulting from this poor agricultural production , with malnutrition and the increase of epidemics in Europe and Mediterranean countries .
Low temperatures , freezing temperatures in Spring and heavy precipitation between 1816 and 1817 affected the growth of many crops very badly .
The cold and wet summer led to fruits being of poor quality , as well as vines and cereals ripening very slowly , which impacted on harvests .
The climatic anomalies were more consistent in Lisbon and Cadiz , showing that the phenomenon in the Iberian Peninsula was not the same as in central Europe .
In addition to the UCM , the University of Extremadura , the University of Barcelona , the University of Lisbon ( Portugal ) , the Lusophone University ( Portugal ) , the Gabriel Pereira de Évora Secondary School ( Portugal ) , and the University of Berne ( Switzerland ) also took part in the study .
How the TIScript language is different from its prototype - JavaScript
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Introduction
As a language , TIScript is an extended version of ECMAScript ( JavaScript 1.X ) .
You could think of it as JavaScript ++ , if you wish .
The design of TIScript was based on the analysis of practical JavaScript use cases .
In some areas , it simplifies and harmonizes JavaScript features .
For example , the prototype mechanism was simplified .
In other cases , it extends JavaScript , while preserving the original " look - and - feel " of JS .
The TIScript Engine consists of :
compiler that produces byte code
virtual machine ( VM ) that executes this byte code
heap manager that uses a copying garbage collector ( GC )
runtime which is an implementation of native object classes
Sources of the TIScript Engine are available at TIScript on GoogleCode repository .
This article describes the major features of TIScript that do not exist or differ from JavaScript .
You should be familiar with at least the basics of JavaScript , or any other dynamic language , such as Python , Perl , Lua , Ruby , etc .
Namespaces
Namespaces are declared by using the namespace keyword .
They can contain classes , functions , variables , and constants :
namespace MyNamespace { var nsVar = 1 ; function Foo( ) { nsVar = 2 ; } } MyNamespace .Foo ( ) ;
JavaScript does not support namespaces .
You can emulate them by using objects , but that is just an emulation indeed .
Namespaces in TIScript are simply named scopes .
For example , while handling the assignment to something that looks like a global variable , the TIScript runtime first makes an attempt to find that variable in the current namespace chain this function belongs to .
Classes , Constructors , and Properties
TIScript introduces real classes .
A class is declared by the class keyword , and may contain functions , property - functions , variables , constants , and other classes :
class Bar { function this ( ) { this ._one = 1 ; } function foo ( p1 ) { this ._one = p1 ; } property one ( v ) { get { return this ._one ; } set { this ._one = v ; } } }
Note the property function above .
This is a special kind of function , used for declaring computable properties .
Properties wrapped in such functions are accessible normally :
var bar = new Bar( ) ; bar.one = 2 ;
There are situations when a set of properties is unknown at design time .
TIScript allows you to implement accessors for such properties via the property undefined ( ) method :
class Recordset { function getFieldValue( idx ) { ... } function getField Idx ( byName ) { ... } property undefined ( name , val ) { get { var field Idx = this .getFieldIdx ( name ) ; return this .getFieldValue( fieldIdx ) ; } } }
This property handler can be used as follows :
var rs = DB.exec ( " SELECT one , two FROM sometable " ) ; var one = rs.one ;
TIScript introduces a lightweight syntax for defining anonymous ( lambda ) functions .
This makes for a total of three ways of declaring anonymous functions in TIScript :
' :' [ param - list ] ' :' < statement > ; ' :' [ param - list ] ' {' < statement - list > ' } ' ' function (' [ param - list ] ' ) ' ' {' < statement - list > ' }'
Single statement lambda function :
Lambda function block :
Classic anonymous function :
Here is an example of how you would sort an array in descending order by using a comparator function that is defined in - place :
var arr = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; arr.sort ( :a , b : a < b? 1 :-1 ) ;
Here , :a , b : a < b? 1:- 1 is an inplace declaration of a lambda function that will be passed to the Array. sort ( ) method .
Decorators
Decorators are a sort of meta- programming feature that was borrowed from the Python language .
In TIScript , a decorator is an ordinary function .
Its name must start with the ' @ ' character , and it must have at least one parameter .
That parameter ( the first one ) is a reference to some other function ( or class ) that is being decorated .
Here is an example of a decorator function declaration :
function @ KEY ( func , keyCode ) { function t( event ) { if ( event.keyCode == keyCode ) func ( ) ; if ( t.next ) t.next.call ( this , event ) ; } t.next = this .onKey ; this .onKey = t ; }
If we have something like this in place , then we can define code blocks that will be activated on different keys pressed on the widget :
class MyWidget : Widget { @ KEY ' A ' : { this .doSelectAll ( ) ; } @KEY ' B ' : { this .doSomethingWhenB( ) ; } }
Here , the two @KEY entries decorate two anonymous functions ( see the previous section ) .
The code above assumes that there is a < codejscript > class < code >
Widget defined somewhere with the callback method on Key ( event ) .
Decorators is an advanced feature , and may require some effort to understand .
When established , decorators may significantly increase the expressiveness of your code .
More detail about decorators can be found here and here .
Iterators
JavaScript ( and so TIScript ) has a pretty handy for - each statement : for ( var item in collection ) {..} , where the collection is an instance of an object or an array .
In TIScript , a list of enumerable objects is extended by function instances .
Thus , the statement for ( var item in func ) will call the func and execute the body of the loop with its value on each iteration .
Example , this function :
function range ( from , to ) { var idx = from - 1 ; return function ( ) { if ( ++idx <= to ) return idx ; } }
will generate consecutive numbers in the range [ from ..to ] .
So if you will write something like this :
for ( var item in range ( 12 , 24 ) ) stdout << item << " " ;
then you will get numbers from 12 to 24 , printed one by one in stdout .
Here is another example of a class - collection that allows to enumerate its members in two directions :
class Fruits { function this ( ) { this ._data = [ " apple " , " orange " , " lime " , " lemon " , " pear " , " banan " , " kiwi " , " pineapple " ] ; } property forward ( v ) { get { var items = this ._data ; var idx = - 1 ; return function ( ) { if ( ++idx < items.length ) return items[idx ] ; } } } property backward ( v ) { get { var items = this ._data ; var idx = items.
length ; return function ( ) { if ( -- idx >= 0 ) return items[idx ] ; } } } }
As you may see , the class above has two properties that return iterators allowing to scan the collection in both directions :
var fruits = new Fruits ( ) ; stdout << " Fruits :
" ; for ( var item in fruits .
forward ) stdout << item << "
" ; stdout << " Fruits in opposite direction :
" ; for ( var item in fruits .
backward ) stdout << item << "
" ;
People from Mozilla introduced their version of Iterators in Spider Monkey that was , I believe , borrowed " as is " from Python .
I think that my version of iterators better suits the JavaScript spirit .
At least , it does not introduce new entities and classes .
The Prototype Property
Compared with JavaScript , the prototyping mechanism has been simplified in TIScript .
Each object in TIScript has a property named prototype .
The prototype of an object is a reference to its class , which is also simply an object .
The prototype of a class is a reference to its superclass .
Similarly , the prototype of a namespace ( which is an object , like anything else ) is a reference to its parent namespace .
For example , all these statements evaluate to true :
" somestring " . prototype === String ; { some : " object " , literal : true }.prototype === Object ;
And for user defined classes :
class Foo { ... } var foo = new Foo( ) ; foo. prototype === Foo ;
Type System
The number type of JavaScript unifies integer and float numbers into one .
In TIScript , it 's split into two distinct classes : Integer and Float , as they really represent two distinct entities .
TIScript also introduces a number of new types :
Stream is a sequence of characters or bytes .
The TIScript runtime supports three types of streams : in -memory ( a.k.a.
String stream ) , socket stream , and file stream .
In - memory stream s are an effective way of generating text .
They are introduced for the same purposes as the StringBuffer / StringBuilder classes in the " big Java " .
An instance of the Bytes object is an array of bytes .
These two classes make up the core of the TIScript built - in persistence .
A TIScript object ( and all objects it refers to ) can be made persistent by assigning it to the storage .root property .
The whole tree of objects is transparently placed in a storage file on the hard drive .
Essentially , this is an Object Oriented Database ( OODB ) .
I call this JSON - DB , as only a JSON subset of JS objects can be persistent .
For example , the socket stream is not persistent by nature .
Almost all dynamic languages have a concept of atoms in one form or another .
TIScript has them too .
Stream
Bytes
Storage and Index
and Symbol ( also known as Atom )
Symbols
A name of an object is a string of allowed characters .
A symbol is a number associated with the name .
TIScript maintains a global map of such name <-> int pairs ( implemented internally as a ternary search tree ) .
At compile time , each name gets translated into an Int32 number - its symbol .
In some cases , you may want to declare symbols explicitly .
In this case , symbol literals come in handy .
The symbol literal is a sequence of characters that starts with the ' # ' character .
It can contain alpha-numeric characters , underscores ( ' _ ' ) , and dashes ( ' - ' ) .
Dashes are used in symbols for compatibility with CSS ( Cascading Style Sheets ) , where they are parts of name tokens .
Example of symbol use :
function ChangeMode ( mode ) { if ( mode == #edit ) this .readOnly = false ; else if ( mode == # read - only ) this .readOnly = true ; else throw mode .
toString ( ) + " - bad symbol ! " ; }
As you can see , symbols may be used as self descriptive , convenient , and effective auto- enum values .
Another feature that makes symbols quite useful is the access - by - symbol notation .
Constructions like :
var aa = obj#name ; obj#name = val ;
get translated into :
var aa = obj [ #name ] ; obj [ #name ] = val
statements .
Not too much , but will make code a bit more readable .
This is often used in Sciter , which is an embeddable HTML / CSS / Scripting engine .
For example , to access style ( CSS ) attributes of DOM elements :
var elem = self.select ( " # some " ) ; elem.style#display = " block " ; elem.style#border-left-width = px ( 1 ) ; elem.style#border - right - width = px ( 2 ) ; ...
Conclusion
This concludes a brief overview of TIScript .
In the next article , I will explain how to embed the TIScript engine into your application .
This article was written in a Sciter 's WYSIWYG HTML editor - Scapp ( short for Sciter application ) .
Therefore , the TIScript VM was running to help write it :
Crude prices slide on poor US jobs , large inventories
AFP
Oil futures slumped under US $ 40 a barrel on Friday at the end of a tough week for the commodity , as a weakening US economy hit demand causing energy inventories to pile up .
Unemployment in the US — the world ’s biggest economy and a major consumer of commodities — surged last month to 7.6 percent , the highest since 1992 , as 598,000 jobs were cut , the Labor Department reported on Friday .
The number of job losses for the recession - hobbled economy was the worst since 1974 , according to the monthly report on nonfarm payrolls , seen as one of the best indicators of economic momentum .
The department also revised up its estimate of December job losses to 577,000 from 524,000 .
“ Overall , another awful payrolls report and , with initial jobless claims still edging higher , February could be even worse , ” Capital Economics ’ US specialist Paul Ashworth said .
The market was rocked this week by heightened concerns that the US — the world ’s biggest energy consuming nation — will slash energy demand to cope with a dramatic downturn , analysts said .
The price of New York ’s light sweet crude oil tumbled as low as US $ 38.60 a barrel on Friday after the latest bad news from across the Atlantic .
“ Crude oil fell on concern that fuel demand in the US ... may decline , as a report showed the number of newly jobless climbed , ” BetOnMarkets analyst Dave Evans said .
The market was also dragged lower this week by news of rising American crude inventories .
US government data showed on Wednesday that crude stockpiles had soared by 7.2 million barrels last week , more than double the 2.9 million barrels forecast by analysts .
It was the fifth consecutive week of gains , and the sharp rise underlined slack demand amid the global financial crisis that has brought the world economy to a near - halt .
OPEC signaled last week that it would consider more reductions in output as its member countries try to lift prices and in turn their incomes .
OPEC , which pumps about 40 percent of the world ’s oil , announced production cuts totalling 4.2 million barrels per day late last year .
The cartel is to meet again next month .
After plunging from record highs above US $ 147 last July , oil prices touched multi-year lows in December , at one point nearing US $ 32 a barrel .
By Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange , light sweet crude for delivery in March tanked to US $ 39.54 a barrel from US $ 41.74 a week earlier .
On London ’s InterContinental Exchange , Brent North Sea crude for March sank to US $ 45.23 a barrel from US $ 46.00 a barrel .
WASHINGTON --
The Food and Drug Administration has restricted the entry of all food products from China containing milk after inspectors found evidence of melamine contamination , which has sickened tens of thousands of Chinese infants and caused at least four deaths .
The FDA directive requires importers to prove their food and drink shipments do n't contain the industrial chemical melamine before they can be released to U.S. markets .
The order may affect a big chunk of China 's $ 3.8 billion in annual food and beverage exports ...
China 's recent ban on reincarnation without government permission " “ " an important move to institutionalize management of reincarnation " " “ inspired our research editor extraordinaire Kara Kovalchik to dig up more examples of bizarre legislation on the books .
To prevent the smuggling of cattle into Bangladesh , Border Security Guards are issuing mandatory ID cards to cattle owners .
The BBC explains : " Valid for two years , each laminated cattle ID card displays the picture of the animal and its owner .
It also carries vital information about the animal , such as its color , height , sex and length of horns , the owner 's name and address and sometimes other details about the animal " “ like one ' horn missing ' or ' half tail lost . ' "
This has not been easy on the cattle owners .
" I spent two whole days to get their pictures in a studio , " Farid Hussain told the Toronto Star .
" One of my cows damaged the lighting system of the studio and I had to pay 800 rupees " “ half of my month 's income " “ in damages . "
Thou shall not kill .
But if thou does , thou shall not have any unfair advantage .
" A person is guilty of a crime if he uses or wears a body vest while engaged in the commission of ... murder , manslaughter , robbery , sexual assault , burglary , kidnapping , criminal escape or assault . "
West Virginians want elected officials who will metaphorically fight for their constituents .
But not if they 've ever actually fought .
" Any citizen of this state who shall ... fight a duel with deadly weapons , or send or accept a challenge so to do ... or knowingly aid or assist in such duel , shall ever thereafter be incapable of holding any office of honor , trust or profit in this state . "
You 've got nine more days to show off your crazy , sexy and / or cool underwear in Mansfield , a Louisiana town of 5,500 located forty miles south of Shreveport .
Starting September 15th , anyone caught wearing sagging pants that expose underwear will be subject to a fine of up to $ 150 plus court costs " “ or face up to 15 days in jail .
Keeping with yesterday 's public restroom theme , do n't let the Utah government tell you you can't flush it yourself .
" The department shall not promulgate any rules which either directly or indirectly prohibit the use of manual flushing devices for urinals .
The department shall take steps to encourage the use of manual flushing devices for urinals . "
Power to the pee-ers .
I would imagine you can find hooded sweatshirts for sale somewhere within this massive shopping mecca .
But do n't get caught trying one on .
Since 2005 , Bluewater has banned hooded tops and baseball hats to prevent thuggish teens from hiding their true identities from security cameras .
I guess the mall security detail does not have the power to enact actual legislation , so this is more of a code - of - conduct kind of thing .
Regardless , they 've also banned swearing .
Singapore 's 1994 caning of American Michael Fay was a big international incident to me .
Even though I rarely left New Jersey , I was terrified of accidentally winding up in Singapore and breaking a law I did n't know existed .
Fay 's punishment was for vandalism , but every news story seemed to mention Singapore 's strict war on gum .
The penalty for smuggling gum was a year in jail and a $ 5,500 fine .
So this one I knew , but had n't heard the latest .
As part of a 2003 trade deal with the United States " “ with lots of help from the powerful gum lobby " “ Singapore agreed to relax the ban .
However , gum is only allowed with a medical prescription .
For more weird laws , check out Becky 's previous post on this subject and all the great comments underneath .
And if you know of or have been cited for breaking any strange laws , keep the list going .
ThatGameCompany describes their dependence on the PlayStation [... ]
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Invoking Main Street resentment of Wall Street ’s federal bailout , some 200 workers entered their third day of occupying a shuttered Chicago window and door factory on Sunday , demanding that Bank of America agree to pay them severance plus vacation pay .
Reflections are seen in the windows of a Bank of America branch in New York , October 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Workers belonging to the United Electrical , Radio and Machine Workers union began their peaceful occupation of the plant on Friday after family - owned Republic Windows & Doors said it was closing after Bank of America canceled its line of credit .
The workers said Republic Windows & Doors gave them only three days notice of Friday ’s closing instead of the 60 days required by law , and owes them roughly $ 3,500 per worker including unused vacation pay .
A union spokeswoman said Bank of America is not letting the company pay the workers .
“ We ’re just shocked that Bank of America , after receiving $ 25 billion in bailout money , not only do they refuse to extend credit to companies but , to add insult to injury , they do n’t allow these companies to fulfill their legal obligations to their workers , ” union spokeswoman Leah Fried said .
The downturn in home construction doomed the plant , which has manufactured windows and doors for more than 30 years .
Bank of America was among several U.S. banks to receive funding from a $ 700 billion federal bailout package designed to stabilize the financial system .
The laid - off workers hoisted placards saying , “ Bank of America :
You got bailed out .
We got sold out . ”
According to the Chicago Tribune , the bank said it was not responsible for Republic ’s financial obligations to its employees .
A Bank of America spokesman was not immediately available for comment .
Officials of Republic Windows & Doors also could not be reached for comment .
The parties were expected to meet on Monday .
U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez , an Illinois Democrat , and Chicago - based civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson were lending support to the workers .
Thanks to all who voted for J&M in the Weblog Awards .
We wo n’t win , but if you vote again ( it ’s allowed ) , we might beat Dilbert !
Oh yes , nearly forgot : 300 strips !
Senator David Vitter ( R - LA ) went against ACORN in his weak amendment last night , an organization that HELPED his state ( Louisiana ) during Hurricane Katrina , but this is about trying to save his ass for the Republican primary in 2010 .
In other words , really burnish those conservative credentials .
Are you laughing in mockery or hypocrisy , yet ?
But it took my senator , Senator Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) who schooled this fool , back to school .
Be Extraordinary !
Use Your ‘ Photographic Memory ’ to Command Information and Take Control of Your Life Save Time , Save Money , and Wipe out Stress with ZOX Pro Training
“ Mental Photography … is light years beyond reading or speed reading , … it is like looking back at the Earth From the Moon ” – Dr. Edgar Mitchell – Apollo 14 Astronaut , Founder of Institute of Noetic Sciences ( IONS ) – Past Vice President of Brain Management ( Educom , Inc ) ZOX Pro Hear from one of our many Satisfied Clients now : ﻿ “ I obtained my Doctorate , 400 hours of extra professional certifications , and mastered years of material in just a few days . “
Students , Corporate Climbers , Executives , Everyone can … Conquer Information Overload at 25,000 … 50,000 … 100,000 … Words Per Minute !
… with Full Retention for Life !
We are the GENUINE Creators of Mental Photography .
Since 1975 , we have had over 40 years of experience in helping people , just like you , improve their life .
Independently tested and used by people around the world ;
It works !
Good decision makers are informed , and provide solutions quickly .
To change , improve , and Stay Competitive in today ’s world you need volumes of quality information .
Mental Photography ( ZOXing ) gets you the Best Information – FAST !
Professionals & Executives
Tired of late nights reading long reports and statistics for work ?
ZOXing means you ’ll spend less time reading and reviewing lengthy work documents .
The information you upload to your brain stays there – for life .
You confidently answer questions from co-workers , bosses and clients .
This means a more successful and respected you .
Doctors , Lawyers , Business Managers , Sales Staff , Politicians , Financial Controllers , in fact , any business professional enjoy more success , more confidence with less stress .
Benefits : Decision making , productivity , photographic memory , time management , communication skills , positive mental attitude , motivational , + more
Technicians
Imagine having all your technical manuals “ uploaded ” into your brain so you can access details while working – instead of having to stop work and manually refer to manuals .
If you train new staff , ZOXing gives you confidence to always give them the correct instruction and answer their questions .
You ’ll work faster , more efficiently and become more and more valuable to your business .
Benefits : Productivity , attention to detail , insight , problem solving , photographic memory , concentration , focus , accelerated learning , + more
Firefighters , Police , Military , Doctors , Problem Solvers
Need to find solutions yesterday ?
When you are required to use your brain to solve problems at work , ZOXing gives you the power to recall data , previous cases , training so that you can apply this knowledge quickly and correctly .
ZOXing helps give you ESP like abilities which heighten your capacity to interpret facts .
ZOXing gives you better response times to solutions .
Benefits : Problem solving , decision making , awareness , intuition , focus , photographic memory , positive mental attitude , + more .
Families
How would you like to know what ’s going on before it even happens ?
ZOXing helps you to be aware of everything that is going on all around you .
This help you parent proactively , instead of reactively .
ZOXing increases your ability to sense and solve problems before they occur .
Benefits : Problem solving , decision making , intuition , awareness , focus , accelerated learning , photographic memory , eidetic memory , communication skills , + more .
Students
Stressed out when studying for exams ?
ZOXing means you ’ll spend a fraction of the time of reading everything over and over .
Information remains stored in your brain for you to recall at any time .
Your assignments be completed faster and you ’ll walk into each exam confidently .
People at all ages who are challenged with learning , find ZOXing improves their overall learning ability , building positive relationships with family and classmates , while providing foundations for better relationships throughout their life .
Benefits : Accelerated learning , photographic memory , eidetic memory , problem solving , decision making , intuition , awareness , focus , communication skills , time management , + more .
Since its launch in 1975 , ZOX Pro Training has shown thousands of people around the world how to unlock the powers of their photographic memory .
Many independent tests have been successfully completed on ZOX Pro Training and its ’ parent trainings .
ZOXing is far faster than ALL types of reading or speed reading .
ZOX Pro Training shows you how to absorb material at 25,000 , 50,000 , even 100,000 words per minute , with 90 - 100 % retention for life !
Years of research and development , plus numerous self - funded University studies continually see ZOX Pro Training pass with flying colors .
ZOX
Pro can make your life much easier .
This diagram represents the progressive impact of ZOX Pro Training on Your Memory , Vocabulary , Knowledge , Decision Making , and Productivity , from using Mental Photography ( ZOXing ) and daily exercises over time .
“ ZOX Pro Training ”
ZOX Pro Training Benefits
Improve your life in more ways than you imagined !
Most people choose ZOX Pro Training to increase their reading speed .
They soon find that ZOXing is more than a speed reading course .
ZOX Pro Training helps make your life easier in so many other ways you never considered , including :
Enjoy renewed health and wellness of your mind and body , simply by telling your mind to do it for you .
Whenever you feel stress , your body is under siege .
Decrease stress = increased health and disease fighting ability .
of your mind and body , simply by telling your mind to do it for you .
Whenever you feel stress , your body is under siege .
= increased health and disease fighting ability .
Achieve maximum concentration – reduce distraction , improve your time management !
– reduce distraction , improve your !
Enhance your peripheral vision and eyesight .
ZOXing has an exercise that help you to see more .
Martial artists , sports people , policeman , firefighters , military and many other industry professionals work better with enhanced peripheral vision .
ZOXing enables you to feel and be aware of everyone and everything around you .
It ’s like you can see 360 degrees .
and eyesight .
ZOXing has an exercise that help you to see more .
Martial artists , sports people , policeman , firefighters , military and many other industry professionals work better with enhanced peripheral vision .
ZOXing enables you to feel and of everyone and everything around you .
It ’s like you can see 360 degrees .
ZOXing gives you self - empowerment .
You ’ll build confidence because you ’ll know the answers to more questions and work smarter .
.
You ’ll because you ’ll know the answers to more questions and work smarter .
Reduce the amount of sleep you need .
A more relaxed and deeper sleep means you wake up feeling better each day .
Improve your self - esteem .
Increasing information helps you increase your abilities at home and work .
This leads to increased knowledge , recall and self - confidence .
, recall and self - confidence .
Be happier !
Discover how ZOXing helps you improve your Life
Our brains are unlimited – they never fill up .
Add some more knowledge by watching this clip on ZOX Pro and see how you can gain access into the power of your mind .
By Exercising your brain – everything you do becomes easier
ZOX Pro Training takes speed reading to new levels and is unlike any “ success ” program on the market by tapping into your natural photographic memory .
ZOXing enables you to conquer the vast amount of information that you must consume daily .
This helps you perform better at work or school , feel more confident , enjoy less stress and have a more successful life .
ZOXing gives you benefits in everything you do !
“ ZOX Pro Training ”
With Mental Photography – you are in control .
With Mental Photography 100 % of the information you upload to your brain stays with you – for the rest of your life .
Reading and Speed Reading Statistics provided by National Education Association ( NEA ) ** >95 % when ZOXing a book 3 times through .
Dr. Richard Welch , the “ Father of Mental Photography ” , explains MENTAL PHOTOGRAPHY ( ZOXing ) : Richard Welch speaks on Mental Photography Over Reading https://zoxpro.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/03MentalPhotographyOverReading.mp3
Richard Welch speaks on speed reading and Mental Photography https://zoxpro.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/02SpeedReading.mp3
Richard Welch speaks on Learning How to Learn Naturally https://zoxpro.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/learn_to_learn.mp3
Dr. Richard Welch Explains More …
What You Receive in ZOX Pro Training :
Modules , Bonuses , and Additional Training
( CLICK to view List )
What ZOX Pro Training Did For
Them :
“ My memory has become amazing , I can recall all of my subconscious memories , entire conversations I has 17 years ago , word for word . ”
Adam S. [ Small Town , USA ]
“ IT WORKED !
IT ’S RIDICULOUS HOW EASY THIS WORKS ?!
IT ’S SO GOOD I CAN ’T BELIEVE IT !
Will Baker [ College Student ]
“ Like looking back at the Earth , … From the Moon ” “ Learning the ability to accurately absorb and retain vast quantities of pertinent information is itself a remarkable feat which assures increasing one ’s confidence , self - esteem and marketability .
But learning how to relax and manage stress naturally provides a ten - fold increase in benefit for Subliminal / Mental Photographers .
What better way to be of service to our fellow humans and to simultaneously create a better life for ourselves than to introduce everyone to the benefits of Brain Management® ( ZOX Pro ) System ? ” Edgar Mitchell , PhD [ Founder , Institute of Noetic Sciences , Astronaut , 6th man on the Moon ]
Michael “ I used to be the same as everyone else , now I excel at everything I do . ”
Michael
“ I decided to implement the ZOX Pro Training system … what I found is way beyond even what I was searching for …
I am no longer skeptical .
Everyone should learn to ZOX . ”
Bryan K [ Lecturer ]
“ … I have found happiness and fulfillment by just allowing things to just be , rather than stressing to achieve . ”
Tracy Darsana ( Teacher )
“ This program offers so much … , it covers all areas of life .
I have all the confidence in the world . ”
Daniel Harun [ Kitchener , Ontario ]
“ I have been ZOXing now for 45 days .
My ability to memorize music has substantially increased ! ” Austin Eames [ Musician / Actor / Student ]
Mrs. Gonzales “ Learning disabilities saw my son failing at school .
Since ZOXing , he is now a straight A Student – and we ’re much happier . ”
Mrs. Gonzales
“ You have truly created something magical … .
My mind is mine again . ” Sergio Jerez [ Artist ]
Our Claims …
You may be asking why we make such outlandish claims that we can teach you something that you cannot learn in school , something so fantastic that it makes all else seem insignificant .
YES , it is all TRUE !
You were born with a fully functioning Photographic Memory ( eidetic memory ) , and it is still there operating in the background .
It is NATURAL .
We show you how to switch it back on for you to control , for your benefit .
We have over 40 Years of experience teaching this method to the public .
We have devoted our lives to providing training to those people who believe there is something more to learning – the way we learned everything so well when we were children .
You already own your Photographic Memory .
We show you how to use it .
Are you ready to see what your Photographic Memory can do for you ?
Opportunity is upon you .
Seize the Day !
Great Things Happen Here !
We can hope that governments have acted fast enough this time – with rate cuts and a fiscal firewall – to head off such disasters .
But then again , the debt excesses are much greater today .
If in doubt , cleave to those countries with a deeply - rooted democracy , a strong sense of national solidarity , a tested rule of law – and aircraft carriers .
The US and Britain do not look so bad after all .
( CNN ) --
An Internet auction to sell off the plaster cast that New Zealand Prime Minister John Key wore when he broke his right arm has raised close to NZ$ 20,000 for charity .
John Key wears the cast during a TV interview on Friday .
The online auction ended Sunday with a winning bid of NZ $ 18,500 ( US $ 9,362 ) , according to the New Zealand shopping Web site TradeMe , which conducted the bidding .
The prime minister broke his arm in two places on January 17 when he tripped on some stairs at a Chinese New Year event in Auckland .
Later , during a trip to Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands for a Pacific Islands Forum meeting , several dignitaries -- including Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd -- signed Kay 's blue cast .
The money will benefit the Fred Hollows Foundation in blindness prevention programs in the Pacific .
The TradeMe listing said the foundation estimates there are about 5,000 blind people in the Islands , mainly needing cataract surgery .
Another 15,000 suffer from poor vision and need eyeglasses .
" I am very surprised it got to that ... but I am delighted , " New Zealand 's national news agency quoted Key as saying about the winning bid .
The cast , which was removed this weekend , is in " excellent condition , " Key said .
" Though I do n't know whether is is $ 20,000 worth of condition . "
Bidders and curious clickers posed more than 180 questions during the auction period .
" Does it come with the arm ? " asked one .
Another wanted to know if there was a chance of the the winner and Key " exchanging numbers and hanging out in the future if we hit it off ? "
A third asked : " If I was successful with this auction do I also have ownership and rights to any genetic material that may ( have been ) left inside the cast and the right to clone it if I choose to ? "
That person was told he or she would have to " negotiate with John 's lawyers for that particular right . "
The winning bidder was a headstone maker from Wellington , according to NZPA , the news agency .
Backdropped by a blue and white Earth and the blackness of space , the International Space Station is seen from space shuttle Endeavour as the two spacecraft begin their relative separation on Nov. 28 , 2008 during the STS - 126 mission .
NASAengineers are studying the impact of excessive vibrations aboard the International Space Station to make surethe unexpected shaking did not damage the $ 100 billion orbital lab .
Engineersare checking the space station ?s integrity after a Jan. 14 thruster firing aimed atboosting the outpost ?s orbit to meet the expected arrival of two spacecraftlater this month .
But the two - minute , 22 - second rocket engine firing led to ? higher - than - usualstructural oscillations ?
on the 10 - year - oldspace station , NASA officials said in a Jan. 24 update .
Reports ofthe space station ?s vibrations were posted in NASA ?s daily status updates onthe outpost and first reported by USA Today .
Video of the move obtainedby MSNBC shows a wildly shaking camera inside the space station duringthe Jan. 14 maneuver .
NASAofficials have said an initial review of the space station ?s subsystems ? havenot shown any off - nominal results , ? according to a Jan. 29 update .
Earliertoday , mission managers at NASA ?s Johnson Space Center in Houston cleared thespace station ?s structure of any concerns for another planned thruster firing initially slated for Wednesday , NASAspokesperson Kelly Humphries said during the agency ?s daily mission commentary .
But that planned maneuver was cancelled by Russian flight controllers , who said it was no longer required , he added .
The spacestation is in an acceptable position to jettison an older Russian cargo ship , Progress 31 , on Thursday , and link up with its Progress 32 replacement on Feb.13 , Humphries said .
The space station is also in position to meet NASA ?s spaceshuttle Discovery , which is slatedto launch Feb. 12 and dock at the orbiting lab two days later to deliverthe final pair of U.S. solar arrays .
Humphriessaid the decision to cancel Wednesday ?s space station maneuver did forcemission planners to reschedule the planned March 25 launch of a Russian Soyuzspacecraft carrying the outpost ?s next crew and American space tourist CharlesSimonyi .
That Soyuz TMA - 14 spacecraft will now launch one day later in order tomeet the space station in the preferred position , he added .
The International Space Station is currently home to Expedition18 commander Michael Fincke and flight engineer Sandra Magnus , both ofNASA , and Russian flight engineer Yury Lonchakov .
Magnus is slated to returnhome later this month after her replacement , Japanese astronaut Koichi Wakata , arrives aboard the shuttle Discovery .
A public school teacher was arrested today at John F.Kennedy International Airport as he attempted to board a flight while in possession of a ruler , a protractor , a set square , a slide rule , and a calculator .
At a morning press conference , the Attorney General said he believes the man is a member of the notorious al - Gebra movement .
He did not identify the man , who has been charged by the FBI with carrying weapons of math instruction .
‘ Let there be no doubt , al - Gebra is a problem for us all , ’ the Attorney General said .
‘ They desire solutions by means and extremes and sometimes go off on tangents in a search of absolute values .
They use secret code names like ‘ x ’ and ‘y ’ and refer to themselves as ‘ unknowns , ’ but we have determined they belong to a common denominator of the axis of medieval with co-ordinates in every country .
As the Greek philanderer Isosceles used to say , ‘ There are three sides to every triangle . ’
When asked to comment on the arrest , EX - President George W. Bush said , ‘ If God had wanted us to have better Weapons of Maths Instruction , He would have given us more fingers and toes . ’
White House aides told reporters they could not recall a more intelligent or profound statement by the President .
Everything In The Name Of Linux
The mystery DNA spippets are about 300 times less likely than other regions of the genome to be lost during the course of mammalian evolution .
CHICAGO — A strange , new genetic code a lot like that found in all terrestrial life is sitting in a beaker full of oily water in a laboratory in Florida , a scientist said today , calling it the first example of an artificial chemical system that is capable of Darwinian evolution .
The system is made of the four molecules that are the basic building blocks of our DNA along with eight synthetic modifications of them , said biochemist Steven A. Benner of the Foundation for Applied Molecular Evolution in Gainesville .
The main difference between the synthetic molecules and those that make up conventional DNA is that Benner 's molecules cannot make copies of themselves , although that is just " a couple of years " away , he said .
The wild biochemistry finding , described to a small group of reporters today at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , offers ideas about new types of life for scientists to look for beyond our planet , or even possibly hidden on our planet .
" Unless it happens to shoot at you with a ray gun , the life that you encounter off of Earth will not necessarily have same biochemistry as us , " Benner said .
And the step from Benner 's system to something that could be called artificial life is still large .
" There is not enough information in them to build organisms , " Benner said .
Expanded alphabet for DNA
For some 20 years , Benner 's labs have been involved in trying to make artificial life or things approximating it , with similar genetic and inheritance properties to life on Earth .
( Previously , Benner worked at the University of Florida . )
He and his colleagues have focused in part on expanding the DNA alphabet to develop an " Artificially Expanded Genetic Information System , " which now has its own supporting molecular biology .
The building blocks of DNA are four chemicals called nucleotides that are referred to as A , C , T and G , for short .
The nucleotides pair up and bond in predictable ways to form the double helix structure of DNA .
Benner 's new nucleotides , which he and his colleagues have named Z , P , V , J , Iso - C , Iso - G , X and K , are reshufflings of the constituents of those molecules found in our DNA .
The evolution in this system happens when the 12 - letter genetic code makes copying mistakes and subsequent sequences have properties that make them more liable to get copied .
Those sequences would survive in greater numbers than the original sequence .
Benner 's synthetic approach was conceptualized using " ball and stick plastic model chemistry , " he said , the technique used by James Watson and Francis Crick to arrive at the structure of the DNA molecule in 1953 .
The human genome 's DNA includes 3 billion base pairs .
Some of the molecules synthesized in Benner 's lab are 81 base pairs long — relatively short .
The molecules are " fed " and grow via a process called the polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) that allows the molecules to make copies of themselves .
Once the replication of the molecules in Benner 's system is self - catalyzed , without PCR , the process is self - sustaining .
Benner claims , " then it 's artificial life . "
Dreaming up extra-terrestrial life
The research resulted from a NASA - funded project to try to understand what life might look like beyond Earth .
Such life might live in water , but it could also live in liquid nitrogen or methane ( as speculated for Saturn 's moon Titan ) and in environments with extremely high or low acidity .
The results are published in a technical book , " Life , the Universe and the Scientific Method , " of which Benner has made about 100 copies to distribute to his colleagues .
" One of the ways scientists try to understand life as a universal concept … is you try to make life on your own in the lab , " Benner said .
" We try to put together chemicals that do that . "
Any potential life forms made from such molecules would be " so alien in terms of their biochemistry that they will not able to eat you , " Benner said .
NASA has been involved in searching for extra-terrestrial life along numerous avenues for decades , including the Viking mission to Mars in the 1970s and its recent missions to the red planet which have searched for signs of habitability there .
NASA also funds an Astrobiology Institute , which partners with hundreds of researchers world - wide who study of the origins , evolution , distribution and future of life in the universe
The trick to searching for alien life is how to look for it , said Paul Davies of Arizona State University , who also spoke with reporters here today .
" All of the techniques which microbiologists use to [ look for alien life ] are customized to life as we know it , " Davies said .
" It 's no surprise that microbiologists have n't come across micro-organisms that seem to have relatively different biochemistry . "
In the future , more scientists could " talk with Steve Benner , " Davies said , " to come up with perfectly good molecules that life could use — but does n't . "
Recently I wrote a post which claimed that Keynesian stimulus is what we need in the global economy right now .
These ideas are considered heresy in Austrian School circles because trying to stimulate the economy out of recession only puts off the day of reckoning and often worsens that day of reckoning .
This is exactly what we saw when Alan Greenspan lowered interest rates to 1 % after the last recession .
So what exactly does Ludwig von Mises , the most revered Austrian School economist , say about this ?
The short answer is that he would say stimulus is only going to make matters worse .
He has written on this very subject in his essay “ The ‘ Austrian ’ Theory of the Trade Cycle . ”
Let me provide you with some of the text from that essay and an explanation of why I believe stimulus is necessary despite what he warns .
And remember , his essay was written in 1936 , the same year Keynes released his seminal work so that everyone forgot about the Austrians .
In issuing fiduciary media , by which I mean bank notes without gold backing or current accounts which are not entirely backed by gold reserves , the banks are in a position to expand credit considerably .
The creation of these additional fiduciary media permits them to extend credit well beyond the limit set by their own assets and by the funds entrusted to them by their clients .
They intervene on the market in this case as “ suppliers ” of additional created , created by themselves , and they thus produce a lowering of the rate of interest , which falls below the level at which it would have been without their intervention .
The lowering of the rate of interest stimulates economic activity .
Projects which would not have been thought “ profitable ” if the rate of interest had not been influenced by the manipulations of the banks , and which , therefore , would not have been undertaken , are nevertheless found “ profitable ” and can be initiated .
The more active state of business leads to increased demand for production and the wages of labor rise , and the increase in wages leads , in turn , to an increase in prices of consumption goods .
If the banks were to refrain from any further extension of credit and limited themselves to what they had already done , the boom would rapidly halt .
But the banks do not deflect from their course of action ; they continue to expand credit on a larger and larger scale , and prices and wages correspondingly continue to rise .
This upward movement could not , however , continue indefinitely .
The material means of production and the labor available have not increased ; all that has increased is the quantity of the fiduciary media which can play the same role as money in the circulation of goods .
The means of production and labor which have been diverted to the new enterprises have had to be taken away from other enterprises .
Society is not sufficiently rich to permit the creation of new enterprises without taking anything away from other enterprises .
As long as the expansion of credit is continued this will not be noticed , but this extension cannot be pushed indefinitely .
For if an attempt were made to prevent the sudden halt of the upward movement ( and the collapse of prices which would result ) by creating more and more credit , a continuous and even more rapid increase of prices would result .
But the inflation and the boom can continue smoothly only as long as the public thinks that the upward movement of prices will stop in the near future .
As soon as public opinion becomes aware that there is no reason to expect an end to the inflation , and that prices will continue to rise , panic sets in .
No one wants to keep his money , because its possession implies greater and greater losses from one day to the next ; everyone rushes to exchange money for goods , people buy things they have no considerable use for without even considering the price , just in order to get rid of the money .
Such is the phenomenon that occurred in Germany and in other countries that followed a policy of prolonged inflation and that was known as the “ flight into real values . ”
Commodity prices rise enormously as do foreign exchange rates , while the price of the domestic money falls almost to zero .
The value of the currency collapses , as was the case in Germany in 1923 .
Basically Mises has laid out very concisely the fact that the business cycle is due to the extension and over - extension of credit .
Trying to continue to expand credit eventually ends in a hyper - inflationary scenario as it did in Weimar Germany in 1923 .
As a result , most countries are forced to stop .
If , on the contrary , the banks decided to halt the expansion of credit in time to prevent the collapse of the currency and if a brake is thus put on the boom , it will quickly be seen that the false impression of “ profitability ” created by the credit expansion has led to unjustified investments .
Many enterprises or business endeavors which had been launched thanks to artificial lowering of the interest rate , and which had been sustained thanks to the equally artificial increase in prices , no longer appear profitable .
If you read this and think about the Technology Bubble or the Housing Bubble , these are textbook cases .
Investment money was diverted from other more useful sectors to fund over - investment in technology and telecom in the 1990s and to fund overbuilding in residential property this last decade .
Both of these episodes were a direct result of low interest rates .
And when Mises speaks of an “ artificial increase of prices ” , he means asset prices .
Some enterprises cut back their scale of operation , others close down or fail .
Prices collapse ; crisis and depression follow the boom .
The crisis and ensuing period of depression are the culmination of the period of unjustified investment brought about by the extension of credit .
The projects which owe their existence to the fact that they once appeared “ profitable ” in the artificial conditions created on the market by the extension of credit and the increase in prices which resulted from it , have ceased to be “ profitable . ”
The capital invested in these enterprises is lost to the extent that it is locked in .
The economy must adapt itself to these losses and to the situation that they bring about .
In is case the thing to do , first of all , is to curtail consumption and , by economizing , to build up new capital funds in order to make the productive apparatus conform to the actual wants , not to artificial wants which could never be manifested and considered real except as a consequence of the false calculation of “ profitability ” based on the extension of credit .
Later , in the same essay Mises gets to the point about stimulus :
It has often been suggested to “ stimulate ” economic activity and to “ prime the pump ” by recourse to a new extension of credit which would allow the depression to be ended and bring about a recovery or at least a return to normal conditions ; the advocates of this method forget , however , that even though it might overcome the difficulties of the moment , it will certainly produce a worse situation in a not too distant future .
Essentially , over - extension of credit is the problem .
It is not the solution .
One could say credit is a drug to which we have become addicted .
So , how can giving more of that drug help us kick the habit ?
Why am I proposing more stimulus ?
Using the drug analogy , I would say I am proposing “ government stimulus ” as methadone for addiction treatment to help with the heroin - like credit addiction .
It is only a stop - gap .
Going cold turkey is likely to lead to unpredictable — or even dangerous — results .
I do like to use the Weimar example to make this point .
I lived and worked in Germany for quite a while and am very familiar with German history as a result .
The Weimar Republic was Germany ’s first attempt at democracy from 1919 - 1933 .
It was widely considered a failure and led to fascism and the Nazis as a result .
In assessing Weimar ’s failures , most focus on the war reparations from the Treaty of Versailles that ended World War I as a principle reason for hyperinflation in 1923 and Weimar ’s ultimate failure .
In fact , the hyperinflation episode of 1923 is one reason the ECB and the Bundesbank before it had been noted for having a tight money policy .
Germans fear 1923 the way Americans fear 1929 .
However , the severity of Depression of 1921 was a significant contributing factor to both Mussolini ’s political success and Hitler ’s initial political success in the early 1920s and the rise of fascism .
Ultimately , economic depression again in the early 1930s created the pre-conditions for World War II and the breeding ground for despots .
So , my thinking is fairly simple : cushioning the fall with government stimulus will prevent worst - case outcomes — nothing more .
It will not prevent depression .
Update : I have added an addendum to this article in my post “ A brief philosophical argument about the role of government , stimulus and recession . ”
I wrote the second post to talk more about the efficacy of stimulus in hastening recovery .
Please read that post in conjunction with this one .
Source
The Austrian Theory of the Trade Cycle , Ludwig von Mises , Gottfried Haberler , Murray Rothbard , Friedrich Hayek
Written by Adrian Holovaty on January 9 , 2009
I 'm excited to announce that I 'm working on a second edition of the Django Book .
The first edition , which I cowrote with Jacob Kaplan - Moss , was published in print by Apress more than a year ago , and , sadly , it 's become out of date .
It covers Django version 0.96 , and many of the examples do n't work with the current version , 1.0 .
Fortunately , now that Django has reached 1.0 and is committed to backwards compatibility , this book will have a much longer shelf life . :-)
At this point , I 've rewritten / edited the first three chapters and published the drafts for free online , as we did the first time around .
I plan to add chapters incrementally over the coming weeks .
Instead of posting blog entries here , I 'll make those " new chapter posted " announcements on my Twitter account .
What 's new in this edition ?
I 'm not only updating examples to work with 1.0 ; I 'm also doing a full rethinking and rewriting of many of the sections and will probably add a couple of chapters ( testing Django apps , anyone ? ) .
As before , we 've got a slick granular comment system so that you can leave feedback on particular paragraphs .
These were invaluable for the first edition , so I hope folks submit lots of great comments ( without , I hope , finding too many errors ! ) .
Apress has signed on again to publish the second edition in print .
Also as before , I 'm happy to report that the book will remain free online .
The first edition is still available in its entirety , too , but I 've added some much - needed caveats that it 's out of date .
Jacob is sitting this one out due to time constraints , so I 'll be doing the writing / rewriting , and the fine editors at Apress will be editing .
It 's easier to rewrite than write from scratch , so it should n't take too long .
Dig in , enjoy , and leave plenty of comments !
The male spinster is not a bachelor .
The term bachelor holds connotations of frivolity and licentiousness : his is an existence filled with hard liquor , soft women and long nights ; he samples the goods , sucks the marrow from the great carnal bone , bides his time until his society pressures him into settling down ; he is an extremely valuable ore , sought by masses of women ; he is the illusive symbol in the female formula ; his ultimate goal , whether he knows it or not , is to pass on his genetic code ; often this materialises in the sporadic , visceral objective of sexual intercourse ; in order to achieve his end , therefore , the bachelor ’s body becomes his prevalent asset , though the mind can play a certain role .
The male spinster has no interest in heredity .
He sees it as a selfish , unkind and ultimately fruitless ambition .
The male spinster is not simply a virgin ; the virgin ’s lack of sex is more often than not imposed , be it through societal circumstances , religious conventions or simply a lack of opportunity .
If the male spinster is virginal , it is incidental .
The male spinster may have experimented with sexual practices , perhaps to perverted extremes , but will finally reject sexual ambition ; he does not see sexual custom as derisory or uninteresting but simply as something that is foreign to him , therefore he observes it with the curious but detached perceptiveness of a tourist or zoo - goer .
Though the male spinster is nonsexual , he can quite readily distinguish beauty in both the sexes .
The male spinster is a passer - by in life , a voyeur , an inert entity in the conduct of others ; he keenly documents human behaviour , from its insignificant gesticulations to its global interactions , but seldom sees himself as worthy of being documented .
As a consequence , the male spinster will often be introverted , almost to the extreme of being antisocial ; though paradoxically he can be quite comfortable with his discomfort in social settings .
The male spinster is civil and ethical , but , unlike the stereotype of his female counterpart , he is not prudish .
He is sympathetic and nonchalant ( almost apathetic ) towards the shortcomings of human nature
The male spinster is a creature of the mind ; he aspires only to comprehend , to unravel the byzantine knots of existence .
He begins with the realisation that the cosmos responds to the perpetual why with an empty because , but also with the realisation that a mind which can appreciate such a thing is quite magnificent , to say the least .
He understands that his conception is quite imperfect , that his intellect being entangled in the primitive impulses of an animal brain provides both pros and cons ; he acknowledges that it permits him to discern and benefit from his species ’ aesthetical language throughout the artistic media , but he also must concede that it limits his true objectivity .
Still he will sit at his desk for hours , sipping cup of tea after cup of tea , deconstructing why it is he deconstructs why it is he deconstructs why it is he deconstructs , and will emerge with nothing but scribble - drawings of umbrellas and a mild migraine .
The male spinster reveres intelligence and beauty , acumen and bravura .
Nothing more .
The male spinster will commonly make a living by means of artistic passions .
The male spinster accepts his own mortality without much concern , as he recognises that the voluminous mortal coil he shall be shuffling off will soon enough rust and perish itself ; he is atheistic .
The male spinster is a dying breed , or possibly a new breed in emergence ; either way he is a rarity .
Charles Hatcher
Tyson was n't used to 8:00 am meetings , let alone meetings with the not - so - technical - even - though - their - name - implies - it Application Auditors on the dimly lit 32nd floor .
Arriving fashionably late at 8:06 , he was struck by how many suits were in the meeting with him - and he 'd again opted not to shave .
The middle - suit seated across from him began , " Tyson , let me cut to the chase - there are some serious flaws in your CASTLE system . "
" Humph ... Exactly what do you mean by ' flaws ' ? "
Tyson replied indignantly .
" Flaws that are costing our company time and money .
We 're at a point where developers in the different business units have to add extra time to their estimates to code around flaws in retrieving information from CASTLE .
As a first step , we 've scheduled a source code and database review to --"
" Waitaminute - hold on here , " spitted Tyson , " No , No , I 've ... been down this road before !
CASTLE just had a database table review !
I 'll fight it !
It 'll end in disaster , you 'll see ! "
" Complain all you want - You have no choice or say - so in this "
Rise and Fall of CASTLE
Tyson was pissed .
His CASTLE was under attack .
Did n't the fools who were pointing out all these so - called " flaws " realize that it was the greatest and most powerful electronic medical records system ever invented ?
20 years ago , he'd have been right .
Thanks to his bold choice of using MUMPS as a database and hand - coding all database interaction ( bypassing the API that would be invented in a few years ) , CASTLE was blazing fast and ran with miniscule memory .
It allowed his system to support screen - driven data entry when most people were still using paper records .
The system grew fast and added lots of features , thanks to extensive cut - and - paste code and avoidance of requirements gathering , modeling , planning , documenting or writing functions that can do more than one thing .
There was a slight hiccup in the 90s , when Tyson decided that everything had to be put on the web .
Large quantities of code had to be rewritten , and the five programmers assigned to this task have been working continuously on it for the past decade ( it 's still not done ) .
Since these were mostly the same programmers who wrote the original non-web CASTLE , the new code is pretty much copied - and - pasted old code where , instead of printing text and VT102 codes , it prints HTML .
Most of the old code was n't reusable since it usually printed as it retrieved data .
As time and development trudged along , Tyson began to tune out complaints , dismissing them as grumbling from malcontents who'd hate any system they 'd be given .
However , even common users of the system were starting to notice that development was slowly grinding to a halt .
Functionality could n't be changed since not even the developers knew what code updated which data in every case and there was the fear that even the smallest change could break the existing data structure .
Eventually , after a broken contract involving a refund of a few hundred thousand dollars to a client who waited three years on a system that was promised , Tyson was demoted .
The Review
Now , a review of the database found hundreds of tables that were unused .
Despite his dire warnings , 60 were easily removed without incident .
Another 95 were scheduled for review .
Tyson 's response was to insist on being involved in the review and to be the one to actually delete stuff , and then hope everyone would forgot about it .
Why clean up the database ?
Is having more data a bad thing ?
The next straw nearly gave him an aneurism .
An automated review of the code found over 1800 source code files that were completely unused .
A conservative double - check revealed that at least 1300 had n't been run in over 3 years .
Despite his objections , these 1300 were checked into CVS as ' deleted ' ( they 're still retrievable if someone needs them ) .
This was well over half the code in the repository .
Of the remaining half , an estimate was that over half the functions defined in those files were also unused .
They 'd stripped Tyson of his position , his code , and most importantly , his power .
At this point , Tyson decided that he had no choice but to fight back .
Tyson's Revenge
Steve X. as you may recall as the hero from this story 's previous installment , did n't work on the MUMPS - based CASTLE system , but he did work on the systems that interfaced with it .
One of these being the " Welcome " screen that showed the user the last time they 'd logged in .
One morning , Steve had received a support request ticket stating that the value of the last login date had n't been updated in about a week .
While not critical , this was moderately annoying to the more anally retentive ( and influential ) users and as such , got escalated as a top priority item .
Steve 's analysis showed that there was a change to disable the recording of the " last login " date roughly a week ago .
After narrowing it down to a change committed by none other than the infamous Tyson ( who did n't tell anyone ) , Steve reported it to his manager .
Management determined that since Tyson broke it , Tyson should fix it .
Steve X followed up in a couple days and found that it now reported the most recent time you logged in .
As in ... 3 seconds ago .
After pointing out to the management that it's not terribly useful to know when you just logged in , Tyson was told to fix it again .
A few weeks later , Tyson changed it such that it simply would hide the " last login " if it was less than 10 minutes ago .
So , it still does n't tell you that someone logged in as you at 11:00 pm last night when you were n't here , but at least 10 minutes after you log in , you can go back to the ' Welcome ' page and see that you logged in 10 minutes ago .
Errors ?
What Errors ?
A complaint surfaced that some of Tyson 's apps were generating JavaScript errors .
It would have been simple to fix these errors , but Tyson could n't be bothered with mundane issues like this .
Instead he disabled the error reporting mechanism .
For everybody .
At the same time , he noticed that another of Steve X's apps ( a system that allowed you to bookmark pages and jump to them quickly ) was n't being loaded in the place he would liked to have seen it being loaded .
Instead , it was loaded right before HTML headers were printed .
So he removed it .
Naturally , he removed both these things without telling anyone .
A few days after these were committed to production , complaints started coming in that the hotkeys were broken .
It took a few days after that for someone to assign the ticket to Steve .
This time , it only took half an hour to find the change that was made and revert it .
Confrontation
Soon after Steve applied his fix , management decided that the time was right to have a meeting with Tyson to discuss his recent ... performance .
However , before any of the managers could start , Tyson started straight into the conversation .
" Listen , we 're striving for quality , right ? "
Tyson started with a cocked eyebrow , " Well , my fixes were to REDUCE the amount of GARBAGE that users do n't care about and things that just implemented wrong . "
" But Tyson , listen , you 're the one breaking CASTLE 's functionality , you 're -"
" I have been working on this system for the past 20 years !
NOBODY knows CASTLE better than me .
When you have my level of knowledge , only then we can discuss what is and is not breaking the system . "
In the end , Tyson agreed that whenever he would make any ad hoc changes to any part of the system that he would send out a broadcast email stating what he did and that he tested it .
Many were not surprised the reason why Tyson agreed was because he was able to show off how great his system was .
As you will undoubtedly have heard , the Iraqi journalist who lobbed heavy duty leather shoes at Bush has been beaten and tortured in custody .
Hardly a novelty in the ' new Iraq ' , where torture has reached such a scale that the UN described it as being worse than under Saddam Hussein .
In light of which , this Times leader column seems not merely inapposite but actually grotesque .
It claims that the protest " demonstrated how far Iraq has come " , and that Iraqis " have learnt to enjoy freedom of expression . "
It would be redundant to go through all the ways in which this disgusting reverie constitutes both a moral and intellectual insult .
But one has to wonder : if a Times journalist was bleeding internally , with broken ribs and a smashed arm after suffering a severe beating by police , would its leader column be waxing wistful and ironical about ' imperfect ' freedom ?
Update : More freedom of expression - US Troops Open Fire On Fallujah Students at Shoe Rally
Labels : george w bush , iraq , journalist , protest , saddam hussein , torture
今年もよい出会いがあり、それはあなたのおかげ、とても感謝しています。
ここでい う「あなた」とは、親切にもコメント欄よりオススメいただいたアナタだけでなく、某所で罵倒しまくってたキミも含まれる。なぜなら、「○○がスゴいんだってーフフン、じゃぁ△△読んでないだろ」なーんて教えてくれたから。
ありがたいのはまさにソレ、「そんならコレを読め」と言ってくれる方は、○○も△△も読んでる。わたしが知らない△△を、わたしが読んだ○○から教えてくれるのだから、これほど有益なものはない。
わたしが知らないスゴ本は、きっとあなたが読んでいる所以はここにある。反面、これができずに唯我独尊を貫くと、非常に限定された世界の読書王となる。なまじ蓄積があるだけに、外からのアドバイスが受け入れられず、読書はすべて自意識の確認作業となる。気の毒だけど、よい反面教師だ。この道は、いつかきた道。わたし自身が陥らないよう、用心用心。
ことし読んできたなかで、 「これはスゴい」とスゴ本認定したものから、さらに選びぬいたものを紹介する。ベスト10とかムリで、かなりのボリュームになったぞ。すべて、「あなた」の縁を経ている。はてなで、amazonで、2chで、そしてこのblogを通じて知ったベストだ。昔の「今年のベスト」と比べるとよくわかる、「あなたのオススメ」を集めると、こんなに豊かなリストになるということを。
┌―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
│□□□
│□□□ この小説がスゴ い2008
│□□□
└―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
今年「も」小説はあたりどしだった。いい小説読むと人生トクした気分になれるのだが、知らない人は残念無念。たとえるならば、ウマいメシ喰っった後に、頭頂から垂れてくるナニかのように人性をハイにさせてくれるもの、といったら分かるか。
いい小説は人生を変える、はホントだ──そういえるスゴ本群はこれ。
■ ルーツ（アレックス・ヘイリー） [ レビュー ]
親子七代、200年に渡る壮大な物語から描かれた米国の黒人奴隷の歴史に圧倒される。あらゆるものを奪いつくされ、失いつくしたとしても、それでも一歩一歩、自分の生活を築いていく系譜が、ここにある。合衆国の黒歴史ともいえる黒人奴隷の問題を描いた本書は、1977年のピューリッツァー賞を受賞し、世界的ベストセラーとなり、TVドラマ化され、一大センセーションを巻き起こした。「クンタ・キンテ」といえば、ご存知の方もいらっしゃるかと。
白人社会の黒人への仕打ちは、かなりショッキングだ。どうかフィクションであってくれと祈りたくなるような強烈さだ（なかでも奴隷船の描写はかなりキツい。ここだけ劇薬指定）。肉体的な暴力もさることながら、精神的文化的なダメージも大きい。しかも、問題は「色」だけではないのだ。裕福な白人と貧乏白人、奴隷と自由黒人、先住インディアンと混血、メソジストとバプチスト、開拓民と新興移民――「色」に限定されない差別問題がわんさとでてくる。合衆国の問題の根っこがドラマティックに見えてくる。
■ 存在の耐えられない軽さ（ミラン・クンデラ） [ レビュー ]
物語の体裁をした長い長いクンデラの独白。「プラハの春」を歴史背景に、愛し合う男と女を鮮烈にエロチックに描いている。新訳で10年ぶりに再読できた。物語を読んでいるのに、「人生の一回性について」という哲学の問題を考えさせられる。未来からの重みを感じれば、一回きりしかない人生はとてつもなく重要に思えてくるだろう。しかし、わたしたちはそれを確かめるすべを持たないのではないか?
著者クンデラは物語の合間合間に、そんな疑問をナマで問い合わせてくる。
人生が一度きりなら、そして予め確かめるどんな可能性もないのなら、人は、みずからの感情に従うのが正しいのか、間違いなのかけっして知ることがない。それでも彼・彼女はよく考えたり感情的になったりして、かなり重要な決定を下す（あるいは下さない）。結果が偶然なのか必然なのかは、わからない（著者は指し示すだけ）。
肝心なのは、その 「決定」だ。結果によって「決定」が運命になったり偶然に扱われたりするのなら、未来によって選択の軽重が決まってくる。結果は重いかもしれないが、決定は（決断すら思い及ばず偶然の連鎖も含めて）下されるそのとき分からない
読み手はぐるぐる回りながらも、この問い合わせに応えることができない。そんな読者をよそに物語は転んでゆく。塞翁が馬と片付けられればいいのだが、それはそれ、男と女の物語なのだからそうはいかない。
■ 巨匠とマルガリータ（ミハイル・ブルガーコフ） [ レビュー ]
現実と幻想が濃厚に融合している怪作。ケタケタ笑って読んでもいいし、いくら深読みしても耐えられる、軽薄かつ堅牢なつくり。小説としてしっかりしていれば、その容器（うつわ）に何を入れても許される好例。
単なるファンタスティックに走り出さない。リアリズムからつかず離れず、一定の間隔をおいている。この距離感が絶妙なので、ナザレ人のイエスが蝿まみれになって死んでゆく様が異常なほど克明に見える。さらに、モスクワじゅうを大混乱に陥れる荒唐無稽さをたぐり寄せてゆくと、
スターリン時代の恐怖がズルズル剥けだしてくる。裸エプロンのメイドや全裸のメイドが豚に乗って飛び回るシーンが圧巻。非常に映像的で、疾走感覚あふれまくりで、アドレナリンだかドーパミンだか脳汁があふれ出すこと請合う。
不遇をかこち、ついに日の目を見なかった著者ブルガーコフの強烈なカウンターとして読んでもいいし、「夢に出るリアル」を味わってもいい、傑作認定。
■ アブサロム、アブサロム！（ウィリアム フォークナー） [ レビュー ]
「 文学」なのにもかかわらず、どろり濃厚なミステリとして読んだ。物語そのものが語りだす声を訊くことができるぞ。
舞台はアメリカ南北戦争の時代。「ある出来事」を要に、独白・告白・伝聞を用いて、語り手のさまざまな立場で述べられる。同じ描写、同じシーンが、微妙に異なる視点でくりかえし述べられている。ジグソーパズルを外側から埋めていくように、行きつ戻りつ「繰言」がくりかえされる。
複雑に張られた伏線と設定を読み解き、「出来事」そのものに到達するのも喜びながら、その出来事が「なぜ」引き起こされたのかを推し量るのも本書の醍醐味だろう。
ただし、最近のエンターテインメントに甘やかされた読者には、ちと辛いかも。物語は複数の語り手の視線によってさらされ、吟味されているのだから。ストーリー消化率を高める「何でも知ってる説明役」は出てこない。だから、たとえ三人称であってもだまされるなかれ。聞き手の内省であったり対話（!）だったりするのだから。
■ 虎よ、虎よ！（アルフレッド・ベスター） [ レビュー ]
「 スペース・ファンタジー」というべきSF。あるいは、「この未来はもう見ているぞ！」と叫びそうになる。
1956年に発表されているので、その影響を受けた作品から間接的に知っている世界に既視感覚ありまくり。石ノ森章太郎の「加速装置」や、スティーヴン・キングの「ジョウント」の本家はこれだったんだーと狂喜乱舞する。他にも説明抜きでじゃんじゃん投入されるアイディアは、ぜんぜん古さを感じない。
物語自体が強烈な迫力と磁力と理力を帯びたハリケーンみたいで、ぼんやり読んでると跳ばされる。男の情念の炎にゃ、読み手の「手」も焼かれること間違いなし。冒頭で突きつけられた、主人公を燃え狂わせる「動機」は物語全体を横切り、結末にぶつかって粉々になる。その軌跡がスゴい。
ブッ飛ん だSFに、振り落とされないように読むべし。
■ ザ・ロード（コーマック・マッカーシー） [ レビュー ]
ピューリッツァー賞を受賞した傑作…だけど、昨年のスゴ本2007に入れた「血と暴力の国」とは手触りがちがう。運命なんてクソの役にもたたないものだと思い知らされたわたしにしては、このラストは衝撃を受けた。マッカーシー「らしくない」ってね。
終末世界で人として生きるのは、かなり難しい。カタストロフ後の世界を旅する、父と子の物語。強奪と喰人が日常化した生き残りを避けて、南へ南へ――食べ物を求めて?
食べられないように? 残った弾丸の数を数えながら、こんな地獄ならいっそ――
わたしと同じことを、この「父」も考える。
文体はかなりクセがある。地の文から句読点を外し、会話をくくるかっこ「
」を廃した、全編独白のような文体は、慣れるのに苦労するかも。来年あたり、マッカーシーのNo.1と誉れ高い" Blood Meridian " の邦訳が出てくるだろうか――ここ数年はマッカーシー祭りになりそうだな。
■ シャド ー81 （ルシアン・ネイハム） [ レビュー ]
スリルとスケールたっぷりのスゴ本。
プロットはシンプル。最新鋭の戦闘機が、ジャンボ旅客機をハイジャックする。犯人はジャンボ機の死角にぴったり入り込み、決して姿を見せない。姿なき犯人は、二百余名の人命と引き換えに、莫大な金塊を要求する。
シンプルであればあるほど、読者は気になる、「じゃぁ、どうやって?」ってね。完全武装の戦闘機なんて、どっから調達するんだ?
誰が乗るんだ ? 身代金の受け渡し方法は?
だいたい戦闘機ってそんなに長いこと飛んでられないよ!――なんてね。
本書の面白さの半分は、この表紙を「完成」させるまでの極めて周到な計画にある。一見無関係のエピソードが巧妙に配置され、意外な人物がそれぞれの立場から表紙の一点に収束していく布石はお見事としかいいようがない。
そして、もう半分は、表紙が「完成」された後だ。ハイジャッカーと旅客機のパイロット、航空管制官の緊張感あふれるやりとりや、大迫力のスペクタクルシーンなど、見所たっぷりだが、時代がアレなだけに映画化不能だね。
■ 妖女サイベルの呼び声（パトリシア・マキリップ） [ レビュー ]
極上のファンタジー 。
キャラとイベントで物語を転がす濫製ファンタジーの対極にある。「ファンタジー」なんて、しょせん剣と魔法、光と闇の活劇でしょ?
――なんて、ファンタジーを見くびってた。誤ってた。
予めお約束のコードがあって、そいつをどんなパラメーターでなぞるかでヴァリエーションを増やす。そんな固定化した観念がまるっきり見当違いだったことを思い知らされる。この物語はファンタジーでしか書けないし、テーマはファンタジーを、（少なくともわたしが勝手にファンタジーだと思いこんでた範囲を） 完全に超えている。
かといって、テーマが深遠だとかフクザツだとかいうわけではない。魔法使いサイベルが、人の心と愛を知り、そしてそれゆえに苦悩し、破滅へ向かおうとする話。お約束の台本どおりに進まない心理劇を眺めている気分になる。
粗製乱用ファンタジーに慣れきった人が読むと、アタマガツンとやられる。ピンとこない人には、ハヤカワFT（ファンタジー）文庫の第一作だったことや、世界幻想文学大賞が創設された1975年、最初に受賞したのが本作だったことを指摘しておく。そうそう、「コーリング」という名前でマンガ化されているが、こいつも極上だったぞ。
┌―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
│□□□
│□□□ 劇薬小説・トラウマン ガ
│□□□
└―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
ことしの劇薬モノは、即クるものではなかったな。読んでて、即、吐気におそわれるよりも、後々になって歯痛のように引っ張るものばかり。読むときは、覚悟してどうぞ。
■ ジェローム神父（マルキ・ド・サド×澁澤龍彦×会田誠） [ レビュー ]
澁澤龍彦 の 「ホラー・ドラコニア少女小説」の5冊をイッキ読みしたんだが、なかでも最もエロティックかつ残虐・極悪・非道なのがコレ。エロスって幻想的で具体的だな、と実感できる。あるいは、「まっとうな狂気」に出会える。
まず表紙。ポニーテールの少女（全裸）が、アッケラカンとした笑顔で見上げている。ただし両手足は切断されており、ぐるぐる包帯からにじむ血肉（腐肉?）と蝿が生々しい。あるいは挿絵。少女の腹を指で押すと、股間の割れ目からイクラがぽろぽろと出てくる「とれたてイクラ丼」は目を見張る。
んで、中身。恋人どうしの若い男女を連れ出し、まず男を射殺。そして女を姦するのだが、ただじゃすまないのがサド節。小枝やトゲのある蔓で女の柔らかい場所を刺したり痛めつける。男の死体を切り裂いて、そこから心臓を抜き取り、娘の顔を汚す。あまつさえ心臓の幾片かを無理やり娘の口のなかに押し込んで、噛んでみろと命令する。
ただ処女をレイプするだけじゃもの足りなくて、自分がイク瞬間に女をメッタ刺しにする。悶死する肉体がケイレンし、収縮するさまが、えもいわれぬ恍惚感をひきおこすそうな。普通人はドンビキする話なので、読・ん・で・は・い・け・な・い・。
■ ブラッドハーレーの馬車（沙村広明） [ レビュー ]
Wikipediaによると、 「赤毛のアンのような作品を描きたい」という作者の希望により連載が開始されたそうだが、「赤毛のアン」を陵辱する、読み手の心を引き裂く話。
はじまりは、孤児院。身寄りのない少女たちの憧れは、ブラッドハーレー歌劇団。1年に1度、容姿に恵まれたものが選ばれ、資産家・ブラッドハーレー家の養女として迎えられる。貴族としての生活や、歌劇団で華々しく活躍することを夢見る少女たち。
本気で読む気なら、予備知識はこのくらいで。ただし、「劇薬注意」とだけ添えておく。帯の説明は地雷なので、外しておこう。沙村広明版「キャンディ・キャンディ」のつもりで扉を開いた。おかげで、こうかはばつぐんだ。
第一章を読んだだけで、みるみる顔色が変わっていくのが自分でわかる。血の気が引いて、戻ってこない。体が冷たくなってくる。どうやったって「おもしろがって」読めないし、フィクションだよね、ネタなんだよねとつぶやきながら見る・観る・視る――目が張り付いて離れない。陵辱の陰惨さだけでなく、よくぞこんな話をつくりおったとため息がとまらない。
不慣れな人は手を出さない方が吉。劇薬好きは――もう読んでるね。
本書は 「たまごまごごはん」さんとこで知った。「帯はネタバレ」予告ありがとうございます、おかげで血の凍る思いをしました。さらに、プリキュア等におけるスパッツ女子主義は開眼させられました、ぱんつや中身に拘泥していた自分の未熟さを思い知らされます。
┌―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
│□□□
│□□□ このマンガがスゴ い2008
│□□□
└―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
■ 石の花（坂口尚） [ レビュー ]
「 アドルフに告ぐ」級の傑作。読め（命令形）。
1941年、ナチスによって寸断されたユーゴスラビアを舞台に、戦乱に巻き込まれてゆく少年を軸にした群像劇。アウシュビッツ収容所で、レジスタンスの戦場で、二重三重スパイの現場で、極限状況にありながら理想を求める生き様が生々しく描かれる。
最初に釘刺しておく。読者がいちばん不満に思うのは、何らかのカタルシスが得られないだろう。というのも、善悪正邪の構図に片付かないからだ。悲痛な叫びもドス黒い血潮も、何も贖うことなく話は進む。
もしも、単純に「ナチス=悪」を討つといったハリウッド的展開であれば、もっと分かりやすかったかもしれない。「『地獄の黙示録』を凌駕する山岳戦」といった惹句があるが、そういう見所はたっぷりあるからね。大義名分は決まっているので、戦争活劇のフレームに押し込んでしまうこともできる。
しかし、7つの国境、6つの共和国、5つの民族、4つの言語、3つの宗教、2つの文字、1つのユーゴスラビアを描くには、そんなにカンタンな構図で収まるはずもない。それぞれの側で苦悩があり、希望と絶望がないまぜになっている。それぞれの立場で自己欺瞞にもだえながら、終わらない地獄絵図を歩み続ける。
圧倒的な物語を、読むべし、読むべし、読むべし。
■ おもいでエマノン（梶尾真治 + 鶴田謙二） [ レビュー ]
彼女とのわずかなひとときと、その「おもいで」を大切にして生きること。
すんなり伸びた肢体、長い髪、おおきな瞳、そばかす――ちょっとエキセントリックな彼女には、くわえ煙草が似合う。鶴田謙二氏が「SFオールタイムヒロイン」というのもむべなるかな。わたしのSFオールタイムヒロインのベスト3はこれ。
エマノン（おもいでエマノン/梶尾真治+鶴田謙二）
コーティー・キャス（たったひとつの冴えたやりかた/ティプトリーJr.）
芳山和子（時をかける少女/筒井康隆）
傷心をかかえた「ぼく」と怖いくらい共鳴しながら読む。物語を消費するのではなく一体化する感覚。思い入れが強すぎて、レビューよりも、思い出話をしたくなる。マンガ読んでこんなに切ない気持ちになったのは久しぶり。そうそう、月刊COMICリュウで再開してるね。カラー見開きで「あれ」みて鼻血たれたことは秘密だ。
┌―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
│□□□
│□□□ 世界観をひっくりかえすノンフィクショ ン
│□□□
└―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
■ 中国臓器市場（城山英巳） [ レビュー ]
中国の臓器移植は、 「 早い・安い・うまい」だという。
まず、早さ。肝臓や腎臓移植であれば、早くて1週間、遅くとも1ヶ月以内、心臓や肺移植でも1ヶ月以内にドナーが決まる。主要都市まで飛行機で数時間、ドナーが出れば、その場で飛べる。
次に、安さ。腎臓移植を日本人が米国で受けると、1,600－2,000万円だが、中国なら600-750万円。肝臓移植の場合、米国7,000万-1億円に比べ、中国なら1,300-1,800万円でいける。渡航費や滞在費も考慮すると、圧倒的に安い。
そして、うまさ。腎臓移植の場合中国国内で年間5000例以上、米国に次ぐ世界第2位の移植大国。移植医療は数をこなしてなんぼの世界、一大市場を築く中国は、物量共に他を圧倒している。
この移植先進国を支えているのは、毎年1万人執行される死刑囚だという。交通事故などによる「不慮の死」によって突発的にドナーがもたらされる某国とは、かなり違う。実際、中国のドナーの9割が死刑囚で、そのメリットは大きい。
要するにこうだ。若くて健康な臓器が用意でき、事前検査を行うため、肝炎やエイズウィルスなどの感染リスクはないし、死刑執行の日時や場所が事前にわかるため、摘出直後の移植が可能だ。おまけに、死刑は毎年大量に執行されるため、ドナーが途切れることがない。
まさにオイシイとこだらけなのが中国臓器市場。その光と闇が徹底的に描かれている。もちろんドナーを求める代表は日本人だ。眉をひそめる方もいるかもしれないが、いつ自分もどうなるかわからない。揺さぶりをかけるように、中国での移植サポートをしている日本人は、こう問うんだ。
アメリカで移植を受けると美談として扱われ、
フィリピンで移植すると臓器売買だと罵られ、
中国だと倫理問題はどうなのだと問い詰められる
自分の問題だと意識しにくい場合は、自分の子を思い浮かべてみる。すると――劇薬小説「闇の子供たち」と同じ悲劇になるかと。
■ 冷血（トルーマン・カポーティ） [ レビュー ]
謳い文句 は 「
ノンフィクション・ノヴェルの金字塔」。アメリカの片田舎で、一家4人が射殺された。父、母、息子、娘はロープで縛られ、至近距離から散弾銃で顔や頭を破壊されていた。犯人は二人の若者で、彼らの運命も既にわかっている。著者カポーティは、感情や評価を極力廃し、徹底的に事実を積み重ねる。「what」や「how」を追求することで「why」をあぶりだしているのがスゴい。
犯行状況を時系列の外に置き、調書を取る対話で生々しく表現したり、「なぜ若者が犯行に及んだか」はズバリ書かず、手記や調書から浮かび上がるようにしている。「書き手である自分」を、地の文から取り除くことに成功している。カポーティはノンフィクション・ノヴェルと呼んでいるが、レポートやドキュメントを読まされる感覚。読んだ「あなた」が判断せよ、というやつ。
■ コンゴ・ジャーニー（レドモンド・オハンロン） [ レビュー ]
コンゴの奥地へ恐竜を探しにいく、とんでもない旅行記。臨場感たっぷりの破天荒さに、最初は小説だと思ってた…が、これが本物のノンフィクションだと知ってのけぞった。
著者のレドモンド・オハンロンは、筋金入りの探検家。いわゆる、イカダで太平洋を渡ったり、犬ぞりで極北を目指すジャーナリスティックな冒険家ではない。「○○が見たい、だから行く、どんなことをしてでも」と、自分の好奇心を満足させるために全財産を投げ打つようなタイプだ。
蚊、ノミ、ダニ、シラミ、ナンキンムシ、アブ、ブユ、ツェツェバエ――血と汗を吸い、皮膚の下にタマゴを生みつけようとするやつら。爪の間や性器に入り込もうとする線虫・回虫・寄生虫もあなどれない。そしてゴキブリ！ベッドマットを持ち上げたらゴキブリがざーっとあふれ出る場面は全身トリハダ立ちまくり。
マラリア、眠り病、梅毒、イチゴ腫、エイズ、エボラ出血熱、コレラ――
描写のいちいちが克明で、読んでるこっちが痒くなる。風土病や感染症だけではない、人を襲うヒョウやワニ、ニシキヘビといった猛獣について、いちいち挿話とウンチクを並べ立てる。その恐怖におののきながら、いそいそと出かけるところは笑うところなのか?
狂気と笑いが伝染してくる。後半、「旅行記」からスピンアウトしはじめる。著者狂った?
と思えるような描写もしばしば。この地に白人が長くいると、おかしくなるのかもしれないね。
本書は、 「 悪漢と密偵 」 のBaddieBeagleさん経由で知った。スゴい本を教えていただき、感謝しています。いつも冷静に淡々と紹介しているのに、「コンゴ・ジャーニー」だけ妙にチカラこめていたのが印象的でした。
■ アフリカ 苦悩する大陸（ロバート・ゲスト） [ レビュー ]
「 なぜ、アフリカは貧しいままなのか?」という問いに、ひとつの結論が出る一冊。
アフリカの貧困問題に対し教科書どおりに答えるならば、植民地時代からの搾取、不安定な政府、内戦や伝染病、人種差別、部族主義や呪術主義、インフラや教育の欠如からHIV/AIDSの跋扈――と枚挙に暇がない。
著者はこの質問に明快に答える。すなわち、政府が無能で腐敗しているからだという。私腹を肥やす権力者、国民から強奪する警察官、堂々とわいろを要求する官僚――これら腐りきった連中がアフリカを食い物にし、援助や支援が吸い取られる。資源に恵まれた国であっても同様だ。奪い合い→内戦化→国土の荒廃を招くか、あるいは、外資が採掘場所を徹底的に押さえ、オイルダラーが国民まで行き渡らない構造になっていると一刀両断している。
最貧困層のためにあるはずの援助の実態は違っており、「援助とは富裕国の貧困層から、貧困国の富裕層への富の移転にすぎない」という皮肉は、残念ながらあたっているという。ではどこへ?
わかりやすく言えば、高級ホテルで行う会議や、議員先生たちのワシントンへの出張旅費、それに外国人の援助スタッフを連れまわすためのランドクルーザーの購入費に、援助資金の多くが費やされているのである
もちろん本書だけでもってアフリカ問題を語りだすのは危険だし、そういう思考の失敗も見せてもらった。非常に興味深いことに、自説を強固に主張する方であればあるほど、その一面的な観点から一歩も出られないことがわかった。同じ愚を犯さないために、（相反する）類書をいくつか読んだが、それはそれだけアフリカ問題の巨大さを実感することとなった。
だめな国は何をやってもだめ 「 最底辺 の10億人 」
「 アフリカ・レポート」から行動する
良いニュースです、 「貧困の終焉」が可能であることが証明されました
議論よりも行動、自戒を込めて記す。
■ 17人のわたし（リチャード・ベア） [ レビュー ]
虐待で多重人格障害となった女性が、精神科医の助けにより、人格を統合する。
不謹慎な言い方だが、そこらの小説より遥かに面白い。多数の人格が生まれた理由、記憶の共有や人格の入替えメカニズム、人格を統合する方法など、物語形式で500頁みっちりと詰まっている。
彼女は発狂するか、自殺しかねないような凄惨な体験を重ねている。辛すぎる現実に潰されないよう、「自分」を守るため、恐怖や痛みを引き受ける人格がどうしても必要になる。ほとんどの人格は年を取るのをやめ、成長を拒絶し、異なった時期で時間が止まっている。そして、その時点で起きていたこと――たとえば、レイプされたこと、親が「死ねばいいのに」と言っていたこと――の中で、ずっと時をすごしている。
著者は、そのひとりひとりと話し合う。同情し、励まし、慰めるが、時には強く出ることもある。おかしくなってしまった「人格」に対してセラピーをすることもある。その過程で明らかにされる「カレン」の人格システムがスゴい。人間の強さと心の柔軟さを痛感させられる。さらに、「カレン」の統合エピソードを通じて、人格とはすなわち記憶そのものではないかという気になってくる。
本書は、渡辺千賀さんの紹介で知った、感謝感謝。「誰にも勧めないすごい本」と絶賛されていたが、ああ、確かに。劇薬耐性がないとツラいかも。
■ 夜と霧（ヴィクトール ・E・フランクル） [ レビュー ]
これはホロコーストの記録。強制収容所に囚われ、奇蹟的に生還した著者の手記。限界状況における人間の姿が、淡々と生なましく描かれる。高校のときに手にした記憶がまざまざとよみがえる（「あの写真」があまりにも恐ろしく、読むことができなかったのだ）。
目を覆いたくなるのは、その姿の痛々しさや残酷さだけではない。そんなことを合理的に効率的に推し進めていったのが、同じ人間だという事実――
このことが、どうしても信じられなかった。
でも大丈夫、今回読んだ新訳版では、「あの写真」はないから。だからといって、悲惨さはいささかも損なわれていない。丸刈り・個性の剥奪、強制労働、飢え、飢え、飢え、「世界はもうない」という感覚、ガス室、鉄条網へ向かって走る――
さまざまなメディアにコピられ、反すうされているから、隠喩としてのアウシュヴィッツのほうに馴染みがあるかも――
ボスニア・ヘルツェゴビナ紛争での " ethnic cleansing " なんて最優秀コピーだろう 。
ホロコーストの悲劇そのものよりも、そんな狂気の状況で著者がたどりついた結論のほうに目がいった。つまり、死や苦しみそのものの意義を問い、そこに無意味しか見出せないのであれば、収容所生活をサヴァイヴすることに意味などないのだ、と言い切る。もちろん、生きること、生きのびることを至上と考えるわたしには、とてもマネできない。ただ、そこへ至った著者の思考は非常に明晰で、いかなる狂いも歪みも見出せないことがわかる。
「 人間とは、ガス室を発明した存在だ。しかし同時に、ガス室に入っても毅然として祈りのことばを口にする存在でもあるのだ」――なぜ生きるのかを知っているものは、どのように生きることにも耐えうる――ニーチェの箴言を実践した一冊。
■ 数学で犯罪を解決する（キース・デヴリン） [ レビュー ]
天才数学者が犯罪者を追い詰める。アメリカのドラマ「NUMB3RS」の話だけれど、実際の事件をベースにしている。科学捜査官ならぬ数学捜査官。そのエピソードを糸口にして、元ネタとなっている様々な数学概念を解説するのが本書。サスペンスのドキドキ感と数学のエウレカ！を楽しみながら読む。
しかも、ドラマの紹介と思いきや枕にすぎず、データマイニング、オペレーションズ・リサーチ、ベイズ確率、ゲーム理論、暗号、指紋とDNA鑑定の尤度など、「数学という武器」が縦横無尽に活躍している。ドラマとはいえ、ホントに「囚人のジレンマ」を使って数学による裏切りの説得をするトコなんて爆笑もの。理論的な下支えといった裏方的仕事ではなく、数学が直接現場に役立っているところがスゴい。
もちろん、数学を武器として扱うため（捜査に役立たせるため）には、地道な裏取り調査や正規化された膨大なデータが必要だ。しかし、そうしたデータの大海から結果を出すためには、数学的にアタマを使う必要がある。
つまり、重要な要素だけに集中して、他は無視すること。一見複雑な問題を、少数の主要変数に還元すること。変数の振る舞いから、問題の本質をつかまえ、表現すること。言うのはカンタンだが、やるのは難しい。パターン化って言い換えてもいいかも。
文字どおり、数学を武器にする一冊。わが子が「数学なんて役に立たない」なんて言いだしたら渡そう。本書は、山形浩生さん経由で知った。スゴい本を教えて（訳して）いただき、感謝、感謝。
┌―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
│□□□
│□□□ 仕事に使える純 度100 パ ーセントの原 液
│□□□
└―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
本屋に行って、ビジネス書がひしめいている棚を眺めるのは愉しい。赤・黄・緑、デハデハしい表紙に極太ゴシックの書体や、顔・キャラ・惹句など、ありとあらゆるマーケティング手法が駆使されており、非常に勉強になる。
で、半年ぐらい経ってから、同じ棚に行ってみるとさらに愉しい。生き残っているものは壊滅状態で、目に付くものといえば、半年前に目に付いたものと同じ本だから。時間は残酷だね。
ここでは、そんな時間の淘汰に耐えうる／耐えてきたスゴ本をご紹介。そのまま仕事にコピーできるようなヤワなやつじゃなく、咀嚼が必要。紹介した以上、わたし自身、猛精進しないとね。
■ 影響力の法則（アラン ・R・コーエン） [ レビュー ]
肩書、権威はないが、うまく周りを巻き込んだり上司を動かして、結果を出せる人がいる。いっぽう、呼び名は何であれ、その役職名に見合った影響力を発揮できない人がいる。いわゆる、「部下をちゃんと使えない上司」というやつ。両者の違いが戦略レベルで理解することができる。
本書は、当人の肩書・権威とは別に、仕事をする上で充分な影響力を行使するための法則と方法がまとめてある。やり方を知っている人にはアタリマエというか、当然のコトばかりなんだけれど、ここまで徹底しているのは初。
チャルディーニ 「影響力の武器」という名著がある。いかにYESを言わせるかを徹底分析しており、人間が社会的証明、権威、希少性などひっかかりやすいことが、これでもかというほどあらわにしている。これは人間関係間の影響力について「開いて」書いてある本で、交渉や対話の場に応用できるテクニック本として有益だろう。
いっぽう本書は、ビジネスの場に「閉じた」指南書で、より具体的で実践に即したものとなっている。個々の対話ではなく、より戦略的に相手に影響を与えるための方法論なのだ。「武器」が個対個を想定したナイフや銃器であるならば、本書は爆撃機やミサイルなど、より広範囲なパワーを行使する、さしずめ「影響力の兵器」といったところ。
サブタイトルが 「現代組織を生き抜くバイブル」とあるが、看板に偽りなし。
■ プロパガンダ（アンソニー・プラトカニス） [ レビュー ]
「 だまされた」と思わせずに大衆を騙すテクニックがわんさと紹介されている。
広告・政治宣伝のからくりを見抜くスゴ本。コマーシャルで衝動買いしたり、連呼されるワンフレーズ・ポリティクスに洗脳されることはなくなるだろう。マスメディアの欺瞞を意識している方なら自明のことばかりかもしれないが、それでも、ここまで網羅され研究し尽くされているものはない。
もちろん、チャルディーニの「影響力の武器」と激しくカブってる。その研究成果が幾度も引用されており、暗黙のお返しを求める返報性の罠や、小さなものから大きなコミットメントを求める一貫性の自縄自縛のテクニックなんて、そのまんまだ。
しかし、破壊力が違う。 「 影響力の武器」を一言であらわすならば、「相手に Yesといわせる」ことを目的としているが、本書はそれに加えて「相手を説得し、積極的に賛同させる」ことがテーマなのだ。さらに、一人ふたりではなく、大衆レベルで実現しようとしている。あたかも自分自身の考えであるかのように、自発的に受け入れるように仕向けるテクニックが「プロパガンダ」なのだ。
誉め言葉としては最悪かもしれないが、ナチスやカルトを興すノウハウが沢山ある。広告や政治家に騙されないことを目的としている本だが、それに限らず、自分の営業活動に応用したり、モテるテクニックとして悪用（?）も可能だ。
■ マネジメント （P・F・ドラッカー） [ レビュー ]
ビジネス書というより鈍器だったドラッカーの主著が、新訳で4分冊のハンディタイプで出た。これはニュースといってもいい。
マネジメントとは何か、生産性とは何か、企業とは、責任とは――マネジメントの原則がわかる、いわば原液のような本がこれ。
「 生産性とは何か」について、ドラッカーの答えはシンプルだ。「生産性は、貢献で測れ」という。そして、何がどう貢献したかについて、マネージャーが注意深く考え直すことで、生産性について正しく定義できると述べている。
つまり、生産性を定義づけるものは、企業にとっての貢献であり、何を貢献と見做すかは、企業によって違うはず。ホントにコードを量産するだけで許されるような企業なら――もしあればだけど――単位あたりのコード量こそ生産性を測るモノサシとしていいだろう
そして、「貢献」という言葉を使うとき、必ず「○○に貢献した/する」と目的語が必要だ。その目的語こそが、目標になる。そして、目標を決める際、「自社の事業は何か、将来の事業は何か、何であるべきか」という問いを元にせよという。
この問いは、幾度も読み手に突きつけられる。既存の製品、サービス、業務プロセス、市場、最終用途、流通チャネルなどを体系的に分析し、現在も有用性を備えているだろうか?
今後も顧客に価値を届けているだろうか?
人口構成、市場、技術、経済の見通しに、適合しているだろうか?
その答えが「ノー」なら撤退せよという。あるいはそれ以上資源を使わずにすます方法を考えろという。この問いを真剣に、体系的に追求し、その答えを受けて経営層が動く必要がある。ビジネスの現場をちょっと便利にするような薄っぺらな本ではなく、本書が使えるようにふるまいなさい、そう後押しされる本。
┌―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
│□□□
│□□□ 2008 年 のNo.1スゴ本
│□□□
└―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
え、選べねぇ…ジェニファー・ビールスとジェニファー・コネリーとジェニファー・アニストンから選ぶくらい難しいので、3つ挙げる。そのうち、ムリヤリつけるなら、3つめが今年のNo.1になる。
■ なぜ私だけが苦しむのか（H.S.クシュナー） [ レビュー ]
ひとサマに向かって命令口調で上から目線で、「ぜったい読め！」という本は、あまりない。なぜなら、シュミも考え方も違うあなたに、「ぜったい」なんてないのだから。
けれども本書は例外だ。 「たったいま、ぜったい読んでおけ」と言い切れる。なぜなら、あなたの人生は平凡で順風である保障はないから。トラブルも悲劇も無縁なままだとは限らないから。耐えられないほど辛いめにあったとき、心が壊れそうな気持ちにとらわれたとき、本書のことを思い出してほしい。ひょっとすると、そんなときはほぼ錯乱して書名すら覚えていないかもしれない。
だから、いまのうちに読んでおいて欲しい。そう断言できる。本書はあなたの保険になるんだ。
心に痛みを抱きながら、日々なんとかしのいでいる人がいる。あるいは、「なぜ私がこんな酷い目に遭うのか?」と悲嘆に暮れている人がいる。突然、わが身に降りかかった災厄──病や事故、わが子や配偶者の死──から立ち直れない人がいる。そんな人にとって、伝統的な宗教はあまり役に立っていない。「神がいるというのに、なぜ、善良な人に悪いことが起きるのか？ 」 この問いかけに答えたのが本書。
そんな人びとにとって、いちばん重要なのは、ただ「あなたは一人じゃない」と伝えることだという。ただ、一緒にいて、黙って聞いてあげる。苦しむ人がなんの罪もなく、何のいわれもなく不幸に見舞われていることを認めてあげる。時には、そうした不条理そのものを共に苦しみ、共に怒りを燃やすこと。そして、「あなたは孤独ではない」と伝えること――そこに至るまでの思考が、著者自身の辛い経験を交えて語られる。
本書は、苦しいことにであったときの「処方箋」ではない。苦しいことは避けることもなくすこともできないのだから（できる程度の苦しみなら本書は不要）。本書は、苦しいことにどう応ずればよいのか、そのヒントを与えてくれる。自分の人生のなかで、ゆっくりと読んで使って欲しい。もちろん、本書が役立たないような人生なら、これほどありがたいことはないのだが…
これを教えてもらったのはfinalventさん、ありがとうございます。「○○がいいなら△△を読め」なんて、finalventさんの十八番ですな。
■ アラビアの夜の種族（古川日出男） [ レビュー ]
おもしろい物語を読みたいか ?
ならこれを読め！【完徹保障】だッ！
――と自信をもって断言できる身も心もトリコになる極上ミステリ。物語好きであればあるほど、本好きであればあるほど、ハマれる。抜群の構成力、絶妙な語り口、そして二重底、三重底の物語…このトシになって小説で徹夜するなんて、実に久しぶりだ。
これは、陰謀と冒険と魔術と戦争と恋と情交と迷宮と血潮と邪教と食通と書痴と閉鎖空間とスタンド使いの話で、千夜一夜とハムナプトラとウィザードリィとネバーエンティングストーリーを足して2乗したぐらいの面白さ。そして、最後の、ホントに最後のページを読み終わって――――――驚け!
それまで、検索厳禁な（amazonレビューも見てはいけない）。それから、明日の予定がない夜に読むべし、でないと目ぇ真っ赤にして、その予定をキャンセルすることになるから、もちろん続きを読むために、ね。
■ 銃・病原菌・鉄（ジャレド ダイアモンド） [ レビュー ]
「 東大、京大、北大、広大の教師が新入生にオススメする100冊」の第一位。
世界の富や権力は、なぜ現在あるような形で分配されてしまったのか?
たとえば、なぜヨーロッパの人々がアフリカや南北アメリカ、オーストラリアを征服し、どうしてその逆ではないのか?
この究極の問いをとことんまで追いかける。
最初は違いがなかったはずだ。今から13,000年前、最終氷河期が終わった時点では、人類は世界各地でみな似たり寄ったりの狩猟採集生活をしていた。それが16世紀には、南アメリカ大陸のインカ帝国をユーラシア大陸からやってきたスペイン人が征服するまでになる（表紙にもあるとおり、インカ帝国の絶対君主であったアタワルパの捕獲は、ヨーロッパ人によるアメリカ大陸の征服を象徴している）。
その直接の原因は、スペイン人が持ってきた「銃・病原菌・鉄」であった。銃で殺し、結核で殺し、サーベルで殺した血の歴史になる。だが、著者は地球を逆回転させる。「では、なぜ『銃・病原菌・鉄』を持てたのか?
紀元前11,000年から西暦1,500年の間で、何がおこっていたのか」を突き詰める。
その謎解きがスゴい。単に仮説を積み重ねてストーリーをつむぎだす「物語作家」ではなく、科学者が見た人類史であるところがミソなんだ。必ず客観的データによって検証を行っている。仮説を裏付けるエビデンスのひとつひとつは、炭素年代測定法やDNA解析を用いた科学的手法に裏付けられており、強い説得力を持っている。
数千～数万年単位の歴史を、猛スピードでさかのぼり、駆け下りる。大陸塊を横長・縦長で比較しようとする巨大視線を持つ一方で、たった16キロの海峡に経だれられた文化の断絶ポイントを示す。時間のスケールを自在にあやつり、Google
Earth をグルグルまわす酩酊感と一緒。
地球酔いしそうな人類史から明かされる「富の偏在」の謎――それは、驚くとともに納得できるだけの理由をもっている。
┌―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
│□□□
│□□□ おわり に
│□□□
└―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
昔の 「この本がスゴい！」をならべてみるとわかる。みてくれ、昔のリストは質量とも貧弱だったのが、あなたのおかげでこんなに充実するようになった。
この本がスゴい！2007
この本がスゴい！2006
この本がスゴい！2005
この本がスゴい！2004
もちろん請われるがままに諾々と読んできたわけではなく、自分好みの取捨選択と偏りがあったことはいうまでもない。けれども、自分がつくった壁の内側で深堀をつづけ、自分の世界の王様気分に耽るよりは、その壁を破り・超え・無効化できた。
それは、わたしが知らないスゴい本を教えてくれた、あなたのおかげ。偏り上等！煽り上等！ただし、重心をどんどんうつしていこう。来年も、あなたを探して、信じて、あおられて、スゴい本を見つけていくよ。
なぜなら、わたしが知らないスゴ本は、きっとあなたが読んでいるのだから。
( full disclosure : I work for the Courage Campaign )
Last night , news broke that the the Prop 8 campaign -- after first denying it -- admitted to sending certified letters to companies that donated to " No on 8 " and Equality California ( one of the major funders of the No campaign ) demanding that the companies provide a matching donation to Yes on 8 , or they would be " outed . "
ProtectMarriage.com , a group that includes Mark Jansson , a self - described member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints :
sent a certified letter this week asking companies to withdraw their support of Equality California , a nonprofit organization that is helping lead the campaign against Proposition 8 .
" Make a donation of a like amount to ProtectMarriage.com which will help us correct this error , " reads the letter .
" Were you to elect not to donate comparably , it would be a clear indication that you are in opposition to traditional marriage .
...
The names of any companies and organizations that choose not to donate in like manner to ProtectMarriage.com but have given to Equality California will be published . "
Ballsy no ?
And verging on illegal .
Unfortunately , it is just the latest in a series of lies , smears and distortions from the Prop 8 campaign and in particular the Mormon Church .
The story broke just hours after the Courage Campaign launched a petition to Church of Latter - day Saints President - Prophet Thomas Monson to cease funding the misguided " Yes on 8 " campaign .
The Mormon Church has spent the last three months intimidating their members into giving money to " Yes on Prop 8 " -- which would take marriage rights away from same - sex couples -- telling Mormon families that their " souls will be in jeopardy " if they do not contribute portions of their income .
Members of the Mormon Church have contributed a whopping $ 8 million to the " Yes on 8 " campaign -- about 40 % of the total amount raised as of October 13 -- to pass a ballot measure that removes basic civil rights from our state constitution .
And what has this money bought ?
A pernicious pack of lies , broadcast dozens of times a day into California homes .
A church whose ninth commandment reads " thou shalt not bear false witness " is helping fund false ads that claim California parents do not have the right to remove their children from sex education classes -- a right they have and that courts have repeatedly confirmed .
Yesterday , California State Superintendent of Public Instruction Jack O'Connell expressed his strong opposition to Prop 8 in a hard - hitting TV ad , emphatically reminding voters that " our schools are n't required to teach anything about marriage . "
In fact , every education authority in the state has rejected the lies and distortions of the Prop 8 campaign , including the California Teachers Association and the California School Boards Association .
It 's time for Californians to fight back against these dishonest attacks by the religious right .
On Tuesday , we will deliver a letter to President - Prophet Thomas Monson at the Los Angeles Mormon Temple , demanding that his church stop funding the blatant lies of the " Yes on 8 " campaign .
Please show your support by signing onto our letter right now .
Wow .
Not too bad .
Seems like most COMs these days rip off the iPhone in one way or another ( like all the finger swiping and gestures etc ) .
But , but , but , where 's the browser ?
That 's the key point methinks .
Jon Danielsson , Gylfi Zoega
Some view Iceland ’s crisis as holding lessons for any country with an outsized financial sector , e.g. the UK .
This column disagrees , arguing that Iceland ’s downfall is explained by the way its unique history , inappropriate policy responses , and weaknesses in EU banking regulations created a perfect storm , unlikely to happen elsewhere .
Iceland underwent a systemic crisis in October last year , the only developed economy to do so in recent decades .
The fate of Iceland is sometimes taken as an indication of what might happen to other countries with an outsized financial
sector , such as the UK .
However , the main factors in Iceland ’s downfall can be explained by its unique history , inappropriate policy responses , and weaknesses in EU banking regulations , conspiring to make a perfect storm , unlikely to happen elsewhere .
Our study of the Icelandic collapse , available here , provides the details .
Historical background
Traditionally , the Icelandic economy was more regulated and politicised than economies in most other Western countries .
Economic management was more based on discretion than rules , with tight connections between private sector firms and political parties .
The banking system was politicised with access to capital based on nepotism and political connections .
Government control over the economy has reduced over time , with key events being the joining of the European Free Trade Association and then the European Economic Area in the early 1990s .
The latter meant that Iceland got extensive access to European markets and adopted European regulations .
Iceland did however retain to some extent its discretionary approach to economic management , and its key institutions , such that the Central Bank and the financial regulator remained weaker than in most of its European counterparts .
Betting on banking
The Icelanders decided a few years ago that their economic future lay in banking and privatised and deregulated their banking system .
The banks passed into the hands of individuals with little experience of modern banking , while supervision remained weak .
The role models were easy to find , other small countries , such as Luxembourg and Switzerland have done quite well out of banking .
What the Icelanders forgot was that those countries have centuries worth of experience running banks and the associated infrastructure , while Iceland has less than a decade .
The banks passed into the hands of individuals with extensive business interests .
The result was a system of cross holdings , with liquidity needs being met within the group .
The banks retained tight connections to the political superstructure .
The banks , with strong government support , proceeded to take advantage of ample capital in international markets to fuel high degrees of leverage and exponential growth , eventually growing 10 fold in just over four years to a size of about ten times the economy .
Iceland ’s institutional structure lagged behind developments in the banking sector .
Neither the Central Bank nor the financial regulator developed the necessary infrastructure , nor did they receive the necessary independence and backup from the authorities to fulfil their duties adequately .
This is manifested by the fact that while the assets of the banking system grew 900 % as a fraction of GDP from 2003 to 2007 , contributions to the financial regulator only grew by 47 % .
It is now clear that the government at the time committed a classic mistake in deregulation , allowing the financial sector to undertake high - risk activities without adequate regulatory structure .
The hedge fund in the North Atlantic
The growth in the banking system affected the entire economy , with many firms and even households adopting their business model of extreme leverage driving asset acquisitions .
The country decided to stake its economic future on international banking , with all of the inherent risks ignored .
It did not have institutional structure to adequately supervise the banking system nor develop the ability to provide lending of last resort services .
Iceland was in effect turned into a hedge fund sitting in the middle of the North Atlantic .
It is not like the country was poor and needed high risk activities to grow .
Iceland was already an affluent economy and had reached the income per capita levels of Germany , France and the UK in year 2000 before the banking sector expanded .
Unstable banking system
The three main Icelandic banks were tightly interconnected .
They did business with many of the same firms , were all dependent to a varying extent on the same macroeconomy , and where perceived by international capital markets as being highly related .
A difficulty in one bank directly affected confidence in the other banks , affecting access to liquidity , and perhaps triggering bank runs .
The three banks accounted for about 85 % of Iceland ’s financial system and there was no doubt that their failure would have catastrophic effects for the Icelandic economy .
Eventually , their hubris caught up with them .
The banks started having problems borrowing in wholesale markets , and decided that opening up high interest savings accounts in the UK and elsewhere in Europe was a good idea .
The Icelandic banks , with government permission , used European savers to provide the liquidity they could not obtain from the better - informed banking system .
Unheeded warnings
There were ample warnings that something was amiss .
In addition to papers and interviews with local economists , a natural starting point is a critical report from the Danske bank 2006 .
Aliber in May 2008 described Iceland ’s banking expansion as the most rapid in the history of banking , and predicted the banks ’ imminent demise .
Buiter and Sibert 2008 focused on the banks ’ liquidity problems caused by the absence of a credible lender of last resort .
By contrast , official reports were more favourable .
The financial stability report of the Central Bank of Iceland in ( April , 2008 ) indicated that the economy was in a good state .
The Icelandic Chamber of Commerce commissioned two reports , combining local economists with international celebrities to write reports that painted the Icelandic economy and its banking system in favourable terms , see Herbertsson and Mishkin ( 2006 ) and Baldursson and Porters ( 2007 ) .
While documenting the strengths of the Icelandic economy was a worthwhile task and necessary for the maintenance of confidence in its banking system , such reports may have blinded policy makers to the coming storm .
Regulatory capture
The instability of the banking system appears to have caused little concerns from the authorities .
Why this is the case is unclear .
After all , both the financial regulator and the Central Bank had or should have had ample information on the stability of the banks as well as the legal ability and obligation to prevent destabilising banking .
The best explanation seems to be regulatory capture .
This went as far as the financial regulator even participating in the Landsbanki ’s marketing of internet accounts in the Netherlands only a few months before its collapse when it should have been clear that the bank was likely to fail .
If banks are too big to save , failure is a self - fulfilling prophecy
In this global crisis , the strength of a bank ’s balance sheet is of little consequence .
What matters is the explicit or implicit guarantee provided by the state to the banks to back up their assets and provide liquidity .
Therefore , the size of the state relative to the size of the banks becomes a crucial factor .
If the banks become too big to save , their failure becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
The reasons for the failure of the Icelandic banks are in many ways similar to the difficulties experienced by many financial institutions globally , such as the seemingly unlimited access to cheap capital , excessive risk - taking , and lax standards of risk management .
The crucial difference is scale .
While many countries have their share of troubled banks , in those cases the problems are confined to only a segment of their banking system , in economies were the overall assets of the banks are much smaller relative to GDP .
In those countries the government has adequate resources to contain the fallout from individual bank failures .
Ultimately this implies that the blame for bank failures lies at home rather than internationally .
We suspect that even if the world had not entered into a serious financial crisis , the Icelandic banks would have failed .
Government ’s response – gambling for resurrection
Given the ample warnings the government had of the pending difficulties in the banking system its apparent lack of concern is surprising .
Surely the regulator and the Central Bank knew what was happening .
The only public information we have has the Central Bank and the financial regulator blaming each other , with the government claiming not to have been informed , and blaming the global economy .
We do not find his convincing .
Such a catastrophic pending failure had to have been discussed by the entire Cabinet .
We therefore cannot escape the feeling that the board and directors of the Central Bank and the financial services authority , along with senior officials there knew what was happening .
Similarly , all government ministers , along with senior bureaucrats in the ministries of finance , commerce , foreign affairs , and office of the prime minister had to have known .
Still the government failed to act .
It could have at any point taken decisions that would have alleviated the eventual outcome .
If the Government had acted prudently the economy would have been left in a much better shape .
By not addressing the pending failure of the banking system , perhaps in the hope that the instability would disappear , we cannot escape the feeling that the Icelandic authorities gambled for resurrection , and failed .
Weaknesses in European banking regulations
Iceland ’s collapse also exposes fault lines in the EEA / EU approach to banking supervision .
Regulations are Europe wide , with supervision in the hands of the home regulator , which can be problematic in the case of cross - border banking if the host supervisor does not have the necessary information and responsibilities or does not cooperate adequately with the home supervisor .
Within the EU / EEA regulations are mostly pan-European , but supervision ( enforcement ) is national .
This may lead to problems where authorities in one country see that other countries have the same regulations , and implicitly assume supervision is the same .
Politically it is ( currently ) impossible to implement Europe wide supervision .
A good example of problems that may arise is the high interest savings accounts , Icesave , set up across Europe by Landsbanki , when it was having difficulties obtaining funds in wholesale markets .
According to European Union laws , the home regulator is in charge of supervision and offers deposit insurance of at least € 20,887 , but the host supervisor may offer more , as is the case in the UK .
After the run on Northern Rock , the UK government announced that no individual UK deposit holder would lose money in the case of bankruptcy .
At the very least , this provided an implicit guarantee to Icesave depositors .
In this case it would have been essential that the UK FSA also exercised supervisory duties .
It is unclear to what extent this was done .
In addition , in the EU / EEA , deposit insurance is provided by a national insurance fund paid for by banks .
It is unclear what is supposed to happen if the national insurance fund is not sufficient .
The authorisation of the opening of cross - border savings accounts of the magnitude and risk of Icesave represents a serious failure in the decision - making process by the supervisors in Iceland and the host countries , the UK and the Netherlands and / or in EU / EEA regulations .
The supervisors in all three countries should have recognised the dangers and acted to prevent the rapid expansion of Icesave .
Ultimately supervision failed .
The notion that a country of 300,000 inhabitants could assume the responsibility of providing deposit insurance of the magnitude of Icesave is absurd .
We suspect this also casts light on another failure of cross - border banking supervision in Europe .
Host supervisors generally only observed the part of the banks operating in their country , not the overall picture .
Some of the Icelandic banks had extensive operations of various types both within Europe and outside .
Unless an individual national supervisor has a clear picture of those operations it is difficult to exercise adequate supervision .
The Icelandic regulator may have been the only supervisor that had the complete picture .
If so , the only supervisor who had the necessary information failed .
Conclusion
The Icelandic economy crashed because the financial system was deregulated and privatised without adequate supervision ; there was insufficient institutional knowledge , both within the banking system and within the government on how to run and regulate a modern banking system ; and the government failed to recognise the systemic risk of having such a large banking system .
Ultimately , when the banks were heading for failure the government opted for gambling for resurrection rather than closing the banks down .
The government ’s gamble failed and Iceland as a consequence suffered a systemic crisis .
Bibliography
Aliber , Robert ( 2008 ) , “ Monetary turbulence and the Icelandic economy ” , lecture , University of Iceland , 5 May 2008 .
Baldursson and Porters ( 2007 ) , “ The Internationalisation of Iceland ’s Financial Sector , ” The Iceland Chamber of Commerce .
Danielsson , Jon ( 2008 ) , “ The first casualty of the crisis : Iceland , ” VoxEU , 12 November .
Danielsson , Jon and Gylfi Zoega ( 2009 ) “ The collapse of a country ” , www.RiskResearch.org.
Danske Bank ( 2006 ) , titled “ Iceland : Geyser Crisis ” .
Central Bank of Iceland ( 2008 ) , Financial stability report , 25 April
Herbertsson , Tryggvi and Frederic S. Mishkin ( 2006 ) , “ Financial Stability in Iceland , ”
Zoega , Gylfi ( 2008 ) , “ Icelandic turbulence : A spending spree ends , ” VoxEU , 9 April .
Zoega , Gylfi ( 2008 ) , “ Iceland faces the music , ” VoxEU , 27 November .
1 The author of the report comments on it in the FT on October 8th 2008 , “ As a result I had to go to Reykjavik back then and got a pretty hot reception .
The Prime Minister publicly denounced our research piece , and banks issued denials . …
In essence two years ago all these problems were in the open .
Yet Icelandic authorities have not acted and the banks were not reined in ( enough ) . ”
9th February 2009
An article taken from http://riskresearch.org/ with kind approval of VoxEU.org
at least
Former McCain economic advisor Kevin Hassett has a really strange column arguing that Obama will be " a small government liberal " .
He bases this on comparing some CBO forecast of spending for fiscal 2009 with one for fiscal 2019 .
The fiscal 2009 forecast will include outlays for TARP and for the coming " stimulus package " .
This reasoning is really strange because first of all because CBO forecasts are based on the assumption of no policy changes and because unless the constitution is changed , Obama will have been out of office for2 years by 2019 .
Not to mention the fact that Obama supported TARP ( He voted for it in the Senate ) and of course the " stimulus package " which Obama without any involvement from Bush will put forward .
Yet he still wants to attribute both to Bush and none to Obama .
With advisors like that , it is little wonder that McCain lost .
Though perhaps Hassett is still grumpy about the comments McCain about him ( and other economic advisors ) so that Hassett now wants to avenge that by trying to make Obama look good .
A more rational analysis is provided here by Jim Manzi .
Even though the proposed stimulus package is supposed to address the current cyclical slump , only a small part of the increase in spending will actually be implemented in 2009 , and with nearly half being implemented after 2010 .
A much higher proportion of the tax cuts will be immediately implemented , with almost nothing remaining after 2010 .
And at that time the Bush tax cuts will expire , meaning that significant tax increases will come then .
And as Manzi points out , the risk is high that once the supposedly temporary spending programs are in place , supporters of them will argue that by extending them they 're not increasing spending , they 're avoiding cuts , something which will increase the likelihood that an even greater proportion of the spending increase will remain after 2010 , making it in effect permanent .
There are precedents for this , including how the reason the United States has farm subsidies is that the government wanted to provide " temporary " relief for farmers during the Depression of the 1930s .
That " temporary " program however is still in place .
Functional C# - Fun With Folds Thursday , February 26 , 2009
UPDATE : Added SelectMany as alternative to Flatten
Recently on Twitter , I ’ve stated that many times when explaining these functional programming terms that we do n’t get the real reason why , and I hope with some of these posts in the future to change that perception .
Instead of just showing you some examples , I ’ll try to step from imperative to functional .
In my previous adventure “ Fun With Folds ” , I explained a bit about folds as well as a challenge to rewrite some standard Haskell prelude functions as folds in both Haskell and F# .
After this , I thought to myself that I ’d give myself another challenge , this time to implement several functions as folds in C# using the Aggregate operator .
Aggregate / Fold in LINQ
If you recall from the previous post , I explained the basic notion of folds .
A fold is a higher - order function that knows how to reduce a given a sequence of elements into a single return value .
We could describe it as doing something to each value in the list , updating an accumulator as we go , and returning the value of the accumulator when we ’re finished .
There are two sorts of folds , a left fold and a right fold .
The difference is the way the data is " folded " .
The LINQ Aggregate function is an implementation of a left fold .
Let ’s look at the signatures of the Aggregate overloads to get an idea of how they work :
// Apply an accumulator function over the sequence
public static TSource Aggregate < TSource >(
this IEnumerable < TSource > source ,
Func< TSource , TSource , TSource > func ) ;
// Apply accumulator with initial seed
public static TAccumulate Aggregate < TSource , TAccumulate >(
this IEnumerable < TSource > source ,
TAccumulate seed ,
Func< TAccumulate , TSource , TAccumulate > func ) ;
// Apply accumulator with initial seed and projection
public static TResult Aggregate < TSource , TAccumulate , TResult >(
this IEnumerable < TSource > source ,
TAccumulate seed ,
Func< TAccumulate , TSource , TAccumulate > func ,
Func< TAccumulate , TResult > resultSelector ) ;
So , what can we do with this knowledge ?
Some of the easy LINQ operators that you can implement with a left fold are Sum and Count .
Let ’s implement each with a set of tests to verify behavior .
Count
The first item is to calculate the number of all items in the list .
Traditionally , in a more imperative coding style , you might calculate it in the following style :
public static int CountItems <T >(
this IEnumerable < T> items )
{
var count = 0 ;
foreach ( var _ in items )
count ++;
return count ;
}
Instead , we could implement as a left fold in order to reuse existing higher - order functions and write in a bit more functional style .
Let ’s write a test to verify the behavior of our CountItems and the Count LINQ operator .
Since these can be described as purely functional , we could write them as property - based checks ala QuickCheck .
Alas , QuickCheck does not exist for C# , so instead , we could do one better and use Pex to generate our test data and use xUnit. net to do our assertions .
Our code might look like the following :
[ PexClass ( typeof ( Extensions ) ) ]
public partial class ExtensionsSpecs
{
[ PexMethod ]
public void CountItems_should_equal_Count (
[ PexAssumeNotNull ] int [ ] items )
{
Assert.Equal( items.Count ( ) , items.CountItems ( ) ) ;
}
}
public static class Extensions
{
public static int CountItems <T >( this IEnumerable < T> source )
{
return source .
Aggregate( 0 , ( acc , x ) => 1 + acc ) ;
}
}
Sum
The second easy LINQ operator you can implement as a fold would be the Sum function .
This function simply adds all of the numbers from the sequence together from left to right .
Typically in an imperative coding style , it might look like the following :
public static int SumNums ( this IEnumerable < int > items )
{
var acc = 0 ;
foreach ( var item in items )
acc += item ;
return acc ;
}
Once again , we can eliminate the foreach loops with a fold once again in a manner very similar to above .
While using Pex , we can write our property based tests and our implementation as follows :
[ PexClass ( typeof ( Extensions ) ) ]
public partial class ExtensionsSpecs
{
[ PexMethod ]
public void SumInt_should_equal_Sum (
[ PexAssumeNotNull ] int [ ] items )
{
Assert.Equal( items .Sum ( ) , items .
SumInt ( ) ) ;
}
}
public static class Extensions
{
public static int SumInt ( this IEnumerable < int > source )
{
return source .
Aggregate ( 0 , ( acc , x ) => x + acc ) ;
}
}
This time , instead of adding one to the accumulator , we are adding the current item .
We are using a seed of 0 because if the list is empty , there will be no proper return value .
These are interesting , yet simple examples of how you can use higher - order functions to express simple operations and lets you lose that for / each loop .
But , let ’s move onto the real challenge .
The Challenge
The challenge this time is to implement other standard LINQ operators that are a little bit more challenging to express as folds .
These functions are :
Map ( Select LINQ Operator )
Filter ( Where LINQ Operator )
Append ( Concat LINQ Operator )
Flatten ( C# Implementation of the F# Seq.concat library function )
Map
The map higher - order function applies a given function to a sequence of elements and returns a sequence of the results .
In LINQ , this has been implemented as the Select function .
Typically , using sequences , a map might be implemented as follows :
public static IEnumerable <R> Map<T , R > (
this IEnumerable < T> items ,
Func<T , R> func )
{
foreach ( var item in items )
yield return func( item ) ;
}
But , just as above with the other LINQ functions , we can express this one as a fold , moreover , a right fold .
In the previous post , I showed how to express a factorial as a right fold using the LINQ Aggregate function , so we ’ll apply some of that same logic in this instance .
[ PexClass ( typeof ( Extensions ) ) ]
public partial class ExtensionsSpecs
{
[ PexMethod ]
public void Map_should_equal_Select (
[ PexAssumeNotNull ] int [ ] items )
{
Func < int , int > multiplyByTwo = x => x * 2 ;
Assert . Equal (
items.Select( multiplyByTwo ) . ToArray ( ) ,
items.Map(multiplyByTwo ) . ToArray ( ) ) ;
}
}
public static class Extensions
{
public static IEnumerable <R> Map<T , R > (
this IEnumerable < T> items , Func< T , R > proj )
{
return items .
Aggregate<T , Func< IEnumerable <R> , IEnumerable <R > >>(
x => x , ( f , c ) => x => f (( new [ ] { proj( c ) } ) .Concat( x ) ) )
( Enumerable . Empty <R >( ) ) ;
}
}
Do n’t be alarmed at what you see here .
What you need to pay attention to is inside the f function which applies the projection to c and then concatenates it to the accumulator .
You also will notice we seeded the function with an empty result list .
We can run Pex and it will verify the results that indeed they produce identical results when we apply the multiply ByTwo function to all items in the sequence
Why a right fold ?
We want to work our way from the right on the empty sequence and pre-pend our projected result onto it , this producing our sequence in proper order .
Filter
The next higher - order function we can represent is the filter function .
This function processes a given list to produce a new list which contains only those element satisfied by the predicate function .
In LINQ , this function is expressed as the Where function .
Typically , we could express this using a foreach loop much as we have with the other solutions such as this :
public static IEnumerable <T> Filter <T >(
this IEnumerable < T> items ,
Func <T , bool > pred )
{
foreach ( var item in items )
if ( pred( item ) ) yield return item ;
}
Instead , we could apply the lessons we learned from above and implement this as a right fold as well .
Let ’s review what that might look like with associated test to verify our behavior .
[ PexClass ( typeof ( Extensions ) ) ]
public partial class ExtensionsSpecs
{
[ PexMethod ]
public void Filter_should_equal_Where (
[ PexAssumeNotNull ] int [ ] items )
{
Func < int , bool > is Even = x => x % 2 == 0 ;
Assert . Equal (
items .
Where ( isEven ) . ToArray ( ) ,
items .
Filter( isEven ) . ToArray ( ) ) ;
}
}
public static class Extensions
{
public static IEnumerable <T> Filter <T >(
this IEnumerable < T> items ,
Func <T , bool > pred )
{
return items .
Aggregate<T , Func< IEnumerable <T> , IEnumerable <T >>>(
x => x , ( f , c ) => x => f( pred ( c ) ? ( new [ ] { c } ) . Concat( x ) : x ) )
( Enumerable . Empty <T >( ) ) ;
}
}
Append
The append function is a function that takes two lists and appends the second to the first .
In LINQ , this is implemented as the Concat function .
I do n’t really like the name that they used as to me , Concat means flatten , which we ’ll get to next .
Anyhow , since this is a more difficult function to express as I have above for the map and filter , let ’s skip ahead to our implementation .
[ PexClass ( typeof ( Extensions ) ) ]
public partial class ExtensionsSpecs
{
[ PexMethod ]
public void Append_should_equal_Concat (
[ PexAssumeNotNull ] int [ ] left ,
[ PexAssumeNotNull ] int [ ] right )
{
var expected = left .
Concat ( right ) ;
var result = left .
Append ( right ) ;
Assert . Equal (
expected . ToArray ( ) ,
result . ToArray ( ) ) ;
}
}
public static class Extensions
{
public static IEnumerable < T> Append<T >(
this IEnumerable < T> source ,
IEnumerable < T> other )
{
return source .
Aggregate<T , Func< IEnumerable <T> , IEnumerable <T >>>(
x => x , ( f , c ) => x => f (( new [ ] { c } ) .
Append(x ) ) ) ( other ) ;
}
}
You ’ll start to notice a pattern here .
Why am I using a right fold ?
In order to append properly , we start with the other sequence and work our way from the right , pre-pending the rightmost item from the source sequence .
We can use Pex to verify this behavior as well .
I hope you ’re starting to see a pattern in these examples .
Flatten
The final example is the flatten function .
This function takes a sequence of sequences and flattens it to a single sequence .
In F# , we use the Seq.concat function to express this .
In an imperative style , we might be able to write Concat as the following :
public static IEnumerable < T> Flatten <T >(
this IEnumerable < IEnumerable <T >> items )
{
foreach ( var x in items )
foreach ( var y in x )
yield return y ;
}
But , what we did is basically reimplement a naive implementation of the SelectMany without the projection .
Instead , we could also rewrite this using a standard LINQ SelectMany operator using a identity projection .
public static IEnumerable < T> Flatten <T >(
this IEnumerable < IEnumerable <T >> items )
{
return items.SelectMany(x => x ) ;
}
But getting back to this challenge , how might we implement this as a right fold instead ?
Again , since we ’re trying to concat to the beginning of the list from the right , this is the best way to do this .
Below is the code plus the test to assert the behavior .
[ PexClass ( typeof ( Extensions ) ) ]
public partial class ExtensionsSpecs
{
[ PexMethod ]
public void Flatten_should_concat_inners ( int [ ] [ ] items )
{
PexAssume.IsNotNull( items ) ;
PexAssume .TrueForAll( items , x => x != null ) ;
// Calculate length of array with fold
var length =
items .
Aggregate( 0 , ( acc , x ) => acc + x.GetLength( 0 ) ) ;
Assert . Equal( length , items .
Flatten ( ) . Count ( ) ) ;
}
}
public static class Extensions
{
public static IEnumerable < T> Flatten <T >(
this IEnumerable < IEnumerable <T >> items )
{
return items .
Aggregate < IEnumerable <T > ,
Func< IEnumerable <T> , IEnumerable <T >>>(
x => x , ( f , c ) => x => f( c.Concat( x ) ) )
( Enumerable . Empty <T >( ) ) ;
}
}
My test was to ensure that the number of items in the resulting sequence is equal to the sum the length of each item in the array .
Our implementation is much like the Append example above , the difference being that the c parameter is now a collection itself , so we can call the Concat method to append the x accumulator .
Conclusion
So , what did we learn here ?
By understanding the basic nature of folds , we can understand what problems it can solve for us .
Were some of the examples above the most efficient ?
Probably not , but it does give you a basic understanding of how powerful a fold can be .
By applying our knowledge of higher - order functions , we can create a lot of function reuse and rid ourselves of the explicit iterator patterns , explicit recursion and so on .
Programming in the small is where functional programming fits best and with this knowledge in hand , we can create concise and composable functions in a much more declarative manner .
C# can be an interesting language to teach some fundamental functional programming concepts as over time , it has gained more and more functional features .
Is it the best fit to apply such things as partial application and currying ?
Probably not , as it is n’t automatic and requires some work , but if we understand the basic high - order functions , we can get very far in our learning .
In a future post , I ’ll get more into testing with Pex in contrast to the FsCheck and QuickCheck implementations I ’ve done in the past with my Functional Programming Unit Testing series .
The ideas of testing our pure algorithmic code is a powerful story and I want to explore that further in both C# and F# alike .
Troika Pottery
The Troika pottery was formed in 1963 by a partnership between Benny Sirota , Leslie Ilsley and Jan Thompson hence the name and the earliest mark a three - pronged trident .
Between them they purchased the Wells Pottery based at Wheal Dream in St Ives .
The birth of this brave new venture was rather looked down on and many locals considered it something of a lame duck that would sink in months .
To be fair to the initial output of old Wells Pottery tiles , tea wares and even doorknobs did n't exactly fire the imagination .
Once the money started to flow , so did the artistic juices and this new innovative spirit was not only an artistic one , but a scientific one - well scientific in the loosest sense .
Its seems that the new team thought nothing of adding melted broken glass , emulsion paint and even slurry from tin mines into the glazes and finishes by way of experiment .
This rather engaging mix of the accidental and the fearlessly progressive did however draw it inspiration from eclectic sources .
There is a hint of Paul Klee and cubism in the abstract decoration and the influence of Constantin Brancusi in some of the larger sculptural forms .
Somehow the appearance of Aztec masks within the repertoire does n't seem so bizarre .
Perhaps the strongest resonance is with the Cornish landscape .
Whether this comes from the rugged granite like texture of most pieces or whether it is from the anvil shapes and the rectangular forms that echoed tin mines , wheelhouses and chimneys of the local industry .
Within a few years both the Heals and the Liberty 's department stores sold Troika and before long you could buy it in New York and Sydney .
A meteoric rise that saw the staff increase into double figures , a Cornish cottage industry that had gone global !
Alas when production was at a peak a move was forced upon them .
The closest appropriate site was located in Newlyn and at the end of summer 1970 Troika moved lock , stock and barrel .
Prior to the move Troika often bore the name St Ives , but afterwards despite the artistic heritage of both towns Newlyn never appeared on the base of any later pieces .
Whilst I 'm sure the occupants would be up in arms to hear , their town just was n't classy enough .
Perhaps this subsequent lack of pedigree led to the drop off in demand for the more expensive sculptural ' art house ' items , which in turn led to much of the production being switched to smaller , cheaper items that would have wider appeal to the tourist .
In fact the most popular vase from this period was a kiln filler known by the subsequently apt title as a coffin vase .
In 1978 a mixture of a national recession and Heals decision to pull the rug from under Troika saw the beginning of an inevitable decline , which eventually came in 1983 .
Ceramics
Newlyn
St Ives
Troika Pottery
Social Bookmarks
Please click the following links to flag this article to other people on the Internet .
About the Author
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Canadian fighters planes scrambled to intercept an approaching Russian bomber less than 24 hours before U.S. President Barack Obama ’s visit to Ottawa last week , Canadian Defense Minister Peter MacKay said on Friday .
A Russian Tu -95 bomber in a file photo .
REUTERS / Shamil Zhumatov
The long - range Bear bomber did not enter Canada ’s Arctic airspace but the two CF - 18 fighters had to order the plane to “ back off ” , MacKay told a news conference .
He also told reporters that Russia had not warned Canada that the flight was coming , a statement that a Russian government source in Moscow dismissed as farcical .
The Russian government source said Canada had been informed about the flight before it took off .
“ So the statements from Canada ’s defense ministry are perplexing to say the least and cannot be called anything other than a farce , ” Interfax news agency quoted the source as saying .
Canada quickly denied receiving any advance notice .
Obama spent a few hours in the Canadian capital on February 19 on his first foreign trip since becoming president .
“ I ’m not going to stand here and accuse the Russians of having deliberately done this during the presidential visit but it was a strong coincidence , which we met with the presence , as we always do , of F - 18 fighter planes ... and sent a strong signal that they should back off and stay out of our air space , ” MacKay said .
He also said Russia had stepped up its bomber flights toward the Canadian Arctic in the last few years , reviving a practice that was common during the Cold War .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Prime Minister Stephen Harper said he was very concerned by the incident .
“ I have expressed at various times the deep concern our government has with the increasingly aggressive Russian actions around the globe and into our airspace , ” he told a news conference in the western province of Saskatchewan .
“ We will defend our airspace ... we will respond every time the Russians make any kind of intrusion on the sovereignty of Canada , ” he said .
MacKay did not say exactly when the incident occurred or how close the bomber had come to Canadian airspace .
“ It ’s not a game at all .
These aircraft approaching Canadian or U.S. airspace are viewed very seriously , ” he said .
“ We have asked on a number of occasions ... that we are given a heads up when this type of air traffic is to occur and to date we have not received that kind of notice . ”
MacKay spoke after a meeting with U.S. General Gene Renuart , commander of the binational North American Aerospace Defense Command .
“ They ( the Russians ) have been professional in the way they have conducted their aircraft operations , ” Renuart said .
MacKay ’s press secretary , Jay Paxton , responding to the Russian source saying advance notice had been given , told Reuters : “ We received no warning from outside NORAD sources . ”
Ottawa has promised to spend billions of dollars boosting Canada ’s presence in the Arctic , which scientists believe has vast reserves of oil and natural gas .
“ Our intention is very much to demonstrate our sovereignty , our capability to protect our territory , our airspace , our water ( and ) our people in the Arctic , and that includes our resources , ” MacKay said .
Five countries with Arctic coastlines -- Canada , Russia , the United States , Norway , and Denmark through its control of Greenland -- have competing claims to the region .
Russia said this week it would respond to any moves to militarize the Arctic .
Ottawa -- which plans to build a deep water port in the region -- has stepped up sovereignty patrols and last August it said it would toughen reporting requirements for ships entering Canadian waters in the Far North .
The Sad State of MySQL Python
I admit it .
I was a friend of MySQL .
Two years ago MySQL was the only database server I was using at all .
Lately however I replaced nearly all applications that were still using MySQL with postgres and even SQLite .
One of the applications that is still using MySQL is Inyoka , the portal software deployed ubuntuusers .
For reasons you do n't want to know we are unable to switch the deployment setup from MySQL to postgres .
Now that would be fine if mysql - python aka MySQLdb would not suck so much .
Besides not supporting the latest MySQL features it also leaks memory a lot .
A friend of mine who discovered the problem , noticed a couple of lost megabytes the minute on ubuntuusers — that 's a lot .
That problem seems to be fixed in the SVN trunk but the latest activity there was more than 9 months ago which is a problem .
Neither the cheeseshop` ^W^W`pypi has non-leaking packages , also not Linux distributions such as debian or ubuntu .
The development blog was last updated in May of 2008 which makes me even more concerned .
Now I wonder if anyone has experience with the MySQL library and the Python API to take over the development .
I guess there are still some MySQL users left , even though the project has an incredible bad reputation lately due to problems in the release management .
As a temporary workaround I can recommend either updating to the trunk version ( which seems to be unstable according to one of the last commit messages ) or disable unicode support where the leak apparently is .
Nice libraries such as SQLAlchemy can convert bytestrings to unicode automatically on their own as well if you tell them to .
Arne Duncan , the Chicago schools chief , told the Senate on Tuesday that he would work for “ real and meaningful change ” in the nation ’s schools if confirmed as education secretary , and he said he hoped president - elect Barack Obama ’s own example as a model student could inspire millions of American children .
“ Never before has being smart been so cool , ” Mr. Duncan said .
But Mr. Duncan did little to resolve the curiosities of educators and policymakers about how he and Mr. Obama intend to bring about change in American education , which over the next year is likely to include an attempt to the rewrite the Bush - era No Child Left Behind law , the most important statement of federal policy on public schools .
“ I have seen the law ’s power and its limitations , ” Mr. Duncan said , but he provided no examples of concrete changes he will seek .
“ I agree with the president - elect that we should neither bury NCLB nor praise it without reservation . ”
In a confirmation hearing before the Senate educaiton committee , Mr. Duncan laid out a thoroughly pragmatic and non-ideological educational agenda , vowing to do “ anything that works ” to raise achievement in public schools .
The Obama Administration intends to expand early childhood programs , foster the opening of more charter schools , improve teacher training and recruitment , and increase access to college for low - income students , Mr. Duncan said .
Mr. Duncan , who is 44 , walked a careful line among rival factions of the nation ’s educational reform movement , neither fully endorsing nor rejecting those who want to squeeze teachers and administrators harder to raise student achievement , nor a rival faction that contends schools alone are not capable of closing achievement gaps between poor and affluent students without broader federal investments in school - based health clinics and other social programs .
The Senate appeared likely to give quick approval to Mr. Duncan nomination .
“ I think you ’re the best , ” said Senator Lamar Alexander , one of several Republican senators who praised Mr. Duncan ’s record as chief executive of the nation ’s third largest school district .
“ I hope I still think that a year from now . ”
Sen .
Tom Harkin , Democrat of Iowa , chaired the hearing in place of Senator Edward M. Kennedy , the committee chairman .
Free - wheeling capitalism has always been the heart of the US Economy but the recent $ 700 billion bailout , a level of government intervention not seen since the Great Depression , is hardly unprecedented .
Historically , the Feds have not only taken stakes in banks , steel mills , and coal mines but have even seized control of everything from railways to savings and loans .
( source )
To get some perspective on our current financial crisis , it ’s helpful to look back at some earlier bailouts since the Depression leading up to the drastic moves of late .
Railroad Bailout
( source )
Entire industries once considered the backbone of our economy can sometimes disappear as a result of changing technology .
During World War I , the government nationalized railroads saying they represented vital supply lines .
In the 1970s , the railroads were nearly threatened out of existence by the recent popularity of air travel .
The government - owned National Railroad Passenger Corp. , better known as Amtrak was created in 1971 and is still reliant on taxpayer money today .
Conrail was created in 1976 as a merger of Penn Central ( which declared bankruptcy in 1970 ) and a half - dozen other bankrupt railroads .
Conrail fared better than Amtrak , even managing to turn a profit by the mid-1980s and eventually going public .
Lockheed
( source )
The Emergency Loan Guarantee Act , passed in August , 1971 was explicitly directed at shoring up American business enterprises .
Its first beneficiary was the aerospace firm Lockheed , a major government contractor , which received a mind - blowing $ 1.4 billion .
As in earlier times , Lockheed ’s status as a defense contractor played a major role in the bailout .
United States National Savings Bank / Franklin National Bank
( source )
The first major bank to fail in the US since the FDIC was established was United States National Savings Bank , worth $ 1.5 billion .
Shortly thereafter , on October 8 , 1974 , the Franklin National Bank in New York also failed .
At the time , it was the largest bank failure in US history , and Michele Sindona , the mafia - connected member with a controlling interest in the bank , eventually went to prison and died of cyanide poisoning .
The Feds assumed the debts in those cases , and proceeded with a bailout that was simply unthinkable at the time , the equivalent of $ 7.7 billion by current standards .
Chrysler
( source )
As in today ’s mortgage crisis , Chrysler ’s downfall was the result of major hubris on the part of its executives but was also blamed on the increasing popularity of cheap Japanese automobiles coming into the US market .
Chrysler lost $ 1.1 billion in 1979 , a loss which many feared would ripple through the entire US automotive industry .
The Feds stepped in almost immediately , passing the Chrysler Loan Guarantee Act in 1980 which provided $ 1.5 billion in loans to Chrysler , one of the largest payouts ever made to a single corporation .
Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust
( source )
1980 starts a decade of intense bank failures ; the FDIC reports that 1,600 were either closed or received financial assistance from 1980 to 1994 .
Many of the same questions got asked as get asked today .
How much oversight is necessary ?
And how deftly can we actually assess risk ?
Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust was once the seventh - largest bank in the US but fell on bad times due , in part , to bad loans for oil producers and investors in the Oklahoma and Texas oil boom of the late 1970s and early 1980s .
As the bank was heading for failure , large depositors withdrew over $ 10 billion of deposits in early May , 1984 .
The bank was seized by the US government that year , which remained in control until 10 years later when it was acquired by what is now Bank of America , a beneficiary of the current bailout .
A few nay - sayers called this one , “ Continental ’s lending style might be overly aggressive , ” one man hauntingly points out in an FDIC report .
Not unlike the failures that were a result of the recent mortgage crisis , the bank ’s downfall could be directly traced to risk taking and a lack of due diligence on the part of bank officers .
Less Developed Country Debt Crisis
( source )
The LDS Debt crisis was the result of international banks and monetary funds expanding too fast in an attempt to keep pace with the emerging global village in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
As development became a driving goal and traditional banking borders were removed , less advantaged countries took advantage of this bank roll .
By 1978 , Latin America owed international banks a boggling $ 159 billion .
By 1982 , $ 327 billion was outstanding .
Experts did protest about the risk and volatility .
Imploring warning letters were sent .
But it was n’t until the recession in the 1980s that international banks looked hard at their holdings .
By 1982 , 40 nations could not foot the bill .
The Feds kept the American banking market out of it in the end , and a global recession was narrowly avoided .
What we ’ve learned
Is history doomed to repeat itself .
Is the US economy doomed to suffer an endless cycle of ups and downs that will forever require the hand of government intervention ?
Are government bailouts , as some have recently said , akin to socialism ?
There are no easy answers to these questions but after the lessons of the 1980s , the Feds have acquired some common wisdom about when banks fail ( if not always why ) .
Whenever there ’s a period of rapid growth there ’s a tendency for both lenders and investors to get too cocky and take on far more risk than they should .
Today , there are number of industries on the verge of collapse , including the airline and automotive industries .
Should the government step in ?
The good news here is that , in almost every case , these course corrections have proved temporary and most finance experts believe they have been both necessary and beneficial in times of financial crisis , war or other national emergencies .
Want more perspectives ?
Check these interactive sites for more info :
http://www.propublica.org/special/government-bailouts/ gives an excellent visual representation of this historic bailout against others , including a section on if those examples worked out not .
http://www.thetakeaway.org/archives/2008/09/17/5 gives a jazzy audio podcast of the history of bailouts that sparked most of the ideas in this article .
http://images.businessweek.com/ss/07/12/1217_bailouts/index_01.htm is Businessweek ’s top - notch interactive slideshow of historic bailouts , domestically and abroad .
Sources :
The 3 above , plus :
The FDIC , http://www.fdic.gov/bank/historical/history/235_258.pdf
Click to access 191_210.pdf
The State Department
Gotham Center for New York City History
New York magazine
Time magazine
Related
Body in charge of UK policing policy is now an £ 18 m - a - year brand charging the public £ 70 for a 60 p criminal records check
Britain's most powerful police body is being run as a private business with an annual income of around £ 18 million .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) , which oversees everything from anti-terrorism policy to speed cameras , was last night facing demands that it be disbanded , following a Mail on Sunday investigation into its activities which include :
Selling information from the Police National Computer for up to £ 70 – even though it pays just 60 pence to access those details .
Marketing ‘ police approval ’ logos to firms selling anti-theft devices .
Operating a separate private firm offering training to speed camera operators , which is run by a senior officer who was banned from driving .
The boss : Ken Jones , President of ACPO , has £ 140,000 a year plus a police pension
Advising the Government and police forces – earning £ 32 million of taxpayers ’ money in the process .
Employing retired senior officers on lucrative salaries .
Until now , ACPO ’s central role in policing has not been questioned as it is seen as an essential , if sometimes controversial , public body writing the rules on police operations as well as campaigning on key issues such as the proposed 90 - day detention for terror suspects and the DNA database .
But the organisation is not a public body , nor is it a police trade union or even a campaign group .
It is a private company – a self - styled ‘ global brand name ’ – paid millions of pounds a year by the taxpayer to effectively run the nation ’s police forces .
Because ACPO is a private company , members of the public cannot use the Freedom of Information Act to scrutinise its operations .
Last night it came under fire from politicians and human rights lawyers , who called for its immediate reform .
Shami Chakrabarti , director of the civil rights group Liberty , questioned whether ACPO ’s role as a company with increasing national powers was ‘ legal ’ .
She said : ‘ They need to be stopped in their tracks . ’
At the centre of the controversy are the services ‘ sold ’ by ACPO and over which it has a monopoly .
The association is headed by former Sussex Chief Constable Sir Ken Jones , who earns £ 138,702 a year and receives a further £ 30,000 in pension contributions on top of his existing police pension .
Its unpaid board includes Sir Hugh Orde , Chief Constable of Northern Ireland , Sir Paul Scott - Lee , West Midlands Chief Constable , and Tim Hollis , Chief Constable of Humberside .
It also employs a number of former high - ranking police officers on lucrative short - term contracts .
Its staff bill is £ 1.4 million a year – which averages out at £ 66,000 for each of its 21 employees , although that figure also includes pension contributions and retainers paid to former members of staff acting as consultants .
Chairman of RSS Meredydd Hughes claims all speed cameras should be hidden and mobile
ACPO was set up in 1997 , replacing an informal network of police chiefs who decided national policies .
It was established as a formal body ‘ to deal with growing budgets , the need to sign leases [ and ] the need to directly employ people ’ .
In the past two years its influence and public role has expanded to playing a major role in formulating national police policy , advising Ministers and overseeing the development of the National Police Improvement Agency , which runs the controversial DNA database and Police National Computer .
Its annual income from ‘ project ’ work for the police and Home Office has risen to £ 15 million , from just £ 1.3 million in 2005 .
But its growth has taken place without any parliamentary debate and without being subject to public scrutiny , and its decisions are largely taken in secret .
According to its accounts , it earned money from the taxpayer for ‘ co-ordination of the national police response to terrorism , organised crime [ and ] large operations such
as the Suffolk prostitute murders ’.
It also says it was paid for its involvement in arranging the ‘use of police cells across the country to house prisoners ’ .
In 2007 ACPO rewrote its statement of purpose adopting ‘ a new , more responsive business structure ’ .
The new document included the assertion that it would ‘ continue to develop our business activities to ensure that the ACPO brand name is recognised globally as a mark of excellence in policing ’.
It is unclear who decides how much ACPO charges the Home Office and police forces for its activities .
Its board members can claim expenses but their salaries are paid by their individual police forces .
As a ‘ not for profit ’ company it does not pay dividends to its shareholders , but its accounts show a significant annual surplus , which has led to ACPO having £ 15.8 million in assets , including £ 9.2 million ‘ cash at bank and in hand ’ .
Corporate HQ : ACPO 's Central London base , close to Scotland Yard
ACPO says this money is to fund future projects , but the accounts show its cash account grew from £ 6 million in 2007 to £ 9 million this year and earned interest of nearly £ 1.4 million over the period .
Boosting this annual surplus are a number of ACPO subsidiaries which sell ‘ police ’ services .
It recently set up ACRO – the ACPO Criminal Records Office – which sells so - called police certificates which reveal whether someone has a criminal record .
Headed by retired Hampshire Deputy Chief Constable Ian Readhead , who has a £ 50,000 contract with ACPO , it provides the documents required by people applying for visas to work or live in the United States , Australia , New Zealand and Canada .
Until now visa applicants could obtain these details by making what was known as a ‘ subject access request ’ to the police .
The maximum charge for these requests was £ 10 .
But according to the US Embassy , ACPO approached them and offered to provide their own criminal record certificates .
These are now the only documents acceptable for visa applications .
Under the new system , applicants fill out an online form and receive a statement about whether or not they have a criminal record .
According to the National Police Improvement Agency , which runs the Police National Computer , ACPO is charged 60 p for each search .
However , ACPO charges the public up to £ 70 for its ‘ premium service ’ , while its standard service – which takes ten days – costs £ 35 .
Last year ACPO received an income of £ 197,633 from the service , which is not available from any other agency .
It says its charges are reasonable because the service involves ‘ additional processing elements including photography processing and a full report prepared for each application ’ .
Another lucrative ACPO offshoot is ACPO Crime Prevention Initiatives Ltd .
The company , which charges manufacturers to approve their crime - prevention products such as burglar alarms and blast doors , had a turnover of £ 981,500 last year .
The firm ’s accounts show that it made a healthy surplus of £ 225,000 on that income and paid its directors £ 107,000 .
The firm issues Secured by Design licences and advertises the approved firms ’ telephone numbers and other contact details on the ACPO website .
The website says : ‘ The company is funded through partnership with companies whose products meet technical standards identified by ACPO . ’
Products that meet that standard can display the Secured by Design logo with the wording ‘ Police Preferred Specification ’ .
Richard Childs , former Chief Constable of Lincolnshire , is managing director of ACPO Crime Prevention Initiatives and earns £ 42,500 a year .
ACPO is also involved with Road Safety Support Ltd. According to documents at Companies House , RSS was established last year to ‘ provide secretarial support to the ACPO Road Policing Enforcement Technology Committee and the Chair of the ACPO Safety Camera Administration Group ’ .
An independent affiliate of ACPO , the firm also provides expert witnesses to combat ‘ loophole ’ lawyers attempting to beat speeding offences .
It also provides training to speed camera operators .
The chairman of RSS is Meredydd Hughes , Chief Constable of South Yorkshire .
He was formerly the chairman of ACPO ’s roads policing group but stood down following a driving ban after being caught on camera speeding at 90mph .
Mr Hughes , who has claimed that all speed cameras should be hidden and mobile , is not paid by the company .
ACPO said RSS is a non-profit - making private limited company set up to provide support to both Safety Camera Partnerships , which install speed cameras across the country , and the Highways Authorities on ‘ a variety of legal and technical issues of road safety ’ .
Conservative Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling last night questioned ACPO ’s role , and called for its reform .
He said : ‘ Is it an external reference group for Home Office Ministers or a professional association protecting senior officers ’ interests ?
Is it a national policing agency ?
Is it a pressure group arguing for greater police powers ?
I am planning to have serious discussions about their role .
‘ I was particularly concerned by the Government ’s decision to give them a statutory role in senior police appointments .
There are real questions to be asked about whether they can carry out all of these roles and I think change might very well be necessary . ’
Shami Chakrabarti , of Liberty , questioned whether ACPO ’s role as a company with increasing national powers was legal .
She said : ‘ It is legally questionable for senior police officers to be running this sort of business . ’
She added that police officers ’ powers were limited by statute and any increase in those powers had to be approved by Parliament .
By increasing its national role and engaging in commercial activities , ACPO could be breaking the law , she said .
Ms Chakrabarti added : ‘ ACPO is many things .
It advises Government , it sets policing policy , it campaigns for increased police powers , and now we learn it is engaged in commercial activities – all with a rather shady lack of accountability .
‘ When they take positions on issues , it is very unclear who is deciding to do so .
Our Parliament decided that we do not have a national police force
in this country .
It is considered anti-democratic to put so much power
in one place .
This is why we have regional police forces .
‘ But ACPO is morphing into a national police force where they all take a single line on holding terror suspects for 42 days or ID cards and individual chief constables are n’t supposed to speak out .
None of this should be happening without an Act of Parliament .
‘ They need to be stopped in their tracks and there should be a fundamental review of ACPO and all its functions . ’
An ACPO spokesman defended the organisation ’s activities .
He said : ‘ ACPO is an independent , professionally led strategic body .
In the public interest , ACPO leads and co-ordinates the direction and development of the police service nationally .
‘ In times of national need ACPO , on behalf of all chief officers , co-ordinates the strategic policing response .
‘ ACPO is funded in part by the Government in order to collectively develop advice for them .
Project work which ACPO undertakes on behalf of the police service is at the request of the Home Office and goes towards public protection against serious and strategic threats that can only be tackled above force level .
' All funds to ACPO are employed in the interests of public safety and the police service . ’
He denied that the organisation was keeping huge amounts of money from public funds in cash in its bank accounts .
He said : ‘ All funds from the Home Office are tied to projects to tackle serious and strategic threats on behalf of the police service .
As projects can be delivered across a number of years , it follows [ our year ] end accounts may show a surplus . ’
This article is part of a series describing a port of the samples from On Lisp ( OL ) to Clojure .
You will probably want to read the intro first .
This article covers Chapter 10 , Other Macro Pitfalls .
The macro examples are kept simple to focus on specific concepts , and in some cases do not deserve to be macros at all .
They could just as well be functions .
That said , the concepts in this article are still valid for larger , more complex , deserving - of - macroness macros .
Number of Evaluations
Macros can evaluate an argument more than once , which in some cases will violate caller expectations and lead to subtle bugs .
Here is a m-e - for macro that evaluates the stop argument more than once :
( defmacro m- e - for [ [ idx start stop ] & body ] ` ( loop [ ~ idx ~ start ] ( if ( < ~ idx ~ stop ) ( do ~@ body ( recur ( inc ~ idx ) ) ) ) ) )
In a sensible implementation , the stop expression would be evaluated once , but instead it is evaluated each time through the loop .
For a simple stop expression , this wo n't matter .
For example , the following m-e - for loop correctly prints the numbers from 0 to 10 :
( m-e-for [ i 1 10 ] ( print i ) )
123456789
But if the stop expression has side effects , the end of the loop becomes a moving target .
The following example uses an expression involving a mutable Clojure atom :
( let [ a ( atom 10 ) ] ( m-e - for [ i 0 ( swap ! a dec ) ] ( print i ) ) ) 01234
Because the atom swaps in a decremented value each time around , only half the desired values print .
If the stop expression had incremented the atom , the consequences would be even more severe .
( Try it . )
The solution to the problem is simple : do n't write macros that evaluate arguments multiple times , unless that is the specific purpose of the macro .
The previous article in this series includes a good - for macro that does it right , evaluating the stop only once and storing the result in a lexical binding .
Clojure is no different from other Lisps in this problem , or in how you should handle it .
However , a buggy Clojure macro that evaluates arguments multiple times is less likely to show symptoms in execution .
Most Clojure code is side - effect - free .
If a multiply - evaluated form has no side effects , you may see performance degrade , but you will not see incorrect behavior .
Order of Evaluation
Similar to multiple evaluation is out - of - order evaluation .
Callers expect that arguments will be evaluated from left - to - right , and sometimes write code that relies on this assumption .
The following b-o - for ( " bad order for " ) macro solves the multiple evaluation problem by assigning the value of stop to limit# .
But it evaluates stop out of order , before the other arguments :
( defmacro b-o - for [ [ idx start stop ] & body ] ` ( loop [ limit # ~ stop ~ idx ~ start ] ( if ( < ~ idx limit # ) ( do ~@ body ( recur limit # ( inc ~ idx ) ) ) ) ) )
Again , this macro works fine with simple arguments :
( b-o-for [ i 1 10 ] ( print i ) )
1
But you can construct arguments that expose the flaw .
The following code should print 1 , but prints nothing :
( let [ a ( atom 1 ) ] ( b-o - for [ i @ a ( swap ! a inc ) ] ( print i ) ) )
The problem is that the increment ( swap ! / inc ) happens before the dereference ( @a ) , so the start state reads a value that has already been incremented past the end state .
The solution to the problem is also simple : do n't write macros that evaluate arguments out of order , unless that is the specific purpose of the macro .
The discussion of multiple evaluation above applies here as well .
Non-functional Expanders
Common Lisp expects macro expanders to be pure functions .
You should not rely on the compiler expanding a macro only once .
The Clojure documentation does not address this issue .
Since Clojure is " more functional " than the average Lisp , it makes sense to follow this rule wherever possible .
I have started a thread on the Clojure mailing list to get more specific advice .
Recursion
Macros manipulate source code , not runtime data .
This means that recursive functions cannot , in general , be trivially converted into macros .
If the recursion depends on runtime data , that data is not available at macro-expansion time .
OL uses an nth function to make this example .
The recursive definition of this function is :
( defn nth - a [ n coll ] ( if ( = n 0 ) ( first coll ) ( nth - a ( dec n ) ( rest coll ) ) ) )
nth - a works fine :
( nth-a 2 [ :a :b :c :d :e ] ) :c
But a simplistic conversion of nth - a to a macro is disastrous :
( defmacro nth-b [ n coll ] ` ( if ( = ~ n 0 ) ( first ~ coll ) ( nth-b ( dec ~ n ) ( rest ~ coll ) ) ) )
If you try to call ( nth-b 2 [ : a :b :c :d ] ) , your REPL will hang .
The problem is that the recursion happens at macro-expansion time .
The expanded form ( dec ~n ) is not evaluated , it is just another form .
Likewise ( rest ~ coll ) .
Rather than being evaluated , and getting smaller towards terminating the recursion , the forms are just expanded , and get bigger .
The recursion runs forever , generating larger and larger forms .
The solution to this problem is to write the macro so that it is not recursive during expansion .
It can still generate an expansion that is recursive at runtime .
In Clojure , you could use the idiomatic loop / recur :
( defmacro nth-c [ n coll ] ` ( loop [ n # ~ n coll # ~ coll ] ( if ( = n # 0 ) ( first coll # ) ( recur ( dec n # ) ( rest coll # ) ) ) ) )
Or , the macro could expand into an anonymous recursive function :
( defmacro nth-e [ n coll ] ` ( ( fn [ n # coll # ] ( if ( = n # 0 ) ( first coll # ) ( recur ( dec n # ) ( rest coll # ) ) ) ) ~ n ~ coll ) )
The nth-e version is a little more verbose than the Common Lisp version , in that it uses the auto - gensym suffix ( # ) to generate unique local names for the function every time the macro is expanded .
The OL version does not use gensyms at all , and in fact they are not really necessary in this example .
Even though the gensyms are not necessary in nth-e , I like that Clojure requires them .
Auto - gensyms are simple enough that I prefer to use them for all " local " symbols inside syntax - quotes , and never worry about when I can get away with shadowing a lexical binding .
Wrapping up
In the previous article , I argued that Clojure makes simple macros easier and safer to write .
But " easier " and " simpler " does not equal " easy " and " safe . "
In this chapter , we have looked at a set of macro pitfalls where the Clojure approach is more similar to other Lisps :
number of evaluations
out of order evaluation
non-functional expanders
recursion
For these specific pitfalls , use the same strategies in Clojure that you would in other Lisps .
Notes
The sample code is available at http://github.com/stuarthalloway/onlisp-clojure.
Other Resources
If you find this series helpful , you might also like :
My book Programming Clojure
My blog series porting Practical Common Lisp to Clojure
Revision history
Story : A duck is stealing money from a woman while she ’s occupied with the little ducks .
Verdict :
LIE
.
The photo was taken during the shooting of a commercial .
Story :
This towboat is going underneath the bridge and then coming out of it from the other side .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
It happened between 1978 and 1979 in Alabama .
Do n’t ask me how the hell it could happen .
Here ’s the whole story with all explanations you can read .
Story : A deer flied through a windshield of red Dodge Durango .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
The police confirmed , that such incident occurred on a Interstate 394 in Minnesota .
No one was injured .
Story : Collision with a moose .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
It happened in May , 2004 somewhere in Ontario region , Canada .
The driver was driving carefully because he knew that there were a lot of mooses around there , but he was driving at a high speed .
Some people got injured .
Strory : Underwater restaurant .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
It ’s an Ithaa restaurant that sits 15 feet below the waves of the Indian Ocean , offering diners 270 - degrees of panoramic underwater views .
Story : A house of Tiger Woods .
Verdict :
LIE
.
Of course , Tiger Woods could probably live in the place like this .
Only in 2004 he earned $ 80 million dollars .
But this is not his mansion .
What you see on the photos is the Golden Conch .
It is an incredible beachfront estate of 9,000 square feet of pure luxury built in on the Hawaiian island of Maui .
If you ’re looking a place for your next vacation this could be it for only $ 6,000 - 9,000 per night .
Story :
You can see a very long and high bridge on this photo .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
This " high drive " Millau bridge is located in southern France , over the River Tarn in the Massif Central mountains .
It was opened in December 2004 .
And it is the highest bridge in the world .
Story : A mermaid found on Lolo Island Abu DhabiVerdict :
LIE
.
It ’s just an artwork of Juan Cabana .
He was selling it on Ebay in 2006 .
Story : A water bridge in Germany .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
This is a channel - bridge over the River Elbe and joins the former East and West Germany , as part of the unification project .
It is located in the city of Magdeburg , near Berlin .
It has been built in 2003 .
Story : A 32 - years old American living in Arizona is keeping his wife ’s corpse in his coffee house .
Verdict :
LIE
Story : Because of a bad cover design of the magazine Parents it ’s name can be read as Penis .
Verdict :
LIE
.
It was photoshopped .
Stroy : One American woman who did n’t use to the manual transmission and hit about 136 miles on the first speed in Hungary in the rental car .
Verdict : LEI .
First of all , it was a man , and second , the problem was in the faulty engine .
The photos were taken by an insurance expert .
Story :
The police place photo radars in the wheeled bins .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
It is common in Canada , Australia and Germany .
Story : A Japanese subway instructions : Give up your seat to : 1 ) passengers with a traumatized hand2 ) passengers with children3 ) pregnant women4 ) passengers with a traumatized legVerdict :
LIE
.
The original picture is below .
Story : Inscription on tombstone forms FUCK YOU .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
This tombstone is located in Montreal in µ Mount Royal Cemetery .
Here lies the man named John McCaffree .
He died in 1995 at the age of 44 .
The monument maker said that this tombstone was ordered by his ex-wife and his mistress .
Strory : A town called ‘ Fucking ’ in AustriaVerdict :
TRUE
.
It really exists ) Story :
An airplane crashed into the tree right beside an ad for the flight school .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
It happened in 2006 in Colorado Springs .
Story : A plane crashed into a goose .
Verdict :
LIE
.
This plane had a collision with another plane in 2004 .
One person died .
21 .
Story : A photograph of Brian Peppers arrested for a sexual offenseVerdict :
TRUE
.
This is a real person and it was not photoshopped .
Brian Peppers was arrested in 1998 for Gross Sexual Imposition in Lucas Country , Ohio .
The second picture is from his high school photo album .
22 .
Story : Dog rescue from an animal hospital during Hurricane Katrina .
Verdict :
TRUE
Stroy : a police camera registered a car flying at 133 mph during Hurricane Katrina .
Verdict :
LIE
.
It was photoshopped .
The original photo was taken in Florida in 2004 during another hurricane .
Story :
The tsunami strikes the capital of Thailand .
Verdict :
LIE
.
It is a manipulated picture of the city of Antofagasta in Chile .
Story : A girl was born in Cairo with a very rare condition “ craniopagus parasiticus ” .
It is a medical condition in which a parasitic twin head with an undeveloped ( or underdeveloped ) body is attached to the head of a developed twin .
Verdict :
TRUE
.
In 2005 surgeons removed a parasitic twin of ten - month - old Manar Maged .
One year after the surgery the girl died .
Story :
The punishment to a 8 year - old boy for stealing bread .
Verdict : Pictires –
TRUE
, description –
LIE
It is just street performers in Iran .
And the grimaces that this boy does show that he ia a good actor .
In addition , more plausible his performance is , more money they can get .
Story : A sandstorm in IrakVerdict :
TRUE
. Al Asad , Irak , 26 April 2005 Story : A bear shaped cloud .
Verdict :
LIE
.
This photograph is a still frame taken from the French movie Amélie .
Story : A triple waterspout in the Golf of MexicoVerdict :
LIE
.
The original picture is below .
Strory : Americans found a MiG - 25 ( NATO reporting name " Foxbat " ) in Irak .
Verdict :
TRUE
. Mig -25 is a high - supersonic interceptor and reconnaissance / bomber aircraft designed by the Soviet Union 's Mikoyan - Gurevich bureau .
It has long cost more than a penny to use a public lavatory but Ryanair is threatening to bring a whole new meaning to sky - high prices by charging passengers to use its aircraft 's toilets .
Michael O'Leary , the budget airline 's chief executive , revealed today that it is considering coin slots on cubicle doors .
" One thing we have looked at in the past and are looking at again is the possibility of maybe putting a coin slot on the toilet door so that people might actually have to spend a pound to spend a penny in future , " he told BBC Breakfast .
He insisted this would not inconvenience passengers .
" We are always looking at ways of constantly lowering the cost of air travel and making it affordable and easier for all passengers to fly with us .
I do n't think there is anybody in history that has got on board a Ryanair craft with less than a pound .
What do you do at Liverpool Street station at the moment [ when ] you need to spend a penny ?
I think you have to spend 20 p to go to the toilets . "
Ryanair recently announced it is to shut check - in desks at airports and have passengers check in online instead , and has also decided to end any prospect of peace and quiet on flights by introducing mobile phones .
" Our flights are not cathedral - like sanctuaries , " O'Leary said last week .
Now , it seems passengers might have to cross their legs while phoning home .
The company offers low headline fares but charges extra for items such as additional baggage .
Earlier this month , it confirmed it is to charge passengers £ 30 if they cannot pack their duty free into their single piece of hand luggage .
" We 're all about finding ways of raising discretionary revenue so we can keep lowering the cost of air travel , " O'Leary said .
" In the last year we have reduced our fares by 10 % when British Airways and others were whacking up their fares and whacking up their fuel surcharges .
We guarantee the lowest fares and guarantee no fuel surcharges as well . "
But consumer group
Which ?
accused Ryanair of putting profit before the comfort of its passengers and being " prepared to plumb any depth to make a fast buck " .
Rochelle Turner , head of research at Which ?
Holiday , said : " Charging people to go to the toilet might result in fewer people buying overpriced drinks on board .
That would serve Ryanair right . "
Stephen McNamara from Ryanair said : " Michael makes a lot of this stuff up as he goes along and while this has been discussed internally there are no immediate plans to introduce it . "
He added : " Not everyone uses the toilet on board one of our flights but those that do could help to reduce airfares for all passengers .
Then again , maybe O'Leary was just taking the piss this morning . "
Plane speaking – 10 chargeable things to check before you fly ( airline practices and prices vary )
Check - in desk fee
Storing baggage in the hold
Speedy boarding
Storing sports and musical equipment
In - flight food and drink
Oxygen for those with medical conditions
Changing flight
Name change on a ticket
Payment handling fee
Charge to recipients of gift vouchers
Beast ’s real mark devalued to ‘ 616 ’
Bible
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
May 4 , 2005
Christ Wattie
www.canada.com National Post , CanadaMay 4 , 2005 Christ Wattie
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Monday , November 30 , -0001 at 12:00 AM , Central European Time ( CET )
The latest in a flurry of environmentally - devastating , last - minute rule changes from the Bush administration will give the go ahead for coal mining companies to fill valleys with the mining debris left over from lobbing - off mountaintops .
[ social_buttons ]
Earlier this week , the EPA and the White House Council on Environmental Quality approved a rule change that will allow coal mining companies to lawfully bury stream valleys and fill them with the tops of mountains that have been carved off for the coal they contain .
For years , coal mining companies were allowed to file for exemptions to a 25 year - old rule prohibiting the dumping of fill from mountaintop removal mining within 100 feet of streams and were granted them the vast majority of the time .
In practice , the government had essentially been ignoring the rule for years ; now they have codified that ignorance into a regulatory standard .
The practice of mountaintop removal ( MTR ) has buried 1200 miles of streams in Kentucky , Tennessee , West Virginia and elsewhere .
The largest valley fills can approach 800 feet in height and swallow more than a mile of streambed .
Along with the damage of riparian systems , MTR obviously requires the clearcutting of forests , increasing erosion and biodiversity loss .
The final step in MTR creates a sludge that contains coal dust and other sediment , and may contain heavy metals or chemicals that would impair water quality in streams and rivers if it were allowed to flow freely off the mine site .
To keep any hazardous materials out of local water supplies , mine operators contain the coal sludge in nearby valleys , behind huge earthen dams known as valley fills .
It is hard to see how the new rule abides by the Clean Water Act which requires the federal government to protect all streams and rivers from being dumped in .
Edward C. Hopkins , a policy analyst at the Sierra Club , said : “ The E.P.A. ’s own scientists have concluded that dumping mining waste into streams devastates downstream water quality .
By signing off on this rule , the agency has abdicated its responsibility . ”
Sierra Club executive director wrote , “ This new rule is so bad that the governors of two of the most - affected states , Kentucky ’s Steven Beshear and Tennessee ’s Phil Bredesen , opposed it , Beshear saying it would increase pollution of Kentucky ’s “ beautiful natural resources . ”
It is not entirely clear how president - elect Obama will handle the new mining waste rule .
As a candidate , Barack Obama expressed serious concerns about the environmental implications of mountaintop mining , telling one environmental organization , “ We have to find more environmentally sound ways of mining coal than simply blowing the tops off mountains . ”
The new mining debris rule will join a litany of Bush administration midnight regulatory changes that are particularly damaging to the environment , including a rule change permitting the development of oil shale and another that creates an exemption for perchlorate , a known neurotoxin found at unsafe levels in the drinking water of millions of Americans .
The Department of Interior plans to make the rule final in December after briefing members of Congress this week and next .
It will likely go into effect 30 days after that .
Related :
Bank of America ’s Coal - Funding Concessions Delight Climate Activists
Bank of America Divests from Mountaintop Removal , Refocuses on “ Clean Coal ”
Bush Administration Proposes Fire Sale of Rocky Mountains for Oil Shale Development
Images : 1 . WhiteHouse.gov ; 2 . NASA
Ann Coulter was on The View today , of which four of the five co-hosts are single mothers , a role that Coulter criticizes in her new book Guilty .
As you can imagine , it was n't pretty .
Whoopi - who , as you 'll remember , threatened to beat up Coulter last week - referred to Coulter 's left - hating persona as " an act , " and went on to tell her that she was personally offended by Coulter 's sentiments about single mothers in Hollywood .
Sherri actually sounded like the most even - toned , well spoken woman of the bunch when she asked Coulter if she has an compassion and ever does anything to correct the " problems " she identifies ( like talking to young girls about the importance of birth control ) , instead of just judging all the time .
But instead ,
Ann wanted to complain that she was " attacked " in an earlier segment before she was on camera , alleging that Barbara read aloud from her book as though it were Mein Kampf .
Ironic , since she 's always going on about " victimization . "
Sherri put her back in her place , though , when she told her she did n't like how she was speaking to Babs .
Joy 's face during the entire thing , btw , was great .
Advertisement
Earlier : The View Meets The NY Times , Talks Cruise , Coulter & Cantone
Remember the good ol ’ Rubik ’s Cube ?
Ah , good times .
There have been some variations over the years , but this latest version gets a truly modern makeover .
Called Rubik ’s Mirror Blocks , it does away with colored tiles in favor of differently shaped blocks .
The aim of the game is to bring the puzzle back into a cube shape by matching up these different blocks .
This Mirror Blocks version uses the basic 3×3 structure of the original Rubik ’s Cube , but each block has reflective , colorless stickers on its faces , making it even more difficult to crack ( see video below ) .
You can pick one up at Amazon Japan from October 1st for ￥ 1,494 ( $ 14 ) .
For international orders , try your luck over at Twisty Puzzles where Hidetoshi Takeji , the puzzle ’s designer , is offering them for $ 20 .
Looks like there ’s already a lot of orders though , so some patience may be required .
UPDATE : You can now pick up Rubik ’s Mirror Blocks over at ThinkGeek for $ 19.99 .
Sources :
Technabob and Digital Gadgets Freak ( translated )
Bungie has released more info on what Forge goodies we ’ll find in the new Mythic Map Pack .
They talked about Killballs and a Blue Grid , two simple but awesome things that will almost definitely have an effect on the maps you create using Sandbox .
First off , Killballs are exactly what they sound ( and look ) like ; big , sun - like spheres that kill anything that ventures inside of them .
Simple , huh ?
Oh , but just think of the possibilities .
You could float one in the middle of the map and have a series of Mancannons pointing straight at it .
Anyone foolish or unfortunate enough to run , jump , fall , or be pushed into one of the Mancannons would be sent flying through the sky and into the Killball .
That ’s only one possibility .
I ’ve already thought up about half of a dozen other ways to use them for nefarious purposes but I wo n’t bore you by listing them .
Plus I do n’t want anyone stealing my creative gold .
Unfortunately , it seems that Killballs will only be available on the map Sandbox and you ’ll only be able to spawn two of them at a time .
Now to the Blue Grid .
It is …well …a blue grid that appears overlaid on Sandbox in Forge .
Yeah , not as flashy as a glowing death ball but its addition is awesome in its own way .
If you ’re a faithful forger you know how frustrating it can be when you ’re trying to line things up or trying to get that new map you ’re working on perfectly symmetrical .
Now the grid is there to help you .
Still do n’t care ?
Jerk … I ’m excited about it .
( Source : Urk , bungie.net )
Imagine you put a portable hard disk of 500 gigabytes in your backpack and start walking .
In which cases are you faster than your internet connection ?
Illustrations by Diego Marmolejo
Before the arrival of the internet , computer files were exchanged via storage media , similar to what happened with music cassettes or videotapes .
Floppy disks were sent by post or delivered by foot , bike , car or train .
After the appearance of the internet , computer freaks invented a term for this : the sneakernet .
Now that the internet is established , and our connections have become faster , the sneakernet sounds outmoded .
Nevertheless , the opposite is true when somewhat larger files are considered .
Because storage media evolve much faster than internet connections , it becomes ever more interesting to choose the route of physical transport over the internet .
Information density
Portable hard disks now come with a capacity of up to 500 gigabytes , while the maximum capacity of a single hard disk in a desktop computer is around 1,000 gigabytes ( or 1 terabyte ) .
That is twice as much as one year ago .
Since 1990 , the information density of hard disks has increased by 100 percent per year .
The capacity of internet connections evolves only by 30 to 40 percent per year .
By comparison : the calculation speed of computers – described by Moore ’s Law – increases by 60 percent per year .
Storage media are thus by far the fastest evolving information technology .
No matter how large the capacity of a hard disk is , it never seems to be a problem to use it all .
It is not even necessary to store more files .
For example , digital cameras can take pictures with ever higher resolutions , so that every picture takes up much more storage space .
But , since internet connections evolve 3 times slower than storage media , the information on our hard disks becomes less and less mobile .
“ Are truckloads of hard disks crossing the country another dent in the environmentally friendly image of the 21st century information society ? ”
The relatively slow evolution of internet connections is not a technological issue .
There exist much faster connections than the ones that most of us are using now .
However , the necessary improvements of the network infrastructure ( for laying fibre connections straight into every home , for instance ) demand a lot of time and money , which has to be provided by the telecommunication companies .
New storage media , on the other hand , are applied much faster because this investment is made by the end users , in small steps .
We are making the sneakernet more relevant every day by continuously buying hard disks and other storage media with ever higher capacities .
Whether or not the sneakernet is faster than the internet depends on four factors ; the size of the digital file , the speed of the internet connection ( both from sender and receiver ) , the speed of the sneakernet ( by foot , truck , ship , carrier pigeon , etcetera ) and the distance between sender and receiver .
1. Parcel service versus the internet
Some parcel services offer the possibility to send whatever package to whatever place in the world within 24 hours .
If we assume this to be the speed of the sneakernet , when does it become interesting to send a file by parcel service instead of the internet ?
A dial - up connection achieves a speed of 56 kbits per second , which corresponds to a transfer of 7,000 bytes of information per second .
( Storage capacity is measured in bytes , internet speed is measured in bits , and one byte equals 8 bits . )
This means that 420 kilobytes can be sent or received every minute .
That is 25.2 megabytes per hour , and 612 megabytes per day .
Thus , compared to a dial - up connection , it already becomes interesting to use the sneakernet with a file size of 600 megabytes .
That is about the storage capacity of a cd-rom .
In fact , it is interesting with only 300 megabytes , because the receiver also needs to download the file .
If both sender and receiver have only a dial - up connection at their disposal , the transfer of a 300 megabyte file will take about 24 hours .
Broadband connections are obtainable with many different speeds , but to express well the difference with a dial - up connection , let ’s choose a fast DSL - connection with a download speed of 8 Mbits per second .
This equals to 60 megabytes per minute , 3.6 gigabytes per hour and 86.4 gigabytes per day .
A dial - up connection would need more than 150 days to send 86.4 gigabytes .
Yet , even this fast DSL - connection has to surrender surprisingly fast when compared to the sneakernet .
That is because the upload speed of a DSL - connection is about 8 times lower than the download speed : only 1 Mbits per second in this case , or 8 megabytes per minute , 480 megabytes per hour and 11.5 gigabytes per day .
This means that a file which is larger than 11.5 gigabytes ( only a small pie from an average hard disk ) is faster to send by parcel service than by a fast broadband connection – and in this case we do not even consider the receiving time ( which is 8 times faster ) .
“ Sending 500 gigabytes goes faster by foot than by DSL from the moment the distance is less than 1,225 kilometres ( 761 miles ) ”
Increasing the speed of broadband connections has its limits and is largely dependent on the distance from the telephone switchboard ( see the article “ faster internet is impossible ” ) .
Fibre connections do not have these limitations .
In most countries , these connections are reserved for large companies , universities and the government , but in Scandinavian countries they are already established .
To express the difference well with the broadband connection , let ’s choose a fibre connection with an upload and download speed of 100 Mbps ( the fastest connection available for private persons in Scandinavia ) .
It can send 12.5 megabytes per second , 750 megabytes per minute , 45 gigabytes per hour and 1 terabyte per day .
In this case , the sneakernet becomes interesting only when the file is larger than 500 gigabytes or 0.5 terabytes ( upload + download ) .
This compares to a half or a full hard disk of a computer .
However , by the time that fibre connections are established in all countries , one terabyte will not mean a thing anymore .
Let ’s assume it takes another ten years for all of us to receive a fibre connection in our home .
By that time , if storage media keep evolving the way they do today , the average computer has a hard disk of 1,024 terabytes ( or 1 petabyte ) .
Sending a full hard disk will then take considerably more time than it does today , in spite of the faster connection .
2 . Hiker versus the internet
The sneakernet does not need the impressive delivery speed of UPS or FedEx to beat the internet .
Imagine you put a portable hard disk of 500 gigabytes in your backpack and start walking ( 10 hours per day , 5 km / h ) .
In which cases are you faster than your internet connection ?
A dial - up connection needs about 2.5 years to send 500 gigabytes , and if the receiver also has a dial - up connection , it takes 2.5 years more .
The result is clear : a hiker is always faster than a dial - up connection transferring 500 gigabytes , even if he walks until the other end of the world ( which would take him – in theory at least – 400 days there and 400 days back ) .
A DSL - connection can send 11.5 gigabytes per day and thus needs 43 days to send 500 gigabytes .
Our hiker covers 2,150 kilometres ( 1,336 miles ) in 43 days .
If the receiver also has a DSL - connection , the download is much faster .
The file can be downloaded in just less than 6 days , while our hiker needs 43 days to come back .
Conclusion : sending 500 gigabytes goes faster by foot than by internet from the moment the distance is less than 1,225 kilometres ( 761 miles ) .
Driving
But , if our hiker gets into a Citroen 2CV from 1974 and drives to his destination at the car ’s top speed of 100 kilometres an hour ( 62 miles per hour ) , then he is faster than the broadband connection as long as the distance is less than 24,500 kilometres ( 15,223 miles ) .
That is 49,000 kilometres ( 30,447 miles ) divided by two , because the driver has to come back .
In this case we arrive at the same conclusion as before : a guy in an antique car is always faster than the internet when transferring 500 gigabytes of information , even if he drives to the other end of the world .
The Earth has a circumference of 40,000 kilometres ( 25,000 miles ) so 20,000 kilometres ( 12,500 miles ) of driving takes you to the other side – in theory , that is .
“ Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurtling down the highway ” , Andrew Tanenbaum
Of course a fibre connection is hard to beat – or is it ?
Fibre transfers 500 gigabytes in just 24 hours ( 12 hours of uploading , 12 hours of downloading ) .
Since our hiker only walks ten hours a day , he is only faster than the fibre connection if the distance is less than 25 kilometres or 15.5 miles ( 50 kilometres or 30 miles divided by 2 ) .
But , also in this case it is not hard to find a transport service that is faster than the internet .
If our hiker boards a plane and flies with a speed of 1,000 kilometres an hour ( 620 miles per hour ) to his destination , then he is faster than the fibre connection as long as the distance is less than 10,000 kilometres or 6,200 miles .
( He loses 4 hours waiting in the airport ) .
This means that , finally , the internet connection scores better than any other means of transport but only when the data has to be sent to the other side of the world .
Two hard disks
Unfortunately , this advantage disappears when our guy puts two 500 gigabyte hard disks in his backpack .
The fibre connection needs twice as much time to send this amount of data ( 48 hours ) , while our guy maintains his speed .
The larger the file is , the more interesting the sneakernet becomes compared to the internet , because the amount of data has no influence on the speed of the sneakernet ( except in the case of the hiker , who can take a few extra hard disks without lowering his speed or endurance , but not 20 of them ) .
If you fill up a freight train , a cargo ship or a large plane with hard disks , then of course even the fastest internet connection crumbles to nothing compared to the sneakernet , whatever the distance .
3. Carrier pigeon versus the internet
There is another way to send digital data : via carrier pigeon .
This may sound ridiculous ( and it has been a popular joke for many years ) , but thanks to shrinking storage media , the speed and capacity of the pigeon internet promises to become quite amazing .
Pigeons were the fastest means of communication for thousands of years , from early Antiquity to the arrival of the electrical telegraph in the 19th century .
Pigeons were used by private persons , governments , the military , press agencies and stockbrokers .
A well trained contemporary carrier pigeon can maintain a speed of 50 kilometres an hour ( 31 mph ) over a distance of 600 kilometres ( 373 miles ) , and carry a weight of 1 gram .
More ‘ freight ’ is possible , but then the performance goes down .
One gram does not seem to be much , but thanks to the increasing information density of storage media , this weight can already contain quite some data .
For instance , the Transcend Micro SD card ( meant for use in mobile telephones ) weighs 1 gram and has a capacity of 2 gigabytes .
Then how does the carrier pigeon resemble the internet ?
Compared to a fibre connection , the pigeon has to surrender quite fast .
This internet connection only needs 2.6 minutes to send 2 gigabytes .
A carrier pigeon only flies 2 kilometres ( 1.2 miles ) far in that time .
A carrier pigeon is thus faster than a fibre connection when the distance is shorter than 2 kilometres or 1.2 miles .
A broadband connection needs 4 hours to send 2 gigabytes , while the pigeon can reach a distance of 200 kilometres ( 125 miles ) in 4 hours .
This means that sending 2 gigabytes of information from Amsterdam to Brussels goes faster by carrier pigeon than by a fast broadband connection .
( The download goes faster , so if you also consider that the pigeon has to fly back , its advantage becomes smaller ) .
A dial - up connection needs 3.3 days to send 2 gigabytes , so in that case , the pigeon ( flying 600 km or 370 miles per day ) is faster than the internet up to a distance of about 2,000 kilometres ( 1,250 miles ) .
“ Ten years in the future , a carrier pigeon will be able to transfer 2 terabytes of information ”
The bandwidth of a carrier pigeon increases faster than the bandwidth of the internet .
Ten years in the future , the information density of storage media will have multiplied by a thousand , while the speed of the internet will only have multiplied by 350 .
This means that a pigeon will be able to carry 2 terabytes ( around 2,000 gigabytes ) while our fibre connection will need 8.5 minutes for sending the same amount of data .
The carrier pigeon is then faster than a fibre connection if the distance is less than 7 kilometres – compared to 2 kilometres today .
Compared to today ’s internet connections , a pigeon carrying 2 terabytes beats both the dial - up and the DSL - line , even if it has to fly to the other end of the world .
While the pigeon needs 33 days to reach the other end of the world ( flying 600 km or 370 miles per day ) , a dial - up needs 10 years to send 2 terabytes , a DSL connection 172 days .
A fibre connection needs 2 days to send 2 terabytes , so in ten years a pigeon will be faster than today ’s fibre connections up to a distance of 1,200 kilometres ( 745 miles ) .
Send the complete computer
The above calculations are a bit too simplistic .
There is another factor to consider : if you choose to send digital data via postal service , a hiker or a pigeon , you first have to transfer it from the computer to an external storage medium .
If you use the internet , this is not necessary .
The now obsolete USB 1.1 has a transfer speed of 12 Mbits per second ( which is still faster than our broadband connection ) .
USB 2.0 , which most of us use now , reaches 480 Mbps – almost 5 times faster than a fibre connection .
Transferring 500 gigabytes from your computer to an external hard disk thus takes an additional 2 hours .
The receiver has to transfer the information from the external hard disk to his or her computer , so this takes another two hours .
The sneakernet thus needs an extra 4 hours to send 500 gigabytes – unless you choose to send the complete computer ( without the monitor , of course ) .
This sounds ridiculous , but it happens more and more .
For most consumers today , a fibre connection of 100 Mbps would be more than enough .
But for many companies and institutions , this is not the case .
For instance , in the financial world , the movie industry and in scientific research , data files with a size of many terabytes are no exceptions .
If they have to be sent , the sneakernet is the preferred option .
Microsoft ( in 2002 ) as well as Google ( in 2007 ) developed logistic services for sending data files up to 120 terabytes .
“ The capacity of storage media is evolving 3 times faster than the speed of internet connections ”
There is another reason why the sneakernet is preferred in those cases : if you decide to send 500 gigabytes via the internet , your fibre connection is occupied for 12 hours .
You could use it for other things at the same time , but only at the expense of an even longer upload or download speed .
This advantage also plays on a much smaller scale ; it is faster and more practical to transfer your music collection from one music player to another , instead of making a detour via the internet .
Privacy is another advantage here .
Is the internet obsolete ?
The fact that it is many times faster and more practical to send the contents of a hard disk via courier does not mean that the internet is obsolete , or that we all have to start training carrier pigeons .
The advantage of the sneakernet only applies to files above a certain size .
This threshold lowers every year , but most internet applications require only a very limited transfer of data .
Downloading an email or a webpage rarely takes more than a minute , and the sneakernet will never be able to compete with that .
( Some nerds did transfer a webpage with pigeons , but that was another joke ) .
The sneakernet is being used for transferring emails and websites , but that happens only in places where there are computers but no internet connection .
Also , streaming of movies and music would be impossible with the sneakernet , because you could only start to watch or listen to the file once it arrived completely .
An application like videoconferencing would be impossible , too .
Digital cargo
However , the good performance of the sneakernet does raise a couple of questions .
For example : is the internet suited for the large scale distribution of high resolution movies or television programs ?
Many people see this as the future , but it seems not so plausible .
It might turn out that it will always be faster , cheaper and more practical to send high - res movies by postal service than by internet - companies like Netflix are already doing this .
The good performance of the sneakernet for sending large files is also another dent in the environmentally friendly image of the information society .
Energy - guzzling datacenters , toxic production methods and mountains of e-waste have already stained this perception .
Are truckloads of hard disks crossing the country another part of the 21st century information society ?
The virtual world seems to become more real every day .
Note :
Whether or not the sneakernet is cheaper than the internet is much harder to calculate , but some good efforts were made .
© Kris De Decker ( edited by Matt Hill ) .
Illustrations : Diego Marmolejo
Related :
About the author
( NewsTarget )
What if a diagnostic test actually triggers the life - threatening disease it is supposed to detect ?
According to a Johns Hopkins study just published in the , that may be exactly what happens when women at risk for genetic breast cancer are subjected to radiation exposure from annual mammograms .
According to the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) , about 13.2 percent of women in the general U.S. population will develop breast cancer .
But scientists have found that many women ( especially those with a strong family history of breast and / or ovarian cancers ) have altered genes , identified as BRCA1 or BRCA2 , which raise the risk of breast malignancies to around 85 percent .
It 's important to note that women are not routinely screened for an altered BRCA gene and the test costs several thousands of dollars .
So , bottom line , many women unknowingly carry this genetic risk for cancer .
Often , this hereditary form of breast cancer strikes at mid-life or younger -- so young women who have been tested and are found to have the deleterious gene are frequently advised to have their healthy breasts removed to prevent the disease .
At the very least , they are told to have annual mammograms as early as 25 years of age .
But when Amy Berrington de Gonzalez , D. Phil. , and colleagues at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore , looked at breast cancer mortality statistics in this group of women following five annual mammograms starting at various ages , they found a disturbing trend : far more cases of breast cancer developed than were expected .
In fact , the study indicates that women who underwent five mammograms between the ages of 24 and 29 would have an additional 26 breast cancers per 10,000 women due to the radiation .
Mammograms between the ages of 30 and 34 would produce an excess of 20 additional cancers and , between 35 and 39 , an additional 13 cancers .
However , because women with the altered BRCA gene are at such high risk for breast cancer in the first place , does the hope of identifying early cancerous lesions outweigh the risk of possibly triggering mammography - induced breast cancer ?
The researchers say the answer appears to be no .
That 's because mammography screening would have to reduce breast cancer mortality by 51 percent to outweigh the risks of the screening procedured for women between the ages of 24 and 29 , by 12 percent for those between 30 and 34 , and by 4 percent for those between 30 and 34 .
If their assumptions are right , the researchers conclude there is no benefit for mammograms in women under the age of 30 and only a marginal benefit for women between the ages of 30 and 34 .
" In the absence of direct empirical data , our estimates can be used by those involved in the decision - making process for BRCA mutation carriers to assess whether the benefits from early mammographic screening are likely to outweigh the radiation risks , " the researchers said in a statement to the media .
The idea that radiation might be harmful to women with this type of genetic breast cancer is n't new .
Back in 2001 , an article in , an on - line journal for physicians and other healthcare professionals , stated " .. it is very likely that a routine mammogram for women with BRCA - 1 or BRCA - 2 mutations is more dangerous than for women with normal BRCA genes . "
What 's more , the article points out that radiation therapy for BRCA - caused cancer , as well as the radiation from mammograms , may cause the malignancy to spread : " When a new tumor does appear in hereditary breast cancer , it may be a second primary ( tumor ) accelerated by unrepaired radiation damage while diagnosing or curing the first tumor . "
It 's also important to note that other researchers have questioned whether all women -- not only those with hereditary breast cancer -- are putting themselves at risk with yearly mammograms .
For example , research published last fall showed that breast cancer rates soared after regular mammography was started in four Norwegian countries ( https://www.naturalnews.com/024901.html ) .
In addition , Samuel S. Epstein M.D. , Professor Emeritus of Environmental Medicine at the University of Illinois at Chicago School of Public Health , and his colleagues conducted a review of 47 scientific articles about mammography .
Their article , " Dangers and Unreliability of Mammography : Breast Examination is a Safe , Effective , and Practical Alternative " , published in the ( 2001;31( 3) :605-15 ) concluded that mammogram screening carries many dangers , including induction and promotion of breast cancer , falsely positive and negative diagnosis of breast cancer , and over - diagnosis .
The researchers noted that a natural way to check for breast cancer has long been available that is at least as effective as mammography -- annual clinical breast examination ( CBE ) by a trained health professional , together with monthly breast self - examination ( BSE ) .
On the horizon : a new non-invasive breast cancer test that uses a simple saliva sample ( https://www.naturalnews.com/022774.html ) .
For more information on possible health risks associated with mammography : Sherry Baker is a widely published writer whose work has appeared in Newsweek , Health , the Atlanta Journal and Constitution , Yoga Journal , Optometry , Atlanta , Arthritis Today , Natural Healing Newsletter , OMNI , UCLA 's " Healthy Years " newsletter , Mount Sinai School of Medicine 's " Focus on Health Aging " newsletter , the Cleveland Clinic 's " Men 's Health Advisor " newsletter and many others .
Leave a Reply
Dr. Gary Strobel and his fellow researchers at Montana State University are conducting further research studies on this fungus , to determine ways to produce biofuel from the fungus and to increase the diesel molecules that are created by the fungus .
With the growing need for clean fuel and energy around the world , finding a biofuel source like this fungus is incredible .
This one fungus discovery may provide the answer to all of the fuel needed , produced , and used in vehicles in the future .
This one research breakthrough has enormous consequences concerning the best alternative fuel source .
If Gliocladium roseum can be produced cost effectively , it is likely to be the biofuel source most commonly used .
This fungus can even digest cellulose and produce the biodiesel molecules , making it a very effective alternative energy source that may have far reaching implications and benefits .
Scientific research into efficient and cost effective biofuels have gone on for years , and have made many advancements but have not solved the energy and fuel problem .
There was hope when Tel Aviv University scientists discovered a fungus that is very resistant to extreme temperatures and conditions .
Professor Amir Sharon of the Plant Sciences at Tel Aviv University , together with Dr. Sima Barhoom , developed a fungus which had transgenic properties .
This fungus could make the ethanol production process from corn much more efficient and cost efective .
Using corn to make biofuel has been criticized by many countries though , because it uses food crops .
A scientific research breakthrough concerning biodiesel from trees as a biofuel source may be the answer the world has been waiting for .
Dr. Gary Strobel , a researcher at Montana State University , discovered a new fungus that grows on specific trees in the Patagonia rain forest .
This fungus is unique , and the only one found to have such a big effect on biofuel .
It is called Gliocladium roseum , and the fungus only grows on the the Ulmo tree , and it only develops under certain very low oxygen conditions .
This fungus makes different molecules that consist of carbon and hydrogen , almost identical to the molecules found in traditional diesel fuel .
When grown in the lab this fungus is even more identical to diesel .
This breakthrough for fungus biodiesel has made some of the researchers at Montana State University , and at other colleges and research institutes , think twice about the possible origin of fossil fuels under the ground .
If large amounts of this fungi have been present in the past , it is possible that this contributed to the fossil fuel reserves .
This has enormous possibilities for the planet .
Biodiesel is an alternative fuel source that does not pollute or emit harmful greenhouse gases like traditional fossil fuels do .
With global warming accelerating and the ice shelves melting , the time must be now to stop the damage that fossil fuels do to the planet .
Otherwise we will have reached the point of no return , and the damage will be irreversible .
Fungus biodiesel is an important biofuel source that can very well solve the energy needs for the future in a way that does not harm the environment , or cause fuel costs to skyrocket .
The discovery of the Gliocladium roseum fungus , which provides biodiesel from trees , is the biggest biofuel scientific breakthrough that has ever occurred .
Fungus biofuel can end the dependence on foreign oil , and the hostile nations who control these resources , and instead provide a fuel source right here domestically , with no threats due to political instability or a fuel embargo .
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Apparently , the Photosynth glitching and iPhone - like GPS blip on CNN were n't the only high tech actions in play at President Obama 's inauguration yesterday .
According to one of our favorite daily reads , Officer.com , the Prez was wearing " bullet - resistant clothing , " which experts ( and sci - fi fanatics ) are taking to mean a bullet - proof suit .
The folks over at Slate speculate that he might have been adorned in an outfit manufactured by MIguel Caballero , a Colombian company that specializes in bullet - resistant gear like leather jackets , windbreakers , and yes ... ruffled tuxedo shirts .
We 'd like to imagine that stuffed into the pocket of that handsome outfit he was sporting was a Kevlar handkerchief -- but listen up Obama : Sasha and Malia are not going to be down with that bulletproof backpack VBS.tv went down to Colombia and actually tested out Caballero 's wares -- check out a video after the break .
[ Via Wired
The incoming Obama administration is prepared to abandon George Bush 's ­doctrine of isolating Hamas by establishing a channel to the Islamist organisation , sources close to the transition team say .
The move to open contacts with Hamas , which could be initiated through the US intelligence services , would represent a definitive break with the Bush ­presidency 's ostracising of the group .
The state department has designated Hamas a terrorist organisation , and in 2006 ­Congress passed a law banning US financial aid to the group .
The Guardian has spoken to three ­people with knowledge of the discussions in the Obama camp .
There is no talk of Obama approving direct diplomatic negotiations with Hamas early on , but he is being urged by advisers to initiate low - level or clandestine approaches , and there is growing recognition in Washington that the policy of ostracising Hamas is counter - productive .
A tested course would be to start ­contacts through Hamas and the US intelligence services , similar to the secret process through which the US engaged with the PLO in the 1970s .
Israel did not become aware of the contacts until much later .
A UN resolution was agreed last night at the UN , calling for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire between Hamas and Israeli forces in Gaza .
The resolution was passed , though the US , represented by secretary of state Condoleezza Rice , abstained .
Richard Haass , a diplomat under both Bush presidents who was named by a number of news organisations this week as Obama 's choice for Middle East envoy , supports low - level contacts with Hamas provided there is a ceasefire in place and a Hamas - Fatah reconciliation emerges .
Another potential contender for a ­foreign policy role in the Obama administration suggested that the president - elect would not be bound by the Bush doctrine of isolating Hamas .
" This is going to be an administration that is committed to negotiating with ­critical parties on critical issues , " the source said .
There are a number of options that would avoid a politically toxic scenario for Obama of seeming to give legitimacy to Hamas .
" Secret envoys , multilateral six - party talk - like approaches .
The total isolation of Hamas that we promulgated under Bush is going to end , " said Steve Clemons , the director of the American Strategy ­Programme at the New America ­Foundation .
" You could do something through the Europeans .
You could invent a structure that is multilateral .
It is going to be hard for the neocons to swallow , " he said .
" I think it is going to happen . "
But one Middle East expert close to the transition team said : " It is highly unlikely that they will be public about it . "
The two weeks since Israel began its military campaign against Gaza have heightened anticipation about how Obama intends to deal with the Middle East .
He adopted a strongly pro-Israel position during the election campaign , as did his erstwhile opponent and choice for secretary of state , Hillary Clinton .
But it is widely thought Obama would adopt a more even - handed approach once he is president .
His main priority now , in the remaining days before his inauguration , is to ensure the crisis does not rob him of the chance to set his own foreign policy agenda , rather than merely react to events .
" We will be perceived to be weak and feckless if we are perceived to be on the margins , unable to persuade the Israelis , unable to work with the international community to end this , " said Aaron David Miller , a former state department adviser on the Middle East .
" Unless he is prepared to adopt a policy that is tougher , fairer and smarter than both of his predecessors you might as well hang a closed - for - the - season sign on any chance of America playing an effective role in defusing the current crisis or the broader crisis , " he said .
Obama has defined himself in part by his willingness to talk to America 's enemies .
But the president - elect would be wary of being seen to give legitimacy to Hamas as a consequence of the war in Gaza .
Bruce Hoffman , a ­counterterrorism expert at George­town University 's school of foreign ­service , said it was unlikely that Obama would move to initiate contacts with Hamas unless the radical faction in Damascus was crippled by the conflict in Gaza .
" This would really be dependent on Hamas 's military wing having suffered a real , almost decisive , drubbing . "
Even with such caveats , there is ­growing agreement , among Republicans as well as Democrats , on the need to engage Hamas to achieve a sustainable peace in the Middle East – even among Obama 's close advisers .
In an article published on Wednesday on the website Foreign Affairs , but apparently written before the fighting in Gaza , Haass , who is president of the Council on Foreign Relations , wrote : " If the ceasefire between Israel and Hamas continues to hold and a Hamas - PA reconciliation emerges , the Obama administration should deal with the joint Palestinian leadership and authorise low - level contact between US officials and Hamas in Gaza . "
The article was written with Martin Indyk , a former US ambassador to Israel and an adviser to Hillary Clinton .
Obama has said repeatedly that ­restoring America 's image in the world would rank among the top priorities of his administration , and there has been widespread praise for his choice of Clinton as secretary of state and Jim Jones , the former Marine Corps commandant , as his national security adviser .
He is expected to demonstrate that commitment to charting a new foreign policy within days when he is expected to name a roster of envoys to take charge of key foreign policy areas : Iran , the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , India - Pakistan , and North Korea .
Obama has frustrated and confused those who had been looking for a more evenhanded approach to the Israeli - ­Palestinian conflict by his refusal to make any substantive comment on Israel 's ­military campaign on Gaza , nearly two weeks on .
He said on Wednesday : " We can not be sending a message to the world that there are two different administrations conducting foreign policy .
" Until I take office , it would be ­imprudent of me to start sending out ­signals that somehow we are running ­foreign policy when I am not legally authorised to do so . "
Mr Madoff , who spent Christmas under nightly house arrest after failing to find the four people needed to guarantee his $ 10 m bail , was charged last month by federal prosecutors with directing an alleged Ponzi scheme through his New York investment firm .
Tags
President Bush has proposed a $ 1.6 trillion tax cut .
I would like to suggest that the president modify his tax proposal .
He should increase the size of his tax cut to $ 21 trillion .
Well , it ’s not really a $ 21 trillion tax cut .
It ’s a $ 2.1 trillion tax cut .
I got the $ 21 trillion figure by projecting it for ten years , just as Bush does with his .
I do n’t know why Washington projects these tax cuts for ten years , since federal budgets are only good for one year and can be changed any time thereafter .
But , you say , is n’t $ 2.1 trillion the entire federal budget for one year ?
Right you are .
Let me explain my proposal , using fourth - grade math .
[ Note :
If the following figures are off by a couple billion bucks , blame the OMB press office for not returning my phone call . ]
The feds are going to extort $ 2,084 billion from us this year .
But they are only going to spend $ 1,868 billion .
If we eliminate all overpayments , you have a $ 216 billion tax cut .
Now , let me give you back $ 210 billion more , which is what we pay in interest to those who were silly enough to lend money to the government .
This has a side benefit of discouraging anyone from lending to the government again , as well as encouraging sound fiscal policy in the future .
Total tax cut so far — $ 426 billion .
Let ’s do some more easy tax cuts .
Let ’s eliminate a bunch of departments we could do without .
In the name of the Ninth and Tenth Amendments , I hereby abolish :
Agriculture Grows no crops .
$ 19 billion Commerce Neither makes nor sells merchandise .
$ 6 billion Education Know anyone educated by the Department of Education ?
$ 34 billion Energy Jimmy Carter ’s idea — need I say more ?
$ 17 billion HHS Dump the FDA , our most lethal agency .
Whatever
else HHS does , it ’s bad .
$ 54 billion HUD Inventor of " the projects " ; destroyer of cities .
$ 37 billion Interior
An independent nation larger than France .
$ 9 billion Labor Engages in no actual labor .
$ 12 billion Transportation Capitol of pork .
( Keep the Coast Guard . ) $ 48 billion Corps of Eng Causes floods .
See FEMA .
$ 4 billion FEMA
This agency ’s a disaster ( in dealing with the floods caused
by the Corps of Engineers ) .
$ 3 billion EPA
If you want an important job done badly ,
give it to a federal bureaucracy .
$ 7 billion Foreign Aid Retirement fund for corrupt dictators / bribing
Egypt and Israel to pretend to like each other .
$ 11 billion NASA Challenger .
Need I say more ?
$ 14 billion SBA
They only waste a billion dollars each year ,
but they waste it magnificently .
$ 1 billion
By eliminating these useless and destructive agencies , we save an additional $ 276 billion , all of which goes into our tax cut .
I still ca n’t believe the gigantic size of the budgets of HUD , HHS , Education , and Transportation .
I ’d love to spend time detailing how useless and destructive these agencies are .
Instead , just see any book by James Bovard .
Total tax cut so far — $ 702 billion .
The Justice Department / INS spends $ 20 billion .
Cut out all the make - believe crimes like drug possession and failure to file form 57 ( e ) , and abolish the DEA , and we can cut their budget down to , say , $ 7 billion .
Net savings — $ 13 billion
Total tax cut so far — $ 715 billion .
The Treasury Department spends $ 14 billion .
First , since we ’re eliminating all federal taxes , bye , bye , IRS ( $ 8 billion ! ) .
Next , abolish the ATF and strip U. S. Customs of its tax - collecting and strip - search functions and save 3 billion .
That leaves the Treasury with about $ 3 billion to do goodness - knows - what .
Net savings — $ 11 billion
Total tax cut so far — $ 726 billion
Veteran ’s Affairs spends $ 22 billion .
They do important work , but they waste a lot of money too .
They can get by with $ 14 billion .
If not , we ’ll raid the huge defense budget — but more about that later .
Net savings — $ 8 billion .
Total tax cut so far — $ 734 billion
Medicare and Medicaid ( socialized medicine ) have greatly harmed the health - care industry .
They have caused a tremendous increase in the price of health - care services by artificially inflating demand ; they have raised costs by separating consumption from payment ; and they have led to the bureaucratization of this vital industry .
Like all government programs , they deliver less for more .
Scrap them , and we save $ 342 billion .
Total tax cut so far — $ 1,076 billion .
Socialism Security impoverishes working people , prevents them from investing in real wealth creation , funds the welfare - warfare state , and makes our parents and grandparents political pawns of the federal government .
Scrap this scheme , and we save $ 438 billion .
As Harry Browne suggests , we can sell off government assets and buy annuities for those dependent on Socialism Security and federal pensions ( another $ 80 billion ) .
Total tax cut so far — $ 1,594 billion .
Bill Clinton ended welfare as he and Newt knew it , but they did not end welfare as we know it .
The federal budget is loaded with redistributionist schemes that do n’t work for anybody , except for the middle - class bureaucrats who make large salaries staffing them and the politicians who buy votes with them .
When you keep your own money , it ’s called criminal tax evasion ; when others want to own your money , they call it an " entitlement . "
By providing incentives for people not to work or get married , the welfare state has greatly reinforced the social foundation of the permanent underclass — single - parent families headed mostly by women .
It also directly impoverishes people by taxing them and every commodity , good , or service they buy .
The poor can no longer afford to have the federal government look after them .
True poverty , being that poverty not caused by misguided government programs , is a problem best dealt with at the local level .
There is no space here to prove that government welfare does n’t work .
May I suggest a midsummer night ’s stroll through the South Bronx ?
For those who would prefer a more abstract lesson , let me just say that the failure of government to solve problems can be explained by just four interrelated ideas that are so simple , you do n’t have to go to college to learn them .
In fact , odds are , you would n’t learn them in college anyway .
I did n’t .
First , the private sector is superior to government as a problem - solver because private transactions require the consent of all parties to them .
When government interacts with people , there is always at least one party that is forced to participate and that is , therefore , abused and exploited .
Second , private decisions are made by individuals and firms that know more about their particular circumstances than anyone else could possibly know .
In contrast , governments cannot know as much about the persons and institutions they deal with and thus are forced to make and enforce arbitrary general rules that apply the same to different people and different circumstances , regardless of the absurd or unjust consequences .
Third , because , in the words of Frederic Bastiat , people are not clay , they always react and respond to the state ’s use of power against them in ways that result in unintended and negative consequences from the state ’s point of view , now fashionably called " blowback . "
Fourth , the widespread use of state power erodes private morality , as people learn from the state ’s actions and rationalizations that it is acceptable to use force against others to achieve your goals .
Unfortunately , the state and its politicians — corrupt , mendacious , rapacious , lascivious , and ruthless — have become the great moral teachers of our time .
Thus , the government ’s vaunted power to do good is an illusion .
The power that liberals wish to apply to social problems destroys the natural harmony among people that leads to peace and prosperity .
People are on their best behavior when they can achieve their goals only by coordinating their plans and goals with willing others .
People are at their worst when they can use power to achieve their goals while trampling on the plans , goals , and values of others .
Statists believe that people are too stupid and irresponsible to run their own lives but , paradoxically , are smart enough and intelligent enough to vote for politicians who will appoint the bureaucrats who will tell them how to live .
This is the conundrum that underlies our democracy today .
The opposite is true : People in general are capable of managing their own affairs but are utterly incapable of managing the affairs of millions of their fellow citizens and are even less capable of running a global empire .
For example , the war on poverty institutionalizes poverty , the war on drugs leads to the use of more dangerous drugs , urban " renewal " causes homelessness , the FDA kills people by depriving them of medicine , the war on racism increases racial tensions , the minimum wage causes unemployment , and on and on and on .
Globally , our frequent wars and interventions have led only to more war , the expansion of communism , and , more recently , to the scourge of terrorism .
Because the government is not and cannot be a force for good , even liberals should cheer , not fear , the dismantling of the regulatory and welfare state .
Scrap the federal welfare state , and we save $ 173 billion .
Total tax cut so far — $ 1,767 billion .
The 2001 budget proposes to spend $ 288 billion on national " defense . "
This is a misnomer .
Virtually all of this money is spent on our national offense .
It is spent to provide us with the wherewithal to fight one and one - half foreign wars and to police the world and intervene in the affairs of countries and regions far , far away , whose ancient antagonisms we do not understand and cannot suppress .
The true nature of our national defense posture has been obfuscated for many years .
As for nuclear attack , we have no defense whatsoever .
We have no way to stop the bombs from falling , and no reasonable person who does n’t own stock in defense industries believes that we will have such a defense in the near future .
Query :
Which is easier , ( 1 ) figuring out how to shoot nuclear missiles out of the air , or ( 2 ) minding our own business so other countries do n’t want to fire missiles at us ?
Only a Ph.D. in political science would not be able to answer that question .
The actual risk of a conventional military invasion of the United States has been exaggerated for many decades .
The last time a hostile military force invaded one of the United States was 1861 when the Union army invaded Virginia .
( Pearl Harbor was an air raid on a colony stolen from the natives . )
The United States was never at risk of an invasion from Nazi Germany , and the United States is not now , nor will it be in the near or far future , in danger of an invasion from Communist China .
Think about it .
Five million Chinese troops — a number not adequate to subdue us — would need five thousand troop ships to convey them six thousand miles to our shores , escorted by the U. S. Air Force , where they would be six thousand miles from the nearest supply depot .
What does threaten our security is our huge stockpile of nuclear weapons .
Our strange love of nuclear weapons tempts us into pushing other countries around .
These countries put two and two together and conclude that if they had nukes like we do , they could push other countries around as well .
The world becomes one big nuclear coming - out party , courtesy of the United States , the only country ever to explode these ghastly weapons with people around .
We can drastically reduce our " defense " spending if we limit spending to our actual defense needs : deterring invasion by a foreign power .
We can deter such an invasion and cut defense spending by relying on a militia rather than a standing army .
The problem with standing armies is that they do n’t stand ; they march — usually into other countries .
Also , since they are supported and controlled by the government , they can be used to suppress and control the people in times of crisis .
Here ’s my idea .
Scrap the million - man army — keeping a small number of technicians to care for the high - tech stuff — and replace it with a fifty million - man militia , as in Switzerland .
If you take the number of able - bodied men in America between the ages of eighteen and fifty , and subtract the crazies and wimps , you could have about fifty million men ready to defend the United States from that imaginary , non-existent invasion from the Chinese that will never happen .
With each militiaman armed with an assault rifle , pistol , and shotgun ( for old times ’ sake ) , they should be able to handle that five million - man Chinese army ( which would already have been blown out of the water by our streamlined Air Force and Navy somewhere around the Philippine Sea . )
Not only is a militia fully capable of defending the nation from attack — and , therefore , of deterring such a futile attack in the first place — but militias enhance security in other ways as well .
Since militias , unlike standing armies , do actually stand and defend , and do not march and invade , they are no threat to the security of other nations .
They therefore encourage other nations to de-escalate their own military machines and concerns and reduce the prospect of conventional or nuclear " preemptive strikes . "
The other beauty of militias is that they just happen to solve a fundamental political problem .
We give the government military power to deter foreign invasion .
How do we prevent the evil that characterized the twentieth century , a state ’s use of the military to tyrannize , exploit , draft , overtax , conscript , and massly murder its own people ?
The militia system reduces such risk to an absolute minimum by giving the bulk of the military power — grunts on the ground with guns — to the people themselves .
I guess the framers of the Second Amendment may have known a thing or two about history and political science after all .
We ’ll still need a much smaller high - tech professional navy and air force — practice blowing up troop ships , boys — but , with a vastly reduced mission , we can drastically cut the offense budget .
I think the military can get by with $ 70 billion , which is five times as much as China spends .
But no more thousand - dollar toilet seats .
Net Savings — $ 218 billion .
Total tax cut so far — $ 1,985 billion
Finally , we get to the three branches of government actually authorized by the Constitution .
Congress ’s budget is $ 3 billion .
I ’ve been to the Russell Office building .
These people live like kings .
No wonder they never leave to go back to the old hometown .
How are you going to keep them down on the farm after they ’ve seen D. C.?
Give each congressman a $ 2 million budget — more than they deserve .
Round it off to an even billion .
Net Savings — $ 2 billion
Total tax cut so far — $ 1,987 billion
The judiciary ’s budget is $ 4 billion .
Even though resolving disputes is the main rationale for government , their budget is still too high .
Since we ’re getting rid of much of the federal court workload — drug and other imaginary crimes and administrative suits for or against the alphabet - soup agencies — they should be able to get by with $ 2 billion .
Net Savings — $ 2 billion
Total tax cut so far — $ 1,989 billion
The president ’s own office expense is less than a billion .
I know we could gut it with no ill effects .
After all , Lincoln ran a military dictatorship with two secretaries .
But , it ’s less than a billion , and if you think I am going to start figuring out fractions of a billion , you ’re crazy .
Round it up to $ 1 billion .
So , we have whittled the federal budget down to about $ 100 billion .
That amounts to a $ 2 trillion tax cut .
Not bad for one short article .
But I promised a 2.1 trillion tax cut ; I still owe you another $ 100 billion .
My idea for achieving that is so simple that no Ph.D. in public administration would ever think of it .
A tax is the forcible seizure of private wealth by the state .
Taxation violates the Eighth Commandment ’s ban on theft and violates the individual ’s natural moral right to own himself and own the products of his own labor .
Thus , taxation — contrary to that overrated jurist in a perpetually bad mood , Oliver Wendell Holmes — is incompatible with civilization .
What is civilization , after all , but that state of affairs in which human beings deal with one another , not by brute force , but by reason , resulting in a flowering of all the products of reason : culture , science , art , community , economy , and philosophy ?
The twentieth century proved , if you were paying any attention , that taxation is the great enemy of civilization .
How do you think Hitler paid for that army ?
With voluntary contributions ?
How did Stalin pay for the Gulag Archipelago ?
With bake sales ?
Ultimately , all the hot , warm , and cold wars and genocides and classicides and nuclearicides of the dismal twentieth century were paid for by taxation .
Barbarism is the price we pay for taxation .
Without taxation , how do we raise that $ 100 billion to fund the restoration of freedom ?
Here ’s my plan .
All 200 million Americans of voting age would get a statement from the government suggesting that they pay their fair share of the budget .
With a budget of $ 100 billion , that would amount to a mere $ 500 per person .
I truly believe that the vast majority would send in their money .
Some would send in more ; some would send in less ; some would send in nothing at all .
That ’s OK .
That would mean merely that they believe their funds would be better spent elsewhere .
If the federal government is unable to convince those people that its good works deserve their support , the government will have to either get the money elsewhere or cut its budget — just like everyone else does .
And do n’t tell me about " free riders . "
It ’s my plan that eliminates the free riders : people who live at the expense of unwilling others .
Besides , I ’d rather have a few " free riders " than have a whole nation of tax slaves ( unfree carriers ) .
The federal government would have a few carrots and sticks to use , however .
Though no one would be denied protection of the law for their failure to contribute , there are certain peripheral rights and benefits that could be denied to recalcitrant citizens .
First , no pay , no vote .
The fairness of that is obvious .
We ’ll exempt people who are absolutely disabled from working and unable to pay .
Able - bodied people who are unable to contribute could contribute in - kind services instead of money to fulfill their moral obligation .
So , no one can complain that my proposal involves any sort of poll tax .
Second , no pay , no jury trial in civil cases .
If you have a civil suit , tell it to the judge !
Frankly , I would send my money in .
Nonpayers would be charged slightly higher user fees for various services , passports , court filing fees , and so on .
Nonpayers would be barred from government employment .
These and other gentle inducements could be used to persuade people to contribute .
No fundamental rights would be taken away , however , and , if you did not contribute , no IRS agents could have you arrested , seize your assets , or shoot you dead .
There would be no taxes !
All in all , though , I think the vast majority will contribute .
Remember , most people will be saving thousands of dollars with my $ 2.1 trillion tax cut .
Also , the economy — unburdened by enormous taxes and the numerous bureaucracies we have eliminated — will soar , providing us with far greater resources to pay the measly 500 bucks , the cost of two days ’ vacation .
So there you have it : a $ 2.1 trillion tax cut that restores the constitutional republic and dismantles our 140 - country , global military empire — the fountain of terrorism , the main stimulus to an insane global nuclear arms race , and the greatest threat to our national security in the twenty - first century .
On April 15th , give your congressmen a taxing experience : E - mail them a copy of this article .
Starch grains preserved on human teeth reveal that ancient Peruvians ate a variety of cultivated crops including squash , beans , peanuts and the fruit of cultivated pacay trees .
This finding by Dolores Piperno , staff scientist at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute and the National Museum of Natural History , and Tom Dillehay , professor of archaeology at Vanderbilt University , sets the date of the earliest human consumption of beans and pacay back by more than 2,000 years and indicates that New World people were committed farmers earlier than previously thought .
In northern Peru ’s Ñanchoc Valley , Dillehay and colleagues recovered human teeth from hearths and floors of permanent , roundhouse structures .
Human bone , plant remains and charcoal closely associated with the teeth are approximately 6,000 to 8,000 years old according to carbon - dating techniques .
Piperno examined 39 human teeth , probably from six to eight individuals .
“ Some teeth were dirtier than others .
We found starch grains on most of the teeth .
About a third of the teeth contained large numbers of starch grains , ” Piperno said .
To identify the starch grains , Piperno compared the particles in tooth scrapings with her modern reference collection of starch grains from more than 500 economically important plants .
“ We found starch from a variety of cultivated plants : squash , Phaseolus beans — either limas or common beans , possibly , but not certainly the former , pacay and peanuts , ” said Piperno .
“ Parts of plants that often are not evident in archeological remains , such as the flesh of squash fruits and the nuts of peanuts , do produce identifiable starch grains . ”
Starch from squash found on the teeth affirms that early people were eating the plants and not simply using them for nonfood purposes , such as for making containers or net floats .
Whether or not some of the earliest cultivated plants , such as squashes , were grown as dietary items has been a long - debated question among students of early agriculture .
Evidence that foods had been cooked was also visible on some of the starch grains .
“ We boiled beans in the lab to see what cooked starch grains looked like — and recognized these gelatinized or heat - damaged grains in the samples from the teeth , ” said Piperno .
Starch from raw and roasted peanuts looks similar , probably because it is protected within the hull .
Starch grains from four of the crops were found consistently through time indicating that beans , peanuts , squash and pacay were important food sources then , as they are today .
“ Starch analysis of teeth , which , unlike other archaeobotanical techniques , provides direct evidence of plant consumption , should greatly improve our ability to address other important questions in human dietary change relating to even earlier time periods , ” said Piperno .
The results of this study appear online in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the week of Dec. 1 - 5 , 2008 .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
GIMP – which stands for GNU Image Manipulation Program – is a testament to how open source applications can successfully compete with their proprietary , commercial counterparts .
Rich with an amazing set of useful tools and effects filters in a user - friendly GUI , GIMP is an excellent application for image editing and graphics creation .
In this article , you ’ll find 10 excellent sites that feature design tutorials and information about GIMP .
Gimp - tutorials .net is a blog - format site that also features user - submitted tutorials .
Some tutorials you ’ll find in Gimp - tutorials .
net are " Blog Theme Design tutorial " , " Adding life into a Flat Photograph " and " Split - toning in GIMP " .
2. GimpTalk
GimpTalk is a large community site for anything and everything GIMP - related .
GimpTalk has a GIMP Tutorials and Tips forum which has excellent and useful tutorials like " GIMP Scripting 101 " , " Setting up GIMP for artistic work " , and " Pencil drawing with GIMP " .
Gimpology is a place that allows users to submit their own GIMP tutorials or share links to tutorials they ’ve found on the web .
Some popular tutorials on Gimpology include " Fake HDR Look in Gimp " , " Authentic Vintage Effect " , and " Make Your Photo Look Like a Hollywood Movie " .
The official GIMP site has a tutorial section that features detailed tutorials to help users get up and running with GIMP .
There ’s also a section for more advanced users to help them master GIMP , helping them learn about how to apply a sketched effect on a photo or how to create professional icons .
GIMPguru.org is a site dedicated to sharing information about photo- editing and photo- manipulation in GIMP .
The tutorial section has a host of useful tutorials that show you how to blend exposures to increase dynamic range and how to simulate film grain , among other techniques .
gimpusers.com is a site portal for GIMP users .
It has a GIMP News section that shares recent events regarding GIMP , a forum , and a tutorials section that ’s subdivided into categories such as Basics , Special FX , and Video tutorials .
PA Blog is a graphic design weblog by Putera Aladin .
The GIMP Tutorials section features a useful collection of wonderful GIMP tutorials like " Cool Typography Design Poster in Gimp " and " Parrot Photo Manipulation " .
GIMP Tutorials aggregates a huge collection of tutorials on GIMP .
Check out the Most Viewed section to quickly see the most popular GIMP tutorials on the site .
9. Gtuts.com
Gtuts.com is a website that strives to share quality GIMP tutorials .
On Gtuts.com , you can find tutorials on how to make a round Web 2.0 button and how to make a gray day brighter .
10 . Meet the GIMP !
Meet the GIMP !
presents video tutorials on GIMP in podcast format .
You can find videos on how to render images with a film grain effect and using Layers in GIMP , among other topics .
Related content
Being a bookish - type , undoubtedly of frail disposition and chary of crowds and vulgarity , you might not be aware of the concept of mash - ups .
Generally , in the strange and frightening world of young people , this involves some enterprising soul taking two popular music records and taking bits from one - normally the vocals - and playing them over bits from another , usually the music .
At a loose end , I started trying the same trick with literature .
Not with the texts themselves ( think of the gargoyles you 'd produce !
Ian McEwan 's dialogue blended with Thomas Hardy 's descriptions … ) but with the titles ; a kind of literary version of those " what do you get if you cross ..? " jokes .
Combining Billy Liar and Outliers gave me Billy Outlier , by Keith Waterhouse and Malcolm Gladwell – a book that , one assumes , would posit that northerners with overactive imaginations are the best - placed sector of society to triumph in the world today .
Rosemary 's Tar Baby , by Ira Levin and Toni Morrison , meanwhile , would presumably see a disparate group of Americans gathering in a Caribbean mansion owned by Satan 's daughter .
This is n't my creation , of course .
It 's one of those internet memes that surface every now and again , most often using film titles but occasionally books .
Over on the Miss Cellania website the topic was tackled last summer , picking up a baton that apparently started off from the Washington Post .
Of those mentioned on her blog , I like the mash - up of Shakespeare and Seuss best : " Green Eggs and Hamlet - Would you kill him in his bed ?
Thrust a dagger through his head ?
I would not , could not , kill the King .
I could not do that evil thing .
I would not wed this girl , you see .
Now get her to a nunnery . "
The Infomancy blog has also joined in the fun , and showed that with a clever bit of tweaking you can mash - up books without actually mentioning the correct titles , like this : " 2001 : A Space Iliad - The Hal 9000 computer wages an insane 10 - year war against the Greeks after falling victim to the Y2 K bug . "
Great stuff , though a shade too advanced , perhaps , for the amateur book - masher .
My suggestion this Friday , therefore , is that we all have a go .
Before handing over , here are a couple more of mine :
Jurassic Lunar Park , by Michael Crichton and Bret Easton Ellis :
A hip author addicted to prescribed medication imagines he sees tyrannosaurs in his daughter 's bedroom .
At the Brokeback Mountains of Madness , By Annie Proulx and HP Lovecraft :
Two cowboys spend some time on an arctic peak and find a gateway to another world .
The Story of I ( Robot ) by Isaac Asimov and Pauline Réage :
The sexual awakening of a young android , who really learns the meaning of the Second Law of Robotics : A robot must obey orders given by human beings , except where such orders would conflict with the First Law .
Your turn .
H. Beatty Chadwick , third from right , and his wife , Bobbie , center , smile at a high society dinner in Philadelphia in 1988 .
( AP Photo / Courtesy of Bobbie Chadwick ) As Christmas approaches , a Loyal LB Reader suggested we check in on H. Beatty Chadwick , the lawyer who will be spending his 14th Christmas in a row behind bars .
It 's a good tip .
Chadwick was locked up for contempt of court for his failure to cough up $ 2.5 million in a 1994 divorce proceeding .
According to the Philadelphia Inquirer , Chadwick , 72 , who 's battling cancer , has set a U.S. record for time served over a contempt charge .
From the Inquirer : After a hearing ...
Want to bend President Obama to your will ?
Yes we can !
This new , sharply detailed Barack Obama action figure from Japan 's Gamu - Toys comes with a batch of presidential accessories - weapons not included .
Gamu - Toys is a Japanese manufacturer of action figures and accessories who have previously focused on anime and manga characters .
Now they 've made a change we can believe in - by producing an incredibly lifelike - though not life size - Barack Obama action figure !
The figurine 's head is precisely molded to resemble the 44th president , down to the mole on the left side of his nose .
It seems like you can order your figurine with your choice of a Normal or Speech type head , but either way you get an interesting group of accessories with which to make your Obama figurine as presidential as possible - and then some !
All accessories appear to be high - quality ; the flagpole and stool are made of wood and the flagstand is of metal .
Also included are two neckties ( red and blue ) , a wristwatch , an American flag , a microphone and three pairs of interchangeable hands ( open , clenched fists and with pointed index fingers ) .
He even wears a wedding ring , so not to worry any future First Lady figurines .
The Obama figurine comes with removable clothing ( easy , gals ) and he even sports a miniature American flag pin on his suit 's lapel .
Neat , huh ?
Gamu - Toys has seen fit to showcase the Obama action figure in action .
The expected poses : sitting on the stool speechifying or acting casual holding his suit over one shoulder are impressive enough , but then it gets weird ...
See Obama flash his War Face as he grasps the flag in both hands !
Watch him wield a pistol , an Uzi and ... a samurai sword ??
Cheer him on as he takes on ultimate evildoer Darth Vader in a duel of lightsabers !
Whew ... and yet , the power of Obamamania makes it all seem so right .
( via Tokyomango , images via Gamu - Toys )
UPDATE : Obama action figures are now available at Rinkya Stores !
It is still not available in the U.S , but Safari has made it 's own presidential toy set .
Figure 1
Not since NASA 's Voyager 1 spacecraft saw our home as a pale blue dot from beyond the orbit of Neptune has Earth been imaged in color from the outer solar system .
Now , Cassini casts powerful eyes on our home planet , and captures Earth , a pale blue orb -- and a faint suggestion of our moon -- among the glories of the Saturn system .
Earth is captured here in a natural color portrait made possible by the passing of Saturn directly in front of the sun from Cassini 's point of view .
At the distance of Saturn 's orbit , Earth is too narrowly separated from the sun for the spacecraft to safely point its cameras and other instruments toward its birthplace without protection from the sun 's glare .
The Earth - and - moon system is visible as a bright blue point on the right side of the image above center .
Here , Cassini is looking down on the Atlantic Ocean and the western coast of north Africa .
The phase angle of Earth , seen from Cassini is about 30 degrees .
A magnified view of the image ( see figure 1 ) taken through the clear filter ( monochrome ) shows the moon as a dim protrusion to the upper left of Earth .
Seen from the outer solar system through Cassini 's cameras , the entire expanse of direct human experience , so far , is nothing more than a few pixels across .
Earth no longer holds the distinction of being our solar system 's only " water world , " as several other bodies suggest the possibility that they too harbor liquid water beneath their surfaces .
The Saturnian moon , Enceladus , is among them , and is also captured on the left in this image , with its plume of water ice particles and swathed in the blue E ring which it creates .
Delicate fingers of material extend from the active moon into the E ring .
See PIA08321 , for a more detailed view of these newly - revealed features .
The narrow tenuous G ring and the main rings are seen at the right .
The view looks down from about 15 degrees above the un-illuminated side of the rings .
Images taken using red , green and blue spectral filters were combined to create this view .
The image was taken by the Cassini spacecraft wide - angle camera on Sept. 15 , 2006 , at a distance of approximately 2.1 million kilometers ( 1.3 million miles ) from Saturn and at a sun-Saturn - spacecraft angle of almost 179 degrees .
Image scale is approximately 250 kilometers ( 155 miles ) per pixel .
At this time , Cassini was nearly 1.5 billion kilometers ( 930 million miles ) from Earth .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed , developed and assembled at JPL .
The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colo .
For more information about the Cassini - Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/home/index.cfm.
The Cassini imaging team homepage is at http://ciclops.org.
