San Francisco - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and Davis Wright Tremaine , LLP , will defend the Yes Men and other activists in a lawsuit filed against them by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce over political criticism of the Chamber 's stance on climate change legislation .
In mid-October , the activists staged a " press conference " in which the Chamber of Commerce ostensibly reversed its position and promised to stop lobbying against strong climate change legislation -- a stance that has caused numerous Chamber members to leave the organization .
As has been widely reported , before the press conference was even completed , a Chamber of Commerce representative rushed into the room and revealed that the Chamber 's position on climate change legislation had not in fact changed .
" The action was a brilliant piece of political theater , but it had a serious purpose : calling attention to the Chamber 's political activities , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry .
" This is core political speech , protected by the First Amendment .
We 're very pleased that Davis Wright Tremaine -- with its long , successful history of protecting free speech rights of Americans -- has joined us in helping these activists battle a transparent attempt at censorship . "
" U.S. courts have recognized that political parody lies at the heart of the First Amendment , " said Davis Wright Tremaine LLP partner Bruce Johnson .
" Even if the party parodied refuses to giggle - - or even panics and sues -- free speech will ultimately triumph .
We look forward to a prompt dismissal of this case and a reaffirmation of the rights of all Americans to poke fun at the pompous and powerful . "
The Chamber has pulled out all the stops in its effort to silence the activists .
First , it sent an improper copyright takedown notice to the Yes Men 's upstream provider , demanding that a parody website posted in support of the action be removed immediately and resulting in the temporary shutdown of not only the spoof site but hundreds of other sites hosted by May First / People Link .
Next , the Chamber filed suit against the activists in federal court , claiming among other things the activism infringed their trademarks .
" Trademark rights do not encompass the right to silence criticism , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Matt Zimmerman .
" It is our hope that the Chamber will rethink its lawsuit and take a position more consistent with its past support of First Amendment rights . "
A response to the Chamber 's complaint is due later this month in the U.S. District Court for District of Columbia .
For more on this case :
http://www.eff.org/cases/chamber-commerce-v-servin
Contacts :
Corynne McSherry
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
corynne@eff.org
Matt Zimmerman
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
mattz@eff.org
Determining the extent of the damage that bodybuilders inflict on themselves is difficult , in part because there is little interest in financing studies on such an extreme group , and because bodybuilders are not always honest about what they take .
That is why a case study published last month by a top kidney journal is generating interest in the nephrology and bodybuilding communities .
It is among the first to assert a direct link between long - term steroid use and kidney disease .
Image Patrick Antonecchia , a powerlifter and strong man competitor , ended his steroid use and career about a year ago .
Credit ... Joyce Dopkeen for The New York Times
The study began 10 years ago when a kidney pathologist at Columbia University Medical Center in New York noticed that a bodybuilder had an advanced form of kidney disease .
Curious , she started looking for similar cases and eventually studied 10 men with serious kidney damage who acknowledged using steroids .
Nine were bodybuilders and one was a competitive powerlifter with a similar training routine .
All 10 men in the case series , published in November by the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology , showed damage to the filters of the kidney .
Nine had an irreversible disease known as focal segmental glomerulosclerosis  the same disease contracted by Wheeler  even though the men in the study did not have other apparent risk factors .
Their disease was worse than in obese patients with a higher body - mass index , suggesting that steroids  combined with the other practices  might be harming the kidneys .
Among the study ’s most persuasive details is the story of a man , 30 years old at the time , who damaged his kidneys after more than a decade of bodybuilding .
The patient ’s condition improved after he stopped using the drugs , discontinued his regimen and lost 80 pounds .
But it worsened after the man , who became depressed , returned to bodybuilding and steroids .
“ These patients are likely the tip of the iceberg , ” said Vivette D. D’Agati , the lead researcher .
“ It ’s a risk .
A significant risk . ”
Tags
While reviewing a book about the financial crisis , a policy analyst of the free - market persuasion pooh - poohed the notion that housing constitutes a long - term project or " higher - order good , " insisting that homes are instead a " durable consumer good , " and thus he believes that examining the housing meltdown through the lens of Austrian business - cycle theory is illegitimate .
This discussion was had many times as the housing boom raged on mid-decade .
When the boom continued longer than many thought possible the question became , Why is there no bust ?
Maybe houses are the equivalent of big refrigerators .
Maybe home prices can go up forever .
After all , houses do n't seem to share any of the characteristics of mines or factories .
On the surface that seems true .
Homes are a finished good that provide shelter .
With labor and materials ready and available , a typical suburban tract house can be constructed in 60 to 90 days .
There 's nothing long term about that .
And our skeptic does n't see any evidence that production was directed away from consumer goods towards the production of higher - order capital goods .
So , in his view , Hayek and Mises can just butt out of this debate .
However , there is more to a house than the sticks , bricks , and gingerbread that people see and buy .
The building of homes starts with the purchase of land .
And buying land is not like driving over to Best Buy , whipping out your credit card , and buying a big - screen TV .
First the developer and his staff look for land to build on because ultimately the builder believes he can sell houses on that land .
Consultants are hired to produce soil studies and environmental reports , and to determine the availability of utilities and zoning feasibility .
These reports take time to produce and cost money .
If the land appears to be suitable for residential development , the developer will determine what can be paid for the land to make the project profitable , assuming his projections are accurate for the sales prices of his homes .
After that , a price is negotiated and escrow is opened .
A hot land market will dictate short escrows of 90 to 180 days , whereas in a typical market , escrows of a year or more are not uncommon .
A key factor in how much is offered in price for the land is the interest rate to be paid on the loan used to purchase the parcel .
Low interest rates allow the developer to pay higher prices .
Low interest rates also allow for the developer to take on more political and development risk .
The political risk is the uncertainty that the builder will obtain the zoning necessary to build the number and type of units contemplated when the land was being considered for purchase .
In most large urban areas , zoning approvals — which ultimately lead to maps legally describing the building lots that the houses will be constructed on — take months in the best of times ; now they often take years .
Horizontal development costs can change dramatically during this process , as city hall may impose improvements that had n't been contemplated as well as cost increases caused by increased demand for dirt moving , utility trenching , and street paving .
And since most of the costs of developing finished building lots is financed , low interest rates make more projects feasible than high interest rates , not only from a cost standpoint but also from a time standpoint .
The interest for development and construction projects is financed — it is borrowed — just like the soft and hard costs associated with the development , thus the lower the interest rate , the longer the project has before it must be converted to a consumer good .
In May of 2000 , the federal - funds rate was 6 ½ percent and the prime lending rate used by most banks to price construction loans was 9 ½ percent .
But with the recession of 2001 and the events of 9/11 , a panicked Federal Reserve lowered the federal - funds rate to 1 percent by June of 2003 and banks lowered their prime rates to 4 percent .
This lowering of rates made hundreds of housing projects around the country viable , and developers and their lenders reacted accordingly .
Billions in development loans were made to finance projects with the contemplated payoff coming from home buyers .
In 2001 , the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) sold government - owned land to developers for $ 26,672 per acre in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Four years later , BLM acreage was going for $ 270,000 per acre .
So while land prices were increasing tenfold , the medium new - home price shot from $ 130,000 in December 2000 to $ 350,615 in early 2006 .
The raw land cost is generally 10 to 25 percent of a home .
And it was low interest rates that were spurring these huge increases in hot markets like Las Vegas .
" As in the case of any other good , " Murray Rothbard explained in Man , Economy , and State , " the capital value of land is equal to the sum of its discounted future rents . "
The value of the land increases as the capitalization rate falls with interest rates .
Thus when the Fed lowered rates , the present value of the implied future rents on land became more valuable .
" Ground land , then , is ' capitalized ' just as are capital goods , shares in capital - owning firms , and durable consumers ' goods , " Rothbard wrote .
Although there were increases in materials and labor during the housing boom , the primary factor that drove up housing costs was the cost of land .
Human resources especially were directed away from producing consumer goods and services towards the development of housing projects .
People flooded into real - estate - related industries — the obvious being construction and real - estate sales .
At the height of the boom , 11 percent of employment in Las Vegas was directly in construction , while at the same time one in every hundred people in Sin City had a real - estate license .
But jobs indirectly involved in real estate also boomed : title - insurance companies could n't hire enough people , along with engineers , architects , appraisers , and the like .
Plus , furniture stores popped up everywhere , because every new home needed new furniture and appliances .
And when houses are built , the signal is sent to commercial developers that more shopping centers are needed .
It is thought more office space will be needed because of the increase in indirect real - estate - related jobs , and more industrial space will be required because contractors are expanding to participate in the home - building boom .
In mid-2004 , the Fed began to raise rates and by June 2006 , the federal - funds rate was 5.25 percent and bank prime rates were 8.25 percent .
The punch bowl had been taken away , and the cost of interest for development more than doubled .
And the land underneath these houses became less valuable as capitalization rates rose with interest rates .
Now there are said to be 2.4 million redundant homes in America — the result of real - estate developers being induced by low interest rates to undertake the long and risky development process .
At the same time , while construction jobs in Nevada ( for instance ) peaked at nearly 150,000 in mid-2006 , as of October of this year , there are now fewer than 84,000 construction jobs , according to a Nevada Department of Employment , Training , and Rehabilitation report — and this will only get worse when the gigantic CityCenter project is completed and 12,000 construction workers will no longer be needed on that job .
Overall unemployment is 13 percent in what was once the real - estate boom city — far above the 10.2 percent nationwide rate .
However , Nevada is not alone .
Construction employment has fallen in all but three states over the past two years .
And while home prices have fallen 57 percent in Las Vegas from their peak , land prices have fallen 76 percent according to the real - estate consultants at Applied Analysis .
With land prices cut by more than three quarters , median home prices are back to levels not seen since before 9/11 and the Fed 's massive intervention .
As the Austrian business - cycle theory dictates , the bust is now in process , clearing malinvestments and reallocating misdirected resources .
Houses and buildings sit vacant , while construction workers and real - estate agents are looking for other types of work .
The fact is that homes include the land they are built on , and land is certainly a higher - order good .
In the case of the current housing meltdown , the Austrian case is definitely right .
Mises and the Austrians are more relevant than ever .
Video : Nuisance fish Video : Nuisance fish
Ichthyocide on a massive scale ( Image : M. Spencer Green / AP )
Sometimes the “ few ” are made to suffer to protect the many .
Tens of thousands of fish were poisoned last week in a drastic attempt to keep invasive Asian carp out of the Great Lakes .
Officials poured more than 8000 litres of the fish poison rotenone into a 9 - kilometre stretch of the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal , which links the Mississippi river and Lake Michigan , during maintenance work on a barrier that normally keeps invaders at bay using electric shocks .
It is feared that if the voracious bighead and silver carp are not kept out , they will out - compete the native species crucial to the lakes ’ sports and commercial fishery , worth $ 7 billion per year .
Advertisement
“ There are some stretches on the Mississippi and Illinois rivers where they have taken over the biology entirely , ” says Stacey Solano of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources .
“ We ca n’t afford not to do everything possible to keep the Asian carp out of the Great Lakes . ”
Sinking feeling
Rotenone , derived from plant roots , is highly toxic to fish but only mildly toxic to humans .
It is commonly used by US government officials to kill unwanted fish in rivers and lakes .
The toxin enters the bloodstream of fish through their gills and inhibits cellular respiration .
So far only one bighead carp has been found among the thousands of dead fish removed from the canal , but authorities say carp tend to sink when poisoned .
DNA material from the carp has been found in water samples collected both above and below the electric barrier .
This material could have come from scales , faeces , or ballast water that was carried past the barrier .
There are fears that it may already be too late to keep them out , but none has yet been found on the lake side of the barrier .
Barrier two
Asian carp , which can grow to about 1.5 metres long and 50 kilograms , were introduced to aquaculture ponds in the southern US in the 1970s but escaped and have slowly made their way up the Mississippi .
The US Army Corps of Engineers has begun construction of another high - voltage electric barrier that will obviate the need for the use of poison in the future .
Mike Cox , Michigan ’s attorney general , said on Monday that the state was preparing a lawsuit seeking to have the canal closed , at least temporarily , to protect its fishing and tourism industries .
Get Too Big to Fai
Why the IoT trend wo n't revolutionize IT
The IoT trend faces numerous obstacles , even as it promises to affect the way we do everything from eat to work to drive .
Read More
As Ian Parsley noted at OurKingdom last year , the wall may be down in Berlin , but there are still plenty of them in Belfast .
The BBC this week highlighted the work of some of the people who are trying to change that .
Among them is Tony Macaulay , who outlined the scale of the problem at a recent talk in London .
There are 88 barriers , they arent all walls .
There are 88 what we would call interface barriers in Northern Ireland .
There are a few in Derry / Londonderry , a few in Portadown / Craigavon .
The vast majority are in Belfast .
Most of them are in North Belfast .
The biggest one is in West Belfast , separating the Falls from the Shankill , where I come from .
More barriers have gone up in the ten years following the ceasefires , than in the ten years before the ceasefires .
These walls have continued to be erected through the peace process , through the political agreement , the ceasefires and all of that .
The most recent official one was erected in the grounds of an integrated primary school , And there are also now walls still being erected to this day in new private developments , where the private developer decides that people will want to live in an area more if there 's a wall separating them from " the other side " .
Macaulay was speaking at the Hammersmith Irish Centre , to mark the start of an exhibition by photographer Louise Jefferson and journalist Stephen Martin examining the symbols of separation that the walls represent .
He argued that community confidence was the key to bringing down the barriers , noting that while some 20 per cent of interface residents want the walls down straight away , another 60 per cent offer more qualified support , believing that the barriers should be removed , but only when it safe to do so .
Macaulay has suggested a process that he believes can help create the necessary confidence in a discussion paper on his website :
Its not going to be a spontaneous thing like in Berlin , because the people in Belfast are not wanting to knock down the walls with sledgehammers and embrace each other , sadly .
Macaulay believes that leadership on the issue needs to come from the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Executive , although that maybe a big ask amid the current standoff over the devolution of justice and policing .
If that bump in the road can be got over though , Macaulay sees positive signs on the ground :
For the first time I have ever heard , people are actually talking about the possibility of the walls coming down .
People on a cross-community basis are starting to have this conversation .
A farmer pulled me up on the lane approaching my village last week .
We always stop to talk about the weather .
I 've written a book about it and he has a long memory .
" Fearful night , " he said .
" Felt like I was sleeping in the Severn tunnel , and the train just kept on coming .
This boy 's a bad un .
When 's it going to end ? "
By " this boy " he meant the low - pressure system or depression that 's been barrelling off the Atlantic and into western Britain for days , bringing rain , south - westerly gales and now flooding in Cumbria .
I can't remember when " this boy " began .
Forecasters do n't know when it 's going to end .
Welcome to the new Wild West .
I live in the Black Mountains , south Wales .
From just behind the house , on a clear day – do n't laugh – you can see beyond Offa 's Dyke footpath and into England .
That ancient border is increasingly irrelevant .
There 's a new divide in Britain .
It may prove to be more significant than any ethnic , economic or social division that has previously concerned our governments .
It 's a meteorological divide .
A glance at any weather advisory map of Britain this weekend will show you where it lies .
Anything marked red and " high risk " is the Wild West .
The divide runs from the Isle of Purbeck on the Dorset coast north to Berwick - upon - Tweed , roughly following the line of two degrees longitude , give or take the odd fell and raging river .
The divide is most pronounced in autumn , when stalling low - pressure systems mean rain falls in the west for days ; the heavens demonstrate their full armoury of precipitation , from mournful drizzle to the sort of squalls that presage the death of fishermen ; when the wind drones on and on and on until I begin to think the devil is in the birch trees outside my house .
I know it 's a " bad un " when the lights are on at midday and my young spaniel does n't sit by the door ; when it rains in my dreams and I start shouting at the weather forecasters on television : " Wet and windy !
My soul is being ground to dust like cumin in a pestle and mortar and you call it ' wet and windy ' ! ' "
Actually , I try not to watch national weather forecasts .
I look at regional ones on the web .
It 's less distressing .
When you 're suffering from a fit of what my wife calls the " manic depressions ( south - westerly ) " , to learn that it 's 14C and sunny in Brighton can be the final straw .
November has always been the month we endure .
" Continuous rain for the last three days … novel progressing well , " Evelyn Waugh noted on 1 November , 1939 ; " I really begin to doubt whether England is a beautiful country , " George Bernard Shaw wrote on 2 November , 1896 ; " Misling rain all day , " the Rev Gilbert White recorded on 3 November , 1770 ; and on 5 November , 1685 , the diarist John Evelyn moaned : " Extraordinary wett morning , & I indisposed by a very greate rheume . "
The iron age inhabitants of Britain brought their livestock down from the hill pastures on 31 October , their New Year 's Eve and the beginning of what they called the " dark half " of the year .
I grew up on a cliff overlooking the Irish Sea .
I rode a bicycle around the world .
I live in Wales .
I like weather .
But it 's changing .
Our winters are getting wetter .
Rainfall patterns are shifting .
It 's most notable in the west .
This week , Cumbria and Dumfries and Galloway have been worst affected .
In 2006 , it was Swansea ; in 2005 , Carlisle .
We 've just had the wettest November day since records began in England and Wales in 1766 – 243 years ago .
The problem is , the record 's being rewritten so quickly .
When a breathless television reporter says it 's " a once - in - millennia event " , that is meaningless .
We 're in new meteorological territory .
The record could be broken right here , in south Wales , this weekend .
The Wrong Kind of Snow by Antony Woodward and Robert Penn is published by Hodder & Stoughton
You wo n't find a better media center than the open - source XBMC , but most people do n't have the space or desire to plug a noisy PC into their TV .
Instead , I converted a cheap nettop into a standalone XBMC set - top box .
Here 's how .
Advertisement
In the spirit of our Winter Upgrades theme this week , this guide details how to turn a cheapo nettop ( think netbook for the desktop ) into a killer settop box running XBMC .
It handles virtually any video file I throw at it with ease ( including streaming Blu - Ray rips from my desktop ) , it looks tiny next to my Xbox 360 , it 's low energy , and it 's whisper quiet .
Huge props to this guide on the XBMC forums , which served as the starting point for much of what I did below .
Advertisement
What You 'll Need
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Acer AspireRevo :
This $ 200 nettop ships with 1GB of RAM , an Intel Atom 230 processor , 160GB hard drive , Windows XP ( which we wo n't use anyway ) , and an integrated graphics chip that handles HD video and can output it to HDMI .
It also comes with a small wired keyboard and mouse , but once you 're done here , you should n't need either of them .
Oh , and it 's tiny .
( Other , more powerful nettops will work [ like this one 's beefier , $ 330 older sibling
This $ 200 nettop ships with 1GB of RAM , an Intel Atom 230 processor , 160GB hard drive , Windows XP ( which we wo n't use anyway ) , and an integrated graphics chip that handles HD video and can output it to HDMI .
It also comes with a small wired keyboard and mouse , but once you 're done here , you should n't need either of them .
Oh , and it 's tiny .
( Other , more powerful nettops will work [ like this one 's XBMC Live :
This is a Live CD version of XBMC that boots directly into XBMC and has a tiny footprint .
Basically all you 're running is XBMC , so your media center stays light and snappy .
You can find the download specifically set up for these NVIDIA ION machines on this page here here regular download page
This is a Live CD version of XBMC that boots directly into XBMC and has a tiny footprint .
Basically all you 're running is XBMC , so your media center stays light and snappy .
You can find the download specifically set up for these NVIDIA ION machines A thumb drive :
It does n't have to be huge , but it 'll need to be at least 1500 MB of capacity , according to the installer .
You should also format it to FAT32 .
It does n't have to be huge , but it 'll need to be at least 1500 MB of capacity , according to the installer .
You should also format it to FAT32 .
An IR receiver / Windows Media Center remote :
This is n't strictly necessary , but if you want to control your shiny new XBMC via remote control , you 'll need some sort of supported remote with a USB receiver .
I bought this $ 20 remote
Advertisement
Getting XBMC
Live up and running on your nettop is a breeze if you follow a few simple steps , so let 's get started .
Install XBMC Live on Your Thumb Drive
XBMC
Live allows you to try XBMC on any computer from a bootable CD or thumb drive , then optionally install the lightweight , XBMC - focused Linux distro directly to your device if you like .
Since our nettop does n't have a DVD drive , we 'll need to first install XBMC to our thumb drive .
Advertisement
( There are ways around this .
If you had a USB optical drive , you could probably burn XBMC Live to a disc and go from there .
The thumb drive method is n't much more difficult , though . )
Here 's how it works :
1. Download the XBMC Live installer by clicking on the Live link on this page .
UPDATE : If you 've got access to a Windows or Linux machine , I 'd recommend using UNetbootin to install the XBMC Live installer straight to your thumb drive .
If you take that route , you can skip the next two steps .
Just download UNetbootin , run it , set Ubuntu as your operating system and 10.x Live as your distribution .
Assuming your thumb drive is plugged in and freshly formatted , choose your thumb drive as the drive you want to install to and let UNetbootin work its magic .
When it 's done , you 'll have a thumb drive running XBMC Live and ready to install to your Aspire Revo .
Advertisement
2. Burn XBMC Live to a CD
Advertisement
Once the download completes , unzip the xbmc.zip file .
What you 're left with is an xbmc.iso file — the disc image of the XBMC Live installer .
Now you need to burn this ISO to a CD .
Install our favorite tool for the job , ImgBurn , then right - click the xbmc.iso file and select Burn using ImgBurn .
( If you 're running Windows 7 , you can use its built - in ISO burner , too , by selecting Burn disc image . )
3. Install XBMC Live to Your Thumb Drive
Now that you 've burned XBMC to a CD , you 're ready to install it to your thumb drive .
To do so , plug in your thumb drive , put the XBMC Live CD in your DVD drive , and reboot your computer .
If it 's not already your default setting , go into your system BIOS ( for most computers hitting Delete at the first boot screen will launch your BIOS ) and set your optical drive as the primary boot device .
Advertisement
( All this means is that when your computer boots , it 'll first check to see if there 's any bootable media in your optical drive .
If not , it 'll continue booting to your secondary device — generally your hard drive .
If your optical drive does contain bootable media — like your XBMC Live CD , for example — it'll boot it up . )
Advertisement
When XBMC Live loads , select " Install XBMCLive to disk ( USB or HDD ) " , then accept the first prompt ( by pressing any key ) .
Next you 'll end up at the " Choose disk to use " prompt , where you 'll tell the installer that you want to install to your USB stick .
Be careful here not to choose your hard drive , because it would be happy to overwrite your operating system if you told it to .
Remember , your thumb drive is the Removable disk .
After you pick the disk you want to use , confirm that you want to proceed and let the installer do its magic .
( It 'll only take a few minutes . )
Advertisement
Eventually the installer will ask you if you want to create a permanent system storage file , which presumably you 'd want if you 're not sure whether or not you want to install XBMC Live to your Acer 's hard drive .
I went ahead and created the system storage ( even though we 'll install XBMC Live directly to the hard drive in the next step . )
Once the installation finishes , you 're ready to proceed to the next step .
Set Your System BIOS
You 'll need to make a couple of tweaks to your system BIOS to get it working smoothly with XBMC Live .
So plug in your thumb drive , boot up your Acer AspireRevo , and hit Delete at the first boot screen to edit your BIOS .
Look for the " Boot to RevoBoot " entry in the Advanced BIOS features menu and disable it .
While you 're there , set your XBMC Live thumb drive as the primary boot device .
( You can set the primary boot device back to your hard drive later , after you 've installed XBMC Live to your drive . )
Advertisement
Then go to the Advanced Chipset Features menu and set the iGPU Frame Buffer Detect to Manual and set the iGPU Frame Buffer Size to 256MB .
( This is detailed here ; the actual guide says 512 , but that requires that you install more RAM — something I may do in the future , and will detail with a guide if I do .
The 512 buffer size will help you stream the larger HD videos without hiccups . )
Advertisement
Now that your BIOS are set , you 're ready to try out XBMC Live on your Acer AspireRevo .
Advertisement
Boot Up / Install XBMC Live to Your Hard Drive
At this point , you 've got two choices .
You can either restart your Acer AspireRevo and boot into XBMC Live to play around a little before you install it to your disk .
If you 're sure you 're ready to install it for reals , just go ahead and run through the exact same installation as you did above , only this time install it to your nettop 's hard drive .
When you install to the hard drive , you 'll also set a system password .
This 'll come in handy later .
Advertisement
The Final Tweaks
Okay , so far so good .
XBMC should boot up directly from your hard drive now , and if you 've plugged in your Windows Media Center remote , it should also be working without a hitch .
You 've just got to make a couple of adjustments to make it shine .
Advertisement
Now , what makes your little nettop work so well is that its onboard graphics processor can handle all the HD business without eating up your regular processor power , so you 'll want to enable this in the XBMC settings .
So head to Settings > Video >
Play , find the Set Render to section , and set it to VDPAU .
Advertisement
Now , depending on how you 're planning on hooking up your XBMC Live box to your television , you 've got a few more tweaks you 'll want to make .
Namely this :
If you want to use HDMI for your audio out , head to Settings > System >
Audio hardware , then set the audio output to Digital .
Set your Audio output device to hdmi , and set the Passthrough output device to hdmi .
Last , enable Downmix multichannel audio to stereo .
Advertisement
If you are using HDMI as your audio out ( I am , and it 's pretty nice ) , you 've got to make one final tweak if you want the audio output to work with menu sounds .
( It'll work fine with video without making this tweak , but the click - click sounds that play when you move around the XBMC menu are nice to have . )
If that applies to you , create a new text file on your regular old computer ( name it asoundrc.txt ) and paste the following code ( again , this awesome tweak comes from this post ) :
pcm .! default { type plug slave { pcm " hdmi " } }
In the next step , I 'll show you how to copy that file over to your nettop ( a little trick that 'll also come in handy for manually installing plug-ins and copying files to your nettop ) .
Advertisement
SFTP to Your XBMC Box
If you want to transfer files to your XBMC Live box from another computer , you 'll need to get yourself an FTP client ( I like FileZilla ) and log into your nettop with the password you set when you were installing XBMC Live .
To do so , create a new connection in Filezilla that looks something like the screenshot below ( the default user is xbmc ) .
Advertisement
Once you 're connected , make sure you 're in the / home / xbmc / directory , then copy over the asoundrc. txt file we made above .
( The one you want to use if you 're running your audio through the HDMI output . )
Once it 's copied over , rename the file to .asoundrc , restart XBMC , and the click - click menu sounds should be working along with regular old A/V playback .
Advertisement
The same SFTPing method here will be useful if you ever want to manually install any plug-ins or skins down the road , or just copy over media directly to your nettop 's hard drive .
( Though we 'd recommend streaming — see below . )
Other Options
As I said above , you can buy more expensive , meatier machines , but for my money this Acer nettop has worked perfectly .
Apart from upgrading to better equipment , you can also add up to 2GB more RAM if you 're up for the job ( RAM 's so cheap these days , anyway ) .
Like I said , though , so far I have n't seen the need for it .
Advertisement
I also quickly switched the skin to the MediaStream skin , which is the one you see in the photo at the top of the page .
For a look at some other great skins you may want to apply to your XBMC box , check out these five beautiful skins — or just head to XBMC 's main skins page .
Advertisement
Now that you 've got it all set up , you 've probably also realized that 160 GB is n't all that much space for your media .
You'd be right , of course .
You 've got two pretty good options .
First , the nettop should have something like four free USB ports still , so you can easily plug in a big old drive that way .
Assuming , however , that you can run an Ethernet wire over to your nettop , your best option is just to connect it to a shared folder on your home network .
XBMC works like a charm with Samba shares ( Windows shared folders use this ) .
Advertisement
Whichever method you use , you just need to add your extra hard drive space as a source in XBMC .
You can do so through any of the individual menu items ( videos , for example ) , or you can add a default Samba username and password in the settings so it can connect automatically without asking for a password each time you add a new watch folder on that machine .
At this point I could go into more detail on how to use and get the most out of XBMC ( it can be a little hard to get your head around at first , even though once you do , it 's not actually confusing ) .
We 've covered souping up your XBMC — and building your classic Xbox XBMC machine — and both offer some help in those directions .
But stick around ; tomorrow we 'll follow up with an updated guide to some of our favorite XBMC tweaks .
Advertisement
This guide covers in pretty close detail one method for putting together a dedicated , quiet XBMC media center without breaking the bank , but it 's certainly not your only option .
If you 've gone down this road before , offer your tips and suggestions in the comments .
For my part : I 'm completely in love with my new little media center .
Advertisement
Adam Pash is the editor of Lifehacker and loves a good computer - based DIY , especially when the results are as beautiful as XBMC .
His special feature Hack Attack appears on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader , or follow @adampash on Twitter .
AFTER a burglar broke into caricaturist Bill " Weg " Green 's Heathmont home on Sunday , it took the 82 - year - old just seconds to draw his attacker .
Fifteen minutes later , patrolling police caught a suspect — and Mr Green 's drawing proved they had the right man .
Mr Green , who has built his career drawing caricatures of football stars , said he rushed outside when he heard the thief swearing loudly as he tore through his backyard about 10 am .
A house made of straw and hemp panels passed a fire resistance test where it was exposed to temperatures over 1,000 °C , a university said .
Balehaus@Bath - built of pre-fabricated straw - bale and hemp sections - has fire resistance " as good as houses built of conventional building materials " , according to new research .
One of the panels used in the construction was exposed to the searing heat by the University of Bristol team .
To reach the required standard the panel had to withstand the heat for more than 30 minutes .
Over two hours later - four times as long as required - the panel had still not failed .
Belfast Telegraph
This week , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights announced that it will investigate whether colleges discriminate against women by admitting less qualified men .
It will strike many as odd to think that American men would need such a leg up .
From the men-only basketball games at the White House to the testosterone club on Wall Street , we seem surrounded by male dominance .
And yet , when looking to America 's future — trying to spot the future entrepreneurs and inventors — there 's reason to be troubled by the ...
The places that spend far more on medical care and get worse results — south Texas , south Florida , New York City and its suburbs — do n’t have those advantages .
They tend to have more diverse populations and a more diverse set of medical needs .
None of these places is ever likely to reduce its costs , or raise its life expectancy , to Utah ’s levels .
But once you acknowledge all this , you are still left with some fairly striking facts .
There is nothing inherently Mormon about waiting until the 39th week to deliver a baby .
Nor is there something unique to Utah that allows doctors there to analyze their results and systematically try to improve them .
There is no reason , really , that a hospital anywhere else cannot do the same .
Maybe more hospitals will begin to do so on their own , pushed by the same internal forces that remade medicine a century ago .
But maybe not .
The economic incentives in health care are still pointing in the other direction .
As long as doctors and hospitals are paid for each extra test and treatment , they will err on the side of more care and not always better care .
No doctor or no single hospital can change that .
It requires action by the government .
One big remaining uncertainty about health reform — assuming some version of it passes — is how much it will do on this front .
Earlier this year , James and doctors from Dartmouth , the Mayo Clinic and the Geisinger Health System in Pennsylvania traveled to Washington to talk about health reform with a small group of Obama administration officials .
It was part of a continuing effort by the evidence - based crowd to influence reform in Congress .
At one point during the meeting , the doctors began to talk about a potential pilot program that would make it easier for hospitals to improve care and hold down costs .
Ezekiel Emanuel , an oncologist and budget - office official ( and brother of Rahm , the White House chief of staff ) who has spent much of the past year trying to get such programs included in the bill , asked how much this one would cost to set up .
The doctors estimated $ 250 million over five years .
The White House officials laughed .
It was a much smaller sum than they usually discussed .
Several pilot programs with similar aims have made it into some of the health - reform bills considered by Congress .
One is a bundling program , in which Medicare would pay hospitals a set fee for certain operations or chronic illnesses , rather than paying piecemeal for every aspect of the treatment .
Hospitals would then have an incentive to avoid complications and readmissions , because they would no longer be automatically reimbursed for them .
The hospitals that did the best job of keeping their patients healthy would end up helping their bottom lines .
The details are still being fleshed out , but Medicare or private hospital groups would most likely monitor outcomes to make sure the incentives did n’t lead hospitals to skimp on care or turn away the sickest patients .
These pilot programs have been largely overlooked in the public discussion of health reform , because they start small .
At first , they would be voluntary .
Places like Intermountain would presumably sign up for them , and high - cost hospitals would not .
But the Obama administration is hoping to make the pilot programs national — and mandatory — if they are successful .
In that case , the program would suddenly not be so small .
It would begin to attack medicine ’s most upside - down incentives .
Other such ideas also have a chance to be a part of health reform .
One is the so - called Cadillac tax on the most expensive health - insurance plans .
It would put pressure on insurers to hold down costs , which would increase their incentive to steer patients to hospitals like Intermountain .
Another idea would aim to make the market for health care more like the market for new cars .
Pushed by Senator Ron Wyden , the Oregon Democrat , the proposal would encourage employers to let their workers choose from a much wider range of insurance plans , which would allow people to shop around for those that provided good , cost - effective care .
James and his allies have no illusion that any of these ideas is a silver bullet .
But given the scale of Medicare ’s long - term budget shortfall , the only sensible strategy is to try anything that seems promising .
At the top of that list is moving medicine away from the fee - for - service system and toward something like a fee - for - health system .
As dispiriting as the health care debate has been at times , Congress still has a chance to pass a bill that would begin to make life easier on the hospitals trying to do the right thing and , eventually , nudge many more hospitals into that category .
That would be no small thing .
A transcription of physicist Stephen Hawking 's audio message to Newsnight in which he explains why he is standing down from the prestigious academic title of Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at Cambridge University .
Previous holders of the position include Sir Isaac Newton and Charles Babbage .
I will carry on with my scientific work , and my efforts to explain it to other people .
I 'm currently working on the quantum creation of the universe , and the rapid inflation in size that followed .
Despite having been unfortunate enough to get motor neurone disease at the age of 21 , I have had a full and satisfying life .
I have three wonderful children , and have been able to add to our understanding of the universe .
It has been a glorious time to be alive , and doing research in theoretical physics .
Our picture of the universe , has changed a great deal in the last 40 years , and I 'm happy if I have made a small contribution .
I want to share my excitement and enthusiasm .
There 's nothing like the Eureka moment , of discovering something that no - one knew before .
I wo n't compare it to sex , but it lasts longer .
In my 2005 book The Republican War on Science , I wrote somewhat mockingly of ID proponents as follows :
ID theorists , apparently , have a very high opinion of themselves , believing they are fueling a scientific revolution of Copernican proportions .
ID proponent Michael Behe has even written that the alleged discovery of design in nature " rivals those of Newton and Einstein , Lavoisier and Schrodinger , Pasteur and Darwin . "
Indeed , ID proponents regularly fling around the idea that they are on the leading edge of a scientific " paradigm shift , " about to dramatically change the course of science by reimporting appeals to a designer into a framework that had previously been dominated by an ideology of " scientific materialism . "
Alas , this depiction of IDists as scientific revolutionaries is highly dubious .
It 's very easy to for anyone to blithely say they 're causing a paradigm shift , especially as the claim is probably irrefutable except with the benefit of hindsight .
The hard part is actually delivering the scientific goods .
In ID proponent Stephen Meyer 's latest book , Signature in the Cell - - which I 've been reading because I 've agreed to appear with Meyer on the Michael Medved show today at 4 ET - - we find the " paradigm shift " argument used once again -- but with a dubious new twist .
Meyer , trained as a historian of science , makes an argument that focuses on the medium in which an alleged paradigm shift in science is conveyed :
Since World War II , scientists have stressed the importance of publishing their work in specialized peer - reviewed journals , but throughout the history of science " paradigm - shifting " ideas and theories have typically been presented in books , including many that we might now call " trade press " ( rather than academic ) books .
There are a couple of reasons for this .
First , books allow scientists to make sustained and comprehensive arguments for synthetic new ideas ... books have often been the go - to genre for presenting and evaluating new arguments for synthetic interpretations of a relevant body of evidence .
Perhaps , the best - known example of this form of scientific discourse was provided by Charles Darwin himself , who famously described his work in On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection as " one long argument . "
There , Darwin proposed a comprehensive interpretation of many diverse lines of evidence ...
Other scientists such as Newton , Copernicus , Galileo , and Lyell as well as a host of lesser figures have used books to advance scientific arguments in favor of novel and comprehensive interpretations of the scientific evidence in their disciplines .
Set aside the hubris of this for a moment ( Meyer is essentially saying that his popular , non peer - reviewed book is capable of causing a paradigm shift , and is likening it to Darwin 's " one long argument " ) .
Just focus on the history of science argument about books versus scientific papers as repositories of deep insight .
I have to say , I find this argument deeply misleading .
Throughout much of the history of science , specialized scientific journals did n't exist in the form in which they do today .
Neither did specialized " science " itself -- the word " scientist " to denote a profession did n't even exist until the 19th century .
And so of course , sweeping argumentative books were often used to advance scientific arguments .
Copernicus was an early scientific test run for the printing press , and surely would n't be famous without it .
As for Galileo , he did n't just write books , he wrote lengthy Plato - style dialogues -- nowadays a rare genre indeed .
But if the history of science shows any undeniable trend , it is towards increasing specialization - - a trend that itself is virtually synonymous with scientific progress .
As printing became cheaper , and scientists became more numerous , specialized journals emerged even as scientific fields divided and subdivided .
And this was , for the most part , a good thing -- for it allowed scientists in different disciplines to home more carefully in on problems , and to speak about them in a shared language addressed to a kindred group of specialists .
Granted , such developments also made science less accessible to the broad public .
But in terms of advancing knowledge , it was definitely a gain .
That 's why Meyer 's claim that writing a trade book , today , classes him with Darwin , Newton , Copernicus , et al , is so stunning .
It ignores the great progress that has occurred over the course of science 's history , which is the very reason that we now have specialized journals .
What 's more , contra Meyer , we do have a scientific genre today that exists to synthesize a large body of scientific knowledge : large peer reviewed scientific assessments , such as those produced by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change or the National Academy of Sciences .
( Let 's see Meyer get his pro-ID arguments endorsed by one of those . )
Trade books can be quite scientifically accurate , and quite thoughtful .
But today they are largely for popularization -- which , of course , is what Meyer is really doing for intelligent design .
He 's very good at this , and he may win a lot of conservative Christian followers and book buyers ; but that is hardly the same as initiating a modern scientific paradigm shift .
I highly doubt such an achievement is even possible for ID theorists , in light of the inherent supernaturalism of their position , which makes it fundamentally irreconcilable with modern , naturalistic science .
But the fact remains that if ID theorists want to win scientific credibility , the peer reviewed literature ( and the peer reviewed assessments ) are the only way for them to go -- for good historic reasons .
LONDON  When Eastwind Maritime , a medium - size carrier company , went bankrupt this summer , few banks in the United States took notice .
But in Europe , where banks hold over $ 350 billion of increasingly dubious shipping industry loans , the inability of Eastwind , which is based in New York , to handle its debt of more than $ 300 million set off an anxiety attack on lending desks across the Continent .
The collapse of Eastwind Maritime , analysts say , while small , could well be a harbinger of more carrier failures to come .
And for Europe ’s struggling banks , already plagued by a toothless economic recovery and continuing losses in real estate , the emergence of yet another questionable category of loans adds to fears that many of them are lagging their counterparts in the United States in overcoming the financial crisis .
In response to my recent post about genetically selecting cosine waves for image approximation , several reddit commentors said that I should just have taken the Fourier transform , kept the largest 100 coefficients and did the inverse Fourier transform .
[ I have n’t run the RMS calculation on the result yet , but visually , it looks pretty nice with my test image .
More details on that in a later post . ]
The Lisp code that I used in that article did n’t actually use Fast Fourier Transforms .
To test the commentors ’ claims , I needed an FFT library in Lisp .
I searched around a bit and found an FFI ( Foreign Function Interface ) wrapper around the FFTW library .
After fiddling with that library and the wrapper for about two hours , I bailed on it and wrote my own Fast Fourier Transform library entirely in Lisp .
More information as well as links to getting the code are here : nklein / Software / CL - FFT .
Hoping to put your hands on a Nook this holiday season ?
Here 's hoping you got in the door early , because bookseller Barnes & Noble claims that the Kindle - competitor has sold out for anyone hoping to gift the thing this year .
According to the New York Times , B&N says pre-orders on the device have exceeded its expectations , and the well has now run dry on forthcoming stock .
To make up for the loss , the seller is offering placeholder certificates for buyers , with a promise that the next round of devices will be shipping out around January 4th .
Are suburban moms to blame ?
Only B&N knows for sure .
A Useful Guide to Freeing Your Mind
“ The most powerful weapon of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressed . ”
— Steven Biko
“ Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery ; none but ourselves can free our mind . ”
— Bob Marley
A few years ago the Springdale , Arkansas school system constructed a second high school .
The first week it was open for classes in the fall , I saw the first “ spirit ” stickers with the team mascot .
Here was a school created entirely from scratch , and the team ’s name and mascot similarly created by a committee of middle aged white men in suits — and a bunch of teenagers were already demonstrating their “ loyalty ” to it in only a week ’s time .
It ’s about like that team of TV execs on The Simpsons creating the “ Poochie ” character .
“ Wow , he ’s got attitude–just look at those sunglasses ! ”
This is typical .
From our early childhood , most of us are taught to feel loyalty to institutions in whose agendas we have no say and whose leaders are utterly unaccountable to us .
Our lives are almost completely governed by a cluster of large , centralized , hierarchical , bureaucratic institutions , with the state at their center , over which we have almost no control .
Even the ones that are formally democratic , like governments , are in fact run mostly for the benefit of connected insiders .
Butler Shaffer ’s distinction between “ organizations ” and “ institutions ” is useful here .
It ’s possible to be the former without being the latter , if an organization is an instrument by which its members pursue their own purposes .
An organization becomes an institution when it exists primarily for its own ends , or rather the ends of those running it , and treats its members and clients as means to those ends .
The management of large institutions , thanks to being directly a part of the state system of power , or indirectly a part of it by being in an industry which is to some extent cartelized by the state , is insulated both from accountability and from the consequences of its own decisions .
Hierarchy is a tool for shifting effort and consequences downward , and benefits upward , and getting powerless people to do things that they have no rational interest in doing for its own sake .
From this follow several general principles , which it ’s useful to keep in mind in your dealings with institutions :
1 ) The real purpose of any large bureaucratic organization — as opposed to its publicly avowed mission — reflects the interests of those running it .
For example , schooling bears the same relation to learning that the “ job ” bears to productive work .
Some learning may take place in a school , and some productive work at the job — but they ’re only an incidental side - effect of the primary function of the institution , which is to serve the interests of those who control the circumstances under which learning and work are permitted to take place .
2 ) “ The rules ” mainly serve the interests of those who make the rules .
The cultural apparatus ( the mainstream press , the schools , etc. ) treats “ the rules ” as some neutral framework for promoting the general welfare , with government officials and the management of large organizations functioning as overgrown parent - figures making sure everyone shares their toys , plays nice and gets along .
This assumption is reflected in goo - goo material like “ Why Mommy is a Democrat , ” and the soccer mom politicians ’ fondness for the phrase “ work hard and play by the rules . ”
3 ) Even when institutional management means well , the rules are still likely to be almost entirely counter - productive , simply because those making them are so out of touch with reality .
The main people who understand the real effect of the rules are those doing the actual work , who experience them in operation .
But hierarchies are very bad at transmitting accurate information upward ; as R.A. Wilson put it , nobody tells the truth to a man with a gun .
In the old USSR , there were rules everywhere — and the system survived as long as it did because everybody ignored them .
The same is true of the typical government agency or large corporation .
The system in “ Brazil ” could n’t have survived without people like Harry Tuttle .
Get over the assumption that the real purpose of an organization has anything to do with what its Mission Statement says , or that there is any virtue in “ obeying the rules ” when the rules are not made by freely cooperating equals based on their own free judgment .
Free your mind .
Translations for this article :
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo filed an antitrust lawsuit against Intel , alleging the chipmaker threatened computer makers and paid kickbacks to stop them from using competitors ' chips , Cuomo 's office said Wednesday .
The suit alleges that Intel ( INTC , Fortune 500 ) , the largest maker of computer microprocessors , violated state and federal law " by engaging in a worldwide , systematic campaign of illegal conduct ... in order to maintain its monopoly power and prices . "
It also charges that Intel 's " illegal actions " involved three of the largest U.S. computer makers : Dell ( DELL , Fortune 500 ) , Hewlett - Packard ( HPQ , Fortune 500 ) and IBM ( IBM , Fortune 500 ) .
The statement from Cuomo's office alleged that Intel paid billions of dollars to large computer makers who agreed to use Intel 's microprocessors exclusively .
Sometimes , these so - called " rebates " added up to more than a company 's reported quarterly net income , the statement said .
In response to these charges , Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said , " We disagree with the New York Attorney General .
Neither consumers who have consistently benefited from lower prices and increased innovation nor justice are being served by filing this case now .
Intel will defend itself . "
Microprocessors are the " brains " of most personal computers and are generally sold to manufacturers rather than directly to consumers .
Cuomo also said Intel threatened and punished those " perceived to be working too closely with [ its ] competitors , " doing so by directly funding a computer maker 's competitors and ending joint venture projects .
" Rather than compete fairly , Intel used bribery and coercion to maintain a stranglehold on the market , " Cuomo said in the statement .
The investigation began in January 2008 , and the attorney general 's office said it " reviewed millions of pages of documents " before filing the lawsuit in federal court Wednesday .
The suit " seeks to bar further anticompetitive acts by Intel , restore lost competition , recover monetary damages suffered by New York ... and collect penalties , " the statement said .
' Bribery and coercion ' emails
Cuomo's statement detailed the alleged kickback deals , including internal emails from Intel , Dell , HP and IBM .
The suit claims that some of Intel 's illegal practices included paying Dell almost $ 2 billion in " rebates , " threatening to cut off development of an HP server if the company promoted a competitor 's products , and paying IBM $ 130 million not to launch a rival 's server .
Many of the alleged deals included references to Intel 's main rival , Advanced Micro Devices .
( AMD , Fortune 500 )
According to Cuomo's statement , a January 2005 email from a IBM executive said : " I understand the point about the accounts wanting a full AMD portfolio .
The question is , can we afford to accept the wrath of Intel ...? "
An internal Dell email in February 2004 said Intel was " prepared for jihad if Dell joins the AMD exodus .
We get ZERO [ rebates ] for at least one quarter while Intel ' investigates the details . ' "
Cuomo said Intel " attempted to erase the most obvious traces " of illegal activity " by camouflaging language " in written correspondence .
A 2006 Internal email from an Intel executive said : " Let 's talk more on the phone as it's so difficult for me to write or explain without considering anti-trust [ sic ] issue . "
45 + Greatest Example of Digital Art by Rado Javor
Question :
What do liquid - metal batteries , water - splitting catalysts , wafers from molten silicon , nanotube - enhanced ultracapacitors , and plant cell wall - degrading enzymes have in common ?
Answer :
These novel clean energy technologies were recently deemed to be to be potentially “ transformative ” by the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) .
The technologies are the focus of research awards by DOE ’s new Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy ( ARPA-E ) .
These awards — which support key links in the energy value chain — highlight the critical role MIT plays as an engine of energy innovation .
The selected projects were for one MIT research lab and four startups with strong links to MIT .
The successful proposals were submitted by MIT Professor Donald Sadoway , Sun Catalytix , 1366 Technologies , FastCAP Systems , and Agrivida and will receive combined funding of $ 24.8 million from the new program ’s inaugural round of funding .
A sixth company , FloDesign Wind Turbine Corp. , was an earlier recipient of an MIT prize for energy entrepreneurs .
To read more on these projects , visit the MIT Energy Initiative 's site at http://web.mit.edu/mitei/news/spotlights/engine-innovation.html
READER COMMENTS ON
" Fox ' News ' : Oops , We Did It Got Caught Again ... "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... John J said on 11/19/2009 @ 11:15 am PT ...
Brad , The Guardian article was great .
A whole load of wingnuts posting in the comments .
I enjoyed your comments to one of the posters .
Keep up the good work .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 11/19/2009 @ 11:15 am PT ...
So glad to see that the Obama 's response to Faux " News " is to appoint the Dancing Demon of Deception and Lying Sack of Crap known as Dana Perino to a prestigious government position .
I 'm just SURE that will shut her up .
NOT .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 11/19/2009 @ 11:21 am PT ...
Damail ?
You out there ?
Other Fox viewers ?
I am sincerely interested to know how you can square watching ( let alone defending ) Fox News when incidents of them lying to you keep compounding .
While crowd embellishments / doctored or just plain wrong footage used to create false appearances are MISLEADING DISTORTIONS and Textbook Propaganda - anyone with a Googlin ' finger and enough residual gray matter to know how to make toast can tell you that Fox intentionally lies to it 's viewers and has gone to court to defend it 's right to do so : " ... A Florida Appeals court ruled there is absolutely nothing illegal about lying , concealing or distorting information by a major press organization .
The court reversed the $ 425,000 jury verdict in favor of journalist Jane Akre who charged she was pressured by Fox Television management and lawyers to air what she knew and documented to be false information ... "
http://www.librarygrape....has-first-amendment.html
Why do you choose to watch a News Outlet that makes you wrong about the facts when defending your positions ( here at Bradblog ) or anywhere ?...
Why do you prefer news that uses you ?...
You have an internet connection , you read the Bradblog - you 're clearly not entirely a lost cause ...
I know you love your right tit for left tat - but without making MSNBC the reason this is okay ( I do n't watch MSNBC either , fyi , even though I understand the distinction between what MSNBC does and the kind of information manipulation we are seeing from FOX ) - so without slinging innocuous , unlinked , unconfirmed blah blah about the evils of blowhard Olbermann , can you please explain why you love and defend Fox ?
Is it like having a family you really can't stand but can't muster the nuggets to write them out of the will ?...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 11/19/2009 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
Production error ?
While many would suspect that Fox employees are incapable of reflective thought , the inescapable fact is that some level of thought was required to even attempt this unsuccessful deception .
There 's the graphic , " Palin's Drawing Crowds " which had to be prepared in advance of the broadcast as the footage was assembled before the on-air misrepresentation .
While I agree with Jeannie Dean that anyone with " enough residual gray matter " to use Google " can make toast " of Fox propaganda , the fact is that Fox propaganda is directed at those who accept their distortions at face - value without an inkling that they are being deceived --- a point underscored when Brad interviewed a number of tea baggers .
But , of course , the corporate media , as a whole , frequently engages in deception , as we saw during the run-up to the war in Iraq .
It 's usually not as blatantly obvious clumsy lies that emerge from the Faux News network , but that 's what makes it so effective .
In dictatorships we are more fortunate than you in the West in one respect .
We believe nothing of what we read in the newspapers and nothing of what we watch on television , because we know its propaganda and lies .
" Unlike you in the West , we ’ve learned to look behind the propaganda and to read between the lines , and unlike you , we know that the real truth is always subversive . ”
-- Dissident novelist Zdener Urbanek ; interviewed by John Pilger in Stalinist Czechoslovakia , 1970s .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/19/2009 @ 3:07 pm PT ...
It would be unbelievable if it were n't true .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/20/2009 @ 3:11 am PT ...
Is it true that yesterday , with Byrds notable milestone , that they put an R beside his name in the crawl at the bottom ?
I did n't see it but that is floating around .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/20/2009 @ 5:02 am PT ...
I said that FOX will start " pre-emptively " apologizing for doctoring videos .
" We apologize for the doctored video we are about to show you " .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/20/2009 @ 8:04 am PT ...
Ernest Canning said : " the fact is that Fox propaganda is directed at those who accept their distortions at face - value without an inkling that they are being deceived "
That 's why these people are dangerous .
They 're not based in reality .
They do n't care that it 's distorted or false .
They do n't care when " their guys " are lying .
They do n't care if their guys are fascists .
They do n't care what Bush did .
They would n't care what Sarah Palin would do if she were president .
That 's exactly why they 're dangerous .
And they 're in the minority , the vocal minority with the entire media distorting this minority making it appear they 're the majority .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... David Black said on 11/20/2009 @ 11:31 am PT ...
You libs make me laugh .
You call yourself patriots but you 're fine with Barry Hussein Obama traveling around the world groveling before world leaders as if he has something to apologize for .
Libs are the most guilt ridden people in the world .
Everything they do or think about is motivated by correcting alleged " injustice . "
When you make decisions via emotions , you lose every time .
You 're only interested in " leveling the playing field " for your preferred political constituency , which is any under - represented minority or special interest not in a position of real power .
Your power derives from what these wretched underclasses can do for you .
I 'm not a big Sarah Palin backer , but it 's clear that libs are afraid of her , otherwise , why would they be spending so much time bashing her ?
Ditto for Fox .
According to the TV ratings ,
Fox outdraws every other 24/7 news net and you people can't stand it .
Why ?
because they do n't favor your lib views .
It has nothing to do with distortions , otherwise , you 'd be citing Olbermann every day as well .
You just can't stand competition .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/20/2009 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
I hate to burst yer bubble , Dave , but " you libs " are keeping " you cons " in gravy with all the mentioning of those fiendish twits ... making money and gathering eyeballs off deriding their circus acts in oh - so - many clever ways ... sort of like MSM tracking Balloon Boy ... only sustainable , more pruriently entertaining , and egging on the apocalypse .
A number of right wing tv and radio hosts and bloggers are making a killing off it .
A number [ though fewer ] of left wing tv and radio hosts and bloggers are making a killing off it .
We 're going to be griping about President Piglips soon because of all the name recognition spewed into the general consciousness by our basest motives being stroked this hard .
She and her near - miss son - in - law are never off heavy rotation at the biggest blogs there are ... or the various hugely successful comedy shows .
Catnip tea bags !
Left and right alike are too drunk on the seamy pleasures of it to stop themselves .
It 's all good as far as the real power structure you seem to trust and revere is concerned .
So , you should not gripe ....
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... David Black said on 11/20/2009 @ 1:18 pm PT ...
President Piglips and her near miss son - in - law ?
Sorry , I do n't get the reference .
I take it that you resent those in power who make more money than you do .
I do n't have time for populist battles between haves and have - nots .
Have - nots exist for a reason .
They do not possess the sufficient intellectual capital to figure out how to prosper on a grand scale .
It 's the same as some people can hit 95 mph fastballs and others cannot .
Have - nots should look to haves and think very carefully about how they were able to achieve instead of complaining about those achievements .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/20/2009 @ 2:33 pm PT ...
Oh , good .
You do n't have time .
So that means all your lame anti-populist attempts at provocation will cease now , right ?
Right ?
Am I right ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... David Black said on 11/20/2009 @ 2:55 pm PT ...
You call it provocation , I call it refutation .
Do you think that you can sail through life without having your particular views challenged ?
Please , you are welcome to visit my blog and attack any view I hold , that is , if you are courageous enough to step outside of your comfort zone of only posting to blogs where you 'll receive a warm reception for your views .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... David Black said on 11/20/2009 @ 3:01 pm PT ...
For one thing , Agent99 , you can't even bother to clarify your obscure reference .
I should clarify that I do n't have the patience to coddle have - nots with their petty problems , needs , and wants .
They are consigned to their own personal hells due to their own ineptitude and inferior brain development .
I 'm all too happy to ensure they do n't think they are entitled to any higher station in life because some power hungry lib politicos think they should be .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/20/2009 @ 11:48 pm PT ...
David Black said : I do n't have time for populist battles between haves and have - nots .
Have - nots exist for a reason .
They do not possess the sufficient intellectual capital to figure out how to prosper on a grand scale .
It 's the same as some people can hit 95 mph fastballs and others cannot .
Have - nots should look to haves and think very carefully about how they were able to achieve instead of complaining about those achievements .
You 're an idiot .
You should be banned not for having really good opposing views , but because you 're an idiot .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/21/2009 @ 1:07 am PT ...
The FCC approved strong openness rules for wired and wireless broadband connections to the internet Thursday , leaving the details of the rules open to public debate for the next 60 days .
The move will gratify President Obama 's grassroots supporters and internet services like Google , but draw the wrath of large telecoms like AT&T and the wireless industry .
The FCC 's five commissioners unanimously agreed to expand and codify rules from 2005 that require cable and DSL providers to allow their customers to use whatever devices or online services they want so long as they do n't hurt the network .
A similar rule applied to AT&T's phone monopoly in the 1960s led to the fax machine , the football phone and the internet .
The 107 - page FCC proposal ( .pdf ) was made public several hours after the vote .
However , the rules are only a draft and will be subject to intense public debate and lobbying in the next 60 days .
After that , the FCC will issue final rules , which will then likely face court and Congressional challenges .
The rules codify four old principles and introduce two new ones .
Broadband providers must not block users from sending legal content on the net .
They must let users run the applications and services they like and connect whatever devices they care to .
And providers must not harm competition among ISPs or online services .
The new principles require that broadband providers not discriminate against content services ( i.e. block Skype because it competes with an ISPs voice service ) and that they disclose to users and the feds how they manage their networks .
The rules would also explicitly extend beyond so - called wireline providers such as DSL and cable and apply to wireless internet services , such as 3G , satellite and WiMax .
Providers would have leeway to shape or throttle traffic for network management purposes or to help police or " homeland security . "
Supporters and detractors have been bombarding D.C. this week with filings , press releases and reports in a final attempt to make the ostensible starting point of the discussion — the draft language of the recommendations — more amenable to their side .
Not surprisingly , neither side is waiting to read and digest the text of the proposed rules before reacting to today 's vote .
The Wireless Association , which has battled furiously to keep the openness rules from being applied to 3G smartphone connections , quickly reacted , saying the rules could " stifle innovation and harm consumers . "
CTIA all but promised it would sue , saying new rules would " degrade the value " of the public spectrum carriers have licensed .
The Open Internet Coalition , which counts Google and Facebook among its members , welcomed the vote .
" Today 's vote was the first step toward establishing enforceable protections for consumers accessing the Internet , " said the coalition 's executive director Markham Erickson .
" Under the chairman 's leadership , we have cleared the first hurdle in this process , and are on the road towards creating a framework that promotes innovation and consumer choice on the internet . "
The proposed text of the rules :
1. Subject to reasonable network management , a provider of broadband Internet access service may not prevent any of its users from sending or receiving the lawful content of the user ’s choice over the Internet .
2 . Subject to reasonable network management , a provider of broadband Internet access service may not prevent any of its users from running the lawful applications or using the lawful services of the user ’s choice .
3 . Subject to reasonable network management , a provider of broadband Internet access service may not prevent any of its users from connecting to and using on its network the user ’s choice of lawful devices that do not harm the network .
4 . Subject to reasonable network management , a provider of broadband Internet access service may not deprive any of its users of the user ’s entitlement to competition among network providers , application providers , service providers , and content
providers .
5 . Subject to reasonable network management , a provider of broadband Internet access service must treat lawful content , applications , and services in a nondiscriminatory manner .
6 . Subject to reasonable network management , a provider of broadband Internet access service must disclose such information concerning network management and other practices as is reasonably required for users and content , application , and service providers to enjoy the protections specified in this part .
Carriers , however , are still able use " reasonable network management " to control their networks .
And the needs of law enforcement and " homeland security " also trump these rules .
Reasonable network management consists of : ( a ) reasonable practices employed by a provider of broadband Internet access service to ( i ) reduce or mitigate the effects of congestion on its network or to address quality - of - service concerns ; ( ii ) address traffic that is unwanted by users or harmful ; ( iii ) prevent the transfer of unlawful content ; or ( iv ) prevent the unlawful transfer of content ; and ( b ) other reasonable network management practices .
That leaves room for providers to filter viruses , throttle traffic during busy times and even block transmission of content they deem unlawful – from child pornography to unauthorized sharing of copyrighted works .
See Also :
A large box .
With the best drawings ever .
Something is inside .
But I 'm not sure exactly what .
Marbles ?
I do n't wanna open as the box looks fantastic , but I 'm so curious .
:3
Thank you so so so so much , Blotner . : )
I love it !
Edit :
He sent me a message awhile ago saying :
How do you set an alarm clock , when you 're holding it inside your dream ?
The contents could possibly be the tools to open the box .
x3 OR it could be a case of Schrödinger 's cat .
I 'll probably never knooow .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Melting of the Arctic sea ice due to global warming is diluting surface waters and this is endangering some species of shellfish which need minerals in the water to form their shells and skeletons , scientists have found .
In a paper published in Science , they warned that this has serious implications for ecosystems in the Arctic .
“ Organisms that are likely to be affected are from the family of pteropods , also mussels and clams on the sea floor , ” said Fiona McLaughlin , research scientist at Canada ’s Institute of Ocean Sciences ’s department of fisheries and oceans .
Pteropods are minute swimming sea snails .
“ It puts the food chain at risk .
These organisms are a food source for fish that are a food source for seals and bears .
The food chain in the Arctic is quite a short one , so it ’s quite vulnerable , ” she told Reuters by telephone .
Meltwater from sea ice pours into the Canada Basin and researchers in Canada have been monitoring the quality of water in the basin , the largest freshwater reservoir in the world , since the late 1980s .
McLaughlin said there was now sufficient evidence to show a fall in the concentration of aragonite , a mineral or calcium carbonate that is needed in shell formation .
“ Sea ice is so pure it has very few of these ( carbonate ) ions .
It means that when we are melting this ice , which by its nature more acidic , we are making surface waters more acidic , ” said McLaughlin .
“ The shells ca n’t maintain themselves , they are now susceptible to dissolution ...
Instead of being a source of carbonate for these organisms to use , the surface waters are now corrosive to them , ” she added .
While some differences remained between SEPTA 's last economic offer and the union 's demands , sources close to the union negotiators said that the TWU was willing to accept the agency 's offer of raises totaling 11 percent over five years , no raises and a $ 1,250 signing bonus in the first year , a six - percentage - point ( 120 percent ) increase in SEPTA 's contribution to the employees ' pension fund ( from 5 to 11 percent of annual wages ) , and no increase in employee contributions to their medical plan .
What they were not willing to accept , these sources said , was SEPTA 's proposal to eliminate a longstanding union practice that allows workers in SEPTA 's vehicle maintenance and repair shops to pick what equipment they will work on based on seniority .
This is not the first time SEPTA and the union have gone head - to - head over work allocation .
In 1998 , the agency made a concerted push to get the union to allow it to hire part - time drivers for buses , trolleys and subways , change work assignment policies , and contract out some work .
The union strenuously opposed all these moves , resulting in a 40 - day strike that snarled traffic in the region and inconvenienced hundreds of thousands of daily riders .
Public sentiment as of now appears to run strongly against the union , though largely on the economic issues most news reports claim are the main disagreement .
As ridership has fallen this year because of job losses among SEPTA 's customers , many have expressed the opinion that the union is being greedy , or audacious , or out of touch with reality , or some combination of the three , in asking for even more generous raises than the agency has yet offered .
But even those who are aware of the real main issue feel no sympathy for union members , largely because of the widespread public perception that they do not perform their jobs well .
All this suggests that it might be a while before SEPTA buses , trolleys and rapid transit trains roll on , over and under the streets of Philadelphia .
Written by Sandy Smith
On May 27 , 2018 we migrated our website to a new platform .
As part of this process we consolidated and / or removed products which are no longer available .
The page you 're looking for is one of those pages .
Use our search bar to find something similar .
Or , if you can't find what you 're looking for , click on the CONTACT US button and we 'll be happy to assist .
Thank you for visiting Halloween Express !
Customer Care Contact Us Retail Store Locator
Arrowheads are among the most easily recognized type of artifact found in the world .
Untold generations of children poking around in parks or farm fields or creek beds have discovered these rocks that have clearly been shaped by humans into pointed working tools .
Our fascination with them as children is probably why there are so many myths about them , and almost certainly why those children sometimes grow up and study them .
Here are some common misconceptions about arrowheads , and some things that archaeologists have learned about these ubiquitous objects .
Not All Pointy Objects Are Arrowheads
Myth Number 1 : All triangular stone objects found on archaeological sites are arrowheads .
Arrowheads , objects fixed to the end of a shaft and shot with a bow , are only a fairly small subset of what archaeologists call projectile points .
A projectile point is a broad category of triangularly pointed tools made of stone , shell , metal , or glass and used throughout prehistory and the world over to hunt game and practice warfare .
A projectile point has a pointed end and some kind of worked element called the haft , which enabled attaching the point to a wood or ivory shaft .
There are three broad categories of point - assisted hunting tools , including spear , dart or atlatl , and bow and arrow .
Each hunting type requires a pointed tip that meets a specific physical shape , thickness , and weight ; arrowheads are the very smallest of the point types .
In addition , microscopic research into edge damage ( called 'use - wear analysis ' ) has shown that some of the stone tools that look like projectile points may have been hafted cutting tools , rather than for propelling into animals .
In some cultures and time periods , special projectile points were clearly not created for a working use at all .
These can be elaborately worked stone objects such as the so - called eccentrics or created for placement in a burial or other ritual context .
Size and Shape Matters
Myth Number 2 : The smallest arrowheads were used for killing birds .
The smallest arrowheads are sometimes called " bird points " by the collector community .
Experimental archaeology has shown that these tiny objects — even the ones under half an inch in length — are sufficiently lethal to kill a deer or even larger animal .
These are true arrowheads , in that they were attached to arrows and shot using a bow .
An arrow tipped with a stone bird point would easily pass right through a bird , which is more easily hunted with nets .
Myth Number 3 : The hafted tools with the round ends are meant for stunning prey rather than killing it .
Stone tools called blunt points or stunners are actually regular dart points that have been reworked so that the pointy end is a long horizontal plane .
At least one edge of the plane might have been purposefully sharpened .
These are excellent scraping tools , for working animal hides or wood , with a ready - made hafting element .
The proper term for these kinds of tools is hafted scrapers .
Evidence for reworking and repurposing older stone tools was quite common in the past — there are many examples of lanceolate points ( long projectile points hafted onto spears ) that were reworked into dart points for use with atlatls .
Myths About Making an Arrowhead
Myth Number 4 : Arrowheads are made by heating a rock and then dripping water on it .
A stone projectile point is made by a sustained effort of chipping and flaking stone called flint knapping .
Flintknappers work a raw piece of stone into its shape by hitting it with another stone ( called percussion flaking ) and / or using a stone or deer antler and soft pressure ( pressure flaking ) to get the final product to just the right shape and size .
Myth Number 5 : It takes a really long time to make an arrow point .
While it is true that making some stone tools ( e.g. , Clovis points ) requires time and considerable skill , flintknapping , in general , is not a time - intensive task , nor does it necessarily require a great amount of skill .
Expedient flake tools can be made in a matter of seconds by anyone who is capable of swinging a rock .
Even producing more complicated tools is not necessarily a time - intensive task ( though they do require more skill ) .
If a flintknapper is skilled , she can make an arrowhead from start to finish in less than 15 minutes .
In the late 19th century , anthropologist John Bourke timed an Apache making four stone points , and the average was only 6.5 minutes .
Myth Number 6 : All arrows ( darts or spears ) had stone projectile points attached , to balance the shaft .
Stone arrowheads are not always the best choice for hunters : alternatives include shell , animal bone , or antler or simply sharpening the business end of the shaft .
A heavy point actually destabilizes an arrow during launch , and the shaft will fly out from the bow when fitted with a heavy head .
When an arrow is launched from a bow , the nock ( i.e. , notch for the bowstring ) is accelerated before the tip .
The greater velocity of the nock when combined with the inertia of a tip of higher density than the shaft and on its opposite end , tends to spin the distal end of the arrow forward .
A heavy point increases stresses that occur in the shaft when rapidly accelerated from the opposite end , which can result in " porpoising " or fishtailing of the arrow shaft while in flight .
In severe cases , the shaft can even shatter .
Myths : Weapons and Warfare
Myth Number 7 : The reason we so many projectile points is that there was a lot of warfare between tribes in prehistory .
Investigation of blood residues on stone projectile points reveals that the DNA on the majority of stone tools is from animals , not humans .
These points were thus , most often , used as hunting tools .
Although there was warfare in prehistory , it was far less frequent than hunting for food .
The reason there are so many projectile points to be found , even after centuries of determined collecting , is that the technology is a very old one : people have been making points to hunt animals for over 200,000 years .
Myth Number 8 : Stone projectile points are far more effective a weapon than a sharpened spear .
Experiments conducted by the Discovery Channel 's " Myth Busters " team under the direction of archaeologists Nichole Waguespack and Todd Surovell reveal that stone tools only penetrate about 10 % deeper into animal carcasses than sharpened sticks .
Also using experimental archaeology techniques , archaeologists Matthew Sisk and John Shea found that the depth of point penetration into an animal might be related to the width of a projectile point , not the length or weight .
Favorite Little Known Facts
Archaeologists have been studying projectile making and use for at least the past century .
Studies have expanded into experimental archaeology and replication experiments , which includes making stone tools and practicing their use .
Other studies include microscopic inspection of the wear on stone tool edges , identifying the presence of animal and plant residues on those tools .
Extensive studies on truly ancient sites and database analysis on point types have given archaeologists a great deal of information about the age of projectile points and how they changed over time and function .
Little Known Fact Number 1 : Stone projectile point use is at least as old as the Middle Paleolithic Levallois period .
Pointed stone and bone objects have been discovered on many Middle Paleolithic archaeological sites , such as Umm el Tiel in Syria , Oscurusciuto in Italy , and Blombos and Sibudu Caves in South Africa .
These points were probably used as thrusting or throwing spears , by both Neanderthals and Early Modern Humans , as long ago as ~ 200,000 years .
Sharpened wooden spears without stone tips were in use by ~ 400 – 300,000 years ago .
Bow and arrow hunting is at least 70,000 years old in South Africa but was not used by people outside of Africa until the Late Upper Paleolithic , about 15,000 – 20,000 years ago .
The atlatl , a device to assist in throwing darts , was invented by humans during the Upper Paleolithic period , at least 20,000 years ago .
Little Known Fact Number 2 : By and large , you can tell how old a projectile point is or where it came from by its shape and size .
Projectile points are identified to culture and time period on the basis of their form and flaking style .
Shapes and thicknesses changed over time , probably at least partly for reasons related to function and technology , but also because of style preferences within a particular group .
For whatever reason they changed , archaeologists can use these changes to map point styles to periods .
Studies of the different sizes and shapes of points are called point typologies .
In general , the larger , finely made points are the oldest points and were likely spear points , fixed to the working ends of spears .
The middle - sized , fairly thick points are called dart points ; they were used with an atlatl .
The smallest points were used at the ends of arrows shot with bows .
Previously Unknown Functions
Little Known Fact Number 3 : Archaeologists can use a microscope and chemical analysis to identify scratches and minute traces of blood or other substances on the edges of projectile points .
On points excavated from intact archaeological sites , forensic analysis can often identify trace elements of blood or protein on the edges of tools , allowing the archaeologist to make substantive interpretations on what a point was used for .
Called blood residue or protein residue analysis , the test has become a fairly common one .
In an allied laboratory field , deposits of plant residues such as opal phytoliths and pollen grains have been found on the edges of stone tools , which help identify the plants that were harvested or worked with stone sickles .
Another avenue of research is called use - wear analysis , in which archaeologists use a microscope to search for small scratches and breaks in the edges of stone tools .
Use - wear analysis is often used in conjunction with experimental archaeology , in which people attempt to reproduce ancient technologies .
Little Known Fact Number 4 : Broken points are more interesting than whole ones .
Lithic specialists who have studied broken stone tools can recognize how and why an arrowhead came to be broken , whether in the process of being made , during hunting , or as an intentional breakage .
Points that broke during manufacture often present information about the process of their construction .
Intentional breaks can be representative of rituals or other activities .
One of the most exciting and useful finds is a broken point in the midst of the flaky stone debris ( called debitage ) that was created during the point 's construction .
Such a cluster of artifacts offers copious information about human behaviors .
Little Known Fact Number 5 : Archaeologists sometimes use broken arrowheads and projectile points as interpretive tools .
When an isolated point tip is found away from a campsite , archaeologists interpret this to mean that the tool broke during a hunting trip .
When the base of a broken point is found , it 's almost always at a campsite .
The theory is , the tip is left behind at the hunting site ( or embedded in the animal ) , while the hafting element is taken back to the base camp for possible reworking .
Some of the oddest looking projectile points were reworked from earlier points , such as when an old point was found and reworked by a later group .
New Facts : What Science Has Learned about Stone Tool Production
Little Known Fact Number 6 : Some native cherts and flints improve their character by being exposed to heat .
Experimental archaeologists have identified the effects of heat treatment on some stone to increase a raw material 's gloss , alter the color , and , most importantly , increase the stone 's knappability .
Little Known Fact Number 7 : Stone tools are fragile .
According to several archaeological experiments , stone projectile points break in use and frequently after only one to three uses , and few remain usable for very long .
UPDATE 2 : According to Courtney Love 's attorney , Keith A. Fink , the singer did not lose custody of Frances Bean .
Rather , the teen just wants to live with her grandmother right now .
" Courtney 's been clean for years and is perfectly fine , " Fink told People .
" Frances is 17 and a strong - willed child , and this is a decision she made on her own .
No matter what , Courtney loves her daughter more than anything in the world . "
UPDATE 1 : A lawyer for Kurt Cobain 's mother and sister said this is a private family matter and that no statement would be issued on the reason behind the move .
________
It 's going to be a lonely Christmas for Courtney Love .
The ever - troubled rocker has lost legal custody of daughter Frances Bean Cobain , according to documents filed Friday in Los Angeles Superior Court .
By Andrew Benson
Jenson Button has signed to drive alongside Lewis Hamilton in an all - English line - up at McLaren next season .
The world champion 's move was announced on Wednesday following news that former world champion Kimi Raikkonen will not race in F1 next year .
Button described leaving the Brawn team for whom he won the title as a " difficult decision " .
But the 29 - year - old added : " Life is about challenges .
Most important of all , it 's about challenging yourself . "
In new team - mate Hamilton , Button will be competing against a man many regard as the fastest driver in F1 .
And while the move leaves McLaren with one of the most exciting driver line - ups , Button is facing arguably the toughest challenge of his career .
He added : " Although I won the World Championship with Brawn GP last year , and I 'll never forget that , I was always adamant that I wanted to continue to set myself fresh challenges .
Lewis is a wonderfully gifted driver who has earned the respect of every Formula 1 driver - I 'm sure there 's plenty that we can learn from each other
Jenson Button
" That 's why I 've decided to join Vodafone McLaren Mercedes .
You can't help but be affected by this team 's phenomenal history .
" McLaren is one of the greats of world sport , and its achievements and list of past champions read like a Who 's Who of Formula 1 - Emerson Fittipaldi , James Hunt , Niki Lauda , Alain Prost , Ayrton Senna , Mika Hakkinen and of course my new team - mate Lewis Hamilton .
" I 've followed the McLaren team ever since I was a small boy , and it feels unbelievable to finally be a part of it .
" When I visited the McLaren Technology Centre earlier this month , it was n't simply the technical resources and the incredible standards of excellence that impressed me .
" No , I was equally struck by the ambition , the motivation and the winning spirit that flow through everybody there .
And then there 's the team 's epic history : put it this way , the trophy cabinets seem to stretch for miles .
" From a personal point of view , it 's also a great pleasure to be joining a fellow British world champion .
ANDREW BENSON BLOG Jenson Button 's decision to sign for McLaren means he will head into his world title defence facing the toughest challenge of his career
" Lewis has achieved an incredible level of success in a very short period of time , and he's a wonderfully gifted driver who has earned the respect of every Formula 1 driver .
" I 'm sure there 's plenty that we can learn from each other , and I 'm really looking forward to using our combined knowledge to push the team forward . "
Button paid tribute to Brawn , whose participation in F1 last year was only confirmed with a month to go before the start of the season following Honda 's decision to quit F1 .
" I want to say that the 2009 season will always have a special place in my memory , and I 'm absolutely sure that everybody at Brawn GP who worked so hard to achieve our world championship successes feels exactly the same way about it , " he said .
Button 's switch means McLaren will be fielding the last two world champions in the same team , with Hamilton having won the drivers ' title in 2008 .
" It has always been our policy to employ the two very best possible drivers , " said McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh .
" In Jenson and Lewis , we feel we not only have the fastest pairing on the 2010 grid but also the two most complete , professional and dedicated drivers in Formula One .
" I want to make clear that Jenson 's decision to join us was in no way motivated by money .
We 'll be paying him no more than he could be getting elsewhere . "
Hamilton wished his former team - mate Heikki Kovalainen the best for the future , describing the Finn as " one of the nicest human beings I 've ever met " .
Hamilton added : " It 's fantastic news that Jenson has decided to join McLaren - and I 'm looking forward to working with him and our engineers to make sure we kick off the 2010 season with a car that 's competitive enough to win the world championship " I already know Jenson , and we get on very well together .
" We both really want our team to succeed .
Although we 'll be pushing each other hard , I 'm sure we 'll very quickly establish a great working relationship .
" He 's an exceptional driver : very controlled and very smooth , and he has a real depth of knowledge and experience .
I think we 'll complement each other very well , and our collaboration will make the team stronger as a result .
I believe we can pull together to make McLaren the best team on the grid . "
Button 's former team Brawn , who have been taken over by Mercedes , made Button an offer , but he did not consider it acceptable .
After a poor start to the 2009 season , McLaren came back strongly in the second half of the year , while Brawn , after dominating the first third of the season , slipped back in competitiveness as the year went on .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
McLaren will be the first team to start a season with the last two world champions as their drivers .
And it will be the first pairing of two British world champions since Graham Hill joined Jim Clark at Lotus in 1968 .
Brawn emerged from the ashes of the former Honda team , after the Japanese company pulled out of F1 last winter .
Button took a pay cut last winter to help secure the team 's future and they went on to win the world championship together in Brawn 's debut season .
Now renamed Mercedes Grand Prix , the team have already signed the German Nico Rosberg as one of their drivers .
His fellow German Nick Heidfeld is the favourite for the second seat .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a web developer , I am required to build web applications and secure websites .
One of the key requirement is to create a secure and well protected system to keep attackers at bay .
Although securing the website from malice is important , it is also important to secure the web application from stupidity .
Stupidity from the privileged users , administrators , developers , etc .
The cost of stupidity is often underestimated .
By stupidity I mean lack of average intelligence assumed for a particular task or not thinking through atleast a few worst case scenarios prior to doing something .
Let me give you a few big examples from history and recent times .
1 ) Data worth 2 billion dollars lost in courier
In 2007 , 25 million child benefit records was sent from one government department to another and was lost by the courier company .
The discs were sent by a junior staff member unencrypted and unregistered .
The discs contained all kinds of personal data , names and ages of children , bank savings account numbers , partners details and even National Insurance Numbers ( Equivalent to the Social Security Numbers ) .
The costs that this caused UK is not clear but it did involve high profile resignations , weeks and weeks of political debates , banks monitoring millions of accounts for fraudulent activity , etc .
Some estimate the data alone could be worth over $ 2 billion in criminal hands .
2) The Honda Point Disaster ( Off California Coast )
This was the largest peacetime loss of U.S.
Navy ships in which seven destroyers were lost .
This tragedy was not caused by malice .
Twenty - three sailors died in the mishap .
Two other destroyers were slightly damaged .
The navy court ruled it as a fault of the navigators and the captains of each ship .
How did this happen ?
The flagship was equipped with a radio navigational receiver , but ignored the bearings , believing them to be erroneous .
No effort was made to take soundings or depth measurements .
These operations were not performed due to the need to slow the ships to take readings .
The ships were performing an exercise that simulated wartime conditions , hence the decision not to slow down .
In this case , the dead reckoning ( method of estimating position ) was wrong and the mistake fatal .
The need to slow the ship might also reminds us of another disaster , the Titanic !
3 ) Aviation Accidents
Boeing studied commercial jet accidents ( not including hijacking , test flights , etc ) between 1959 to 2008 .
They determined the primary cause of Airline hull loss accidents ( aircraft beyond repair ) to be the following :
55 % : Flight crew error
17 % : Airplane
13 % : Weather
7 % : Misc. / Other
5 % : Air traffic control
3 % : Maintenance
Clearly a lot of these are preventable and a lot of lives could have been saved .
Flight crew error and the Air traffic control accounts to about 60 % of all hull loss accidents .
In Conclusion
Accidents do and will happen , I would recommend developers to think about stupidity and not just malice when building systems .
I have two interesting quotes to leave you with .
Albert Einstein –
Two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ; and I ’m not sure about the universe .
Hanlon ’s Razor – Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity .
Do share incidents that you have come across during your career .
Note : title suffix – “ autosuggest still blocked ” has been removed , see update2 at bottom of story .
We ’ve had the term “ global warming ” in the lexicon since well before the Internet became a household tool , certainly well before Google itself .
So it is with amazement that I report the rise of a new term , “ Climategate ” in just a little over 1 week in the Google search engine .
Here ’s our old friend “ global warming ” :
And here is the new term that is spreading like lightning , “ climategate ” :
global warming – 10,100,000
climategate – 10,400,000
Note that these are web searches , not news searches , but Google suggests a few news stories first .
These two searches were conducted about 1 minute apart .
Individual results and search permutations may vary , but it sure seems like “ climategate ” has grown virally in since the story on the CRU files broke on November 19th .
Here are some other interesting tidbits about “ climategate ” .
Google seems to be blocking their search box suggestions from using the word , reports on WUWT and my own observation two days ago indicate it was once there .
I used by upper right Google Search Box in IE8 to find out .
For example “ global war …. ” has lots of suggestions :
And so does “ climate ” :
I find it interesting that climate depot and climate audit are suggested ahead of climate progress .
But even when you spell out almost the enirety of “ climategate ” Google does n’t seem to think it ’s worth suggesting to you :
With “ climategate ” now as big as , likely even bigger than “ global warming ” on the web , Google might want to rethink this .
UPDATE : From comments
I see that “ Bing ” , the new search engine from Microsoft , has no such problems , and in fact puts “ climategate ” right at the top after only 3 letters “ c l i ” :
I thought the Langjokull Glacier in Iceland was a nice touch .
Bing apparently rotates backgrounds , so who knows what you ’ll see .
UPDATE2 : About 3 hours after this story was first posted , it appears that Google has added the word “ climategate ” to autosuggest .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
A man and a woman lie in bed at night in the short hour between kid sleep and parent sleep , turning down page corners as they read .
She is leafing through a fashion magazine , he through a cookbook .
Why they read these things mystifies even the readers .
The closet and the cupboard are both about as full as they ’re going to get , and though we can credit the fashion reader with at least wanting to know what is in fashion when she sees it , what can the recipe reader possibly be reading for ?
The shelf of cookbooks long ago overflowed , so that the sad relations and failed hopes ( “ Monet ’s Table , ” “ A Drizzle of Honey : The Lives and Recipes of Spain ’s Secret Jews ” ) now are stacked horizontally , high up .
The things he knows how to make that are actually in demand are as fixed as any cocktail pianist ’s set list , and for a clientele of children every bit as conservative as the barflies around that piano : make Parmesan - crusted chicken — the “ Feelings ” of food — every night and they would be delighted .
Yet the new cookbooks show up in bed , and the corners still go down .
Can you really learn to cook from a book ?
How do you tell firm peaks from stiff ones ?
How do you define “ chopped ” ?
Illustration by Marc Rosenthal
Vicarious pleasure ?
More like deferred frustration .
Anyone who cooks knows that it is in following recipes that one first learns the anticlimax of the actual , the perpetual disappointment of the thing achieved .
I learned it as I learned to bake .
When I was in my early teens , the sick yearning for sweets that adolescents suffer drove me , in afternoons taken off from school , to bake , which , miraculously , meant just doing what the books said and hoping to get what they promised to yield .
I followed the recipes as closely as I could : dense Boston cream pie , Rigó Jancsi slices , Sacher Torte with apricot jam between the layers . *
The potential miracle of the cookbook was immediately apparent : you start with a feeling of greed , find a list of rules , assemble a bunch of ingredients , and then you have something to be greedy about .
You begin with the ache and end with the object , where in most of the life of appetites — courtship , marriage — you start with the object and end with the ache .
Yet , if the first thing a cadet cook learns is that words can become tastes , the second is that a space exists between what the rules promise and what the cook gets .
It is partly that the steps between — the melted chocolate ’s gleam , the chastened , improved look of the egg yolks mixed with sugar — are often more satisfying than the finished cake .
But the trouble also lies in the same good words that got you going .
How do you know when a thing “ just begins to boil ” ?
How can you be sure that the milk has scorched but not burned ?
Or touch something too hot to touch , or tell firm peaks from stiff peaks ?
How do you define “ chopped ” ?
At the same time as I was illicitly baking in the afternoons , I was learning non-recipe main - course cooking at night from my mother , a scientist by day , who had long been off - book , as they say in the theatre , and she would show , not tell : how you softened the onions , made them golden , browned them .
This practice got you deeper than the words ever could .
Handed - down wisdom and worked - up information remain the double piers of a cook ’s life .
The recipe book always contains two things : news of how something is made , and assurance that there ’s a way to make it , with the implicit belief that if I know how it is done I can show you how to do it .
The premise of the recipe book is that these two things are naturally balanced ; the secret of the recipe book is that they ’re not .
The space between learning the facts about how something is done and learning how to do it always turns out to be large , at times immense .
What kids make depends on what moms know : skills , implicit knowledge , inherited craft , buried assumptions , finger know - how that no recipe can sum up .
The recipe is a blueprint but also a red herring , a way to do something and a false summing up of a living process that can be handed on only by experience , a knack posing as a knowledge .
We say “ What ’s the recipe ? ” when we mean “ How do you do it ? ”
And though we want the answer to be “ Like this ! ” the honest answer is “ Be me ! ” “ What ’s the recipe ? ” you ask the weary pro chef , and he gives you a weary - pro- chef look , since the recipe is the totality of the activity , the real work .
The recipe is to spend your life cooking .
Yet the cookbooks keep coming , and we continue to turn down their pages : “ The Asian Grandmothers Cookbook , ” “ The Adaptable Feast , ” the ones with disingenuously plain names —
“ How to Roast a Lamb : New Greek Classic Cooking ” ( a good one , in fact ) — and the ones with elaborately nostalgic premises , like “ Dining on the B. & O. : Recipes and Sidelights from a Bygone Age . ”
Once - familiar things depart from their pages silently , like Minerva ’s owls .
“ Yield , ” for instance , a word that appeared at the top of every recipe in every cookbook that my mother owned — “ Yield : six portions , ” or twelve , or twenty — is gone .
Maybe it seemed too cold , too technical .
In any case , the recipe no longer yields ; it merely serves .
“ Makes six servings ” or “ Serves four to six as part of an appetizer ” is all you get .
Other good things go .
Clarified butter ( melted butter with the milk solids skimmed and strained ) has vanished — Graham Kerr , the Galloping Gourmet , once used it like holy water — while emulsified butter ( melted butter with a little water whisked in ) , thanks to Thomas Keller ’s sponsorship , plays an ever - larger role .
The cult of the cooking vessel — the wok , the tagine , the Dutch oven , the smoker , the hibachi , the Tibetan kiln or the Inuit ice oven or whatever — seems to be over .
Paula Wolfert has a new book devoted to clay - pot cooking , but it feels too ambitious in advance ; we have tried too many other modish pots , and know that , like Elvis ’s and Michael Jackson ’s chimps , after their hour is done they will live out their years forgotten and alone , on the floor of the closet , alongside the fondue forks and the spice grinder and the George Foreman grill .
Even the imagery of cooking has changed .
Sometime in the past decade or so , the actual eating line was breached .
Now the cooking magazines and the cookbooks are filled with half - devoured dishes and cut -open vegetables .
Michael Psilakis ’s fine Greek cookbook devotes an entire page to a downbeat still - life of torn - off artichoke leaves lying in a pile ; the point is not to entice the eater but to ennoble the effort .
With their torn leaves and unyielding pages , cookbooks have two overt passions right now : one is simplicity , the other is salt .
The chef ’s cookbook from the fancy place has been superseded by the chef ’s cookbook from the fancy place without the fancy - place food .
David Waltuck , of the ever to be mourned Chanterelle , started this trend with his “ Staff Meals , ” and now we have Thomas Keller ’s “ Ad Hoc at Home , ” and , from Mark Peel , of the Los Angeles hot spot Campanile , “ New Classic Family Dinners . ”
( “ Every single recipe was tested in Peel ’s own home kitchen — where he has only one strainer , just like the rest of us , and no kitchen staff to clean up after him . ” )
The simplicity is in part a reaction to the cult of complexity of Spain ’s Ferran Adrià school of molecular cooks , with their cucumber foam and powdered octopus .
Reformations make counterreformations as surely as right makes left ; every time someone whitewashes a church in Germany , someone else paints angels on a ceiling in Rome .
But simplicity remains the most complicated of all concepts .
I have in one month stumbled over six simple recipes for making ragù or Bolognese — plain spaghetti sauce , as it used to be known , when there was only one kind — with chicken livers or without , diced chuck roast or hamburger , white wine or red .
Yet all movements in cooking believe themselves to be movements toward greater simplicity .
( Even the molecular gastronomes believe that they are truly elemental , breaking things down to the atomic level . )
Curnonsky , the greatest of the interwar gourmands , was famous for preferring the cooking of the provinces and of grandmothers to the cuisine of restaurant chefs , and the result was such monuments of simplicity as Tournedos Curnonsky : filet of beef with grilled tomatoes , poached bone marrow , and cognac - port - and - black - truffle sauce .
Simplicity is the style , but salt the ornamental element — the idea of tasting flights of salt being a self - satirizing notion that Swift could n’t have come up with .
The insistence on the many kinds of salt — not merely sea salt and table salt but hand - harvested fleur de sel , Himalayan red salt , and Hawaiian pink salt — is everywhere , and touching , because , honestly , it all tastes like salt .
And now everyone brines .
Brining , the habit of dunking meat in salty water for a bath of a day or so , seems to have first reappeared out of the koshering past , in Cook ’s Illustrated , sometime in the early nineties , as a way of dealing with the dry flesh of the modern turkey , and then spread like , well , ocean water in a tsunami , until now both Keller and Peel are happy to brine everything : pork roasts , chicken breasts , shrimp , duck .
Although brining is defended with elaborate claims about tenderness , what it really does is make food taste salty , and all primates like the taste of salt .
That ’s a feature , not a bug ; we ’re doing what our peasant ancestors did , making meat into ham .
Salted food demands a salty sweet , and we read that in Spain recently one connoisseur had “ a chocolate ganache coated in bread floating in a small pool of olive oil with fleur de sel sprinkled on it , ” while we can now make pecan - and - salt caramel - cheesecake chocolate mousse with olive oil and flaky - salt sticky - peanut cookie bars for ourselves .
The salt fetish has , I think , another and a deeper cause : we want to bond with the pro cooks .
Most of what pro cooks have that home cooks do n’t is what plantation owners used to have : high heat and lots of willing slaves .
( The slaves seem happy , anyway , until they escape and write that testimonial , or start that cooking blog . )
But the pro cooks also salt a lot more than feels right to an amateur home cook ; both the late Bernard Loiseau and the Boston cook Barbara Lynch have confessed that hyper - seasoning , and , in particular , high salting , is a big part of what makes pro cooks ’ food taste like pro cooks ’ food .
But the poor home cook , without hope of an eight - hundred - degree brick oven , and lucky if he can press - gang a ten - year - old into peeling carrots , can still salt hard , and so salt , its varieties and use , becomes a luxury replacement , a sign of seriousness even when you do n’t have the real tools of seriousness at hand .
The urge to meld identities with the pros is tied to a desire to get something out of a cookbook besides another recipe .
For beneath those conscious enthusiasms and trends lies a new and deeper uncertainty in the relation between the recipe book and its reader .
In this the Great Age of Disaggregation , all the old forms are being smashed apart and their contents spilled out like piñatas at a birthday party .
The cookbook is n’t spared .
The Internet has broken what once seemed a natural tie , between the recipe and the cookbook , as it has broken the tie between the news story and the newspaper .
You can find pretty much any recipe you want online now .
If you need a recipe for mustard - shallot sauce or boeuf à la mode , you enter a few search terms , and there it is .
So the old question “ What ’s the recipe for ? ” gives way to “ What ’s the cookbook for ? , ” which turns it , like everything else these days , toward the memoir , the confessional , the recipe as self - revelation .
Barbara Lynch begins her book “ Stir ” with a preface that sounds like the opening passages of “ GoodFellas ” : “ We were poor , fiercely Irish , and extremely loyal .
The older boys I knew grew up to be policemen , politicians and criminals ( often a mix of the three . ) . . .
If I ever had thoughts at all as to what I might be when I grew up , they were modest ones .
I might have pictured myself running a bar ( in Southie ) or opening a sub shop ( in Southie ) .
But having a restaurant of my own on Beacon Hill ?
No way .
In fact , if a fortune teller had told me at fourteen what good things were in store for me , I would have laughed in her face and told her where she could shove such bullshit .
. . .
I marvel that any of us made it out of there without winding up in jail or the morgue . ”
Michael Psilakis , in “ How to Roast a Lamb , ” includes his own childhood traumas : “ As I sat on top of the lamb , watching it struggle to free itself , as if in slow motion my father came up behind me , reached down over my right shoulder with a hunting knife , grabbed the lamb ’s head and ears , and , in one swift motion , slit the lamb ’s throat .
. . .
Blood shot out of the lamb like water from a high - pressure hose . ”
You never had a moment like that with Julia Child or Joseph Wechsberg . [ #unhandled_cartoon ]
Another answer to the question “ What good is the cookbook ? ” lies in what might be called the grammatical turn : the idea that what the cookbook should supply is the rules , the deep structure — a fixed , underlying grammar that enables you to use all the recipes you find .
This grammatical turn is available in the popular “ Best Recipe ” series in Cook ’s Illustrated , and in the “ Cook ’s Bible ” of its editor , Christopher Kimball , in which recipes begin with a long disquisition on various approaches , ending with the best ( and so brining was born ) ; in Michael Ruhlman ’s “ The Elements of Cooking , ” with its allusion to Strunk & White ’s usage guide ; and , most of all , in Mark Bittman ’s indispensable new classic “ How to Cook Everything , ” which , though claiming “ minimalism ” of style , is maximalist in purpose — not a collection of recipes for all occasions but a set of techniques for all time .
You see a progression if you compare the classics of the past century : Escoffier ’s culinary dictionary , Julia Child ’s “ Mastering the Art of French Cooking , ” Julee Rosso and Sheila Lukins ’s “ The New Basics , ” and Bittman ’s recently revised “ Everything . ”
The standard kitchen bible , the book you turn to most often , has evolved from dictionary to encyclopedia , and to anthology and then grammar .
Escoffier ’s book was pure dictionary : quick reminders to clarify a point or make a variation eloquent .
Escoffier lists every recipe for tournedos and all its variations .
His recipes are summaries , aide - mémoires for cooks who know how to make it already but need to be reminded what ’s in it .
( Is a béarnaise sauce tarragon leaves and stems , or just leaves ? )
This was the way all cooks cooked once .
( In the B. & O. cookbook , one finds this recipe for short ribs : “ Put short ribs in a saucepan with one quart of nice stock , with one onion cut fine , steam until nice and tender .
Place in roasting pan and put in oven until they are nice and brown . ”
That ’s it .
Everything else is commentary . )
In “ Mastering the Art of French Cooking , ” as in Waverley Root ’s “ The Food of France , ” which came out at around the same time , the turn is encyclopedic : here ’s all you can find on a particular kind of cooking , which you will master by reading this book .
Things are explained , but , as in an encyclopedia , what is assumed is the need for more and deeper information about material already taken to be essential .
You get a list not of everything there is but of everything that matters .
Julia gives you only the tournedos recipes that count .
You did n’t want to master the art of French cooking unless you believed that it was an art uniquely worth mastering .
When people did master it , they realized that it was n’t — that no one style of cooking really was adequate to our appetites .
So the cookbook as anthology arrived , open to many sources , from American Thanksgiving and Jewish brisket through Italian pasta and French Stroganoff — most successfully in “ The New Basics ” cookbook , which was the standard for the past generation .
The anthology cookbooks assumed curiosity about styles and certainty about methods .
In “ The New Basics , ” the tone is chatty , informal , taking for granted that the readers — women , mostly — know the old basics : what should be in the kitchen , what kinds of machines to use , how to handle a knife .
The cookbooks of the grammatical turn assume that you do n’t know how to do the simple things , but that the simple things , mastered , will enable you to do it all .
Bittman assumes that you have no idea how to chop an onion , or boil a potato , much less how chopping differs from slicing or from dicing .
Each basic step is tenderly detailed .
How to Boil Water : “ Put water in a pot ( usually to about two - thirds full ) , and turn the heat to high . ”
How to Slice with a Knife : “ You still press down , just with a little more precision , and cut into thick or thin slices of fairly uniform size . ”
To sauté : “ Put a large skillet on the stove and add the butter or oil .
Turn the heat to medium - high .
When the butter bubbles or the oil shimmers , add the food you want to sauté . ”
Measuring dry ingredients , you are told to “ scoop them up or use a spoon to put them in the cup . ”
And , “ Much of cooking is about heat . ”
Chomsky received his Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1955 .
He joined the staff of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1955 and in 1961 was appointed full professor in the Department of Modern Languages and Linguistics .
During the years 1958 to 1959 Chomsky was in residence at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , NJ .
In the spring of 1969 he delivered the John Locke Lectures at Oxford ; in January 1970 he delivered the Bertrand Russell Memorial Lecture at Cambridge University ; in 1972 , the Nehru Memorial Lecture in New Delhi , and in 1977 , the Huizinga Lecture in Leiden , among many others .
Chomsky has received honorary degrees from universities around the world , and is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the National Academy of Science .
Hula Dancing For Kids Print This Page
Add To Favorites
Easy Hula Dance For Kids - Pearly Shells Visiting Hawaii is a mind - blowing experience .
Not only is the scenery amazing , the culture is warm and inviting .
The hula dance is a big part of the charm of Hawaii .
Not many of us are able to make a trip to Hawaii to experience this in person but to get a feel for the Hawaiian experience doing a simple little hula dance will give the impression of being there .
This easy hula dance is called , " Pearly Shells " and is great fun for kids to learn .
The hula dance tells a story and the movements of the body convey the message .
" Pearly Shells " is a simple little song that is popular today in Hawaii .
Both girls and boys can perform this simple hula and have fun .
Each line of the song has motions with the hands and the feet that explain the words to the song .
The first line is describing the pearly shells that come from the ocean , the sun that is shinning and that covers the shore .
The hand movements are to pretend you reach down to the beach and grab shells , then raise your hands holding the palms facing up but keep them closed as if holding the shells .
That is ' Pearly shells ' , then ' from the ocean ' with open hands move them in a gentle waving motion as if they are floating on waves .
For ' shinning in the sun ' , move your arms over your head making a big circle like the sun and then for covering the shore lower your hands to waist level and move them slowly side to side like you would if you were moving them over the beach sand .
The second line of the song tells about how the hear will fell when seeing the shells and that the person will feel more love for you than they could ever feel for any amount of shells the see .
The movement for ' When I see them ' is to extend your right hand raised straight out and up and the left hand up to your eye .
For the phrase about the heart speaking of love , the movement is simply over the heart cross the hands .
Then for the phrase that no amount of shells that are pearly will have more value , the movement is again picking shells off the beach .
The third line of the song says that the person has kisses for every single grain of sand and then even more kisses then there are stars that shine in the sky .
Then the phrase talking about the shore and all its sand , the action is pretending to gather up tiny grains of sand off the beach .
And then to describe all the kisses they have to give , simply pretend to throw a kiss .
The last part of the phrase , describing the endless kisses that are more in number than every star , the action is raising the hands over the head reaching for the stars in the sky .
Using the Kaholo step , keep moving two steps to one side and two steps to the other side while doing all the hand movements .
Once you have completed the all the hand movements at the end of the third line of the song , keep repeating the movements for the three lines to the end of the song .
by Hula Jack - Back to Top Hula Dance
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The defence bill President Barack Obama will sign into law on Wednesday contains a new provision that would pay Taliban fighters who renounce the insurgency , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin said on Tuesday .
U.S. President Barack Obama arrives to deliver remarks at a Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ( DSCC ) / Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) dinner in Miami , Florida , October 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
The provision establishes a program in Afghanistan similar to one used in Iraq where former fighters were re-integrated into Iraqi society , Levin told Reuters .
Obama plans to sign the bill authorizing Pentagon operations for fiscal 2010 on Wednesday , the White House said .
Reaching out to moderate Taliban members is part of the Obama administration ’s plan to turn around the eight - year war in Afghanistan .
Levin also has advocated trying to convince Taliban fighters to change sides by luring them with jobs and amnesty for past attacks .
Under the legislation , Afghan fighters who renounce the insurgency would be paid for “ mainly protection of their towns and villages , ” Levin said .
It would be “ just like the sons of Iraq , ” he said , referring to the program used in Iraq which military commanders say helped turn around a failing war .
“ You got 90,000 Iraqis who switched sides , and are involved in protecting their hometowns against attack and violence . ”
L
The bill authorizes using money from an existing Commanders Emergency Response Program , which U.S. commanders can use for a variety of purposes .
It does not set a specific dollar amount for the fighters ’ re-integration program .
There is $ 1.3 billion authorized for the fund in fiscal 2010 , which began October 1 .
The money must still be allocated by defence appropriators , who are working to finish the legislation .
As part of his overall strategy review on Afghanistan , Obama is debating whether to send more U.S. troops to the region and is set to meet on Friday with Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and the heads of the military services , the White House said .
The meeting was “ probably getting towards the end ” of Obama ’s decision - making process , said White House spokesman Robert Gibbs .
The Joint Chiefs office recently completed an internal assessment of the two leading proposals for troop levels in Afghanistan .
These were sending roughly 40,000 additional troops , as his commander for Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , has recommended , or a far smaller number , an option McChrystal and other defence officials see as having a higher risk of failure .
On the subject of " aggressive " vs. " friendly " atheism , Hemant Mehta ( Friendly Atheist ) argues that there are more similarities than differences .
For example , he notes that both types of atheists " want to both increase the respectability of the atheist viewpoint while at the same time persuading others that it ’s the most rational point of view . "
That sounds reasonable to me .
But I have to part ways with Mehta in his description of " aggressive " atheists :
The difference is that the “ aggressive ” types do n’t care who they offend .
They ’ll go after religion in all its forms — it does n’t matter if they criticize the Vatican or the local church down the street or your sweet neighbor who happens to be religious .
As someone who has frequently been accused of aggressive atheism , I do n't think it is about not caring who I offend as much as it is recognizing that someone who believes ridiculous things has no reasonable expectation of people pretending otherwise .
I certainly do care who I offend , and I go out of my way many times each and every day to conduct myself in a less offensive manner .
I am frequently polite when I do n't want to be , particularly around matters of religious delusion .
I do n't point and laugh when someone prays in public at a restaurant .
I do n't reply , " Now why the hell would I want to do that ? " when a co-worker invites me to a Christmas party even though that is precisely the thought that goes through my head .
I do not mock the religious beliefs of my friends unless I feel that they have opened the door to such mockery by proselytizing .
Does any of this make me friendly ?
No .
I am probably one of the least friendly people I 've encountered , and I 'm content with that .
When it comes to atheism , I am perfectly willing to place myself on the aggressive side of the spectrum .
At least , I would be if I thought it was meaningful to talk about " aggressive atheism . "
It sounds to me like what Hemant is really claiming is that " friendly " atheists choose their battles while " aggressive " atheists do not .
But I do n't think that is an accurate claim .
Nobody has the time , money , and energy to fight every battle .
We all choose our battles .
I would much rather keep as allies those religious people who do things like support sound science , fight for equal rights for the GLBT community , and believe in separation of church and state .
I do n't disagree with any of this .
What Hemant seems to mistake as a trait of the " friendly " atheist sounds a lot like pragmatism .
I have no more interest than he does in wanting to drive away potential allies .
What I am not going to do is pretend to accept their religious delusion .
I do n't think Hemant would do so either .
Hemant spends more time musing over atheist tactics on his blog than any other atheist blogger I 've encountered .
I think this is a good thing because tactics are important .
My only criticism is that his analysis often seems overly focused on attempting to justify the place of " friendly " atheists .
I do n't think " friendly " atheists require any justification ; they are an important part of a functioning whole .
But then , I suppose I 've always preferred a " big tent " atheism over internal division .
Writing about vaccines , evolution , and even dark matter has ended up setting off contentious discussions here at Ars .
But no area seems to bring out impassioned arguments as reliably as climate change .
Covering the latest scientific results can bring forth cries of scientific fraud , conspiracies , and denialism ; considering policy implications can be even worse .
It can be really difficult for anyone not well - versed in the debate to get any sense of the science at all , something that 's clear from the huge gap between the scientific community 's acceptance of climate change and the public 's wariness about the topic .
So it 's probably useful to step back from the latest findings , and look at science 's basic understanding of how greenhouse gasses can force climate change , which often gets lost in the arguments .
All things being equal , adding greenhouse gasses to the atmosphere will warm it
The concept of greenhouse gas - driven warming was worked out about a century ago , shortly after it was realized that carbon dioxide is transparent to visible light , but absorbs infrared radiation .
Once absorbed , it is transformed into vibrational and rotational energy , which we perceive as warmth .
This plays out very simply : the sun 's output in the visible spectrum passes through greenhouse gasses on the way to the ground , where a lot of it gets absorbed and radiated back out as infrared at a later point .
With more greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere , a greater fraction of that IR is absorbed by the atmosphere , increasing its heat content .
Not only are the physics simple , it 's easy to calculate the impact of greenhouse gasses by measuring the amount of energy sent our way by the sun , and then assuming it 's all radiated back to space .
Without the influence of greenhouse gasses , including water vapor and CO 2 , the planet would be a much colder place , and uninhabitable by most of its current life .
The basics of the greenhouse effect , courtesy of the Department of Energy
It 's also relatively simple to calculate that adding more of these gasses would shift the energy balance further .
This really can't be emphasized enough .
In the hyperbolic language that has infested the debate , researchers have been accused of everything from ditching the scientific method to participating in a vast conspiracy .
But the basic concepts of the greenhouse effect is a matter of simple physics and chemistry , and have been part of the scientific dialog for roughly a century .
Greenhouse - driven climate change is used to explain many historic events
There are any number of indications that climate change driven by greenhouse gasses is far more readily accepted among the scientific community than it is among the general public , from surveys of researchers to statements released by organizations of professional scientists .
But perhaps the clearest indication of the acceptance of an idea like this is the fact that it 's deeply engrained in scientific discussions .
The scientific literature makes it clear that scientists view greenhouse effects as plausible explanations for everything from historic shifts in the Earth 's climate to the dynamics of the atmospheres of other planets .
In the last month or so , I 've come across a paper that suggested the global glaciations occurred when oxygen appeared in the atmosphere because that oxygen reacted with and eliminated a specific greenhouse gas ( I 'd seen something similar years ago that proposed the same thing , but with a different greenhouse gas ) .
In the same span , two papers have suggested that a plunge in atmospheric carbon dioxide caused the glaciation of Antarctica .
The importance of atmospheric carbon dioxide for an earlier period of warming called the PETM has also been an area of intensive study .
It 's important to emphasize that , with the exception of the PETM , the precise role of greenhouse gas changes in these events is pretty speculative at this point .
But a couple of things should be clear : scientists consider changes in greenhouse gasses a plausible driver of changing climates , and view the field as a fruitful area of study .
That " all things being equal " caveat is a big one
Obviously , however , greenhouse gasses are hardly the only climate influence that can change .
The amount of energy sent our way by the sun varies in 11 - year cycles , and often displays longer - term trends .
Aerosols , such as those released by volcanoes and burning fossil fuels , can reflect sunlight back into space ; so can some clouds .
The levels of any of these can change at the same time as greenhouse gasses , either enhancing or obscuring their climactic impact .
As a result , researchers have attempted to track the changes in these other factors in order to understand the precise role played by rising levels of CO 2 and methane in recent temperature rises .
These efforts have included tracking the activity of the sun ( pretty easy ) to measuring the levels of aerosols and the extent of cloud cover ( much , much harder ) .
Complicating matters further , a change in temperature can induce changes in other factors that influence climate .
So , for example , higher temperatures melt glaciers , which normally reflect sunlight back into space — their absence will tend to enhance the warming .
In the same way , higher temperatures allow the atmosphere to hold more water vapor , which is a potent greenhouse gas ( but one that circulates through the atmosphere within days , rather than the centuries typical of CO 2 ) .
It 's pretty clear that these feedbacks play a critical role in modulating the climate — the Earth would n't either enter or exit ice ages if it were n't for feedbacks that enhance otherwise minor changes in the distribution of sunlight that reaches the planet .
That said , the relative importance or magnitude of different feedbacks is an active area of research , and there is plenty of room for scientific disagreements there .
Still , not knowing everything is n't the same as not knowing anything ; it 's possible to get some reasonably accurate estimates of many of the feedbacks and forcings , or to set upper and lower bounds on their likely values .
In the case of solar forcings , we actually have pretty good measurements of the changes in our sun 's activity over the last several decades .
The limits we have on these values mean that future estimates , such as those provided by the IPCC , include a range of potential values for likely future temperature changes .
This is n't weather forecasting
Both sides of the public debate have a really unfortunate tendency to equate climate with the weather .
People will happily point to extreme weather events as evidence of a changing climate , even though the links between increased temperatures and , say , hurricane strength , are still not entirely clear .
Others will list news reports of record low temperatures , apparently oblivious to the fact that one unusually cold day can easily occur in an exceptionally hot year .
These arguments conflate two very different things : weather is what happens on a given day , while the climate is what the weather will typically be like .
To give a simple example : the climate in Texas is generally warmer than that in New York , but it 's entirely possible to have a colder day in Texas , or hotter day in New York .
So , although the global climate is now warmer than it was in 1900 , that certainly does n't preclude the possibility of record cold days .
Image ?UCAR , graphic by Mike Shibao .
The difference between weather and climate in the US .
Record highs and lows ( weather ) continue to occur , but the climate drives decade - long trends in their frequency .
There 's a related misconception : many seem to think that if we can't get weather forecasts right , we can't possibly predict the climate .
Not surprisingly , if weather and climate are very different things , the methods and tools used to predict them are equally different .
We 've gone into the differences in detail in the past , but the difference is what you 'd expect based on the difference between weather and climate : it 's very hard to predict the specific state of a complex system over longer time periods , but nowhere near as difficult to get a sense of what its general outlines are likely to be .
It 's important to look for the science
It 's impossible to cover every possible aspect of climate science in a single piece ; the climate is big and complex , and raging arguments have developed over all sorts of minutia .
So , the best piece of advice one can have when attempting to engage with climate science is simply to recognize scientific data and reasoning .
So , using examples from above , if you see someone confusing weather and climate , you can probably assume that they 've not been paying careful attention to scientific issues .
In the same way , you 'll often see people arguing that since the planet 's climate has changed in the past without human intervention , there 's no reason to worry about human - generated greenhouse gasses now — which ignores evidence indicating some of those past changes have been driven by greenhouse gasses .
We 've also discussed ( twice ! ) why using 1998 as a starting point for discussing some sort of " global cooling " involves a careful preselection of data .
You 'll also see some people leave basic logic behind .
Many will cite surfacestations.org in an attempt to show that recent temperature records are inaccurate , and then turn around and use those same records to argue that temperatures have recently cooled .
So , in addition to knowing the basics of climate science , perhaps the most important thing to know when dealing with the climate is how to recognize when someone has stopped using science entirely .
Many Afghans surveyed felt that foreign aid was not reaching them
Poverty and unemployment are overwhelmingly seen as the main reasons behind conflict in Afghanistan , according to a survey in that country .
British aid agency Oxfam - which questioned 704 Afghans - said seven out of 10 respondents blamed these factors .
Taliban violence was seen as less important than government weakness and corruption , according to the poll .
Oxfam said the survey showed that the country needed more than military solutions .
Half our people have been driven mad
An unnamed Afghan man interviewed in Nangarhar
One in five said they had been tortured and one in 10 claimed to have been imprisoned at least once since 1979 , when Soviet forces invaded .
Based on what those surveyed said : • one in six Afghans are currently considering leaving the country • three - quarters of Afghans have been forced to leave their homes since 1979 • one in 10 Afghans have been imprisoned at least once SEE THE FULL REPORT
The findings in detail [ 1.17MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Eight Afghan non-governmental organisations helped conduct the poll in 14 provinces across the country between January and April 2009 , Oxfam said .
Those interviewed , it adds , were men and women selected at random .
' Always in fear '
The fourth most important factor behind the fighting , according to the survey published in a report entitled The Cost of War , was interference by neighbouring countries .
" The people of Afghanistan have suffered 30 years of unrelenting horror , " said Oxfam chief executive Barbara Stocking .
" In that time millions have been killed and millions more have fled their homes .
Those who have committed the most terrible abuses have enjoyed impunity rather than faced justice .
Afghan society has been devastated . "
One respondent in Nangarhar , whose name was concealed in order to protect his identity , described the impact of the conflict on his fellow Afghans .
" What do you think the effect that two million Afghans martyred , 70 % of Afghanistan destroyed and our economy eliminated has had on us ? " he asked .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " Half our people have been driven mad .
A man who is 30 or 40 years old looks like he is 70 .
We always live in fear .
We are not secure anywhere in Afghanistan . "
Another man interviewed said : " If people are jobless they are capable of anything . "
The survey suggests that many Afghans believe foreign aid does not reach those who need it most .
Addressing the military conflict , Oxfam 's chief executive said the message from ordinary people in Afghanistan was that " all sides must stop targeting civilians " .
They wanted international forces to tighten their restrictions on air strikes and night raids and to investigate properly all allegations of harm to civilians , she said .
The Afghan people interviewed also wanted insurgents to " stop taking refuge in civilian areas , which puts normal Afghans on the front lines of the conflict " , she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thursday is America 's official day of thanks , but across the Internet uncountable numbers of bloggers , Twitterers , Facebookers ( is that even a word ? ) and emailers have gotten a 25 day running start on gratitude .
They 've jumped in on the 30 Days of Thanks effort online .
30 Days was born after three women realized how much they enjoyed encouraging themselves and others to focus a few minutes a day on the people , things and experiences for which they 're grateful .
The home site cheerfully suggests blogging your thoughts daily but notes ,
Thankfulness does n't only come to those who blog !
You can still play by writing in a journal , on napkins at lunch ( think how cool it would be to have 30 napkins at the end of the month you could create an album with , or frame ! ) , or on anything at all .
It 's about the practice , and the every day consistency .
It suggests other paths like posting at Facebook , or Tweeting ( check for hashtag # 30 days for a fast way to find folks playing along )
Heather Hinson , of Charlotte , NC. , one of the founders , says :
Every post does n't have to be deep or meaningful or fabulous .
You 're thankful , of course , for family and old friends and laughter but one day I posted that I was grateful for lip gloss .
It can be a stretch .
But when you 've had a tough day and you discipline yourself to sit down and think , " what will I post ? " the process makes you happier already .
The 30 Days idea is actually 390 days old .
It started after Hinson reconnected with a high school pal , Monica Cox of Atlanta .
In 2008 , Cox posted a grateful thought daily throughout November .
This year , with her second baby due , it was more than Cox could do .
So Hinson picked up the flag and began posting thanks on November 1 .
Immediately , Stacy Brice of Baltimore , who knew Hinson through Brice 's business training people to be online professional management assistants , spotted the post .
She suggested they create a website and invite the world to join in .
It was up Nov. 2 .
Brice herself is thankful not only for loved ones but also for music , for " ' bright shiny new caulk ' on the back splash of her kitchen and people who have the skill to make it look so good , " she says .
She liked Heather 's post on being thankful for open gas stations at the foot of the hill when you 're coasting on fumes .
They have no measure of how far this has spread .
They say many like to keep their grateful thoughts private among family and friends , while others go public .
Some use the process as a spiritual discipline -- 30 days of finding new ways to experience God 's gifts .
Although the site is not expressly religious , on the 30 Days Facebook event site ( look fast because it expires Nov. 30 ) several people address their thanks to God or Jesus .
Brice does n't mention God , however , she says ,
I 'm a deeply spiritual and for me God is the core of everything .
It 's all about love at the end of the day .
During these 30 days , people will post whatever brings them to a place of thanks .
And whoever is God to them will see it .
God knows .
Hinson points out that ,
Some might say that being thankful is more self - centered than giving thanks , but I like to think of it as more heart - centered instead .
So now it 's my turn to join in .
I marked F&R 's first anniversary with three weeks off -- hiking in magnificent New Zealand and recouping with gracious friends in charming Sydney .
But I could only go off to celebrate knowing that four talented journalists -- Gary Stern , Cathleen Falsani , Bob Smietana and Tracy Simmons , would keep F&R perking with the guidance of excellent editors Anne Godlasky and Leslie Miller .
Many days of November I offered thanks up for their good work !
But every day , year round , I 'm grateful for you , readers .
Your thoughts and comments , here and in the Forum , bring F&R alive .
At USA TODAY , we do n't call these blogs " blogs " -- we call them " communities . "
You make this true .
May your own Thanksgiving community be full of love and blessings .
If you 'd like to share one or two of your grateful thoughts -- be they for your Lord , your loved ones , your lipgloss or anything in between -- please do !
Why was it left to the National Freakin ' Football League - hardly a bastion of liberal thought - to call out bombastic shock jock Rush Limbaugh for his puerile racism and incessant bigotry ?
And why do NFL owners hold themselves to a higher standard than ... the rest of us ?
Limbaugh made headlines again this week - an annoyingly regular occurrence –when it was reported that he was part of a group attempting to buy a piece of his hometown football team , the St. Louis Rams .
As is usual with All Things Rush , controversy erupted immediately .
This should have come as a surprise to no one , since the Rams play in a league where two - thirds of the players are black .
Current and retired players , several owners , the head of the players union and of course professional gadflies like the omnipresent Reverend Sharpton all made it immediately and abundantly clear that Limbaugh 's bid would be met with fierce opposition .
Soon National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell publicly called out Limbaugh for making - here 's another surprise ! — " divisive comments , " and it became obvious that El Rushbo was a dead man talking - at least as far as the NFL bid was concerned .
As Goodell told the New York Times , NFL owners are " held to a high standard , " and " I would not want to see those comments coming from people who are in a responsible position in the N.F.L. -- absolutely not . "
Although he may actually have taken a principled stand , it 's more likely that Goodell was simply recognizing reality .
A successful ownership bid by Limbaugh & Co. was never really in the cards .
For one thing , despite Rush 's recent $ 400 million dollar contract extension , there might not have been enough money on the table to ensure a successful bid .
But the real reason is that NFL owners were rightly worried that letting Limbaugh join their exclusive club would be akin to asking for a stink bomb to explode in their clubhouse .
After all , The Grand Poobah 's previous NFL foray was a public relations fiasco .
While he was employed by ESPN as a commentator , Limbaugh announced on air that Eagles star Donovan McNabb was consistently overrated by a news media anxious to see a black quarterback succeed .
" They are polarizing comments that we do n't think reflect accurately on the N.F.L. or our players , " Goodell said .
" I obviously do not believe that those comments are positive and they are divisive .
That 's a negative thing for us . "
Given the overwhelming likelihood that Limbaugh would fail to pass muster as an NFL owner - something he surely anticipated - the uninitiated might well wonder why he even entered into the futile exercise in the first place ...
Well , wonder no more ...
It 's long been apparent that Limbaugh likes nothing more than to drive the mainstream media agenda - something he is quite adept at .
As he told NBC's Jamie Gangel on the Today show , " I know how to yank their chain .
I know how to send them into insanity .
I know how to make them spend the next two days talking about me . "
Limbaugh said he anticipated the media frenzy over his bid to buy the Rams .
" They 're just gonna go nuts , " he said .
" This is the kind of stuff they 've been trying to make sure does n't happen with me .
All this stuff is the mainstreaming of Rush Limbaugh from off this far - right fringe they 've tried to put me .
I just keep tiptoeing into the mainstream .
And it just irritates them . ”
" Most of my critics do n't even listen to me ; they are clueless , " Limbaugh continued .
" They just go to Web sites that report what I say out of context .
I 'm amazed at the Democrats and the media who do not know what 's going on in my world .
I know what 's going on in theirs .
I study 'em .
I watch 'em every day . "
Here 's one member of the media who has studied and listened to Limbaugh for years - in fact I wrote an entire book about him and his fellow hate talkers , detailing the evil things they say for profit .
Consider , for example , this instant replay of Limbaugh 's most vicious racist hits over the years , as compiled recently by Nation sports editor Dave Zirin :
“ How can the NFL in good conscience embrace an owner who once said , ‘ The NFL all too often looks like a game between the Bloods and the Crips without any weapons .
There , I said it . ’
That ’s not all .
Regarding the NAACP , Limbaugh said : ‘ The NAACP should have riot rehearsal .
They should get a liquor store and practice robberies . ’
Regarding slavery : ‘ We did n’t have slavery in this country for over 100 years because it was a bad thing .
Quite the opposite : slavery built the South .
I ’m not saying we should bring it back ; I ’m just saying it had its merits .
For one thing , the streets were safer after dark . ’
Recently , on life in ‘ Obama ’s America ’ :
‘ The white kids now get beat up with the black kids cheering , “ Yay , right on , right on , right on , right on . ’
And finally , in a league made up of predominately African - American athletes , how can you have an owner who says , ‘[ Black people ] are 12 percent of the population .
Who the hell cares ? ’”
Despite Limbaugh 's belief that — as he whined to NBC's Gangel — " There 's a cliche about conservatives : racist , sexist , bigot , homophobic .
Now , you announce you 're a conservative , you 're automatically all those things to the critics , " it 's clear that you can still be a conservative — and even an NFL owner — without being labeled " racist , sexist , bigot , homophobic . "
It 's simple , really ; just do n't act like one .
And as Zirin also pointed out , " This has nothing to do with Limbaugh ’s conservative politics .
Most NFL owners are to the right of Dick Cheney .
Over twenty years , officials on twenty - three of the thirty - two NFL clubs have donated more money to Republicans than Democrats . "
It was never about right and left — and maybe was about right and wrong .
Congratulations are due to the Commissioner Roger Goodell and the NFL for doing the right thing — even if it may have been for the wrong reasons .
The only remaining mystery is what David Checketts — the former Madison Square Garden executive who is leading the group hoping to purchase the Rams — was smoking when he asked Limbaugh to join him in the first place .
_______
About author Filmmaker and journalist Rory O'Connor writes the Filmmaker and journalist Rory O'Connor writes the Media Is A Plural blog .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Britain 's oldest original computer , the Harwell , is being put back together at the National Museum of Computing in Bletchley , Buckinghamshire .
Known as the Witch , it will be restored over the coming months .
It was designed in 1949 , first ran in 1951 and performed mathematical calculations at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment in Harwell , Oxfordshire .
Kevin Murrell , director of the National Museum of Computing is overseeing the reboot .
Shame : The US War Against Unarmed Working Mothers
byDozens of petite young mothers gathered this week in the parking lot outside the US Department of Homeland Security in Gulfport , Mississippi .
Each wore a long dress or pants to hide her electronic ankle bracelet .
Lift up a pants leg and you can see the black plastic band and monitor , which is the size of a pack of cigarettes .
Most wore sandals .
Several were obviously pregnant .
From the outside , the building looked like any office park .
But a blue Homeland Security flag waved right next to the red white and blue out in front .
Inside , the mothers were being interviewed and readied for deportation .
The crime these mothers are charged with ?
Not guns , not drugs , not spying .
Working to put food on the table for their families and not being citizens of the US .
H
The U.S. Catholic Bishops , no leftist group , condemned the raids in September , saying , " The humanitarian costs of these raids are immeasurable and unacceptable in a civilized society . "
eavily armed federal agents stormed the Laurel , Mississippi , parts plant where they worked in late August .
Helicopters swarmed in an operation ABC News described as " paramilitary . "
Agents shackled hundreds of workers at the wrist , waist and ankles .
About one hundred women and nearly three hundred men were arrested .
Most of the men are in prison .
The women are wearing ankle bracelets 24 / 7 .
One of the women has been working in the US for eleven years .
She has children 8 and 7 years old .
Another has been here two years and has a one - year - old child .
One started work at the raided plant three weeks before the arresting immigration agents showed up .
In the Homeland Security office , no guns were visible .
Agents were polite as interviews were conducted at several desks in an open office area .
Yet , tears dripped down the face of one mother as federal agents questioned her .
These hundred mothers are a tiny fraction of the casualties of the US war on unarmed mothers and fathers .
In 2007 , Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agents arrested 30,408 immigrants , about double the number for 2006 .
This 2008 election season finds federal criminal agents more active than ever .
A few recent operations will illustrate .
In April 2008 , federal agents arrested about 400 immigrants working at chicken plants in Arkansas , Florida , Tennessee , Texas and West Virginia .
In May , US officials rushed eleven restaurants in San Francisco , arresting 63 immigrant workers .
Later in May , 389 immigrants were arrested in Postville , Iowa , for working at a meatpacking plant in what was then the largest workplace raid in US history .
Federal agents packing heavy - duty weapons surrounded the plant , while others in helicopters swarmed overhead .
In July , 43 agricultural workers were arrested in Hawaii .
In August , federal officials arrested 59 people working at a parachute plant in North Carolina .
Also in August , ICE agents arrested 42 undocumented people working at the Dulles airport .
Later in August , over 350 workers were arrested in a workplace raid in Laurel , Mississippi .
Thus far in September , there has been an increasing number of raids .
In early September , federal agents raided a bakery in Palm Springs , arresting 53 workers .
Another September raid netted 65 arrests at a candle plant in Arizona .
In Chicago , federal agents swooped in by helicopter and arrested 21 people .
In the last week , federal agents raided a house in Hercules , California , arresting 21 undocumented workers , and raided a hotel in Maui , arresting another 21 .
What the hell is going on ?
How many working mothers and fathers and children must be sacrificed in this election - year war ?
Does the US feel so vulnerable that we really need to declare war on unarmed working mothers and conduct paramilitary raids on bakeries , candle shops and meatpacking plants in order to feel safe ?
The militarized war on unarmed immigrant mothers , fathers and children is expected to continue until at least after the November elections .
By then , thousands more will be arrested and deported .
After the election , the new Congress and the new administration will certainly turn their attention to substantive immigration reform .
The high - profile war on unarmed working mothers will likely slow down a little .
Mothers , fathers and children will go back to work .
The butcher , the baker and the candlestick maker will be back in business and the shame will continue .
In this day and age , with global warming a major concern and gas emissions at an all - time high , more and more people are leaving their cars at home and getting on their bikes .
Whether it is to cycle into work or just for pleasure , cycling is great for the environment and has many health benefits .
There is one drawback though , one that has cause many cyclists to ' lose the plot ' .
A flat tire .
With a car , at least there is the benefit of having a spare tyre handily enclosed within the boot but when on a bicycle there is no where to put it .
Some may say that it is easy enough to cart one about with you , over your shoulders , but do you really want to be doing that every time you take the bicycle out just on the off - chance you get a puncture ?
Probably not , help is at hand though .
An essential piece of kit that a cyclist should always take with them is a puncture repair kit .
They are small enough to be carried easily and useful enough to allow you to carry on cycling after a puncture .
Do n't forget to also have a bicycle pump with you ( usually come as standard with modern bicycles , handily clipped onto the inside of the frame ) , without this you wo n't be able to blow the tyre up again .
A normal puncture repair kit should include the following :
Different sized patches .
Vulcanizing glue .
2 or 3 tyre levers .
Chalk .
Pencil ( or crayon )
Sandpaper .
( Above : A typical bicycle puncture repair kit . )
So , there you are , cycling along to where ever you want to go and your tyre gets a puncture .
You take your puncture repair kit out of your bag ( or pocket ) , now you need to know how it all works , to get you back on the road .
The best thing to do at this point ; is to turn your bicycle upside - down so the handle - bars and saddle are resting on the ground and your bicycle wo n't fall over .
Most modern bikes have quick release bolts on the wheels so there is no need to have some kind of ' key ' to remove the wheel .
After removing the wheel bolt , make sure to also remove the break calipers as well .
Once this is done , the wheel will come away from the bicycle easily .
Now you can start to repair the puncture .
To release any left over air from the punctured tyre , undo the valve nut .
To remove the tyre from the rim , use the tyre levers - but be careful as to not damage the valve .
Once the tyre has been removed , carefully check it for any small twigs , or nails , or thorns or any other foreign object # that may have caused the puncture .
If found , remove !
Take the inner tube and have a look to see where the puncture is .
Sometimes it may be hard to spot it but there are ways round that .
Pumping some air back into the tube and listening for where it escapes is one .
The second is to submerge the tyre into water and see where bubbles are coming from .
Once you have found the puncture , circle it with the pencil .
Using the sandpaper , lightly rub it over the area where the puncture is .
This will help to make a grip for the glue .
Spread a little bit of the glue around the puncture area ( and over it ) .
It is best to leave it for a minute or so , so the glue can become slightly ' tacky ' .
During the minute while you are waiting for the glue to become ' tacky ' , find a patch that is the right size to cover the puncture .
Place the patch over the hole and press firmly for 30 seconds ( or more ) .
Try to ensure the patch covers the whole puncture comfortably and smooth it out so as to make sure there is no air trapped underneath .
Use the chalk to rub over the whole area of the new patch , as this will stop it sticking to the tyre if there is any glue seepage .
Replace the tyre back onto the wheel rim ( pumping a little air into first may help ) making sure to place the valve in to the right place .
Carefully run your hands all the way round , making sure the tube goes into the rim correctly and there are no creases or twists .
Once the tube is in place , it is time to get the tyre back on .
Although you should be able to do this quite easily with just your fingers , if you find yourself struggling to get the tyre back over the rim , the tyre levers are there at your disposal .
Once the tyre is back on and you are satisfied , pump air into the valve until the tyre feels firm .
Refit the wheel back onto the bicycle by reversing the process to remove it ( do n't forget to re-add the brakes ) .
There you have it , if you have followed all of those instructions your puncture will be fully repaired and your bicycle will be good to go .
You will now be able to continue on your journey safe in the knowledge that if you get a puncture again you are fully equipped to fix it again .
Eccoci puntuali a sponsorizzare i mercatini di Natale , gioia visiva per tutti coloro che amano le atmosfere , le luci , i colori legati al Natale .
I mercatini natalizi – la maggior parte concentrati in Alto Adige– sono una tradizione che si è andata a consolidare turisticamente negli ultimi anni grazie non solo alla qualità artigianale dei prodotti offerti sulle bancarelle ( addobbi di legno , giocattoli , presepi , oggetti per la casa , lana cotta , candele ) ma anche agli eventi culturali che li accompagnano : concerti , bande , canti natalizi , manifestazioni gastronomiche e giochi per i più piccini .
E a proposito di prelibatezze vorrei farvi soffermare su alcune delle specialità di montagne che potreste rischiare di assaggiare :
Da dove cominciare se non con un dettagliato calendario dei più belli ?
Mercatino di Merano
27-11-2009 al 06-01-2010 ( Inaugurazione il 26 nobembre alle ore 17 )
Il Mercatino di Natale con i suoi 80 espositori offre bellissimi addobbi in ceramica e in vetro , tessuti tradizionali , statue in legno e pantofole in feltro , giocattoli e pasticceria tipica .
Il tutto accompagnato da un buon bicchiere di vin brulè … più di così !
Ecco tutte le info utili e gli orari .
Mercatino di Vipiteno
Dal 28-11-08 al 06-01-09
Famosissimo per i suoi profumi e i suoi caratteristici dolci :
Zelten con canditi , strudel di mele , biscotti fatti in casa come i “ Lebkuchen ” ( torta della vita ) .
Ecco il programma dettagliato con canti e concerti .
Mercatino di Bressanone
26-11-2009 al 6-01-2010
Oltre alle classiche bancherelle con bellissimi prodotti artigianali il mercatino di Bressanone propone iniziative bellissime per i più piccoli : i pony , la giostra a vapore e un’apparizione live di San Nicola il 5 dicembre !
Ecco il programma degli eventi collaterali .
Mercatino di Brunico
26-11-2009 al 6-01-2010
E’ la musica la vera protagonista di questo mercatino :
strumenti a fiato , tromboni e corni delle Alpi animeranno le vie del centro per tutti i giorni prima di natale .
This is a continuation of the tech talks , discussing technical topics , that I write on Sundays .
For the past few weeks I have been writing about some of the techniques used in producing the gas from shales , and that will likely continue for another week or two .
Because of the need to condense the topic into a relatively short post I would ask those familiar with the topics to understand that I have had to shorten the description and gloss over some details in order to keep the main theme clear .
But further comments to help readers understand the techniques better ( or questions when it is n't ) are appreciated .
There is a simple test that I use in one of my introductory classes , where I give the students a rectangle of paper and ask them to pull it apart , then I give them a rectangle with a cut half way through it perpendicular to the length , and half - way down , and ask them to pull that apart .
It tears apart much more easily , and it is how I start a lecture on the role of cracks in causing materials to fail .
You apply that principle about every time you pull open a package with a serrated top .
The deeper cuts focus the force you are pulling with over a small area , making it easier to part the package and extract the candy , nuts or whatever without having to pull so hard that , when the package tears , you throw the contents around the neighborhood .
Today I want to talk a little more about perforating the wall of a well , and a bit more about hydrofracing .
They are not necessarily used together , but both are ways of getting cracks out from the immediate wall of the wellbore so that the valuable fluid on the other side can have an easier path into the well .
To begin with the topic of perforating a well , I have written about this earlier , but more from the point of the tools used to do the job .
What I ’d like to do here is to talk a little more about it from the rock point of view .
As I mentioned last time the rock right around the well can be subject to a high enough pressure that it will partially fail , or crush , and this can lower the amount of fluid that can get through , or alternately it might have been damaged in some other way .
By bringing in a tool with a set of shaped charges in it , and then firing these at the appropriate place this problem can be overcome .
Arrangement of shaped charges ( the yellow cylinders ) – when the explosive goes off the cones collapse and small liquid metal jets shoot out of the open end , through the casing , concrete and into the rock , creating a channel .
( Core Labs )
The charges are n’t all necessarily fired at one time or place , even though , for the illustration below , they appear to be .
Representation of shaped charges firing and penetrating the casing , cement and wall ( OSHA )
The jet of metal that shoots out of the cone will travel into the rock roughly 10 cone diameters , as a rough rule of thumb , and this carries a channel , or tunnel , out through the damaged rock into the surrounding reservoir .
The collapse and creation of the channel happens very fast :
Penetration of a perforating charge into Plexiglas after 3 , 12 , 21 and 30 microseconds .
Marks are in cone diameters .
( after Konya * )
The channel is initially hollow , and drives a set of small and large cracks out into the rock around the line of the charge .
Jet penetration through Plexiglas ( note the lateral cracks away from the line of penetration .
The dark section is due to a change in background .
( after Konya * )
However , while it is easier to show the damage that the jet does by showing how it penetrates Plexiglas , this is not rock , but it does show some of the events that occur .
When , for example , ( vide the discussion on jointed shale last week ) the jet shoots into rock where there are clear joint planes defined , then these act to stop the crack growth ( perhaps in the way that those who used to remember stopping cracks growing in old cars by drilling a hole at the end of the crack .
It distributes the stress that was causing the crack to grow when focused on the tip , over a larger area so that it drops below the critical level ) .
Or the stress is high enough to cause cracks to form and be reflected back at the jet .
Jet damage confined between two adjacent planes when the charge is fired into plates that run parallel to the direction of the jet .
( after Konya * )
If the charge is not carefully designed and used , therefore , it might not be as effective as initially hoped , and this becomes even more true if the pieces of metal that are formed when the cone collapses are carried into the channel and partially block it .
There are different strategies , depending on the well and the surrounding rock and it is one of those things in life where , if you got it right the results are almost immediately obvious – as is the converse .
Creating cracks that go out into the surrounding rock has become a vital part of the economic production of gas from the shales around the country , as we have discussed , and having a starting crack in the right direction , whether it is a natural joint in the rock , or a crack that has been deliberately created helps control where the crack starts and how it grows .
Crack growing out from a drilled hole in Plexiglas , the small notch at the top of the hole controlled the direction of the growth of the crack ( We put ink in the hole to show how the fluid goes into the crack ) .
In the above picture you can see that when the hole was pressurized , a crack grew , and ink flowed into the crack , as it formed , but , when the pressure came off , the crack closed and most of the ink was forced back out of the crack .
( We created the pressure by firing an air rifle pellet into the hole ) .
So if we are going to have a useful crack we need to have it open after we take the pressure back off – after all we need to get the fluid back out of the well , so that the gas can pass up the well for collection .
Now it is not quite as easy to grow the crack , or prop it open as I may have suggested earlier , and to explain some of the issues in a little more detail I am going to use an example and some details from the Modern Shale Gas Primer .
When you decide to frac the well , and each well is different , as is just about every location , so there is a significant amount of preparation and knowledge required to work out the procedure required at that particular point .
Bear in mind that the crack that you are going to have to grow needs to stay in the shale layer , and not go out beyond it into the surrounding rock .
One of the reasons for this is , apart from giving the gas a path to the well , if it goes outside the reservoir rock then the gas can escape , or , alternately , other fluids can gain access to the well .
This is particularly true of the Barnett where the rock immediately below it , the Ellenberger limestones , can hold a lot of water that can muck up the gas recovery if it gets into the fractures .
( Given this degree of control and the large distance below the ground to the reservoir rock , this is why a lot of the fears that the frac job will damage the ground water tend to be dramatically overstated ) .
In the example cited , which is from the Marcellus shale , the treatment of the frac takes a total of 18 steps , and because some of these are fairly similar I am going to go through them in groups .
First the hole is treated with an acid , to clean away any remaining debris and mud from the drilling operation and to clean any fractures around the hole , so that they can be used to help the frac grow .
After the acid the hole is filled with an initial polymeric fluid , largely water , but containing the “ Banana Water ” that I referred to in an earlier post .
This is a friction reducing agent and will help carry the particles used to hold the crack open into the crack in the first place .
The problem with that polymer is that some of the choices available , while good at reducing the friction to help move the particles , are n’t that good at holding the particles in suspension , and the last thing we need is for them to settle out in the bottom of the well , and so in the subsequent steps in the process as the particles ( or proppants ) are added , there is usually a second polymer in the mix to hold them in suspension .
Once the hole is full of the slickwater ( the official term for the first polymer solution ) the initial frac is made with a fine sand suspended in the fluid .
To keep the crack open all along its length we need sand along the path and the crack gets narrower as it grows deeper .
So for the first several stages of the crack growth the fluid is filled with successively greater concentrations of the fine sand , so that , in this way , it can penetrate to the deepest part of the fracture .
In the example cited there are some seven of these sub-stages with the fluid being pumped into the well at some 3,000 gpm but varying the fluid : proppant density to carry more and more of the particles into the fracture .
Once these stages have been completed , then the job is finished by pumping an additional eight sub-stages of fluid , with this second set containing a larger size of proppant particles .
In this way the area closest to the mouth of the fracture will be held wider apart to make it easier for the gas to escape .
As with the first set of sub-stages , the concentration of proppant in the fluid increases as the stages progress .
In total , in the example given , some 450,000 lb of proppant was used to make the fracture , together with some 578,000 gallons of water .
Once the fracture is created , then the well is flushed to clean out the different fluids , and make it easier for the gas to get out out of the rock and into the well .
( It also removes any loose and ineffective proppant so that it does n’t later become a nuisance ) .
If you think that this would need a lot of equipment you are right !
Equipment used for hydraulic fracturing a well ( Primer )
Since there is some discussion of the effects of the different constituents of the fracing fluid on local waters I thought I would end with the listing of common chemicals used in that liquid , which is provided in the Primer .
As usual this has had to be a very brief review of the technology and may have oversimplified to the point of not being clear , so all technical comments and questions are appreciated .
* The initial photos in this post were taken as part of the dissertation of Dr Konya , " The use of Shaped Explosive Charges to Investigate Permeability , Penetration and Fracture Formation in Coal , Dolomite and Plexiglas " Missouri S&T , 1972 .
There are seven storylines Barack Obama needs to worry about .
7 stories Obama does n't want told
Presidential politics is about storytelling .
Presented with a vivid storyline , voters naturally tend to fit every new event or piece of information into a picture that is already neatly framed in their minds .
No one understands this better than Barack Obama and his team , who won the 2008 election in part because they were better storytellers than the opposition .
The pro-Obama narrative featured an almost mystically talented young idealist who stood for change in a disciplined and thoughtful way .
This easily outpowered the anti-Obama narrative , featuring an opportunistic Chicago pol with dubious relationships who was more liberal than he was letting on .
Advertisement
A year into his presidency , however , Obama ’s gift for controlling his image shows signs of faltering .
As Washington returns to work from the Thanksgiving holiday , there are several anti-Obama storylines gaining momentum .
The Obama White House argues that all of these storylines are inaccurate or unfair .
In some cases these anti-Obama narratives are fanned by Republicans , in some cases by reporters and commentators .
But they all are serious threats to Obama , if they gain enough currency to become the dominant frame through which people interpret the president ’s actions and motives .
Here are seven storylines Obama needs to worry about :
He thinks he ’s playing with Monopoly money
Economists and business leaders from across the ideological spectrum were urging the new president on last winter when he signed onto more than a trillion in stimulus spending and bank and auto bailouts during his first weeks in office .
Many , though far from all , of these same people now agree that these actions helped avert an even worse financial catastrophe .
Along the way , however , it is clear Obama underestimated the political consequences that flow from the perception that he is a profligate spender .
He also misjudged the anger in middle America about bailouts with weak and sporadic public explanations of why he believed they were necessary .
The flight of independents away from Democrats last summer — the trend that recently hammered Democrats in off - year elections in Virginia — coincided with what polls show was alarm among these voters about undisciplined big government and runaway spending .
The likely passage of a health care reform package criticized as weak on cost - control will compound the problem .
Obama understands the political peril , and his team is signaling that he will use the 2010 State of the Union address to emphasize fiscal discipline .
The political challenge , however , is an even bigger substantive challenge — since the most convincing way to project fiscal discipline would be actually to impose spending reductions that would cramp his own agenda and that of congressional Democrats .
Too much Leonard Nimoy
People used to make fun of Bill Clinton ’s misty - eyed , raspy - voiced claims that , “ I feel your pain . ”
The reality , however , is that Clinton ’s dozen years as governor before becoming president really did leave him with a vivid sense of the concrete human dimensions of policy .
He did not view programs as abstractions — he viewed them in terms of actual people he knew by name .
Obama , a legislator and law professor , is fluent in describing the nuances of problems .
But his intellectuality has contributed to a growing critique that decisions are detached from rock - bottom principles .
Both Maureen Dowd in The New York Times and Joel Achenbach of The Washington Post have likened him to Star Trek ’s Mr. Spock .
The Spock imagery has been especially strong during the extended review Obama has undertaken of Afghanistan policy .
He ’ll announce the results on Tuesday .
The speech ’s success will be judged not only on the logic of the presentation but on whether Obama communicates in a more visceral way what progress looks like and why it is worth achieving .
No soldier wants to take a bullet in the name of nuance .
That ’s the Chicago Way
This is a storyline that ’s likely taken root more firmly in Washington than around the country .
The rap is that his West Wing is dominated by brass - knuckled pols .
It does not help that many West Wing aides seem to relish an image of themselves as shrewd , brass - knuckled political types .
In a Washington Post story this month , White House deputy chief of staff Jim Messina , referring to most of Obama ’s team , said , “ We are all campaign hacks . ”
The problem is that many voters took Obama seriously in 2008 when he talked about wanting to create a more reasoned , non-partisan style of governance in Washington .
When Republicans showed scant interest in cooperating with Obama at the start , the Obama West Wing gladly reverted to campaign hack mode .
The examples of Chicago - style politics include their delight in public battles with Rush Limbaugh and Fox News and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
( There was also a semi-public campaign of leaks aimed at Greg Craig , the White House counsel who fell out of favor . )
In private , the Obama team cut an early deal — to the distaste of many congressional Democrats — that gave favorable terms to the pharmaceutical lobby in exchange for their backing his health care plans .
The lesson that many Washington insiders have drawn is that Obama wants to buy off the people he can and bowl over those he can’t .
If that perception spreads beyond Washington this will scuff Obama ’s brand as a new style of political leader .
He ’s a pushover
If you are going to be known as a fighter , you might as well reap the benefits .
But some of the same insider circles that are starting to view Obama as a bully are also starting to whisper that he ’s a patsy .
It seems a bit contradictory , to be sure .
But it ’s a perception that began when Obama several times laid down lines — then let people cross them with seeming impunity .
Last summer he told Democrats they better not go home for recess until a critical health care vote but they blew him off .
He told the Israeli government he wanted a freeze in settlements but no one took him seriously .
Even Fox News — which his aides prominently said should not be treated like a real news organization — then got interview time for its
White House correspondent .
In truth , most of these episodes do not amount to much .
But this unflattering storyline would take a more serious turn if Obama is seen as unable to deliver on his stern warnings in the escalating conflict with Iran over its nuclear program .
He sees America as another pleasant country on the U.N. roll call , somewhere between Albania and Zimbabwe
That line belonged to George H.W. Bush , excoriating Democrat Michael Dukakis in 1988 .
But it highlights a continuing reality :
In presidential politics the safe ground has always been to be an American exceptionalist .
Politicians of both parties have embraced the idea that this country — because of its power and / or the hand of Providence — should be a singular force in the world .
It would be hugely unwelcome for Obama if the perception took root that he is comfortable with a relative decline in U.S. influence or position in the world .
On this score , the reviews of Obama ’s recent Asia trip were harsh .
His peculiar bow to the emperor of Japan was symbolic .
But his lots - of - velvet , not - much - iron approach to China had substantive implications .
On the left , the budding storyline is that Obama has retreated from human rights in the name of cynical realism .
On the right , it is that he is more interested in being President of the World than President of the United States , a critique that will be heard more in December as he stops in Oslo to pick up his Nobel Prize and then in Copenhagen for an international summit on curbing greenhouse gases .
President Pelosi
No figure in Barack Obama ’s Washington , including Obama , has had more success in advancing his will than the speaker of the House , despite public approval ratings that hover in the range of Dick Cheney ’s .
With a mix of tough party discipline and shrewd vote - counting , she passed a version of the stimulus bill largely written by congressional Democrats , passed climate legislation , and passed her chamber ’s version of health care reform .
She and anti-war liberals in her caucus are clearly affecting the White House ’s Afghanistan calculations .
The great hazard for Obama is if Republicans or journalists conclude — as some already have — that Pelosi ’s achievements are more impressive than Obama ’s or come at his expense .
This conclusion seems premature , especially with the final chapter of the health care drama yet to be written .
But it is clear that Obama has allowed the speaker to become more nearly an equal — and far from a subordinate — than many of his predecessors of both parties would have thought wise .
He ’s in love with the man in the mirror
No one becomes president without a fair share of what the French call amour propre .
Does Obama have more than his share of self - regard ?
It ’s a common theme of Washington buzz that Obama is over - exposed .
He gives interviews on his sports obsessions to ESPN , cracks wise with Leno and Letterman , discusses his fitness with Men ’s Health , discusses his marriage in a joint interview with first lady Michelle Obama for The New York Times .
A photo the other day caught him leaving the White House clutching a copy of GQ featuring himself .
White House aides say making Obama widely available is the right strategy for communicating with Americans in an era of highly fragmented media .
But , as the novelty of a new president wears off , the Obama cult of personality risks coming off as mere vanity unless it is harnessed to tangible achievements .
That is why the next couple of months — with health care and Afghanistan jostling at center stage — will likely carry a long echo .
Obama ’s best hope of nipping bad storylines is to replace them with good ones rooted in public perceptions of his effectiveness .
I just played with the Google Nexus One for a few minutes , Here ’s my report :
– It ’s extremely thin
– It ’s much nicer looking in person than in pictures
– There ’s a 4 GB micro-SD card installed
– The battery capacity is 1400 mAh
– The screen appears to be OLED ( same size / resolution as the Motorola Droid )
– 3G works on T - Mobile USA :)
– I can confirm that there ’s no 3G on AT&T ( EGDE only )
– It ’s definitely unlocked
– It ’s super snappy !
Faster than the Droid …
– There ’s no multitouch support in the browser or in Google Maps
– There ’s no dedicated camera key , but it ’s the same camera interface as the Droid
– The trackball can be used to focus ( like on other HTC devices )
– Low - light performance is decent , but the flash is weak
– Calls are routed the normal way , not using data ( VoIP ) , and sound fine
– The home screen is divided into 5 panes ( like the custom interface on the HTC Hero Motorola CLIQ )
– It ’s using a micro-USB connector for data / power
– There are some gold contacts at the bottom edge , for a dock perhaps ?
– Did I mention it ’s fast ?
Sorry , I was not allowed to take pictures ( the one above is from the intertubes ) .
That ’s it for now :)
Update : I now have my own Nexus One .
Where can I play Doppelscope
Doppelscope is currently under heavy development for the Independant Game Festival 2010 .
Altough I 'm not happy with a lot of things and the game is nowhere near complete , the most recetn version of Doppelscope can be downloaded here :
If you want to leave feedback you can do so by emailing me or by following my twitter feed which is mostly about the development of doppelscope .
Some deep words from David P. Goldman :
As I said on Larry Kudlow ’s CNBC show Wednesday night , the big issue in the US economy is the massacre of small business .
That ’s why the household survey shows that 558,000 Americans “ became unemployed ” during October , while the establishment survey of payrolls shows a decline of only 190,000 jobs .
The establishment data , which are collected from larger businesses , are more reliable ; the household survey is based on telephone interviews with randomly - selected households .
But the numbers are so large as to make clear that small businesses are shutting down .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Oxfordshire 's oldest resident has received a new - style birthday card from the Queen - after complaining that she always got the same one .
Catherine Masters , 110 , from Stanford - in - the - vale , wrote to the Queen to say she was wearing the same outfit in five of the cards she had received .
She received a surprise visit by Prince William in May 2009 to apologise .
This year 's card showed the monarch wearing blue , rather than the yellow outfit Ms Masters objected to .
On opening the card , she said : " Oh look , it 's blue .
" That 's lovely , that 'll do . "
The House passed its $ 1 trillion healthcare overhaul late Saturday with only two votes to spare , becoming the first chamber to vote on such a significant expansion of healthcare since Congress passed Medicare in 1965 .
The 220 -215 vote late Saturday was a victory for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE , who came to Capitol Hill to rally his fellow Democrats in the hours before the vote .
ADVERTISEMENT
One Republican , Joseph Cao ( R - La. ) , voted for the bill , and 39 Democrats bucked their party 's leaders to vote no .
But final passage was assured by a late - night agreement Friday to give abortion opponents a vote on an amendment preventing any of the subsidies in the bill from paying for abortion .
The amendment passed , giving a margin of comfort to anti-abortion Democrats , but angering abortion - rights supporters .
The bill includes a requirement for individuals to have health insurance and for larger businesses to provide it to their employees .
It also includes a public health insurance option that is not tied to Medicare .
But most of the $ 1.052 trillion cost of the bill comes in the form of subsidies to help low - and middle - income people purchase insurance .
The White House had representatives stationed outside of the Democratic cloakroom late Saturday , checking periodic printouts of vote counts .
Nancy - Ann DeParle , the director of the White House ’s healthcare reform office , and Dan Turton , the White House ’s deputy director of Legislative Affairs for the House , huddled with several other administration staffers as they counted the very last votes needed for passage on the cloakroom television through the open door .
“ 215 , 216 , 217 … ” they whispered .
And then with the magical 218th vote , they erupted in hugs and cheers .
After the bill ’s final passage , Turton turned to DeParle , who closely shepherded the measure through the House and will continue to play a vital role in its movement through the Senate , and he imparted some congratulatory words of advice .
“ So what you ’re going to want to do is go up here , take a right and down that hallway will take you to the Senate , ” he said with a laugh .
Dozens of House Democrats and White House staffers also gathered in the House Ways and Means Committee room after the measure ’s passage and celebrated with hugs , cheers , and toasts of red and white wine .
Supporters called the passage a historic moment on par with the New Deal and the creation of Medicare .
They said the bill will finally guarantee health coverage to nearly every American .
" This legislation will mean affordability for the middle - class , security for our seniors , and honors our responsibility to our children , adding not one dime to the deficit , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) .
Republicans derided the bill as a massive government takeover of an industry that account for one - sixth of the U.S. economy .
They also sought to exploit recent fights among Democrats about abortion and immigration .
They warned that the Democratic bill would pave the way toward taxpayer - funded abortions and coverage for illegal immigrants .
" Generations unborn are crying out to us tonight to preserve their freedoms , " said Rep. Michele Bachmann Michele Marie BachmannEvangelicals should n't be defending Trump in tiff over editorial Mellman :
The ' lane theory ' is the wrong lane to be in White House backs Stephen Miller amid white nationalist allegations MORE ( R - Minn . ) , who had drawn thousands of conservative " tea party " activists into the halls of Capitol office buildings on Thursday to protest the bill .
Republican Reps. Joe Wilson Addison ( Joe ) Graves WilsonDemocrats raise alarm about new US human rights priorities Democrat Teresa Leger Fernandez defeats Valerie Plame in New Mexico primary Trump campaign launches new fundraising program with House Republicans MORE ( S.C. ) and John Boozman John Nichols BoozmanCOVID - 19 relief talks look dead until September Senate GOP hedges on attending Trump 's convention amid coronavirus uptick The Hill 's Coronavirus Report : San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus Artistic Director Tim Seelig says choirs are dangerous ;
Pence says , ' We have saved lives ' MORE ( Ariz . ) walked off the House floor following the vote with arms thrown over each other ’s shoulders .
“ You did good , Joe , ” said Boozman to Wilson , who had co-hosted a second “ House Call ” rally of conservative demonstrators on the Capitol ’s East front lawn earlier in the day .
Despite the significant and historic step that Democrats were able to take on Saturday , it could be months before a bill goes to the president 's desk .
And the bill that House and Senate negotiators ultimately produce could be vastly different than the one agreed to by a bare majority of the House .
The Senate is moving more slowly on its draft of the healthcare bill , and it could be next year before it votes on a bill , injecting election - year politics more deeply into the debate .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most ' Supreme Court fight pushes Senate toward brink MORE ( D - Nev. ) is in the process of drafting a bill that combines the work of two Senate committees .
The vote came hours after a noon pep rally where President Barack Obama urged his fellow Democrats to get the healthcare bill past the goal line .
He acknowledged fears that some of them were taking votes that could anger their constituents and cost them their seats next year .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It can get tough , working on this issue , making these tough decisions , " Obama said .
" But remember why you got into politics in the first place .
And when you do , remember that we ca n’t afford to let this moment pass .
” Democratic leaders had hoped to hold the House vote before the August recess , but a rebellion by centrist Democrats , particularly Blue Dogs , forced them to delay .
The bill 's chances dimmed the next month , when conservative activists stormed lawmakers ' town hall meetings decrying it as a " government takeover .
"
The tide turned in favor of the bill in the weeks following August , as polls showed increasing support for the public option .
But it suffered a setback Tuesday night when many centrist Democrats were spooked by Democratic losses in two off - year gubernatorial elections .
Most of the debate in recent weeks had been an intra-party feud between liberals and centrists about what form the public option could take .
Liberals lost when they could n't produce 218 votes .
But the final hours were consumed with a debate over how to maintain the status quo on abortion .
Federal law has prevented taxpayer dollars from funding abortions for decades .
But the Democrats ' proposed expansion of the federal role in healthcare would make it trickier to block such funding while maintaining access to abortion services .
Abortion opponents prevailed , passing a measure blocking any of the subsidies in the plan from going to abortion .
Abortion - rights supporters call it a " de facto " abortion ban and mounted an intense lobbying campaign against it , but 64 Democrats joined nearly all Republicans in voting for it .
The only Republican not to vote for it -- voting " present " in an attempt to derail the main bill -- was Rep. John Shadegg ( R - Ariz . ) .
The abortion vote showed a sharp divide in the caucus , but it was followed quickly by a show of unity when the bill passed .
When the tally of " yes " votes reached the magic number of 218 with more than four minutes left in the vote , a cheer went up .
A few minutes later the Democrats counted the last few seconds of the vote and gave another cheer .
The only true suspense was how Cao would vote .
The Louisiana Republican was elected in a heavily Democratic district and is considered the most endangered Republican in the House .
Shortly into the vote , House Minority Whip( R - Va. ) walked over to where Cao was sitting , squeezed past Cao and Rep . ( R- Alaska ) and sat next to him .
Cao waited until the vote reached 218 , then took out his voting card and voted " yes . "
Cao's yes vote put a thin sheen of bipartisanship on the bill , and kept Republicans from unanimously opposing their second high - profile bill this year .
No Republicans voted for Obama 's stimulus .
Democrats did n't emphasize the one Republican vote .
" We 're glad to take responsibility for this bill , " Pelosi said at a press conference after the bill passed , " and the credit . "
This story was updated at 1:00 a.m .
Inquiring minds are reading Plundering California by Steven Greenhut , director of the Pacific Research Institute ’s Journalism Center in Sacramento and a longtime columnist for the Orange County Register in Santa Ana .
The economy is struggling , the unemployment rate is high , and many Americans are struggling to pay the bills , but one class of Americans is doing quite well : government workers .
Their pay levels are soaring , they enjoy unmatched benefits , and they remain largely immune from layoffs , except for some overly publicized cutbacks around the margins .
To make matters worse , government employees — thanks largely to the power of their unions — have carved out special protections that exempt them from many of the rules that other working Americans must live by .
California has been on the cutting edge of this dangerous trend , which has essentially turned government employees into a special class of citizens .
When I recently appeared on Glenn Beck ’s TV show to discuss California ’s dreadful fiscal situation , I mentioned that in Orange County , where I had been a columnist for the Orange County Register , the average pay and benefits package for firefighters was $ 175,000 per year .
After the show , I heard from viewers who could n’t believe the figure , but it ’s true .
Firefighters , like all public - safety officials in California , also receive a gold - plated retirement plan : a defined - benefit annual pension that offers 90 percent or more of the worker ’s final year ’s pay , guaranteed for the rest of his life ( and the life of his spouse ) .
As I document in my new book , Plunder ! , government employees of all stripes have manipulated the system to spike their pensions .
Because California bases pensions for employees on their final year ’s salary , some workers move to other jurisdictions for just that final year to increase their pay and thus the pension .
Even government employees convicted of on - the - job crimes continue to collect benefits .
Even in these tough times , public employees continue to press city councils for retroactive pension increases , which amount to gifts of public funds for past services .
Officials fear the clout that these unions , especially police and fire unions , wield on Election Day .
The story does n’t end with the imbalance in pay and benefits .
Government workers also enjoy absurd protections .
The Los Angeles Times did a recent series about the city ’s public school district , which does n’t even try to fire incompetent teachers and is seldom able to get rid of those credibly accused of misconduct or abuse .
A state law referred to as the Peace Officers Bill of Rights , along with excessive privacy restrictions , likewise makes it nearly impossible to fire police officers who abuse their authority .
The media have finally started to take notice , largely because of some impossible - to - ignore financial excesses , particularly the tens of billions of dollars in “ unfunded liabilities ” — that is , future debt — run up by politicians more interested in pleasing union officials than in looking after the public ’s finances .
News reports have also focused on scandals at CalPERS , the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System , which has faced record losses after making risky leveraged investments in bizarre real - estate deals .
( The government pension system encourages such risky behavior : with defined - benefit systems , union members stand to gain if the investments go well , while taxpayers shoulder the burden if they do n’t . )
Meanwhile , the Los Angeles Times reported on a politically connected insider who received $ 53 million in finder ’s fees from CalPERS , raising questions of pay - to - play deals .
But the real scandal is a two - tier society where government workers enjoy benefits far in excess of those for whom they supposedly work .
It ’s past time to start cleaning up the mess by reforming retirement systems and limiting the public unions ’ power .
If we do n’t , California ’s financial problems will become insurmountable .
( CNN ) -- Electronics such as phones and laptops may start shedding their power cords within a year .
Wireless electricity may soon make tangled power cords a thing of the past .
That 's the prediction of Eric Giler , CEO of WiTricity , a company that 's able to power light bulbs using wireless electricity that travels several feet from a power socket .
WiTricity 's version of wireless electricity -- which converts power into a magnetic field and sends it sailing through the air at a particular frequency -- still needs to be refined a bit , he said , but should be commercially available soon .
Giler , whose company is a spinoff of a Massachusetts Institute of Technology research group , says wireless electricity has the potential to cut the need for power cords and throw - away batteries .
" Five years from now , this will seem completely normal , " he said .
" The biggest effect of wireless power is attacking that huge energy wasting that goes on where people buy disposable batteries , " he said .
Watch Giler demonstrate the idea
It also will make electric cars more attractive to consumers , he said , because they will be able to power up their vehicles simply by driving into a garage that 's fitted with a wireless power mat .
Electric cars are " absolutely gorgeous , " he added , " but does anyone really want to plug them in ? "
Do n't Miss
Sky - high travel phone bills nearly bust house payment
Sky - high travel phone bills nearly bust house payment New Sony Reader adds touchscreen
Ideas about wireless electricity have been floating around the world of technology for more than a century .
Nikola Tesla started toying with the ability to send electricity through the air in the 1890s .
Since then , though , making wireless electricity technology safe and cheap enough to put on the market has been an arduous task for researchers .
Engineers have developed several ways to convert electricity into something that 's safe to send through the air without a wire .
Some of their technologies are available on commercial scales , but they have some limits .
Low - level power
One set of researchers is able to send power over long distances but in very small amounts .
For example , in 2003 , a Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , company called Powercast used radio waves to light a low - power LED bulb that was 1.5 miles from its power source , said Harry Ostaffe , spokesman for the company .
Now , Powercast 's technology is used in office buildings to power temperature sensors that regulate air conditioning systems and in other low - power applications .
The company also has sold wireless artificial Christmas trees strung with LED lights for about $ 400 , Ostaffe said .
But radio waves can't transfer the larger amounts of electricity needed to power laptops or mobile phones , he said .
Power pads
Another type of wireless electricity technology can send large amounts of power over very small distances , often not more than a few centimeters .
Such technology is available today , but only in minimal ways .
Think , for instance , about electric toothbrushes that sit on charging cradles but do n't actually plug in .
One problem with the high - power , small - distance idea is that each device requires its own charging pad , and consumers hate that , said Menno Treffers , chairman of the steering group at the Wireless Power Consortium .
The group formed in late 2008 to promote standardization of the technology .
Treffers said consumers soon should be able to buy one power pad that would charge all of their electronic devices .
It might look like a placemat , and cell phones , remote controls and appliances would charge automatically when they 're placed on the pad .
" The key reason to do it is convenience , because if you want to get rid of all the different power supplies , there are other ways that are cheaper , " he said .
The pads , which would rely on electrical sockets as their initial sources of power , also would be more energy efficient than plugging all of the devices into power sockets directly , he said .
The pads would shut off automatically when a device has finished charging and are about 70 percent to 90 percent as efficient as transferring power through a wire , he said .
Wire - free chargers for a single item are relatively cheap : about $ 10 to build , he said .
But it 's unclear how much pads that could power a living room worth of equipment would cost , he said .
' Magnetically coupled resonance '
Ultimately , Giler 's group from MIT wants to combine the best of both worlds : large amounts of power sent over long distances .
Their technology is called " magnetically coupled resonance , " and it basically sends a magnetic field through the air at a specific frequency that an an enabled phone or TV can pick up and turn back into electricity .
It works kind of like sound .
Think about how an opera singer can break a wine glass if he sings at just the right frequency .
Adding the technology to cell phones , mp3 players and other devices should not increase their cost much , he said .
Despite Giler 's optimism , there are some doubts about magnetically coupled resonance .
Treffers said there may be health risks associated with the magnetic fields created in the MIT process .
Giler said the technology would produce magnetic fields that are " about the same density as the earth 's magnetic field . "
He said wireless electricity has many environmental benefits .
Companies make about 40 billion disposable batteries each year , he said , and wireless electricity could do away with that .
The biggest barrier to the technology 's adoption , he said , is that people just are n't familiar with the idea .
All About Energy Technology • Wireless Technology • Technology • Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Drive along this landscape for hours on end and the only sign of civilization you ’ll encounter is the odd teahouse : a partly charred stone hut with jute charpoys , where you can buy musty , Iranian - packaged biscuits and strongly brewed tea .
Baluch tribesmen screech into these road stops driving old autos and motorcycles , wearing Arab head scarves , speaking in harsh gutturals , and playing music whose rumbling rhythms , so unlike the introspective twanging ragas of the subcontinent , reverberate with the spirit of Arabia .
But do n’t be deceived by the distance that separates the Makran coast from teeming Karachi and Islamabad to the east .
Pakistan exists here , too .
The highway from Karachi to the Iranian border area is a good one , with only a few broken patches still to be paved .
The government operates checkpoints .
It is developing major air and naval bases to counter India ’s projection of power into the Indian Ocean .
And it has high hopes of using new ports on the Makran coast to unlock trade routes to the markets and energy supplies of Central Asia .
The Pakistani government might not control the desert and mountain fastnesses of Baluchistan , with their rebellious and smuggling tribes and dacoits , or bandits .
But it can be wherever it wants , whenever it wants : to extract minerals , to grab land , to build highways and bases .
Think of the Pakistani government ’s relationship to its southwestern province of Baluchistan as similar to that of Washington to the American West in the mid-19th century , when the native American Indians still moved freely , though decreasingly so , and the cavalry had strategic outposts .
Indeed , as the government builds roads and military bases , Baluch and minority Hindus are being forcibly displaced .
Both groups are thought to harbor sympathy for India , and they do : in Baluch and Hindu eyes , India acts as a counterweight to an oppressive Pakistani state .
The hope of these minorities is that a fissiparous Pakistan , with its history of dysfunctional civilian and military governments , will give way in the fullness of time to a sprawling Greater India , thus liberating Baluchistan to pursue its destiny as a truly autonomous region .
So : Will Pakistan , beset by internal contradictions that never befell 19th - century America , gradually disintegrate before it subjugates the Baluch ?
The answer to that question , which will also shape the future of Pakistan ’s neighbors , is bound up with the future of Gwadar , a port town of 70,000 close to the border with Iran , at the far end of the Makran coast .
If we can think of great place - names of the past — Carthage , Thebes , Troy , Samarkand , Angkor Wat — and of the present — Dubai , Singapore , Tehran , Beijing , Washington — then Gwadar should qualify as a great place - name of the future .
During the military rule of Ayub Khan in the 1960s , shortly after Oman ceded the territory to Pakistan in 1958 , Gwadar fired the imagination of Pakistani planners .
They saw it as an alternative air - and - naval hub to Karachi that , along with the port of Pasni to the east , would make Pakistan a great Indian Ocean power athwart the whole Near East .
But the Pakistani state was young , poor , and insecure , with weak infrastructure and institutions .
Gwadar remained a dream .
We ’re quick to point out political corruption around the world .
Afghanistan is corrupt .
Iran rigs elections .
Putin has his oligarchs .
It ’s all true , but rarely do we take a long hard look at the corruption endemic in our own politics .
My esteemed colleague , Dr. Denny , recently penned an important post detailing Congressional corruption .
Like so much of our nefarious behavior , it looks relatively civilized because we dress it up nicely .
But we all know that our representatives are as crooked as any in Kazakhstan .
We just call it “ campaign finance ” .
We all know it ’s a huge problem , one that ’s slowly grinding our Republic into dust .
We just ca n’t do much about it .
What chance is there that the crooked politicians are going to straighten the mess out against their own , personal interests ?
Well , i have an idea .
Call it the Nelson Muntz Initiative …
It ’s not exactly mine ; many people have proposed it half - jokingly .
Why just joke about it and let the grimy politicians have the last laugh when we have the power to make the joke on them ?
If the quest for decriminalizing marijuana has taught us anything , it ’s that the surest means to political victory is to take the process out of the hands of politicians .
State referendums on that issue have spat in the face of Washington D.C. thirteen times so far , and there are more on the way .
Assuming that i’ve got my Constitution understood correctly , if two thirds of states pass a law it becomes federal law whether Congress likes it or not .
I ’m shooting for “ or not ” .
I ’d like to see Americans get together and make sure that every state in the union has a referendum by 2012 that forces federal politicians to display their sponsorships .
It ’ll be just like NASCAR … except , apparently , clockwise .
The corporation or lobbyist or PAC that contributes the most to a politician is forced to put the biggest logo on the politician ’s uniform .
The smaller the contribution , the smaller the logo .
The politicians will be forced to wear the new uniforms whenever they ’re are acting in an official capacity .
So , they ’d wear the uniforms on the floor of the Senate , House and inside the West Wing .
They ’d wear the uniform when appearing on television , on the campaign trail , at fund raising events and even state visits .
I want to see all the Senators who rail against health care reform do so with insurance company logos all over their expensive suits .
I want to see the damned - near - monocled politicians who make the decisions about banking regulations do so with Goldman Sachs embroidered across their backs .
And i damned sure want to see the names of the defense contractors on the wardrobes of all the soft - handed sons - of - bitches who send good men off to die without a damned good reason .
Dress them all up like the clowns that they ’ve proven themselves — over and over — to be .
As J.S. O’Brien commented on Dr. Denny ’s piece , the more mature manner of solving this problem — public financing — has more than a few devils in the details .
Not the least of which is that the politicians are n’t going to give up their gravy train willingly , and the fact that rational and mature is the quickest way to political defeat in the USofA .
So , fuck ’em .
They can keep the contributions and the shady relationships ; we ’ll at least get to laugh at them .
About the only thing most of them have is obscene levels of vanity , we might as well hit ’em where it hurts , eh ?
And they would n’t be able to fool so many of the uniformed if their wardrobe did the media ’s job .
I might be crazy , but would you be surprised if my plan worked ?
This is n’t a Left or Right issue .
My guess is that the majority of Americans would be on board and would vote “ yes ” on Nelson Muntz … if for no other reason than our national love for enjoying the misfortunes of others .
And who really likes politicians ?
Allow Americans a real chance to give the politicians a swift kick to the taint and they ’ll take it .
Who ’s with me ?
We need some lawyers to write the referendums and cadres of cynics in all fifty states to collect the petition signatures .
After that we ’ll let democracy decide .
It may suck only marginally less than other forms of government , but i believe that it would come through for us on this .
Comments by Mike Adams , the Health Ranger
( Natural News ) The November 25 issue of thecontains a report about the long - term side effects experienced by men who received cisplatin - based chemotherapy for testicular cancer .
Severe neurological side effects , discoloration of the hands and feet when exposed to the cold ( Raynaud - like phenomena ) , tinnitus , and impaired hearing were found to be common in men who received chemotherapy as opposed to those who did not .
Men who received cancer treatment between 1980 and 1994 were given follow - up surveys between 1998 and 2002 to assess their conditions after treatment .
Researchers found that in the decades following treatment , those men who received any form of chemotherapy were significantly more likely to be experiencing long - term negative side - effects as a result .
In the chemotherapy group , 39 percent of men reported Raynaud - like phenomena , 29 percent reported paresthesias in the hands or feet , 21 percent reported hearing impairment , and 22 percent reported tinnitus symptoms .
Marianne Brydoy , M.D. , from Haukeland University 's Department of Oncology in Norway , conducted the study with the help of her colleagues to verify the correlation between high rates of long - term neurological damage and chemotherapy .
Since the control groups who did not receive any form of chemotherapy experienced far fewer neurological damage incidents than did those who received chemotherapy , the results are indicative of an underlying problem with chemotherapy treatment .
Experts aim to reassess proper treatments for testicular cancer .
They hope to minimize the toxic side effects of chemotherapy by reformulating the levels of cisplatin used in chemotherapy treatment .
According to their research , 20 mg / m2 a day is the maximum safe dosage of the drug .
As this study goes to show , .
While chemo may at first appear to be working by shrinking a tumor , it is in fact a systemic poison that will inevitably destroy cells throughout the body , most notably in the brain , heart , liver and kidneys .
The only way to protect yourself from these devastating effects of chemotherapy is tobefore undergoing chemo treatments .
But oncologists sternly warn patients against consuming such nutritional supplements by citing one of the most oft - repeated myths of the cancer industry : " Nutritional supplements block the chemotherapy " they say !
It 's a lie , of course , but it 's been repeated so frequently by the cancer establishment that they can't even remember who uttered it first ... or why .
Truth be told , there is absolutely no science backing up such a false belief .
No credible scientific study has ever found that antioxidants or other immune - boosting supplements impede chemotherapy treatments at all .
In fact , many supplementsfor cancer cells while simultaneously reducing its toxic effects on healthy cells .
Then again , if cancer doctors knew anything at all about nutrition , they probably would n't be in the business of poisoning people with chemo in the first place .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 18
Southern Geminids
Credit & Copyright : Phil Hart
Explanation :
At least 34 meteors are included in this composite image as they rain through Australian skies during the annual Geminid Meteor shower .
Dust particles strung out along the orbit of extinct comet Phaethon vaporize when they plow through planet Earth 's atmosphere causing the impressive display .
Although the particles are traveling parallel to each other , the resulting streaks clearly seem to radiate from a single point on the sky near Gemini's twin stars Castor and Pollux at the lower right .
The radiant effect is due to perspective , as the parallel tracks appear to converge at a distance .
Taken over a period of 2 hours on the morning of December 14 , short exposures recording individual meteor streaks were combined with a single long exposure to show the background stars , with Sirius at the top , and the constellation Orion at left .
Faint stars and nebulae of the Milky Way track through the center of the frame .
Near the radiant point , an extra star in Gemini is actually the flash of a meteor seen almost head - on .
Senator Jack Reed ( D - RI ) was asked “ Specifically where in the Constitution does Congress get its authority to mandate that individuals purchase health insurance ? ”
He could n’t cite a specific section , but noted that Congress has required individuals to do lots of things in the past .
As a practical matter , Senator Reed is right .
Originally , the Constitution created a federal government with a limited set of enumerated powers , and the Tenth Amendment says , “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . ”
Today , the Tenth Amendment is irrelevant and the idea of the federal government having a limited set of enumerated powers is laughable .
Where in the Constitution did Congress get its authority to force people into a compulsory retirement program , as Social Security does ?
The Supreme Court ’s ruling that Social Security is constitutional would appear to close the door on any notion of enumerated powers , or to reserving powers to the states or the people .
But Senator
Reed came up with an even better example when he said “ it is not unusual that the Congress has required individuals to do things , like sign up for the draft . ”
This is a great example because the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution says , “ Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the United States . ”
The draft pressed people into involuntary servitude despite the Constitution ’s explicit prohibition .
It has already been established that Congress has gained the authority to pass legislation that violates explicit provisions in the Constitution , as Senator Reed notes , so it is not surprising that the Senator would find the Constitution sufficiently irrelevant to the health care issue that he would not have — or need to have — an answer to the question .
Now , I understand laissez - faire .
It is intriguing , to put it temperately , that so many on the far right , whether religious or fiscal , take such a disconnected approach toward human affairs .
Yes , I am demonizing a population , but we have a right to free speech .
Anything that happens after my essay is published is n’t my fault .
Yes , I trade in debt , but what happens to the wider economy is n’t my problem .
One can say or do things of morally dubious character , but walk away , in good conscience , from the consequences .
The Islamophobe is no different , although the way in which Islamophobes hate has changed .
Today the Islamophobe still accuses the religion of malignancy , but makes the pretense of embracing the followers of the religion .
There ’s the deceit :
You do n’t have to say all Muslims are a menace — just note that “ a few ” are , while insisting very loudly that Islam is the problem .
Everyone can fill in the gaps .
How do we find these few ?
How do we screen them ?
Where do we put them ?
The Civilized Bigotry of “ Going Muslim ”
This Monday , Professor Tunku Varadarajan of NYU Stern School of Business posted an article on Forbes.com , “ Going Muslim . ” ( Disclaimer : I am an alumnus of NYU .
All the same , Professor Varadarajan is actually employed by New York University , so you can count that as a disclaimer to the disclaimer . )
This vitriolic piece punned , rather lamely , on the everyday “ going postal ” — and so the Professor decided to throw away the niceties behind which civilized bigotry hides its face .
His argument : Muslims can not be tamed .
The Muslim who seems to be integrated could one day pull off a massacre .
The appearance of integration is a farce , only the latest strategy that terrorists hide behind .
And since you cannot disprove a negative , every Muslim is a threat to the West .
We Americans must question whether our adherence to equality has caused us to go blind to the danger every single Muslim might pose : “ a seemingly integrated Muslim American — a friendly donut vendor in New York , say , or an officer in the US Army at Fort Hood — discards his apparent integration into American society and elects to vindicate his religion in an act of messianic violence . ”
Friendly Muslims !
Seemingly integrated !
Beware , America .
Freedom of religion might doom you :
Must we continue to be neutral in handling all people from different groups even though we know that there are differential risks posed by people of one group ?
The problem here is a heightened version of the airport security problem , where we check all people — including Chinese grandmothers — regardless of risk profiles .
But can we afford that on a grand , national scale ?
( And I mean that question not merely in a financial sense , but also in terms of the price we ’d pay in failing to detect a threat in time . )
There is no column to count the moral cost .
If this is not hate - mongering , I admit the term has no utility .
Every major American Muslim organization has passed judgment on last week ’s murders , and rightly deemed them heinous crimes against our common humanity , an offense to the civilized standard Muslims aspire to .
It is one thing to say that people sin , and in their imperfection others are hurt or harmed .
It is another thing to argue that any Muslim can one day turn on his closest friends , his office colleagues or neighbors , to fulfill what Varadarajan believes is Islam ’s nature .
I ask again : how can Islam have a nature independent of Muslims ?
The point being , Muslims are racialized , so that their ultimate characteristics are violence and deception .
It is hard enough to contemplate what drives a person to such a vile action as murder , but even harder to conceive of when that person apparently shares one ’s faith and may have been inspired by a twisted perversion of that faith .
This is the dilemma of the Muslim in the West , the reason for which Islamophobia is rightly considered a danger : we are very conscious of the consequences of marginalization .
The frustration that finds no outlet , until it absolves itself of morality and seeks only an unrighteous leveling .
Dean Says : “ I Would Not Censor or Rebuke Him ”
But can you imagine how I , a seemingly - integrated ( and , I ’d like to think , friendly ) alumnus of New York University , felt upon reading Varadarajan ’s essay ?
My years at NYU were marked by a warm and welcoming atmosphere , fantastically diverse communities and an administration that was farsighted in its vision , and yet deeply involved and concerned with the lives of its students .
I often brag to friends at other universities about how exceptional my education was .
Now that same university plays host to a bigot whose language includes the following : “ Muslims may be more extreme because their religion is founded on bellicose conquest , a contempt for infidels , and an obligation for piety that is more extensive than in other schemes . ”
A number of concerned students and staff , some of them Muslim and some of them from other traditions , sought out the Dean of NYU Stern , Thomas Cooley , hoping to communicate their concern at what was being published with NYU ’s name in the byline .
What we received in response was astonishing .
Thomas Cooley was so uninterested in the pain felt by students and alumni of the global university he works for that he had the audacity to cut and paste the same callous reply to every person who emailed him .
I reproduce in full :
Your complaint is duly noted .
I read Mr. Varadarajan ’s article very differently than you did .
I think it is a very distorted reading to call this hate speech .
In any event I would not censor it or rebuke him for having written it .
We are , as you allude to , an institution that treasures free speech and open dialogue .
You need to think more about what this means since you do n’t seem to understand it .
I would suggest that if you take issue with what Mr. Vardarajan wrote you take the issue up with him .
There is space for feedback on the Forbes site .
Do what you do , then walk away from the consequences .
Other than the earth - shaking irony of a University Dean accusing alumni of that same university of being unable to understand the idea of free speech ( whom should we blame for that conceptual illiteracy , and when can I expect my tuition refund ? ) this cold - hearted dismissal suggests to American Muslims that their concerns are not worth even a polite response .
( Another disclaimer : Cooley , like Varadarajan , writes for Forbes.com ) .
Last year , Stern School of Business brought onboard a Visiting Professor , Thio Li-Ann , also a member of Singapore ’s parliament , who had argued during a 2007 parliamentary debate against legalizing sex between men and had expressed strong homophobia in her online writings .
Rightly , she left over the summer , but not because the university suddenly contracted an aversion to free speech .
Rather because we have a moral obligation to consider the consequences of our language beyond simple ideological commitments :
A university is a community of human beings , too .
For a Dean to turn to successful businessmen , accomplished alumni , and hard - working students and tell them that their feelings of marginalization are simply the result of misreading obviously inflammatory passages is inexcusable .
I am not looking for free speech to be revoked ; far from it .
I do n’t want Varadarajan to stop writing .
I would like him to change his mind , of course , but see no virtue in show trials , thought control or other instruments of conformity .
I ’m a writer , and have received numerous harsh comments for some of my opinions in the past .
Some of my most vocal critics have been Muslims .
But to defend free speech does not mean one agrees with the speech itself — that Cooley felt no desire to distance himself from Varadarajan ’s words speaks volumes .
Worse still , this kind of hate is defended by a senior official at a major global university , whose interests include expanding into the Muslim world .
Would Cooley have responded the same way had the email come from African - American or Jewish alumni ?
I prefer to see consistency .
I should hope the NYU administration have enough concern for its Muslim students , staff , and alumni to accord us the same respect every other community deserves .
Everyone talks about losing site of the message of Christmas , but what about Halloween ?
These days it seems like it 's just an excuse to dress up in goofy costumes , while kids go door to door and eat candy .
What ever happened to the holiday we used to celebrate , when dangerous lunatics and functional alcoholics would come together to scare the living shit out of people of all ages ?
We asked you to take us back to the roots of this sacred holiday .
The winner is below , but first the runners up ...
Advertisement
11 Entry by McBeefy
Best Buy , Samsung , Westinghouse , And Eleven Other Brands Named In SFLC Lawsuit Evidence of GPL Violations and Copyright Infringement Found in TVs , DVD Players , and Dozens of other Electronic Devices
New York , NY , December 14 , 2009 / / Best Buy , Samsung , Westinghouse , and JVC are among the 14 consumer electronics companies named in a copyright infringement lawsuit filed today in New York by the Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) .
The SFLC is a non-profit law firm established in 2005 to provide pro-bono legal services to Free and Open Source Software ( FOSS ) developers .
The suit was filed on behalf of the Software Freedom Conservancy ( Conservancy ) , the non-profit corporate home of the popular software application BusyBox and many other FOSS projects , and Erik Andersen , one of the program ’s principal developers and copyright holders .
The suit charges each of the defendants with selling products containing BusyBox in violation of the terms of its license , the GNU General Public License version 2 ( GPLv2 ) .
About BusyBox
Known as the “ Swiss Army Knife ” for Linux , BusyBox is a common component of a growing number of household devices , including Best Buy ’s Insignia Blu Ray DVD Player , Samsung HDTVs , Westinghouse ’s 52 - inch LCD Television , and more than a dozen other products that the defendants have continued to sell without the permission of the software ’s copyright holders .
Under the terms of the GPLv2 , anyone can view , modify , and use the program for free on the condition that they distribute the source code to customers .
The SFLC confirmed BusyBox violations in nearly 20 separate products cited in the complaint and gave each defendant ample time to comply with the requirements of the license .
“ We try very hard to resolve these types of issues privately with companies , as we always prefer cooperation ” said SFLC counsel Aaron Williamson .
“ We brought this suit as a last resort after each of these defendants ignored us or failed to meaningfully respond to our requests that they release the source code ” .
The SFLC has dealt with over a hundred compliance matters since its inception on behalf of various clients , including BusyBox and developers of significant portions of the GNU / Linux operating system .
The vast majority of these matters usually end with violators voluntarily coming into compliance .
In the rare cases when a company refuses to cooperate in good faith , the SFLC has been forced to take legal action on behalf of its clients to enforce FOSS requirements .
Since 2007 , the SFLC has sued six companies , including Verizon and Cisco , for selling products with embedded FOSS programs in violation of the GPL .
Though the scope of this lawsuit is unprecedented in that it includes 14 defendants , the SFLC ’s primary goal is to encourage companies to join the software freedom movement , said Bradley M. Kuhn , Conservancy ’s president and the SFLC ’s technology director .
“ As embedded computer systems become more commonplace in everyday consumer electronics and more companies recognize the zero-cost licensing of Free Software over proprietary alternatives , it is more important than ever for manufacturers to learn to comply with the GPL ” , Kuhn explained .
“ The SFLC ’s objective , on behalf of its clients , is not only to ensure the freedom of FOSS code but to see that BusyBox ’s users get the full benefit of the software ” Williamson added .
The suit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and will be heard by Judge Shira A. Scheindlin .
A copy of the complaint is available on our website .
For additional information or to arrange interviews , please contact SFLC communications director , Lysandra Ohrstrom , at ( 212 ) 461-1915 or by e-mail at lohrstrom@softwarefreedom.org .
Other SFLC news ...
Aung San Suu Kyi has lodged an appeal to be released US President Barack Obama has urged Burma 's prime minister to release the pro-democracy leader , Aung San Suu Kyi .
Mr Obama delivered the message as he met leaders of the Asean grouping of south - east Asian nations in Singapore .
White House press secretary said Mr Obama raised the issue " directly " with General Thein Sein .
Ms Suu Kyi's house arrest was extended in August beyond the elections planned for next year .
She has spent 14 years in detention in the past two decades .
Lawyers for Ms Suu Kyi , a Nobel peace prize laureate , have lodged an appeal with the Supreme Court against her extended house arrest .
The Apec summit brings together leaders of the 10 - member Association of South East Asian Nations ( Asean ) , which includes Burma .
Cautious engagement
Before the closed talks in a hotel room , Mr Obama and the Asean leaders stood in a line on a stage , crossing their arms to shake hands with the leader on either side .
Gen Thein Sein was not close to Mr Obama - a direct meeting would have marked the first time in 43 years a US president had met a Burmese leader .
But the fact that a US president has sat down at the same table with a member of the Burmese military government is a clear sign that America is serious about wanting to re-engage with the region , says the BBC's Rachel Harvey in Singapore .
US presidents have previously refused to hold meetings with Asean when Burmese leaders were present .
The US has previously boycotted Asean meetings because of Burma " The president was just - as you know - in the scheduled meeting with the 10 Asean nations , and brought up in the meeting the ... release of Aung San Suu Kyi by Burma .
So , he brought that up directly with that government , " Mr Obama 's spokesman , Robert Gibbs said .
A joint statement released after the US - Asean talks , welcomed Mr Obama 's policy of engagement with Burma and " underscored the importance of national reconciliation " there , but did not mention Aung San Suu Kyi .
" The general elections to be held in Myanmar in 2010 must be conducted in a free , fair , inclusive and transparent manner in order to be credible to the international community , " the statement said .
Aung San Suu Kyi's party won Burma 's last elections in 1990 but the military never allowed her to take power .
Observers believe Burma 's authorities want to keep the pro-democracy leader in detention until after polls scheduled for next year .
The Obama administration has said it favours cautious diplomatic engagement , with sanctions against the regime remaining in place until real progress on democratic change is made .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mammograms causing more harm than good
What 's in the " Knockout " book
Do you know someone just diagnosed with cancer ?
( Natural News )
As the author of the New York Times bestseller , " Knockout : Interviews with doctors who are curing cancer , " Suzanne Somers is making waves across the cancer industry .
Her powerful , inspired message of informed hope is reaching millions of readers who are learning about the many safe , effective options for treating cancer that exist outside the realm of the conventional cancer industry ( chemotherapy , surgery and radiation ) .
Recently , Suzanne Somers spoke with NaturalNews editor Mike Adams , the Health Ranger , to share the inspiration for her new book " People are just starving for some new information ... for other options , for hope in [ treating ] cancer , " she explained .
The full interview with Suzanne Somers is available as a downloadable MP3 file from NaturalNews.com : http://naturalnews.com/Index-Podcasts.html
In it , Somers explains why she 's so concerned about the current course of the cancer industry : " In 2010 , cancer will be the biggest killer in the world .
I fear for everybody walking into the present cancer protocol .
It 's going to make billions and billions of dollars for the industry , which is already a $ 200 billion - a - year business .
It 's going to bankrupt families .
It causes expensive deaths .
It emaciates people and they die anyway .
Why not look into the options that are offered in Knockout ?
Why not look into Dr. Burzynski out of Houston ?
Why not look into Dr. Gonzalez in New York or Dr. Forsythe out of Nevada ?
[ They ] have a different protocol that does n't require harsh chemicals or degrading the body .
"
In the interview , Suzanne also explains the limitations of chemotherapy and why the cancer industry has failed the people : " There are only three kinds of cancer that respond to chemotherapy : Testicular cancer , childhood leukemia , some lymphomas including Non-Hodgkin's , " she says .
" For all of us who have raised money marching , going to black - tie fundraisers , we 've thrown billions and billions of dollars at pharmaceutical companies and the FDA to find a cure , and it has failed .
They do not have a cure .
"
In the Natural News interview , Somers also discusses the problems with mammograms .
When asked for her thoughts on the US government 's sudden change in position that now says women under 50 should never receive mammograms , Somers explained : " I have information so shocking inabout mammograms that I have been reluctant on television to even bring it up , because to say anything negative about mammograms is going against the gold standard .
So I was thrilled when I saw this report yesterday .
Nobody 's saying the real truth [ about the harm caused by mammograms ] .
They do n't want to open Pandora 's Box ... you mean a lot of the women who faithfully had mammograms got their cancer from mammograms ?
" Suzanne Somers ' book presents a collection of interviews from leading doctors who have developed and now apply natural cancer therapies to patients , producing outstanding results .
To gather information for her book , Somers explains , " I called doctors , I interviewed their patients , I talked to hundreds of people , I interviewed science writers , PhDs , neuroscientists , nutritionists ... even the scientific advisory board of Life Extension .
" And rather than preaching to people about what they should or should n't do , Somers ' book simply providesto men and women who want to know more before making a potentially deadly decision about chemotherapy .
" You 've got to get smart and connect the dots and ask yourself , with all the money going into [ conventional ] cancer , do they have an answer ?
The answer is no .
We 're on our own , so let 's look at these independent doctors who are having success , " Somers says .
The information presented in Somers ' book , not surprisingly , has raised the ire of the conventional cancer industry and all their powerful allies ( including more than a few organizations in the mainstream media ) .
That 's why Somers ' message has been viciously attacked by conventional cancer and chemotherapy pushers who see the information presented inas a threat to their authority ( and repeat business ) .
" My message interferes with Big Business 's bottom line , " explains Somers .
" But until what Big Business is doing is good for us , and for the betterment of our health and mankind , then I think people have to speak out about it .
" And she 's speaking out with a powerful , inspired voice .
Listen to the full interview with NaturalNews editor Mike Adams here : http://naturalnews.com/Index-Podcasts.html
After hearing the interview , pick up the book yourself at your local book retailer or online .
Here 's the Amazon.com link : http://astore.amazon.com/NNbooks-20/detail/0...
" The war on cancer is a dismal failure , " says Somers .
" If this were a military project , the people in charge would be fired .
It 's not working .
" But there are real solutions for cancer , and there are doctors delivering " alternative " cancer treatments right now that are producing astonishing results ( putting conventional chemotherapy to shame ) .
Suzanne 's book lists a wealth of resources where you can find more information about natural cancer treatments and the clinics that offer them .
Here 's a short list of some of the health experts she mentions ( many more are listed in her book ) : Los Angeles , CAHouston , TXNew York , NYNevadaIf so , .
Make sure they listen to this interview with Suzanne Somers .
Information is power , and by providing your family members , friends or coworkers with more information and more options , you are empowering them with precisely the kind of information that might very well save their lives .
Chemotherapy is extremely toxic to the human body .
It causes permanent damage to the brain , heart and kidneys .
Mammograms harm ten times as many women as they help .
Do n't your loved ones deserve to know about the options available right now that can treat and reverse cancerThat 's what you 'll learn in this interview and in Suzanne Somers ' " Knockout " book .
Inform yourself , and help empower others with -- the kind of knowledge the cancer industry would prefer people never had access to .
Hear the full interview here : Pick up " Knockout " at Amazon.com :
One third of the content being monetised has come from unlawful user uploads , the content owner has chosen to keep up on the site in exchange for an advert being served .
And two thirds of the videos making money are uploaded by the content partner themselves .
YouTube is selling the majority of the adverts around the content – unless a special arrangement has been negotiated , as with the recent Channel 4 deal – which will see the broadcaster sell the adverts around its own content .
In our coverage of debates over the Federal Communications Commission 's authority to enforce its proposed Internet nondiscrimination rules , we 've taken a look at pro and con arguments over whether Congress gave the agency net neutrality powers .
But the question of statutory authority is n't the only challenge facing the FCC 's suggested regulations — rules that would sanction ISPs for discriminating against applications and require transparency in their network management practices .
Critics also argue that US incidents where ISPs engaged in questionable network behavior have been so few that setting up tougher standards amounts to " regulation by anecdote . "
" I am not convinced that there is a sufficient record to establish that a problem exists that should be addressed by Commission rules , " warned new Commissioner Meredith Attwell Baker in her dissent to the FCC 's proposals .
" We should not adopt regulations to address anecdotes where there is no fact - based evidence that persuasively demonstrates the presence of a problem . "
So which alleged " anecdotes " are we talking about here ?
Two stand out in the United States .
The first would ( famously ) be FCC sanctions in August of 2008 against Comcast for slowing down BitTorrent file sharing .
The second was the 2005 Madison River Communications case , in which the North Carolina phone company / ISP was accused of blocking Vonnage VoIP traffic , and eventually settled with the FCC over the matter .
The question is whether these incidents are sufficient to merit further action .
It 's a tough problem , for which we have summoned some unconventional help .
Welcome to the Ars Technica Policy Debate Theatre .
Please switch off your cell phones ; our performance is about to begin .
Ask Nancy and Fred
Let 's conjure a dialog between two fictional characters : Nancy Regulator and Freddy Freemarket .
They 're both smart people who hang out at a neighborhood Internet cafe .
Freddy works at a locally owned computer / network repair center that does contracting around the city .
Nancy does Web and tech support for a big nonprofit .
They love technology and agree on a lot of things : the FCC 's indecency rules ( stupid ) ; medicinal marijuana ( organic medicine ! ) ; and each other ( they 're dating ) .
But they draw the line at the Commission 's proposed net neutrality rules .
Social liberal Nancy strongly supports them .
Libertarian Freddy thinks they represent a dangerous and unnecessary extension of government .
It 's Sunday morning .
They 've just finished reading the PDF of the FCC 's proposals and Attwell 's dissent .
" That settles it as far as I 'm concerned , " Freddy says , looking up from his Ubuntu laptop .
" There 's no case for action here . "
" Why not ? "
Nancy asks , skeptically , while bookmarking the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on her Safari browser .
" Because this entire proposal is based on exactly what Baker describes : anecdotes rather than comprehensive fact - based phenomena . "
Nancy opens the lid on her MacBook and downs a gulp of coffee .
" C'mon Freddy , " she says .
" The Comcast case was n't an anecdote .
It was a full - on complaint that affected millions .
Associated Press and the Electronic Frontier Foundation documented the problems when BitTorrent users tried to share the King James Bible .
The FCC held two hearings on the issue at Harvard and Stanford .
Even Comcast admitted that it was engaging in selective slowdowns of uploads . "
While talking , she grabs a definition of ' anecdote ' off the ' Net .
" Look , " she continues .
" Merriam - Webster defines an anecdote as 'a usually short narrative of an interesting , amusing , or biographical incident . '
How is the Comcast case an anecdote ? "
" Because it was based on anecdotes , " Freddy quickly responds .
" It was based on the narrative accounts of various individuals who offered the agency the results of their experiences with BitTorrent and Gnutella as Comcast ISP users .
It was not based on an extensive hands - on investigation initiated and conducted by the FCC . "
Open and shut
This stops Nancy for a few seconds , but she quickly recoups .
" So was the Madison River case an anecdote ? " she shoots back .
Now it 's time for Freddy to pause .
" Well , not exactly ... " he begins .
" That 's right , " Nancy says , triumphant .
" It was a case in which an ISP was caught red handed blocking VoIP traffic , paid the FCC $ 15,000 , and promised not to do it any more .
That 's not an anecdote , it 's an open - and - shut case with big implications for Internet telephony . "
" Yes , " Freddy notes , " an open - and - shut case that was resolved without any new net neutrality rules . "
" But — " Nancy interjects , " something that you would agree constitutes more than a short incident . "
" Ok , fine .
But the FCC did n't need any additional regulations to resolve the matter , " Freddy reiterates .
" That 's the bottom line here .
Right ? "
" Well , not exactly , " Nancy counters .
" The reason why the FCC did n't need to issue an Order based on new rules was because Madison River went along with a voluntary consent decree . "
Freddy smiles .
" Which is why ... " he continues with a grin , " the Madison River case can be regarded as an anecdote .
It was an incident which the FCC and Madison settled by agreeing to agree to the facts ! "
Call them what you want
Nancy looks at Freddy , her eyes squinting .
He is obviously very satisfied with himself .
" Freddy dear ... " she says , folding her arms .
" So Madison River and Comcast are both anecdotes .
Correct ? "
" You got it , Nance , " he declares , stretching .
" So what would n't represent an anecdote ? "
Nancy asks .
" A full - on government investigation of Comcast 's network management practices run by the FCC 's engineers ? "
Sure , Freddy responds .
" Except you are a libertarian , Freddy ! " she parries .
" You do n't trust the government !
So there 's no evidence that would n't constitute an anecdote in your book ! "
" Yeah , well , call them whatever you want , I just think we should see far more stories of harm before taking significant action , " he says .
" Even the most well - intentioned of regulators are n't immune from unintended consequences . "
Nancy concedes the point .
" Draw ? "
" Draw , " declares Freddy .
But as our fictional couple 's conversation moves on to the evening 's dinner and movie plans , we 're still left with the nonfictional problem du jour .
What constitutes real evidence , the kind that justifies the FCC making substantial rules to protect the ' Net ?
And how much of that evidence does the government need to act ?
Can it surmise that the data it has justifies anticipatory action ?
If so , under what circumstances ?
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski has promised a " data - driven " process at the agency , but as our dialogue reminds us , it 's easy to look at the same bits of data and come to very different conclusions about what ought to be done .
The Digital Economy Bill would give the Government the power to control the internet access of UK citizens by ministerial order , bypassing Parliament and without an adequate right of appeal , according to one legal expert .
Barrister Francis Davey has examined clause 11 of the Bill and believes that it puts extraordinary powers to control the information available to UK internet users in the hands of the Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills , currently Lord Mandelson .
The Department of Business , Innovation and Skills ( BIS ) has rejected the interpretation of the law , claiming that the EU's E - Commerce Directive prohibits the activity described by Davey .
" Clause 11 gives the Secretary of State the power by minsterial order to make any ISP [ internet service provider ] take technical measures against any subscriber , " said Davey .
This clause has been widely read as being designed to allow the disconnection of copyright - infringing file sharers , but Davey said its application could be far wider .
" Nothing it says has anything to do with copyright infringement or even wrongdoing by the subscriber , " he said .
" The Secretary of State could use this to order ISPs to block access to a website or to certain kinds of files . "
The Digital Economy Bill has been controversial because it gives the Secretary of State powers to order ISPs to take ' technical measures ' against subscribers , such as disconnecting the access of those accused of illegal file sharing .
Davey is a barrister with a background in IT and specialises in computer and internet law .
His analysis could lead to even further controversy about the Bill .
He said that he does not believe that the clause is a deliberate attempt to control access , but he said that if it passes into law it will inevitably be used in that way .
" My suspicion is that this is not an intentional power grab , " said Davey .
" I think that it is just bad drafting .
Whoever was doing it , rather than think of a subtle and complicated power that had the right effect , they have just given the broad power that would allow the Secretary of State to do what was needed . "
" But we know from other laws that when a power exists it finds a way of getting used , " said Davey .
" Look at the asset freezing powers of anti-terrorist legislation .
They were used to freeze the assets of [ Icelandic bank ] Landsbanki .
Now that upset a lot of people in Iceland , but when you went back to the legislation it actually did n't say anything about that power only being used against terrorists . "
A spokesman for BIS said that it had drawn up the legislation only with filesharing in mind .
" It is clear from clause 11 and the Bill as a whole that technical measuers are for the individual infringer and can't be applied at the network level , " he said .
" At the network level the law has to comply with the E - Commerce Directive . "
The Directive , which became UK law as the E - Commerce Regulations , absolves ISPs of liability for illegal material on their networks as long as they do not know that it is illegal .
It also absolves them of the duty to monitor networks for illegal activity .
" The Directive says that we can't draft legislation that imposes a general obligation to monitor networks , " said the spokesman .
" And this network level activity would require ISPs to monitor websites on their systems . "
Davey said , though , that while the E - Commerce Regulations and Directive do prohibit the passing of laws that require ISPs to monitor activity , this is different to what concerns him .
" What you can't do is require an ISP to look at the traffic going over its network and find certain content .
But if an ISP is asked to block an IP address they can do that , " he said .
" Blocking is not monitoring . "
Davey also has concerns about the lack of restraints on the powers in the Bill .
" It is slightly unusual because of its breadth and the fact that there is no right of appeal or obligation to publish the notices or to go through Parliament , " he said .
A person affected by an order can appeal the basis of an order but not the order itself , he said .
This means , for example , that if their access was cut off they could claim that they did not conduct illegal file - sharing but could not appeal the nature of the Secretary of State 's action , i.e. the cutting off of internet access .
Ofcom will operate a Code of Practice in relation to the powers , but Davey said that Ofcom will not be able to restrain a Secretary of State 's use of the powers .
" Ofcom governs the use of the power but can't inhibit it , " he said .
" The Code of Practice allows certain things to be put in it by Ofcom but it allows the Secretary of State to put things in as well . "
The BIS spokesman disagreed , saying that the Bill says that " Ofcom has to consult " on powers , and that the first time the Secretary of State wants to use the powers secondary legislation will have to pass through Parliament .
He conceded that after that Parliament did not have to be consulted on their use .
Francis Davey 's analysis of the bill can be read here .
Copyright © 2009 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
Our planet Earth has many strange and often beautiful places that retain the power to inspire and mystify .
They remind us that even in this age of technical and technological marvels there are still amazing places to be discovered .
We extend our sincere thanks to the contributors of open source media such as Turkey Holidays wiki commons that have made access to these incredible images possible .
( 10 sitios extraños )
1. PAMUKKALE – TURKEY
The strange and weirdly beautiful terraced pools of Pamukkale have been appreciated for over two millennia and yet still remain a little known wonder of the world .
Thousands of years ago earthquakes , which are common in Turkey , created fractures that allowed powerful hot springs to bring water rich in calcium carbonate to the surface .
As the water evaporated the chalky material condensed and formed layer - upon - layer of Travertine and thus slowly built up the walls over time in the same way that a stalactite forms in a cave .
Apparently Pammakale means Castle of Cotton but the Greco - Romans built a town above it called Heirapolis – meaning “ Holy City ” or “ Sacred City ” .
They too recognised it as a rare and important place attributing healing powers to the milky - white waters .
2. MOERAKI – NEW ZEALAND
These large , spherical , alien and strangely beautiful boulders are mainly located on Koekohe Beach , part of the Otago coast of New Zealand ’s South Island .
Known as “ Moeraki Boulders ” they were originally formed on the sea floor from sedimentary deposits that accreted around a core in the same way that a pearl will form around a particle of sand .
The erosion of the cliffs often reveals these boulders from the surrounding mudstone allowing them to join those already on the beach .
Some of the larger boulders weigh several tonnes and can be up to three metres wide .
Maori legend attributes their origin to the arrival of the first ancestors / giants who came in the great Araiteuru canoe which was sunk by three great waves at nearby Matakaea .
3. NINE HELLS OF BEPPU – JAPAN
Beppu , located on the Japanese island of Ky?sh ? , is the second largest producer of geothermal water in the world .
Located in the same area are the “ Nine Hells ” or ponds that each has its own remarkable character and colour thanks to the variety of minerals in the outflows .
These “ Hells ” are a popular tourist attraction in Japan but are little known outside of the country .
Seven of the strange geothermal springs are located in the Kannawa area and are known as : Sea or Ocean Hell ( Umi Jigoku ) , Shaven Head Hell ( Oniishibozu Jigoku ) , Cooking Pot Hell ( Kamado Jigoku ) , Mountain Hell ( Yama Jigoku ) , Devil or Monster Mountain Hell ( Oniyama Jigoku , ) Golden Dragon Hell ( Kinryu Jigoku ) and White Pond Hell ( Shiraike Jigoku ) .
Sadly , as with many incredible natural wonders , the area surrounding it has become over commercialised and “ tacky ” .
4. LAS CAÑADAS – TENERIFE
At the summit of Mount Teide , one of the largest Island volcanoes in the World is the Las Cañadas caldera .
The crater , which is an enourmous sixteen kilometres across , is a picture of what Hell might look like if it cooled a little .
Shear walls that formed when the caldera first collapsed encircle this dry and alien place .
And , with an arrogance than can only be accepted as typical , humanity has built roads and observatories across this no mans land that is little more than a plug over a sleeping yet still active and very large volcano .
When we visited it some years ago we were standing in the viewing gallery when the ground beneath our feet trembled and several windows suddenly cracked .
The sleeping giant was grumbling in its sleep .
The land mass created by the volcano is Tenerife in the Canary Islands .
5. BLUE HOLES – THE BAHAMAS
Found on both land and in the ocean throughout the Bahamas are deep circular cavities known as Blue Holes which are often the entrances to cave networks , some of them up to 14 kilometres in length .
Divers have reported a vast number of aquatic creatures some of which are still new to science .
In addition , they ’ve recorded chambers filled with stalactites and stalagmites which only form in dry caves .
For the explorers this was proof that at one time , nearly 65,000 years ago , when the world was in the grip of the last major ice age , the sea level of the Bahamas was up to 150 metres lower than it is today .
Over time the limestone of the islands was eroded by water and vast cave networks created .
When sea levels rose again about 10,000 years ago some of these collapsed inwards and the Blue Holes were formed
6. HELL’S DOOR – TURKMENISTAN
Located in the Kara - Kum desert of Turkmenistan is the village of Darvaza ( Derweze ) near to where , in 1971 , a team of Soviet prospectors allegedly drilled into a large chamber filled with natural gas .
The roof of the cavern collapsed leaving a crater - like sinkhole some 25 metres deep with a diameter of approximately 60 – 70 metres .
It soon became evident that natural gas was still rising into the crater from even deeper sources and the story goes that the decision was made to ignite the emissions rather than risk either a concentrated build - up of gas or local poisoning .
According to various sources it has burned continuously since then and has apparently been named “ The Gate to Hell ” by the local people .
However , another source that spoke with the guides from the region claims that it is a wholly natural phenomenon .
7. SANQINGSHAN – CHINA
Sanqingshan is a relatively small National Park near the city of Shangrao in the Jiangxi province of China .
What it lacks in size it makes up for in shear natural beauty .
It is officially the 7th World Heritage Site designated in China and has been noted for its exceptional scenic attraction .
The key mystique of this remarkable place is the combination of extraordinary granite geology in the form of weird outcrops and pillars combined with seasonal climate variations than often cause mists , fogs and striking sunsets .
Those that have visited this place describe a feeling of overwhelming peace and tranquility .
This effect is enhanced by the profusion of natural waterfalls , pools and springs .
If you allow yourself , it is truly possible to see Earth , Water , Wind and Fire joined in time .
8. EYE OF AFRICA – MAURITANIA
From space this mysterious depression in the Sahara Desert of Mauritania really does look like a human eye .
The image to the left is the “ pupil ” but a visit to Google Earth zoomed out a little will reveal the cliffs that make up the rest of the eye .
This natural phenomenon is actually a richat structure caused by the dome shaped symmetrical uplifting of underlying geology now made visible by millennia of erosion .
Please note that this explanation is not wholly accepted by the scientific community .
There still remain academics that believe it is the sight of a meteor impact and yet others still that believe it resembles the formations caused by underground nuclear blasts .
By the way , we estimate that the detonation would have had to be in the gigaton range .
Currently no country in the world has a weapon even close to this destructive yield .
9. SUQATRA ISLAND – YEMEN
This enchanting and little known island also known as Socotra is located off the coast of Yemen in the Middle East .
Isolated from the rest of the world its plants have evolved into many bizarre shapes and forms that are unknown in other parts of the world .
One of the most famous of these is the Dragon ’s Blood Tree the sap of which is used to make crystals that can be used as a dye or as an alleged aphrodisiac .
The plant depicted on the right is the strange Desert Rose ( Adenium obesium ) but sometimes more popularly called the Elephants Leg Tree .
The Island is slowly becoming known to the world and has great potential for eco-tourism as long as the visitors do n’t do more damage than good .
Other species include the Cucumber Tree and the Socotran Fig. Suqatra was listed as a World Heritage Site in 2008 .
10 . RACETRACK PLAYA – USA
Located in one of the flattest places on the face of this planet are the strange and unexplained Sailing Stones of Racetrack Playa – Death Valley – California – USA .
Once a year the “ Playa ” or flat desert pan experiences short winter rains and becomes slippery as the hexagonal desert floor turns back to mud .
During this time the boulders and rocks move leaving clearly visible tracks behind them .
Although scientists believe that high winds are responsible , some of the rocks will suddenly change directions and move at almost perfect right angles to their previous direction .
All the evidence suggests that this is not a hoax although it is also said that the movement of these rocks has never been captured on film or video .
In this technological age we wonder why long - term time lapse photography has n’t been used ?
Check more Daily News
After reading a recent post by Steve Souders concerning a free tool called dynaTrace Ajax , I was intrigued .
It claimed to provide full tracing analysis of Internet Explorer 6 - 8 ( including JavaScript , rendering , and network traffic ) .
Giving it a try I was very impressed .
I tested against a few web sites but got the most interesting results running against the JavaScript - heavy Gmail in Internet Explorer 8 .
I typically do n’t write about most performance analysis tools because , frankly , most of them are quite bland and do n’t provide very interesting information or analysis .
dynaTrace provides some information that I ’ve never seen before – in any tool on any browser .
dynaTrace Ajax works by sticking low - level instrumentation into Internet Explorer when it launches , capturing any activity that occurs – and I mean virtually any activity that you can imagine .
I noticed very little slow down when running the browser in tracing mode ( although it ’s sometimes hard to tell , considering the browser ) .
However all of the tracing is recorded and saved for later , making it easy to record sessions for later analysis .
Above is the result of a recorded session , logging in to Gmail , reading a mail , and logging back out again .
All aspects of the session are saved : Network requests , JavaScript source , all DOM events , etc .
I had a hard time finding information that was n’t saved by the tool .
This is the full timeline view of loading a single the Gmail inbox .
All network traffic , JavaScript parsing and execution , browser events , and CPU load can be seen .
You can select a segment of the timeline and get a view that looks like the following :
In the above you can see a clearer picture of the exact interactions happening .
A phenomenal amount of inline JavaScript execution followed by page layout calculation coinciding with loading of some data over the network .
You can mouse over the individual blocks on the timeline to get more information ( such as if the JavaScript execute was the result of a timer or what Ajax requests were firing to cause the network traffic ) .
Additionally you can click the blocks to dive in and take a deeper view of the trace .
Digging in to the execution of an XMLHttpRequest on a page we get to see some of the full execution stack trace – and this is where the tools starts to become really interesting .
The tool is capable of tracing across JavaScript , through the native XMLHttpRequest , through the network request , and back to the handler that fires when the request is done .
This is phenomenal .
This is the first tool that I ’ve seen that ’s capable of tracing through native methods to give you a picture of what activity triggers which actions and the complete ramifications of what happens ( in both CPU usage and execution time ) .
Note that in the stack trace view you can click any piece of code and see its location anywhere inside the source code ( and this even works after you ’ve already closed the browser and have moved on – all source code is saved for later analysis ) .
While it ’s interesting to trace through code to look for problems the bigger question is usually :
Where are slowdowns occurring ?
This is where the HotPath view comes into play :
This looks like a typical execution count view – like the one that you might see in Internet Explorer ’s built in tool or in Firebug – except for one important point :
This view includes JavaScript parsing and layout rendering times .
This is huge !
No other tool provides information on how long it takes to parse all the JavaScript code on your site or how long it takes to do all the rendering .
Clicking those entries allows you to see a breakdown of every time JavaScript was parsed or a layout was rendered – from which you can trace back to get even more information about what caused those actions .
I do n’t want to seem too excited but I really am , this is just an incredible amount of information – and it gets even better :
Not only can you see the execution count for your defined JavaScript methods but you can also see execution time for the built - in DOM methods !
Wondering what native method calls are slowing down your application ?
Wonder no more .
From the HotSpot view you can filter by DOM or regular JavaScript and see exactly where execution time is going and what methods are so slow .
dynaTrace provides an additional view , called PurePath that attempts to figure out problematic scripts :
Just another way to try and get a full picture as to where your application is slowing down and what may be causing the problem .
In all I ’m hugely impressed with this ( free ! ) tool and am already using it to do more testing and performance analysis on my code .
I do n’t think any browser has ever had a tool capable of this type of analysis , let alone Internet Explorer 6 and 7 , which are still a very real part of any developer ’s workflow .
I chatted with some of the dynaTrace guys and asked them to add in memory profiling and to support more browsers .
If they can provide this quality of instrumentation for CPU and execution time I hope they can do the same for memory usage , the next un - tapped realm of JavaScript performance analysis .
This is not new news & yet , unhappily , it is news that stays news in that nothing is being done about it — as Clayton Eshleman reminded me just a few days ago .
Back in 2006 , Time ran a cover story ( see pix above — & you can read the story on the site given below ) on the fungus threatening the prehistoric cave paintings of Lascaux , one of the absolute core artistic achievements of the human species .
Read the latest update on the situation below & then go and sign the petition on the site of the International Committee for the Preservation of Lascaux .
As I commented when signing : “ If we can not save our origins , we can not save our future ! ”
UPDATE 30 NOVEMBER 2009
FRANCE IGNORES UNESCO MANDATES
AS LASCAUX CONTINUES TO LANGUISH
France has failed to take any positive action on the ailing cave of Lascaux ignoring the resolutions passed at the July 2009 meeting of UNESCO ’s World Heritage Committee ( WHC ) , Seville , Spain .
It was at this meeting that the WHC ’s resolutions on Lascaux made the immediate implementation of an independent scientific committee an integral part of the cave ’s recovery plan .
To date , no such committee has been assembled or given authority over the cave .
France has also ignored the findings of its own symposium on Lascaux held in Paris February 2009 which called for a team of scientists in hard science to begin immediately forming a multidisciplinary research in Lascaux in an effort to finding the cause of and a cure for the current crisis .
This advice , presented by their own experts , has not been taken seriously .
Further , France has abolished the existing scientific committee without replacing it with a new committee .
Lascaux has been without any scientific supervision for the past six months .
Any chance to find an effective treatment and permanent solution to the cause of Lascaux ’s problem can only come once a thorough hard scientific , comprehensive study of the causes of the climatic and microbiological changes in cave .
The WHC requested such a study be carried out in 2009 .
To date , France has not even begun the process which will inevitably take many months to complete putting the commencement of actual treatment for Lascaux out into the future .
France did submit a report to the WHC in March 2009 but it did not address any causes of the crisis , as it has been directed , and only reported on some of the actions taken by the State in Lascaux .
The disregard with which France seems to hold the WHC resolutions made on Lascaux in July 2009 , under Decision : 33 COM 7B.100 on the Prehistoric Sites and Decorated Caves of the Vézère Valley ( France ) ( C 85 ) is very troubling .
It shows either an enormous lack of respect for the world community or a totally inept State institution which is charged with caring for one of the world ’s greatest art treasures – or both .
CITING THE LACK OF PROGRESS ON THE WHC’S OWN DECISIONS THEREFORE :
Since there has been no further “ progress in putting in place measures to strengthening the functioning of an independent International Scientific Committee and in proposing changes in governance to separate administrative and scientific functions ” , and these requests were not “ implemented as soon as possible ” ,
, and these requests were not Since “ the work planned to consider the impact of different mitigation approaches ” and “ the Protocol on Intervention that has been developed should be made public , as this could be used as a best practice example for other similar properties ” has not been done ,
and has not been done , Since “ the State Party ” has not continued “ its process of research and mitigation ” ,
has not continued Since “ the extreme urgency of the work being undertaken to identify the optimum approaches to mitigation and research to document and map the overall climatic conditions of the cave as a precursor to the development of appropriate climate control mechanisms ” has been ignored ,
has been ignored , Since “ the State Party to formalize the new management framework based on a separation between administrative and scientific functions , and also requests the State Party to give appropriate resources to the new independent and international Scientific Committee and invites representatives of ICOMOS and ICCROM to participate in its meetings ” has not been taken acted upon by France ,
has not been taken acted upon by France , Since requests that “ the State Party continues to evaluate the causes of the problem and the different approaches for conservation and develop , on the basis of the priorities adopted by the International Scientific Committee , a detailed action plan with a timeframe for the next three years ” has yet to be implemented ,
THE ICPL CONTINUES TO CHALLENGE ITEM #7 IN THE WHC’S LIST OF RESOLUTIONS ON LASCAUX :
Note furthermore that although currently only some of the paintings have been directly affected , and the overall impact of the various outbreaks of mould on the paintings has not threatened so far the Outstanding Universal Value and integrity of the property , the situation remains worrisome ; ”
The WHC , in passing the above resolution , was swayed by France ’s false statement that only fourteen paintings have been affected by the nine years of mould and fungus attacks in the cave .
This statement ignores the fact that the cave holds thousands of engravings which have been affected .
The disappearance of some of the finest prehistoric engravings under clouds of black spots is never spoken of by the state although these engravings represent more than fifty percent of the cave ’s art .
Neither do they speak of the walls and ceilings of Lascaux which have also been extensively contaminated by a proliferation of black spots .
According to archeologists , one cannot separate artifacts from their context .
In Lascaux , the artifacts are the paintings , and their context is the entire cave .
The cave ’s walls and ceilings are the canvases of the prehistoric paintings .
The black stains , visible on a limited number of paintings , actually spread over much larger areas of the neighboring walls .
Not only do they modify the artistic perception of the paintings , but they also represent a significant threat to the integrity of all the paintings in the cave .
It is on this point that the ICPL strongly challenges UNESCO on its statement that the Outstanding Universal Value and integrity of Lascaux has not been threatened .
The ICPL continues to call for a truly independent , non-government sponsored international council of scientists and experts in cave art and its conservation to monitor and report to the world on Lascaux and its health .
Conclusions at a glance :
No study as to the causes of the origin of the damage has yet been undertaken as directed by the WHC in 2008 .
No effective treatment has been found to stop the proliferation of black fungus .
The climatic balance has not been restored .
The implementation of the new international independent scientific committee is stalled awaiting a green light from France ’s new Minister of Culture .
There is currently no scientific supervision in the cave .
HOW CAN YOU HELP ?
Write a letter of concern to the new Minister of Culture urging him to empower the group of international scientist who have formed LIST and have volunteered to save Lascaux .
The clock is ticking and it is Lascaux ’s last chance to be saved .
Lascaux is a world heritage site .
It is a part of our universal and shared memory .
You can write to :
Frederic Mitterrand
Minister of Culture
3 Rue de Valois
75033 Paris Cedex 01 FRANCE
Emails are pouring in over Citigroup 's " Hail Mary Pass " : How To Know Citigroup Is In Serious Trouble .
Here is one from " HG " who writes
Hey Mish ,
We have a 7 figure net worth , no mortgage debt ( we do own our own home ) , pay credit debt in full each month , and have credit scores of 726 and 702 respectively .
We are 56 and 53 years old .
Just got the Citi 29.99 credit card rate increase notice .
It 's not limited to those who carry a balance like the folks who carry 25 k in debt .
Needless to say , I 'm cutting it up on principle , but not closing it so that my credit limits do n't go down .
Enjoy your posts and look forward to reading them going forward .
HG
Matters of Principle
Citibank Sends Out 2 Million Letters
Hi Mish ,
I got a Citibank letter last week raising my interest rate to 29.99 % from 7.99 % .
I have a 780 credit score and pay my account off every month .
My limit was $ 18,200 .
I never made a late payment to Citibank ( or anyone else ) .
When I called them to either maintain my current terms or opt - out , the rep told me she had been getting nothing but complaint calls all day .
She said Citibank had sent out 2 million such letters .
I was given one choice : accept the new terms or have my account canceled upon its expiration of 12/31/09 .
I told them to cancel the account .
The “ hail Mary ” you describe is even larger than you imagined .
MJ
First Premier Banks Offers Card With 79.9 Percent Rate
Gordon Hageman could n’t believe the credit card offer he got in the mail .
" My first thought , it was a mistake , " Hageman said .
The wine distributor called the number on the offer , gave them the offer code and verified his information .
Sure enough , it was right : the pre-approved credit card came with a 79.9 percent APR .
Yes , 79.9 percent .
The offer is for a Premier card from First Premier Bank , which is based in South Dakota .
On its Web site , First Premier says it is the country 's 10th largest issuer of Visa and MasterCard credit cards .
The site also says it " focuses on individuals who have less than perfect credit but are actually still creditworthy . "
According to information on the South Dakota Legislative Web site , there is " no maximum or usury restriction . "
In other words , the individual bank can set its own interest rate limits .
Several calls made to First Premier for a comment were not returned .
Banks Scream To Be Regulated
Email From A Collections Specialist
Hello Mish
I wanted to clarify Karl Denninger 's comments regarding Citigroup 's 10 % defaults on their credit cards .
I work in the financial industry , and have a heavy collections background .
' Defaults ' is a loosely used term .
For example , when my company says it has x % defaults , it is in reference to the number of loans .
Karl seems to be assuming 10 % is measured against fees , or what other people call revenue .
This is not an accurate way of measuring true losses .
Here is a practical example to illustrate my point .
At my company , if we give out 3 $ 100 loans and charge $ 10 per loan , we generate $ 30 in fees or revenue ;
However , we still have to get the $ 300 back we lent .
If one of those loans defaults , that is a 33 % default rate , but the practical impact to revenue is a loss of $ 270 .
So , while the default rate is 33 % ; the loss is $ 270 .
[ Correction on one account it would be $ 70 - Mish ]
Karl is assuming the 10 % of defaults is measured against revenue .
It could just as easily be calculated against the principal .
You have to check their annual report and go through their math , because default is not universally calculated the same way .
Thus , that 10 % default could be exponentially much larger than Karl is characterizing .
In fact , I would be willing to bet it is , because I have a friend who worked in the credit card industry for 15 years , and he was telling me his company uses the term default the same way we do .
MM
Credit Card Panic
How The Grinch Stole Christmas
It 's A Good Thing
To the extent that these jacked - up rates cause people to stop buying , it 's a good thing .
To the extent that canceled cards cause people to stop buying , it 's a good thing .
To the extent that these actions cause people tell greedy banks where to go , it 's a good thing .
To the extent that these actions cause people just give up , stop paying ridiculous rates , and declare bankruptcy , it 's a good thing .
. Interview by Matilda Lee , Ecologist , November 10 , 2009 .
" Lester Brown , founder of the Earth Policy Institute and the WorldWatch Institute , [ shares his views on a number of climate issues ] ...
' This year the number of automobiles will drop by 4 million -- 14 million scrapped and 10 million new sales -- a market shrinkage ...
Over the past couple years , the US has seen the development of a powerful grassroots movement opposing new coal fired power plants .
It has created a de facto moratorium on new coal - fired plants .
I doubt that anyone is ever going to get a new license for a coal fired power plant .
There are now 22 slated for closing , and many more next year ...
Just looking at what has happened in the last 9 months is important .
In February , just after President Obama took office , he announced new automotive fuel standards ( 42 mpg for cars and 25 mpg for pickups and SUVs ) and instructed the Department of Energy to get cracking in translating a backlog of legislation on energy efficiency into regulatory standards ( e.g. raising the efficiency of household appliances , legislation which for years under the Bush administration was n't implemented ) ...
We 've reduced carbon emissions in the US 9 % in the last two years -- the larger part of that is because of the recession , but a substantial part is energy efficiency and a shift to renewables ...
" '[ However ] most population growth around the world is happening where soils are eroding and water tables are falling .
The number of failing states we have in the world today is disturbing - 16 of the top 20 have high rates of population .
I do n't think that 's a coincidence - I think it is associated with the problems of population growth .
It will take outside help - in terms of technical assistance , investment and filling the family planning gap itself to halt this growth ...
Much of Asia 's rice is grown on low - lying river deltas -- half of Bangladesh 's rice land [ will be ] under water with a one metre rise in sea level .
If Greenland goes entirely it is seven meters .
With the Mekong delta , producing half the rice of Vietnam , Vietnam being the number two rice exporter , a one metre rise in sea level means a good part of that is gone .
We need more people to look at the big picture ...
The top two priorities are campaigns that aim to stop the use of coal and coal - fired power plants , and efforts to stabilize the world 's population ...
I think we should go to Copenhagen with a bold proposal and push really hard but I do n't think we should count on it to save civilization . "
Lester Brown 's new book Plan B 4.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization ( WW Norton , 2009 ) can be downloaded here [ PDF , 199 pp ] .
Boston - based Rapid7 is known for its closed - source NeXpose vulnerability scanning and reporting product , and fears were immediately raised that the acquisition of Metasploit would lead to the inevitable demise of the open - source Metasploit project as it exists today .
Metasploit is favored by penetration testers , corporate security staff ( and hackers ) because it is open source and free , but mainly because of Moore 's expertise and the wide community of security experts which contributes modules to Metasploit .
Alternative penetration testing systems such as Core Security Technologies ' Core Impact and Immunity 's Canvas are arguably easier to use , but are too expensive for many smaller organizations to buy .
The fears may be based on the precedent of Nessus , an open source vulnerability scanner which was very popular before it went closed source in 2005 .
Nessus is now only available for commercial use with a subscription , and lacks the community contribution that Metasploit currently enjoys .
" ... Metasploit will stay open source . "
So are the fears for Metasploit 's future founded ?
Corey Thomas , Rapid7 's vice president of products and operations , says the company is determined to learn from what he perceives as the mistakes made by Tenable .
" Tenable was mismanaged and ended up taking away from the community but contributing nothing .
What we have learned from Tenable is that to stay successful you have to add to the community , " he says .
To ensure this happens , Thomas says Rapid7 has established some ground rules for itself .
" We believe that the community is key , so Metasploit will stay open source . "
Rapid7's motivation for the acquisition of Metasploit is a desire to enhance NeXpose .
Its scanning functionality is designed to highlight known vulnerabilities and produce a prioritized remediation plan , but Thomas says that best practice involves running a penetration test as well .
" There are some things that a scan wo n't pick up that will be picked up by a pen test , " he says .
Rapid7 's plan is to be able to feed the results of a penetration test carried out using Metasploit back in to NeXpose , which will then use that information to adjust the remediation actions that it recommends .
( Currently NeXpose users who use Metasploit have to reconcile penetration test results and NeXpose scan data themselves , and work out for themselves what the implications of the combined data are . )
But in the past some Rapid7 customers have been unwilling to use Metasploit , in part because it is not a commercial product offered with support , and in part because in many people 's eyes it is seen as a tool favored by hackers , according to Thomas .
Metasploit's
Web site , which features a logo with an evil - looking hacker in dark glasses leering at a computer screen , does little to dispel this image .
By acquiring Metasploit , Rapid7 hopes to legitimize it and make it more acceptable to use .
" Some of our customers certainly had concerns that the software was not officially supported or quality checked .
Of course in practice HD ( Moore ) reviews the quality of all the Metasploit code anyway , but we may charge for support in the future . "
Thomas says there is another motivation too : the desire on the part of Rapid7 to improve NeXpose by getting its hands on Metasploit 's vulnerability research expertise .
" In this market vulnerability research is like manna , and having it is a competitive advantage , " he says .
The best way to get it is to tap in to publicly available data sources like the Metasploit community , he believes .
A key question then is whether the community will continue to contribute to Metasploit .
To try to ensure that is does , Thomas says that Rapid7 will maintain two security research teams : one for NeXpose , and another lead by Moore , who will be employed by Rapid7 as Chief Security Officer and work on the Metasploit project full time as Chief Architect .
The crucial part is that the two teams will share their research , Thomas says .
This goes back to his original point about giving back to the community , not just taking from it , as he believes Tenable did .
" Rapid7 will give its exploits to Metasploit and the community .
We do n't think that the competitive advantage is in the vulnerability data itself , it 's in providing the best advice for remediation . "
Security professionals and hackers will be watching Metasploit keenly over the coming months to see how the story pans out .
If community support dries up and Rapid7 starts charging for vulnerability updates the way that Tenable does for Nessus then Metasploit could rapidly become an irrelevance to everyone except Rapid7 's customers .
But if the deal results in Moore having more time to devote to the project and if the research community stays engaged with the project , the result could be a free , open source penetration testing system which is more popular , and more formidable , than ever before .
That would be good news for security professionals , and good news for hackers like the one illustrated on Metasploit 's web site as well .
I wanted to figure out why we started doing something so crazy as inhaling hot smoke , so I tried to look up when humans began smoking , but it was hard to find an even general starting point .
Then it came to me : People started smoking to get laid .
I wanted to figure out why we started doing something so crazy as inhaling hot smoke , so I tried to look up when humans began smoking , but it was hard to find an even general starting point .
Then it came to me : People started smoking to get laid .
Smoking has always been about getting laid , but has evolved from the original reason : to keep an ember burning .
As hunters and gatherers , humans had to move often .
To leave a fire behind , one could simply light a smoke and have fire at their finger tips .
The original lighter was a cigarette , or a pipe .
Before there was money and right after blind strength , fire became the power / currency of the planet .
This is why when you smoke it feels so liberating , because it is ingrained in us to do so , as much as talking .
It has been shown that smoking is harder on women — this is n’t because women are weaker , but because they have n’t been smoking for as long as men .
Why would a cavewoman smoke , if that ’s how a dude is gonna get her to bang ?
From there smoking evolved to have other advantages , like :
1. CIGARETTES CONNECT YOU WITH OTHERS
Smoking gives strangers a way to connect .
A cigarette is one of the only things that you are allowed to ask a stranger for and still seem polite .
If you go out to a bar and are standing alone staring at all the girls , you look creepy .
If you have a cigarette , you just look like a guy smoking .
—
2. CIGARETTES MAKE YOU LOOK COOL
Smoking is the second coolest thing you can do , other than moving out of your parents ’ house when you turn 18 .
Cigarettes are the rebellious young adults version of a kids candy .
Being young and having a cigarette shows that you have so much life left that it does n’t matter if you kill yourself a little .
People who smoke after 25 are trying to show they are still hip .
The only parents I have ever met that smoke are the “ cool ” ones , the ones who do n’t tell your parents when you threw up and shat yourself in their living room because you were on mushrooms .
Also , it ’s always your friend ’s hot mom who smokes that lets you see a little sideboob .
—
3. CIGARETTES ARE MOTIVATIONAL
When I stop smoking , my life turns to shit .
I use each cigarette as a reward for whatever task I am doing .
By making cigarettes a reward , I complete my task quicker , to get my fix .
Smoking also gives you the ability to take a break from work .
I have never heard someone ask if they could go outside to fuck with their phone for 5 minutes .
Smoking makes you go outside more .
—
4. CIGARETTES ARE GOOD FOR THE FUTURE
Cigarette smokers are also making our future generations ’ lungs stronger , making it so that they can breath in the polluted skies of tomorrow .
Fuck global warming .
Just light a cigarette , and your kids will be fine .
—
6. CIGARETTES MAKE YOU SEXY
Smoking makes you cooler , independent , daring , youthful , social , and sexy .
Look at James Dean , he did n’t die of lung cancer and cigarettes made him a sex symbol .
And he was only 5 ’ 5 and had moobs .
So keep it up smokers .
-DAVID KEYES
BARACK OBAMA is , in many ways , the left ’s answer to Ronald Reagan .
Both came to office as charismatic and self - confident leaders , elected in times of economic crisis and determined to move the economy in a new direction .
What is less obvious , however , is that the signature domestic issue in President Obama ’s first year in office  health care reform  is shaping up to be the antithesis of President Reagan ’s supply - side economics .
The starting point for Ronald Reagan was the idea that people respond to incentives .
The incentives that he most worried about were those provided by the tax system .
According to his budget director , David A. Stockman , Mr. Reagan would regale the staff with stories of how he , as an actor , used to alter his work schedule in response to the tax code .
“ You could only make four pictures , and then you were in the top bracket , ” Mr. Reagan would say .
“ So we all quit working after four pictures and went off to the country . ”
The key economic concept here is the marginal tax rate , which measures the percentage of a family ’s incremental income to which the government lays claim .
During Mr. Reagan ’s time in office , the top marginal tax rate on earned income fell to 28 percent from 50 percent .
Yo - Ho -Ho Cannon
Adjust the trajectory of your cannon and try to destroy the enemy cannons by exploding the barrels of TNT in each level .
The rare earth story goes to the heart of China 's relationship with the West - not just that , but to the heart of the West 's inability to understand China .
It is a complicated story , involving a whole chunk of the Periodic Table , high secrecy , patent battles and conspiracy theory .
But it boils down to this - 97 % of the specialist metals that are crucial to green technology are currently mined in China .
China is already limiting exports and has plans to limit them some more .
As a result much of the hi-tech metals industry is also moving to China .
As you can see in my film for Newsnight :
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
First the science .
There are 17 rare earth metals ; they have got their own special bit of the Periodic Table .
In nature they are mainly found clumped together underground in specific types of rock and ore , so they have to be separated .
It takes a large quantity of rock to make a tiny quantity of rare earth .
And the rock can often be radioactive .
For now just try and remember two elements - Lanthanum and Neodymium .
In the early 1980s a US company called Ovonics perfected a rechargeable battery using rare earth metals that would form the basis of a whole branch of experimentation in electric and hybrid cars .
For geeks , the battery is a Nickel Metal Hydride battery ( NiMH ) and uses , primarily , Lanthanum .
But remember the name Ovonics .
The firm formed a JV with General Motors , ceding 60 % ownership to the car giant .
Meanwhile in 1982 General Motors discovered a new compound that could make cheap , highly effective , permanent magnets , again using a rare earth - in this case Neodymium .
Again for geeks - the nomenclature is a Neodimium - Iron - Boron magnet ( NdFeB ) .
The primary effort at turning science into commercial technology here took place in the United States , with GM at the hub .
In parallel , these scientists were putting in place the key technologies for green capitalism :
• battery powered cars would become crucial in the effort to wean us off the petrol engine and ;
• permanent magnets are a crucial component in almost any gadget that moves or sees or is guided by a computer .
And both technologies rely on rare earth metals .
Now the geology .
As far as we know there is rare earth ore in California , Canada , South Africa , Brazil , Vietnam and Australia .
There 's even some in Greenland .
But the mother lode is sitting under the mountains 50 km ( 30 miles ) north of the Inner Mongolian city of Baotou , in the Bayan Obo mine .
In addition to Bayan Obo , China has also found massive deposits in Sichuan .
As Deng Xiao Ping presciently commented , at a time when electric cars and wind power seemed like ecotopian wet dreams : " Arabia has oil , China has rare earth " .
The story of how China seized a stranglehold on the ore supply and then large parts of the metallurgy is a modern epic .
" Either by stupidity or design " says one industry insider , " the Chinese flooded the market in the mid 1990s and collapsed the price .
Almost everybody else went out of business " .
For the purposes of today , there are three big potential sources of rare earth outside China - in California , Canada and Australia .
The Californian mine has not produced since 1998 , the Australian mine was set to start production in 2011 but has just lost its financing and the Canadian mine likewise is aiming at 2011 .
Together their annual production could amount to one third of China's .
Each of these projects has been hampered by lack of finance , particularly since the financial collapse of 2008 .
Some industry voices say the danger of China flooding the market again , making the mines uneconomic , means only a strategic rather than pure economic view makes them viable .
So with the doubling of demand and the collapse of non-Chinese supply , China ended up with 97 % of the ore market .
But as the industry for processing the metal and making products out of it developed rapidly in the late 1990s and this decade , China has also managed to bring much of that on - shore as well .
In addition to producing nearly all the rare earth metals , companies operating in China consumes 60 % of the stuff .
How has it achieved this ?
First by relentless state - backed focus .
If you do a web search for the scientific papers on rare earth , a lot of Chinese results come back .
China 's metallurgy industry flourished while the West 's declined .
But increasingly China has started to pare back exports .
It places an export tax on rare earth and a quota .
In each of the last two years the quota has been shrunk by 20 % .
There is of course , this being China , a flourishing black market .
In addition to the 35,000 tonnes officially exported , another 20,000 tonnes were somehow consumed outside China .
There is also endemic illegal mining of the stuff in the Chinese deserts .
This export limit is an overt signal to producers of rare earth products that , to ensure supply , they need to move production into the People 's Republic of China .
Now , in addition to the export restrictions so far , another problem is looming .
China 's demand is predicted to equal the entire Chinese supply by 2012 .
In a recently released - but not published in the West - draft report , Rare Earths Industry Development Plan 2009 - 2015 , the Chinese government pondered a complete ban on five heavy rare earth elements and a cap on exports at the current level ( 35,000 tonnes ) .
Officials later downplayed this , reminding journalists that since " no - one wants to give up profits " the quotas are rarely enforced .
However , if they were enforced - ie if smuggling was stopped - it would be a big problem .
Unless the non-Chinese mines ramp up production , there will be a shortage outside China .
So Western companies who want to manufacture have , increasingly , got to move onto the Chinese mainland .
As Dr Ian Higgins of the Birkenhead rare earth firm Less Common Metals told Newsnight :
" What you 're going to get is no opportunity for manufacturing outside of China .
And it just depends how far you think it 's acceptable to take this policy .
Somewhere along the line do we say 'yes , the world does need some strategic control in terms of manufacturing these materials ' ? "
Now to the reasons why this is such a problem for the rest of us .
The wind farm and the hybrid car - the two key technologies in the transition to green energy use - are completely reliant on rare earths .
There is about a tonne of rare earth magnets in a wind turbine and about 2kg of Neodymium in the rechargeable battery of a Toyota Prius , plus another kilogram or so of Lanthanum and Praeseodimium in the drive train up the front .
( For those whose focus is more on blowing people to smithereens , it is also disconcerting that guided munitions such as the US 's JDam bomb cannot function without rare earth magnets . )
Now to the response of the two big manufacturing powers outside China - the US and Japan .
How have they coped with this complex problem of rising new technology creating a resource monopoly for China ?
In summary , very differently .
Japan 's car manufacturers jumped into the electronic vehicle game early .
As a result a joint venture between Toyota and Panasonic is the world 's leading manufacturer of rechargeable NiMH batteries .
Likewise on the magnet front , again largely due to the foresight of Toyota and its ilk , Japan makes the majority of the the Neo magnets that are not made in China .
Japanese companies hold an unspecified stockpile of the key materials .
In addition Toyota has become the first car maker to own a mine - it has set up a rare earth mine in Vietnam which will solely produce for its car plants .
In addition , according to The Times newspaper , about 20 % of all Japanese rare earth imports are black market .
One Japanese offical told The Times :
" If the Chinese export quota limits were the reality of what comes into Japan each year , we would be even more worried than we already are . "
Now what you can say about Japan 's attitude to rare earth is that it is canny .
The state and major companies are aligned , they 're combining geo-politics with realpolitik up to - if The Times is correct - the point of tolerating a black market .
They have , in the process , gained the best part of a decade 's head start on the West in cleantech cars .
And , though they are reliant on China for rare earth , they have effectively pulled China into an Asia - centric rare earth economy .
Contrast this with the US .
It was not just the free market that closed the Mountain Pass mine in California , but environmental concerns about radiation .
But for whatever reason the US allowed its own rare earth source - the second largest in the world - to go out of business .
Next , the rare earth magnet business .
In 1996 , GM sold its magnet business , Magnequench , to a Chinese - led consortium .
It then moved large parts of its Neo magnet production operations to China .
Magnequench has now been taken over by a joint Chinese - Canadian business , but the bulk of its operations remain in China .
There is a large literature of political claim and counterclaim over this .
Next the rare earth battery business .
In the late 1990s GM famously scrapped its work on the EV1 plug in car and crushed all known models out in the desert .
It sold Ovonics , together with the patents for the key battery technologies , to Chevron / Texaco - an oil company - which successfully sued Toyota to maintain intellectual property rights over of the technology .
The resulting company was named Cobasys .
During its period of ownership by Chevron it failed to produce NiMH batteries in large numbers .
A highly polemical account of this can be found in the Sony Pictures film Who Killed The Electric Car ?
In 2004 , a protracted legal dispute between Cobasys and Toyota / Panasonic was resolved by the Japanese firms agreeing to pay Cobasys about $ 30 m and also royalties on the batteries sold in America out to 2013 .
As a result of the legal settlement the battery situation in the US is beginning to free up , but the legal battle leaves those promoting hybrids - and their next - generation development , the plug - in hybrid - rueing their dependence on non-US manufactured NiMH batteries .
Sherry Boschert , author of a book on electric cars , wrote in 2007 : " It 's possible that Cobasys ( Chevron ) is squelching all access to large NiMH batteries through its control of patent licenses in order to remove a competitor to gasoline .
" Or it 's possible that Cobasys simply wants the market for itself and is waiting for a major automaker to start producing plug - in hybrids or electric vehicles . "
Cobasys has now been sold to a JV between Samsung and Bosch , which specialises in the rival Li-Ion battery ( which is not so rare earth dependent ) .
What matters , in the long - run , is that the US lost any kind of lead in electric car battery manufacturing and left the Japanese complex of Toyota , Panasonic and Sanyo as the NiMH battery superpower .
It has also taken a major bet on Li-Ion technology which some commentators doubt is wise .
Meanwhile , when Panasonic and Sanyo merged , China 's competition regulator this year ordered these two Japanese companies to divest part of their rare earth battery business .
There are no prizes for guessing which country 's cash rich state - backed companies will be queuing to take this division off their hands .
Stepping back to see the bigger picture : in little more than two decades China has achieved absolute dominance in the raw materials side of rare earth and forced much of the manufacturing industry to move to China .
Its coming export restrictions will force more of this , but will probably also stimulate non-Chinese raw material production as the price rises .
In the process China has acquired key tech transfers , as is its stated aim under the so - called 863 Program .
And , as a byproduct of US corporate decision making , the China - Japan axis has emerged as the centre of the rare earth economy .
The US is now so worried about all this that in the National Defense Act 2010 there is for the first time a whole section requiring the government to launch an urgent probe into the impact of rare earth dependence on national security .
But for years US governments - both in the Clinton and Bush eras - have stated they have no problem with the transfer of rare earth jobs , plants and science to China .
The whole story reveals a mismatch between Western and Asian ways of doing business , and of perceptions .
President Barack Obama has now , reportedly , accepted there will be a global resource crunch within a decade , led by peak oil .
But the Chinese and Japanese governments and industrial elites have been operating on a resource agenda for the past decade .
China is demonstrably using foreign policy to gain direct access to supplies of raw materials .
When the Afghan war began , and the Russian involvement in the " Stans " , it became common to talk about Central Asia being the " New Great Game " for the warring superpowers .
But the real new Great Game is being played in the swamps of the Niger Delta , on the borders of Colombia - Venezuela , in the metal mines of the DRC and now in the rare earth mines of the world .
For example , China attempted to buy 51 % of the Australian rare earth mine , but pulled out in September when the Australian government vetoed this .
For decades US foreign policy , and much of the Western world behind it , has focused on security of supply of oil from the Middle East .
Chinese policy - foreign , industrial and commercial - now centres on finding and securing supplies not just of oil but of all major natural resources needed by an economy developing at 9 % for the rest of the century .
The old , oil - based policy shaped the world ; the rise of freemarket capitalism after 1989 became possible because no rival powers existed that could fragment the world economy and challenge US dominance ; the new , multi-resource based policy of China ( together with Japan and South Korea ) is what is reshaping the world .
It has put roads through Kenya , and sent Chinese engineers into the swamps of West Africa and the airless space of the Andean metal mines .
As Asia powers out of the recession it is enchancing the prestige of a model based on resource monopolies , giant integrated manufacturing empires , overt black - marketeering and state directed industrial policy .
The FT's Martin Wolf reminds us we are stacking up a potentially huge conflict between the US and China over trade and currency - and these two issues are what dominate the thinking of free - market , Western - trained economists when they think of China .
But it seems to me that the West has been largely blindsided by the growing importance of resource strategy .
While the West was thinking about one thing , the big Asian industrial powers were thinking about another .
BOSTON — From battling apartheid to directing campaigns against climate change , Kumi Naidoo has dedicated his life to activism .
Naidoo , 44 , became the new international executive director of Greenpeace in November and immediately started agitating for strong measures to be agreed upon at the climate change conference in Copenhagen .
Growing up in apartheid - ruled South Africa , Naidoo led student protests against the racist regime .
He was arrested numerous times for civil disobedience against apartheid in the 1980s .
Naidoo was also an exceptional student and won a Rhodes scholarship in 1987 to study at Oxford University where he earned a doctorate in political sociology .
After the release of Nelson Mandela from prison in 1990 , Naidoo returned to South Africa and continued his anti-apartheid activism .
From 1998 until 2008 , he was the general secretary of Civicus , an alliance for citizen participation around the world .
Naidoo worked on the Make Poverty History campaign in 2005 that gained support from several celebrities and won widespread international coverage .
Naidoo also campaigned against human rights abuses in Zimbabwe and last year went on a hunger strike to dramatize the suffering of Zimbabweans .
After several years in the anti-poverty movement , Naidoo says that he sees that the struggles against poverty and combating climate change are inseparable .
In an interview with GlobalPost Senior Editor Andrew Meldrum , Naidoo describes his journey from anti-apartheid activist to environmental campaigner and spells out what Greenpeace hopes will be achieved at the ongoing Copenhagen conference on climate change .
GlobalPost : How did you make the link between anti-apartheid activism and environmental activism ?
Naidoo : Starting out as an anti-apartheid activist 30 years ago and recently becoming part of an organization that focuses on environmental activism and climate justice seems completely natural to me as both issues are linked to human rights .
Climate change will affect the world ’s poorest and most vulnerable people first .
Having served as the chair for the Global Campaign for Climate Action for the past year , I am happy to have the opportunity to join Greenpeace as its international executive director .
Greenpeace is one of the most important organizations when it comes to dealing with climate change .
GlobalPost : What does Greenpeace want to see at the Copenhagen conference on climate change ?
Naidoo :
The world needs world leaders to attend the U.N. Climate Summit in Copenhagen to agree a FAB treaty : a Fair , Ambitious and Binding " treaty . "
Not a " deal " or " agreement " but a " treaty " that will set us on the path to averting catastrophic climate change .
We need to see world leaders act with courage and conviction , to set aside their petty differences and the shallow short - term self interest .
They need to come together and forge a deal that is in everyone ’s best interest .
GlobalPost :
What do you think are the three most pressing environmental issues right now ?
Naidoo : Climate change , climate change and climate change .
Without a doubt if the world does not move to avert catastrophic climate change , its impacts will be felt throughout the planet .
It will result in mass starvation , mass migration and mass extinctions .
It will make poverty permanent in the developing world as it will hit the world 's poorest hardest and fastest .
It will threaten the rain forests , change the composition of our oceans and increase desertification .
There are some 6.5 billion people on the planet and climate change will affect each and every one of them .
GlobalPost : What do you want to achieve at Greenpeace ?
And how will you do that ?
Naidoo : I ’d like to build on Greenpeace ’s incredible history , its reputation for independence , its courage for tackling environmental crimes on the frontlines and its imaginative and creative campaigning .
I ’d like to see it continue to expand in the global south as it has successfully done in recent years throughout Asia and now into Africa .
More and more I believe campaigning is about working with people rather than for them .
Greenpeace has recognized that , especially in its pioneering online activism , using " cyber- activists " to join it in pressuring campaigns and governments to change .
Check us out at the Greenpeace website .
This year Greenpeace has been part of the Global Campaign for Climate Action ( GCCA ) , of which I am currently chair .
It is an unprecedented alliance of civil society groups , faith - based groups and trade unions drawn together in the common cause of demanding a fair , ambitious and binding treaty to save the climate .
I ’d like to help Greenpeace become more inclusive and work more with other organizations on the issue of climate justice .
In the end we cannot change climate science , we must change the politics , and to do that our politicians need to hear from people everywhere that they want change not climate change .
Editor 's note :
Here 's how Greenpeace introduced the world to its new director .
Often ruins have a few tags littering their walls , messages and names left by some dumb - asses in their bid for eternal glory .
Scrawls , defacements , junk .
Well , not so the Kesihin hospital .
It is a gallery of gorgeous , skilled , vivid art that Banksy would be proud of .
Fantastic Celtic patterns , grotesque monsters , beautiful sexy women , Warhol - esque renderings of famous models , comedic talking heads , and on .
The place is a treasure trove of ever - changing art , as new artists come in and add to , alter , replace the work done by their forebears .
Spread over 6 floors and the roof , every wall a blank canvas waiting for the lick of aerosol paint .
Phew .
Wow .
She reads the gothic text , comes up blank .
I ’ve been to this place before , at night , shooting by flash .
See that post here , and perhaps you ’ll notice some of the changes .
Wall monster .
Evil eye .
KANE , one of the foremost artists there .
Gate - keeper , standing by the ruined entrance .
Talking heads .
She ’s ready for her close - up , I think .
Mad epic goblin action .
Do n’t get near its tail .
Smokin ’
A typical wall .
Beauty and stencils .
World painted over a rapturous woman .
Baseball player on the bathroom tiles .
Evil thing crawling along the green wall .
That famous chick I see everywhere , Warhol -ized .
He looks like a jelly blob to me .
Fancy block tagging .
Nun counsels a nekkid hottie .
FACTFILE
Location – Kanagawa .
Entry – Easy , straight in .
Highlights – Grafitti , film - makers , mountains , memories .
RUINS / HAIKYO
You can see all MJG ’s Ruins / Haikyo explorations here :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
You wo n't believe your eyes – Click above image to watch video after the jump
Years and years ago , we saw punk rock legend Mike Watt break an E - string on his bass during a fIREHOSE show .
Without missing a beat , he yanked a new string from beside his amp , slid it through the bridge , tied it around the tuning peg and with a single twist his bass was back in tune .
The whole shebang from snapped string to next note took perhaps three seconds and the song never stopped .
It was amazing ; truly one of the most impressive things we 've ever seen .
Until today .
You 're just going to have watch this to believe it .
However , we 'd like to take this opportunity to tell you that if you happen to have an old VW Bug and a screwdriver sitting around , you should totally NOT try this at home , as odds are you 'll lose a knuckle or three .
Why ?
You sir , are not superhuman .
This guy , however , is .
Make the jump to watch the video [ Source : Streetfire
End of Empire – Propaganda and the American Myth
“ Oh what a tangled web we weave , when first we practice to deceive ” ….ourselves .
With apologies to Sir Walter Scott .
If only life were as neat and orderly as my ancient history text book showed it to be .
There it was on glossy paper , spread out across two sets of adjoining pages , maps of the ancient and modern world .
Including time lines top and bottom , with countries outlined and identified .
Underneath their modern English names were one or two older names in smaller stylized script , often including exact beginning and end dates .
I remember one in particular that caught my eye .
“ United States of America ” followed by the year 1776 .
But with no end date indicated , it looked like unfinished business to me .
You ’ve got to love those historians and their exact dates .
Of course , in reality there are no exact dates for the birth and death of city / states , other than in the author ’s mind .
Children continue to be born , the old still die , and life goes on under different circumstances .
But you ’re rarely informed of the subjective nature of historical events when you ’re young and impressionable , so they ’re presented in the history books as fact .
The last thing the reigning Empire wants is to appear uncertain about previous Empires .
Even before we begin to read and comprehend on our own , we ’re presented with the illusion of a beginning and end to everything , often with very clear lines of demarcation .
This concept is continuously reinforced through our daily indoctrination of carefully scripted news stories , care of our modern media saturated existence .
Naturally , critical thinking is optional and definitively not encouraged .
Mix in a healthy dose of hard core science , where you learn very early there are correct and incorrect answers to all your questions , and a pattern of social myth making emerges .
Of course , the correct answers are held for public safekeeping by our cultural high priests and authority figures , be they academic , governmental , scientific or religious .
Lest you forget , cultural icons and heroes must always be respected and deferred to .
Maybe now ’s a good time to remember that most history and science books are written and re-written by those very same keepers of the public mythology .
What we believe as a culture , sometimes called our public myth , is usually determined by those whose pockets are the deepest or most powerful , not by those who are the wisest and most knowledgeable .
Have you ever read a book written by the survivors of the vanquished , the so called losers ?
I have , a number of times , and it ’s usually very enlightening to see the world from the other side of the bloody divide .
In their hands , our cultural myths are n’t treated with the same loving care and respect we afford them , nor should they be .
But of course they must be lying because they have an ax to grind .
Revisionist history is how those in power politely describe the writings of the defeated and the victims crushed in the head long rush of conquering empire .
The public myth tells us that the losers can do nothing but taut the victorious with their lies .
Ignore them and they ’ll go away .
Besides , the winners never lie about the facts , though we ’re told there ’s plenty of room for differences of opinion .
And just about everything can be reduced to an opinion if you ’re looking to obscure .
Of course , one of the unspoken duties of the winners is to distort the written and visual record , so that it conforms to the public myth .
This is the principle reason why recently retired or replaced holders of powerful governmental and military positions are handed huge advances to write their memoirs .
These sacred tomes of divine wisdom are quickly embraced by other propagandists as the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help their Gods of propaganda .
Once in hand , it ’s quickly woven into the fabric of the public myth as supporting documentation .
Thus another slice of the propaganda cycle is complete and ready for its next rotation .
We possess extremely complex belief systems and world views .
How they develop and evolve is greatly influenced by external information sources we rarely question or challenge .
After all , these sources are our cultural authority figures , the experts , professionals and intelligentsia that form our cultural propaganda delivery and support system .
These sources cannot be seriously questioned , particularly from within , without being declared a heretic .
Just look at how Zero Hedge , and other non-conforming web sites , are treated as an example of how heresy is handled these days .
While we may not pay much attention to everything we hear or see , our unconscious is absorbing it all , raw and unfiltered .
This information feeds into and supports our world view with little conscious thought or scrutiny .
This is the reason why repetition is so vitally important to effective propaganda .
Our brain always absorbs even when we do not look and listen .
It ’s shocking to realize how seldom we change our basic beliefs or understanding when confronted with new information that normally would affect change .
Instead , we bend or ignore facts to fit our established world view .
John Maynard Keynes once said “ When the facts change , I change my opinion .
What do you do , sir ? ”
Sadly most people do n’t subscribe to this logical practice .
Instead , conformation bias and denial are the tools we use to manage and manipulate information to our liking .
And there are plenty of governmental , corporate and private citizens ready to help us accomplish this through deliberate and targeted propaganda .
The most common personal warning sign that this is happening is the pain of cognitive dissonance , which is usually set off when new information is in conflict with long established and dearly held views .
Rarely do we push through this cognitive pain to reappraise our inventory of established truths for validity or relevance .
It ’s so much easier to discard ugly deviations , or cherry pick information that confirms our preferred vision , rather than conduct the top to bottom review that ’s called for when the facts change .
Intellectual laziness is the polite term for this phenomenon .
I think a more honest explanation is deliberate and mostly conscious denial .
However , even when I ’m alert for and aware of this phenomenon , I ’m still surprised how often I participate .
It ’s frightening to see how deeply conditioned we are in the art of self deception .
The truth hurts , so I employ the most powerful pain killer know to man , that of denial .
It ’s extremely difficult to reject popular opinion and strike out on our own independent path .
Group think is indoctrinated into us from birth and socially rewarded at every turn .
It ’s emotionally safer and more comfortable if you stay near the center of the pack .
Herd mentality in all its glory , which is corralled by the public myth and which we too are the keepers .
I often say all writers are essentially propagandists and that applies to me as well .
I ’m using this forum to cherry pick information which I then present in the most compelling manner to make my case .
In effect , I ’m feeding you my spin , which along with other pieces can be used to build a myth .
The most effective propaganda is that whose basic premise is slipped by the reader or TV viewer so smoothly it ’s never recognized .
Once the premise is planted and accepted , the hard work is done and the fish is quickly reeled in .
What ’s that you say ?
You ’re too smart to let the wool be pulled over your eyes ?
That you can discern truth from lies and would eventually figure it out given enough time and inclination ?
Honestly ask yourself , how much effort would you put into examining something you already believe to be true ?
Would n’t you deem it a major waste of your time ?
Consider the premise I put forth in the title of this article .
Did you notice ?
Did you question ?
Or did you accept and start to read ?
Most people see information as chunks of data that can be compartmentalized , examined and manipulated .
But rarely do we recognize that many of the truths we hold as impeccable are based upon long lines of information .
If at any point this information could be proven false , the entire line is suspect , along with your impeccable truth .
Consider a long string of mathematical calculations .
While there may be dozens of individual problems with separate answers , each answer then feeds into another calculation as a sum or variable .
Make a mistake at any point in the line and the entire data stream is corrupt .
How we view our world is based upon many preconceived notions and beliefs .
Change just one small piece we previously thought correct and everything changes to some extent .
Change two or three and suddenly we have a crisis of confidence and a cognitive dissonance .
Yet when we feel that pain , how often do we reboot and reexamine everything ?
Why would you reexamine what you think you know to be correct , particularly when most everyone else is in agreement ?
Peer pressure and conditioning are hard to resist , even in the privacy of your own mind .
“ We are never deceived ; we deceive ourselves . ” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
My basic premise and the basis for this series of articles is that the American Empire is ending .
In fact , it has peaked and is now in rapid decline .
While I ca n’t offer an exact date for this change of direction , it does n’t diminish my argument in the least .
I ’d be hard pressed to give you the date for the decline of the Roman Empire , but clearly it followed the same trajectory .
Did Rome ’s downward spiral start when the capital was moved to Constantinople in 330 AD ?
Or when Rome was sacked by the Visigoths in 410 AD ?
It matters little at this point , except to the historians .
While America descends , China and India ascend .
Actually I would argue that while Empires come and go , the culture of environmental and human exploitation and destruction we call civilization has grown in efficiency over the past 3000 years .
We Americans now stand proudly at the pinnacle of the insanity , picking up where the Romans and Europeans left off .
I ’ll leave that thought for another day but I think you get my point .
America as a social and financial entity ceased to function at peak efficiency decades ago .
This rapid decline is the main reason behind the massive increase in financial engineering , which is now coming apart at the seams , deliberately in my view .
To argue over this or that detail is to be in denial of the obvious .
In fact , I consider the official bickering over these details as a deliberate attempt to distort and distract while the final looting and rape occurs .
Using propaganda and other psychological operations , our leaders lie about the economic condition of America .
They do so not because they expect the lie to withstand close scrutiny , but rather to enable those who wish to believe the lie a plausible excuse to do so .
Remember our conditioning .
When in doubt , defer to authority and suspend disbelief .
A classic sales technique is the assumed consent close .
Rather than directly asking you to purchase this new car , I simply assume you are purchasing and begin asking you closing questions .
“ Do you prefer the red one we looked at first or the blue convertible with the beige interior ?
Could you please get your insurance card out of the glove box before you clean out your car ?
Just sign here and here .
Thanks . ”
You ’d be surprised how many new automobiles , rooms of household furniture , whole life insurance , variable annuities and pieces of expensive jewelry are sold in this manner .
Something similar to this technique is being used by the mass media to sell us something we already wish to buy .
Only they are n’t selling the death of America , but rather its remarkable resilience and miraculous comeback .
We ’re being sold false hope , disguised as assumed consent questions such as , should we audit the Fed , can we expand healthcare with a public option , will Son of Stimulus be rolled out by the first or second quarter of 2010 , should we …….. well , you get the picture .
False hope binds us to impossible conditions and situations .
Please read that statement again and then let it sink in for a minute .
As long as we believe there ’s residual value in keeping America on life support , we ’ll continue to pour borrowed money into this mess , rather than roll up the derivatives , fire the managers and start over .
We do n’t wish to face the reality that we ’re in way over our heads .
As long as we ’re not forced to look too closely at the horrible condition our country ’s in , we ’re all too willing to do our part and avoid applying critical thinking to the subject .
Like an old bull unknowingly led to slaughter because he thinks he ’s off to mount another cow , we ’re desperately trying to keep alive the magical American myth of life , liberty and apple pie while shielding our eyes from the rotting corpse it ’s rapidly becoming .
That ’s probably too harsh for the average American ’s sensibilities , but let ’s ask ourselves a few questions in an effort to find the truth , or at least something approaching the truth as we know it .
Let me be clear on something before I get flamed for my harsh tongue .
I ’m not America bashing in the least .
I ’m America myth bashing .
The American myth of exceptionalism is enabling her destruction as we stand idly by , applauding the mythical facade our leaders and media display 24 / 7 .
As long as we cling to the hope that all she needs is a tune up and some minor repairs , we ’re condemned to a long and painful death spiral .
We ’re being sold exactly what we want to hear when we need to hear it .
To claim otherwise is to lie to ourselves and to each other .
America is crumbling from the foundation up , and yet we gather around the TV , talking about a fresh paint job and a new screen door , both bought on credit , while handing our grandchildren a bill they ’ll never be able to pay .
The only way we can live with this lie while perpetrating these despicable acts upon our own family members is to deny it ’s even happening .
The big lie , which we must continue to tell ourselves , has taken on a life of its own and is consuming everyone and everything in its path .
We are addicted to our own public myth and to sustain the lie , we simply ignore the truth .
The only way to break through this lie is to go back through decades of propaganda and myth and find out what went wrong .
Since this would be too painful , both individually and as a society , we distort reality as quickly as we change cable channels .
It ’s not just our leaders who are corrupt but we as well .
We have become cowardly , unwilling to commit to the tough decision of setting aside instant gratification in order to assure our grandchildren a home to live in .
This is the ultimate act of selfishness , compounded by the fact that we claim we ’ve been hijacked by our leaders .
Sadly , our leaders are doing exactly what we want them to do , which is to continue the lie .
Did we really think we could put our toys and war machines on the charge card and not worry about the bill , just because some politicians said we could ?
What are we , 5 year olds , pointing our fingers elsewhere when asked who broke the vase ?
Even if we personally followed the path of fiscal prudence , why did n’t we scream bloody murder , demanding we stop this insanity before the country began its suicidal plunge ?
Why do we still remain silent ?
Our hands are bloody and the only question is , how much is yours and how much is mine .
Citizenship is all about individual responsibility , something we ’ve been avoiding for a while now , at least since we started calling ourselves consumers .
Look at the endless propaganda on TV that ’s used to lull us back into a drugged stupor , so we do n’t dwell on what we ’re doing to our children ’s children .
American flags wave in the background as chiseled men and full breasted women expound on how wonderful we are for building and loving this great nation of ours .
The great American love story , brought to you nightly on prime time TV .
This is where the bad guys always loose , men are men and women are sexual objects to lust after .
Watch closely children , this is the American dream .
Why would n’t we love America the myth ?
It ’s everything we want without the pain .
Nationalism is our unifying religion , a potentially fatal addiction to our public myth that enables us to fiddle while America burns .
More drugs over here doctor , the patient ’s waking up .
So how do we deal with this , and what does this have to do with Zero Hedge ?
Well , I would say it has everything to do with ZH , but then again I ’m just a propagandist , weaving my magical myth .
But to be honest , in desperation I ’m seeking another way , a different path .
I ’m tired of moving in and out of the various stages of loss and grief .
One moment I ’m screaming at my zombie neighbor , imploring him to wake up and see the insanity .
The next I ’m filled with self righteous indignation as another patsy banker ’s head is placed on the public pike .
Sometimes I start my morning bargaining with unseen powers , begging for a truce or cease fire , only to end my day crying in my hands in fear and frustration of it all .
And I ’m not alone .
Zero Hedge seems to be a refuge for the walking wounded , a safe haven inside occupied territory for the psychically damaged and demoralized .
But we need more than rest and relaxation in order to regain our feet .
We need to heal and grow our ranks , to find a way to help ourselves and those who follow us into the refuge .
Surrounded by lies and deceit , we are indoctrinated to such an extent that we still speak the language of denial without realizing it .
We have no choice but to start at the beginning .
While Zero Hedge speaks truth to power , we need to speak truth to ourselves , to talk openly about what has happened and where we ’re going .
Part of the seduction of denial is the avoidance of personal responsibility .
In my view this must stop , thus my declaration that we ’re all responsible for this mess .
I have no doubt America can be repaired but the process starts at the personal level .
From a financial point of view , I ’m sure we ’ve all held a winning trade past its prime , giving back money we should have booked .
And who has n’t kept a dog way too long , when we should have thrown it overboard months ago ?
While I ’m certain there are multiple reasons for poor investment performance , a fearless and thorough examination often shows that bad investment decisions are the result of personal shortcomings , such as wishful thinking or denial .
For myself , when this happens , I find I ’ve violated one or more of my trading rules .
They are as follows .
One , know myself , particularly my strengths and weaknesses .
Two , know my trading environment or do n’t play in the sandbox .
Three , always consider the other side of trade .
If I ’m buying , why is the other guy selling ?
If I ’m selling , why is the other guy buying ?
Look for weakness in my thinking .
Four , from time to time , mentally clear my computer screen of existing positions and then follow step three with each holding .
If I would n’t buy or sell it now , why am I holding it ?
Five , trust my instincts , not my heart .
My heart lies to me all the time with plenty of help from my brain .
Instinctually I usually know when to buy or sell but often I ignore my gut feeling and wind up screwing the pooch .
Over the years I ’ve found that too much thinking gets in the way and often makes things worse .
These trading rules , as with life itself , requires a clear eyed view and a deeper understanding of ourselves , our fellow man and the real world , not as we wish to see it but as it really is .
Unfortunately we still engage in wishful thinking way too often , constantly pushing the hope “ dope ” button and regretting it afterwards .
Considering the direction our world is headed , it ’s going to be more difficult to think clearly unless we make personal changes .
Old habits die hard because we desperately cling to them for emotional support .
Understanding why we do this will go a long way to helping us jettison that old baggage .
Even if we are trapped on the crazy train to hell , just because we ca n’t get off does n’t mean we must participate in the insanity .
So with the active participation of my fellow Zero Hedge readers , I would like to continue this exploration in a series of “ End of Empire ” articles , each time focusing on a different aspect of the unraveling .
We need to develop our intellectual , emotional and financial coping techniques .
Of particular importance to me will be the comments and feedback I get from you , for I assure you I do n’t have all the answers .
This is n’t a rally to arms but rather a cry for help .
Either we heal as a community or we continue to hemorrhage , alone and isolated .
It ’s going to be a wild ride so let ’s buckle up and do this together .
After all , there ’s safety in numbers , inside the new herd mentality of Zero Hedge .
The widely criticised pile of rubbish that won this year 's Waikato National Contemporary Art Award was well worthy of the title , says the artistic mastermind behind it .
Auckland artist Dane Mitchell , currently an artist in residence in Berlin , won the $ 15,000 prize for Collateral , the binned packaging from other award entries that he instructed gallery staff to throw together as his exhibit .
Mr Mitchell said Collateral was neither cynical , provocative , or mocking , but was very context - specific .
" I was interested in exposing or playing with the mechanism of the award itself , " he said .
" I wanted to utilise the context .
The work is quite reliant on the context of the judge and museum being implicated . "
He compared his pile of rubbish to Marcel Duchamp 's 1919 work , Unhappy Readymade , which consisted of a set of instructions for hanging a geometry textbook in the wind for a designated period of time .
" There is a very long and well established history and tradition of works of this kind .
It is not controversial at all .
I did n't make it with the expectation of provoking other artists . "
Mr Mitchell said he was astonished by the reaction .
" Today I had a call from the BBC World Service .
I have been surprised by the level of conversation around it , absolutely .
" The form was very secondary to the idea , " he said .
" I did n't know how it would turn out , but it is quite marvellous looking . "
But was it worthy of $ 15,000 ?
" As much as any other work in the finals . " .
Mr Mitchell would not be sharing the prizemoney with the gallery staff who put it together and defended the $ 5250 price tag he has on it .
Australian scientists are trying to lower the carbon footprint of the nation 's livestock by selectively breeding sheep that emit less gas through burping .
Agriculture produces about 16 per cent of Australia 's greenhouse gas emissions and two - thirds of that is methane produced by farm animals .
It is commonly thought methane produced by sheep is flatulence , but John Goopy from the New South Wales Department of Industry says that is a misconception .
" Ninety per cent of the methane that sheep and cattle and goats produce comes from the rumen , and that 's burped out .
Not much goes behind ; that 's horses , " he said .
At a research station in Glen Innes in the state 's north - west , scientists are focusing on exactly how much each sheep can burp .
Roger Hegarty from the Sheep Cooperative Research Council says by testing 200 animals from 20 different sires , they can work out who produces what .
" I do n't know if you have ever been inside a sheep 's tummy , but it 's the most fascinating part of the ecology , " he said .
" There are predators , pathogens , and we 're trying to get a handle on who the organisms are and how we can play the system to get them to produce less methane and more of something useful . "
Each sheep is fed , then shepherded into a booth .
Over a short period of time , scientists can get an exact reading of their output , then compare the results .
" We find sheep that do sit underneath the line in terms of how much methane they produce compared to predictions , and sheep that are over the top , " Mr Hegarty said .
The best indicator of how much methane livestock produce is based on how much they eat .
Cattle produce about 70 kilograms of methane a year and sheep produce about one - tenth of that .
The long - term goal is to genetically breed a sheep that produces less methane .
" Genetically creating sounds a bit scary , " Mr Hegarty said .
" [ Actually ] we 're looking for natural variations so we 'll steer the population that way . "
Even in its preliminary stages , these scientists are confident their research will produce a sheep that burps less .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran ’s military said it will begin large - scale air defense drills on Sunday , and a cleric in the Revolutionary Guards warned that the Islamic Republic would fire missiles at “ the heart of Tel Aviv ” if attacked .
EDITORS ' NOTE : Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on their ability to film or take pictures in Tehran .
An Iranian Tondar missile is ready for launch during a test at an unknown location in central Iran September 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Fars News / Ali Shayegan
The war games , due to last five days , are intended to help protect Iran ’s nuclear facilities , Iranian media reported , citing Brigadier General Ahmad Mighani .
The statements came a day after senior officials from six world powers said they were disappointed Iran had not accepted proposals intended to delay its potential to make nuclear weapons , and urged Tehran to reconsider .
The United States , Russia , China , Germany , Britain and France met after U.S. President Barack Obama warned there could be a package of sanctions against Iran within weeks .
The United States and Israel have not ruled out military action if diplomacy fails to resolve the row over Iranian nuclear work that the West suspects is aimed at making bombs .
Iran , which says its nuclear program is solely to generate electricity , has threatened to hit back at Israel and U.S. bases in the Gulf if it is attacked .
“ If the enemy should want to test its bad luck in Iran , before the dust from its missiles settles in this country , Iran ’s ballistic missiles would land in the heart of Tel Aviv , ” said cleric Mojtaba Zolnour , IRNA news agency reported .
Zalnour is a deputy of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ’s representative in the Revolutionary Guards , who will be staging the defense drills together with the regular armed forces .
“ This week ’s air defense maneuvers will be held with the intention of protecting the country ’s nuclear facilities , ” Mighani said , Fars News Agency reported .
He is the head of the armed forces ’ air defense headquarters .
“ ZIONISTS ’ PRESSURE ”
Iran often holds defense exercises and announces advances in military equipment in order to show its readiness to counter any threats over its disputed nuclear program .
IRNA , Iran ’s official news agency , said the maneuvers would take place in western Iran and that they would be “ huge . ”
Mighani also suggested Iran could itself produce an advanced missile defense system which Russia has so far failed to deliver to the Islamic state and which Washington and Israel do not want Tehran to have .
Iran believes Russia ’s delay in supplying high - grade S-300 missiles is due to pressure by Israel , not technical problems as cited by Moscow , Mighani said .
Moscow , which is under Western pressure to distance itself from Iran over the nuclear dispute , has not followed through on proposals to ship the missiles to the Middle East country .
Iranian officials have over the last few weeks voiced growing frustration at Russia ’s failure to deliver the S -300 .
“ They have declared technical problems as the underlying reason for this delay , but we think it has been due to the Zionists ’ pressure , ” Mighani said , Fars reported .
“ We are hopeful the Russians will ignore the pressure of the Zionist lobby . ”
Iran , which does not recognize the Jewish state , refers to Israel as the “ Zionist regime . ”
“ In various maneuvers , new and modern missile networks will be used and evaluated , including the advanced S - 300 missiles , for which the production capability exists in Iran , ” IRNA quoted Mighani as saying , without elaborating .
A senior lawmaker , Alaeddin Boroujerdi , earlier this month also said Iran would be able to produce the S - 300 system itself , appearing to refer to missiles with similar capabilities .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised Russia last month for not providing the missiles to Iran .
The truck - mounted S - 300PMU1 , known in the West as the SA - 20 , can shoot down cruise missiles and aircraft .
It can fire at targets up to 150 km ( 90 miles ) away .
It seems like only yesterday I was designing my first website .
The year was 1997 and apparently I had an affinity to blue lightning bolts and animated gifs of my initials .
When the project was complete , I had created the most beautiful design I ’d ever seen .
At least that ’s what I believed at the time .
Looking back at that design now is quite embarrassing .
I ’m sure most of us have been there , but what about popular websites today ?
Do you ever wonder how they looked in the early days ?
In this article , we ’re going to travel back in time and see how some of the most popular websites today looked in their beginning , and how their design has evolved through the years .
Click on the images for a larger view .
2000
2003
2008
2009
1998
2003
2008
2009
2004
2009
1996
2000
2009
1996
2003
2009
2000
2004
2008
2009
1999
2009
2000
2009
2002
2009
1999
2003
2009
2001
2009
Howard Hirsch , an insurance executive from Lomita , Calif. , was laid off two years ago , and it took him a few months to find work .
Now the family is very cost - conscious – and he knows that can't help but affect his sons , ages 9 and 11 .
" They see that my wife and I are stressed .
They see we are financially stressed .
They see they can't do some of the things we used to do .
We do n't go out to eat as much .
We do n't go to movies as often .
We have to explain to them there 's financial issues and we need to conserve our money .
" We try to ease their concerns by talking to them , but I think it does make them stressed .
They 're worried about whether we would be able to support their fundraiser at school or do extracurricular activities . "
What 's worrying young people
Worrying about school and about their family 's finances are causing the most stress for kids , according to the American Psychological Association , which for the first time included young people ages 8 to 17 in its annual Stress in America survey , released Tuesday .
Among findings :
• 44 % of young people say doing well in school was a source of stress .
• 30 % worry about their family having enough money .
• 10 % felt pressure over their extracurricular activities .
• 8 % say relationships with their parents were a source of stress .
The survey of 1,206 young people and 1,568 adults , conducted over the summer by Harris Interactive , found that parents underestimated the level of stress children feel and the causes of that stress , often thinking that family relationships or activities cause more stress than children say they actually do .
That does n't surprise psychologist Georgia Witkin of New York City .
For her book KidStress , published in 2000 , she surveyed about 1,500 young people and found that " parents were totally wrong about what they thought would stress the kids . "
School also was the major worry for children in her survey , while parents assumed children were worried about " the pressure of so many activities , " she says .
" They were afraid kids would be on overload , " she says .
" That was n't even on the kids ' radar .
They said the only stressful part of all the activities is that 'my mother gets so stressed driving me around . ' "
Lots of activities OK
Gabby and Izzy Cano , 11 - year - old twins from Alexandria , Va. , are cases in point .
The sixth - graders are involved in lots of activities , but their busy lives do n't seem to cause them much stress .
They 're leaders on the student council at school , where Izzy is president and Gabby is secretary .
They 're wrapping up soccer season ( three times a week ) and will start a weekly dance class this winter .
They also take weekly cooking classes and are enrolled in violin lessons at school .
" Sometimes it 's pretty busy , but it 's not too busy , " Izzy says .
In the survey , 63 % of the 235 parents who were among participating adults said they believed their stress levels had slight or no influence on their child 's stress levels .
But psychologists say that does n't reflect reality .
" If you ask the typical adult whether children are worried about the economy , you 'd say , ' Of course not .
They only have to worry about school , ' " says pediatrician Kenneth Ginsburg , an associate professor at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia and at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .
He says young people " absolutely worry about the things they see us worry about . "
Says Hirsch 's older son , Jonathan , who is in sixth grade : " I worry every day on little things .
I talk about most of my worries to my parents .
One of them is my dog leaving .
She almost got away once .
This year I have a lot more worries than last year .
The holiday season is coming up and I 'm wondering if I 'm going to get any presents at all . "
Child psychiatrist Stanley Greenspan , a clinical professor at George Washington University Medical School in Washington , D.C , says parents need to discuss stress with children .
" There is no sense in shielding them from something they already kind of know , like what they may see or hear in the news , " he says .
Gabby Cano says she sometimes worries " about the problems of the world . "
" You kind of want to help , but it 's not easy to know what to do . "
A group of Senate Democrats led by Russ Feingold ( WI ) and Dick Durbin ( IL ) have proposed the Judicious Use of Surveillance Tools in Counter - terrorism Efforts ( JUSTICE )
Act , a bill that would introduce stronger safeguards and higher standards of judicial oversight for surveillance activity .
It aims to reform the most abusive characteristics of the PATRIOT Act and would also roll back a controversial provision of the FISA Amendment
Act that granted telecom companies retroactive immunity for their participation in the Bush administration 's extralegal warrantless surveillance program .
The proposal is broadly endorsed by privacy advocates and civil liberties groups , including the American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Senator Feingold says that the goal of the act is to ensure that surveillance and intelligence - gathering activities are properly empowered while guaranteeing that rights are respected and investigative privileges are not misused .
" Every single member of Congress wants to give our law enforcement and intelligence officials the tools they need to keep Americans safe , " Feingold said in a statement .
" The JUSTICE Act permits the government to conduct necessary surveillance , but within a framework of accountability and oversight .
It ensures both that our government has the tools to keep us safe , and that the privacy and civil liberties of innocent Americans will be protected . "
The National Security Letter ( NSL ) provision of the PATRIOT
Act is one area in particular where the JUSTICE
Act would institute new safeguards .
PATRIOT
Act allows federal law enforcement agents to use an NSL , instead of a court order , to obtain private records .
Civil liberties advocates fear that the lack of appropriate judicial oversight applied to NSLs creates a very high risk of abuse .
Indeed , a Department of Justice audit in 2007 found evidence of serious irregularities .
Several components of the PATRIOT
Act , including a highly controversial provision that enforced a " gag order " against NSL recipients , were deemed unconstitutional and were later stricken .
The JUSTICE Act mandates use of the " least intrusive means " of information collection .
It imposes limitations on the process that law enforcement agencies use to gain expedited emergency access to information .
It also establishes new tracking and reporting requirements to ensure that NSL usage will receive a higher level of Congressional scrutiny .
One of the most significant aspects of the JUSTICE
Act is that it will remove the retroactive immunity grants that were given to the telecom companies that participated in the NSA warrantless surveillance program .
The companies that cooperated with the surveillance program likely violated several laws , including section 222 of the Communications Act , which prohibits disclosure of network customer information .
The immunity grants have prevented the telecommunications companies that voluntarily participated in this program from being held accountable in court .
If the JUSTICE Act is passed , then litigation against the telecom companies can move forward .
Such litigation could be instrumental in determining the scope of illegal activity that was perpetrated under the aegis of the NSA 's surveillance program .
The previous administration fought fiercely against that kind of scrutiny during Bush 's presidency .
Although President Obama initially supported holding the telecom companies accountable , he reversed his position and voted in favor of telecom immunity while still in the Senate .
It 's unclear if Obama will support the JUSTICE Act .
Listing image by http://www.flickr.com/photos/adselwood/
Ruby と MessagePack - RPC
があれば、簡単なkey - valueストレージは簡単に作れます。54行で書けます（レプリケーションと負荷分散機能付き。サーバー38行、クライアント16行）。
簡単なKVSをベースにして、ログ集計や遠隔デプロイ、遠隔管理機能などの機能を追加していけば、ちょっと便利なサーバープログラムをサクサク自作できるハズ。
この分散KVSは、（keyのハッシュ値 % サーバーの台数）番目のサーバーにkeyを保存します。また、サーバーの名前順でソートしたときの「次のサーバー」と「次の次のサーバー」にデータをレプリケーションします。
すべてのサーバーで同じ設定ファイルを使います。サーバーごとの設定は引数を自分のホスト名に書き換えるだけなので、デプロイが容易です。
MessagePack - RPC for Ruby を使うと、分散しないkey - valueストレージ*1は以下のように書けます：
require ' msgpack / rpc ' class KVServer def initialize @hash = {} end def get ( key ) @hash [ key ] end def set ( key , value ) @hash [ key ] = value end end svr = MessagePack :: RPC :: Server .new svr.listen ( ' 0.0.0.0 ' , ' 3030 ' , KVServer .new ) svr.run
と 、20行足らずで実装できます。
クライアントは以下のようになります：
require ' msgpack/rpc ' cli = MessagePack :: RPC :: Client .new ( ' 127.0.0.1 ' , 3030 ) cli.timeout = 5 cli.call ( : set , " key1 " , " val1 " ) puts cli.call ( : get , " key1 " )
このコードにレプリケーションと負荷分散の機能を追加すると、githubにあるソースコードのようになります：http://github.com/frsyuki/simple-kvs
コマンド1発でサーバー群を起動 & テストできるようになっているので、実際に動かしてみます：
$ gem install msgpack - rpc $ gem install chukan $ git clone git://github.com/frsyuki/simple-kvs.git
&& cd simple - kvs $ ./ test .rb
MessagePack - RPC for Ruby で作る分 散KVSでした。
Semanario Verdad Latinoamericana reports that nurses in a Bolivian hospital are forced to wear a hijab veil at their jobs .
The article , Bolivia : enfermeras son obligadas a llevar velo , says that state newspaper Cambio ( link to their website here , but no link to their report on the hospital ) reported that following a donation of $ 1.2 million USdollars by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad during his visit Wednesday last week , the nurses at a hospital in El Alto have to wear a veil due to conditions set by Iran .
— — — — — — — ——————-
The Carnival of Latin America and the Caribbean will be up later today .
Thousands of women were burnt at the stake after arbitrary trials
By Bob Chaundy
Witches remain a significant cultural presence centuries after thousands of women , and men , accused of sorcery were burned at the stake .
But what caused the craze for burning witches , and why did it stop ?
If you 're offered a trick or treat on Halloween , it 's quite likely to be by someone dressed as a witch .
It used to be said that those who travel on the night of 31 October should cross a piece of bread with salt in order to avoid a witch 's evil clutches .
In the 16th and 17th centuries in particular , they had a simpler method .
They executed them .
Children dress up as witches without understanding the brutal history A frenzy of witch - hunts took place during this time in Europe , mostly in German - speaking parts , with an estimated 60,000 people put to death .
In mainland Europe and Scotland they burned them , with the peak period between 1580 and 1662 often referred to as The Burning Times .
England and its colonies in north America preferred hanging .
This was a time when many believed in the supernatural and misfortune was thought to be the work of the Devil or his servants .
There was a widespread belief in Europe that a strong nation was one that had a uniform religious faith .
By consorting with the Devil , " witches " were committing treason and were punishable by courts enforcing anti-witchcraft statutes .
The witches , of course , were nothing like the stereotype of the carbuncled hags shrieking incantations around a cauldron full of devilish potions .
They were ordinary people who were often the convenient scapegoats for anything from a death in the village to the failure of crops .
Individuals would often have been branded a witch after falling out with a neighbour .
When a great fear takes hold of society , that society looks naturally to the stereotype of the enemy in its midst
Hugh Trevor - Roper
There was no average witch .
Alhough most would be poor and elderly , this would vary from region to region .
The accused were not even all women .
Around a quarter of those executed were men .
England 's most famous were the Pendle Witches from Lancashire who were convicted of murdering 17 people in 1612 .
Their prosecutors argued they had sold their souls to the Devil in return for being able to lame or kill anyone they pleased .
The trial was meticulously documented and appeared the following year in book form .
Enormous crowds flocked to Lancaster Gaol to watch 10 " witches " - eight women and two men - die on the gallows .
In the famous Salem Witch Trials in Massachusetts in 1692 , more than 200 individuals were " cried out against " as witches by so - called " afflicted children " .
Of the suspects , 19 were eventually convicted and hanged .
Their accusations were believed because children were then considered to be natural witch - finders .
In her book , A Mirror of Witchcraft , Christina Hole points out that 17th Century English villages routinely used children in this way and that many became quite famous .
Not all Christian countries burnt witches in large numbers
In Scotland , where nearly 4,000 people died during a frenetic period of witch trials between 1590 and 1662 , one of the popular types of evidence used against suspects was the Devil 's Mark .
When his followers made their pact with him , the Devil supposedly left his mark , usually an insensitive spot , upon him or her .
Professional witch prickers were employed in the country to search for them .
Eventually , witch pricking came to be seen as fraudulent , and soon the whole notion of witchcraft was being discredited .
There had been growing scepticism even at the time that many witch - hunts had been about score settling and that innocent people were being executed .
The use of torture to exact convictions became increasingly regarded as unreliable .
Witch trials became more rigorous in the evidence they accepted .
Many of the accusers at the Salem trials had claimed to have seen spectres or apparitions of the people supposedly doing them harm .
Many prominent figures of authority wrote books and pamphlets shortly afterwards pouring scorn on this phenomenon .
In his biography of one of the judges , Samuel Sewall , author Richard Francis argues that the aftermath of the trials marked the birth of the modern age when the US found its conscience .
Witch prickers and children were used to condemn people The Age of Enlightenment , with its emphasis on reason and logic , was beginning in Europe and natural causes began to replace the Devil as the reason behind much of society 's ills .
By 1736 , the Witchcraft Acts in England and Scotland had both been repealed .
The same happened on the continent .
Within a few years , several judges who condemned the Salem witches to their deaths admitted they had made a grave mistake .
So what had caused this witch craze ?
Modern research has debunked many myths , for example that it was church officials deliberately whipping up hysteria to rid the world of the cult of " magic " , or a controlled campaign to tackle outcasts .
Rather , as Robert W Thurston puts it in his book Witch , Wicce , Mother Goose , the witch persecutions were to do with " a profound shaking of people 's confidence that their world could survive " .
The Burning Times came in the aftermath of the Reformation , when the split in the Christian faith caused great turmoil .
Things changed with the rise of rationalism in the Enlightenment Communities were also coping with wars , and pestilence like the Black Death .
In England , the worst witch craze took place during the English Civil War .
The Thirty Years War was also gripping Germany .
In her paper , Recent Developments in the Study of the Great European Witch Hunt , Jenny Gibbons notes that most witch - hunts took place where central authority had broken down , often in border areas " where rival Christian sects fought to impose their religious views on each other " .
It was partly for this reason that local secular courts meted out the harshest judgements .
In countries like Spain , Italy and Russia , where a strong , unified Church existed , there were few witch trials .
When the threats receded , so did the panic and hysteria .
In his book The European Witch - Craze , historian Hugh Trevor - Roper wrote : " When a great fear takes hold of society , that society looks naturally to the stereotype of the enemy in its midst . "
Modern history is littered with such witch - hunts , the Holocaust being the most extreme example .
The story of the thousands of so - called witches who died a gruesome death many centuries ago still holds lessons for today .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
New Hpricot Release
Posted by Nick Sieger
It ’s with a modicum of fanfare and a cocktail of orange peel , maraschino , bitters , bourbon and vermouth that I announce the 0.8.2 release of Hpricot .
The angly thingies are just two martini glasses turned on their side , see ?
Pouring out hpricoty goodness for you .
( I do n’t know if _why imbibed alcoholic beverages but I feel the desire to raise a glass to him . )
This release is mostly a refresh ; the previous release was way back in April .
From the Git logs I can see that there were a few bug fixes since then .
Otherwise , the main addition is a modern JRuby release , thanks to Ola Bini . ( the previous was the 0.6 series ) .
This does fix a fairly old , popular JRuby bug .
As for the future of Hpricot , it ’s up to you .
I know it ’s still a trusty tool for many ; I have no grand plans to change it .
So if you encounter bugs and want to send patches , I ’m happy to serve as your curator .
1 2 3 next »
Why Adobe likes open source
by Simon Bisson and Mary Branscombe
He ’s the man who brought open source to Silicon Graphics and NEC and advisor to Warburg Pincus on how to make money investing in open source .
" At one point I got the title of open source 's undercover agent , " recalls Dave McAllister .
He was recruited by Adobe as Director of open source and standards with a specific mission : " I was hired to , a ) start an open source process and , b ) get PDF approved as an ISO standard . "
So : mission accomplished ?
The face of open source at Adobe : Dave McAllister
Adobe may not spring to mind when you think of open source and McAllister jokes that " We have what I call a hidden aggressive open source strategy ; no - one knows about us ! "
More seriously , he emphasises that to Adobe , Source is only one of the four kinds of Open – the others being Standards , Specifications and Community .
" Adobe is an open company , " he maintains .
" We deal with the community .
We run the gamut of multiple places where we deal in open .
But open for us is not about code .
On the productivity side they 're heavily into standards , if you look at CS they have pieces in the standards side , but they 're heavily into the specifications .
It is slowly being incorporated into Adobe 's DNA .
Am I done yet ?
No – there ’s still efforts to go . "
So what ’s the point of open source for a company that makes its money selling software like Photoshop ?
" It drives different business practices .
Allowing for open source to exist reduces the chances of failure ; it 's easier to try new things based on open source .
I think we see new innovation happening , not because the source is open , but because the risk is less . "
The obvious questions recur internally .
" The thing I still get asked is ‘ how do you expect us to make money if we give everything away for free ? ’ and that 's where I talk about business processes and business models . "
And in hard - nosed business terms , as Adobe open sources technologies , it attracts more developers to its tools .
The Flex SDK ( for building Flash applications in the Flex language ) has always been free , but when Adobe made it open source as well developer downloads doubled in a year ; the SDK is now downloaded around 15,000 times a month and Blaze DS , the open source technology that provides push data services for Flash and powers LiveCycle is downloaded around 8,000 times a month .
Since Adobe open sourced ActionScript 3 , SourceForce recorded over 350 active ActionScript 3 projects .
" Developers " , claims McAllister , " drive product adoption .
The tools we produce that power these platforms are attractive to this community .
Can I do a direct correlation between open sourcing Flex and selling more tools ?
I cannot .
But can I say we have doubled downloads over that time ?
Yes I can .
I do believe that having more developers means we sell more tools . "
Of course he has a much wider view of the advantages of open source than developer numbers or even reaching more platforms than Adobe could support alone .
" Innovation and adoption are key to any company ’s support of open source by releasing its own technology .
For Adobe , adoption of technologies , in any of the open categories - source , standards , specifications , community - drives innovation not so much to marginal platforms , but rather to emerging markets and concepts .
In general , we see amazing results from such interactions , even beginning with the open specification for PDF .
More recently , such technologies as PaperVision3D and FLAR ( Flash Augmented Reality ) are leading the next wave . "
Another common question internally is ‘ I decided to open source this thing ; what do I do next ? ’
Whether or not Adobe decides to move forward has less to do with the fact that there are only five people in McAllister ’s division and more to do with open sourcing making sense .
" When Adobe decides to open source something we have a substantial set of questions we lead people through .
First of all , ‘ who cares ? ’
Does anybody in the world care ?
If not , the answer is ‘ sorry , no ’ . "
McAllister agrees that he ’s pragmatic .
" There is no ‘ free ’ in open source ; there is no ‘ free ’ in free software - for Adobe , our expenses go up . "
Next : Can Flash be free ?
1 2 3 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-833273
Director of Homeland Security : “ The System Worked ”
Please follow and like us :
This was the first quote from Janet Napolitano , Director of Homeland Security about the failed attempt to blow up the Northwest Airlines plane from Amsterdam to Detroit .
“ The system worked ” .
Let ’s see , the system failed to deny the 23 year old Nigerian , Umar farouk Abmulmutallab a visa even though it was known that he might have ties to al Qaeda .
And , still knowing this , the system failed to put him on the no fly list for flights coming to the US .
How then did the system work ?
I guess , because the device failed to detonate and the passengers took matters into their own hands and subdued the man , the system worked .
Questioned further , the always nimble Napolitano , looking like a deer in the headlights , elaborated by saying : “ we notified all other aircraft in the air headed to the US from foreign airports to be alert .
That ’s good , if the bombs and bombers are already aboard it ’s always nice to know .
I have been writing about the incompetence of this woman since she was named to this job .
If you recall , she never once mentioned the terms terrorist or terrorism in her congressional approval hearing .
I ’m sure her first priority is to make sure old Umar gets his Miranda rights and is comfortable .
With help from Eric
Holder they can make sure he is treated like a dignitary .
Of course , he ca n’t be sent to Gitmo since it ’s being subtracted not added , and our vacant prison in Illinois is not quite ready to receive guests like Umar .
Interrogation is out of the question .
Even though Umar might know of another dozen plots like this , we must not do more than ask him kindly if he would like to share that information with us .
After we get him a lawyer , of course .
You want to know why Dick Cheney has been out there beating the drum about homeland security ?
This is why .
We have many bad people who want to do many bad things to us here in America and we have very incompetent people trying to protect us .
Being nice to radicals seems to be a theme of Obama and his administration .
How ’s it working in Iran ?
Nuclear work goes on and rioting in the streets against those who want to use the nuclear product is met with total silence from Washington .
Meanwhile el Qaeda recruiting seems to be doing well despite the big plan to close Gitmo at enormous expense .
We got lucky this time .
But , not because the system worked or because we have people in place who are on top of their games .
Hopefully our luck will hold until others question the person who make “ the system worked ” comment .
Then fire her and hire someone who can do the job so we can all sleep at night .
Please follow and like us :
Other Articles You Might Enjoy :
Can we talk about how much the new Cameron Crowe movie sucks ?
I mean , seriously , what was going on with that freakin ' volcano ?
And all that nonsense about the Chinese antisatellite device ?
And hoo - boy , that far - fetched third - act turn — oh , hang on .
You have n't seen the movie ?
No worries , neither have I . Neither has anyone .
It has n't actually been made yet — but the reviews are already in at Scriptshadow .
A no-frills Hollywood blog , Scriptshadow is diabolically simple :
An anonymous figure who goes by the nom de Net of Carson Reeves harvests scripts from a network of industry contacts ( including hype - conscious writers and their reps ) .
He reviews the screenplays , critiquing structure , story , and character development — basically their DNA .
Scriptshadow analyzes a screenplay for flaws and mutations months before it goes into production and years before the premiere .
( The Hoeber brothers adaptation of Warren Ellis ' graphic novel Red , starring Bruce Willis and Morgan Freeman ?
Solid .
Go see it — in like , a year or so . )
The site is the 23andMe of flicks , reviews at the zygotic level , film criticism by amniocentesis .
A precap , if you will .
Of course , that 's not why Reeves started the blog earlier this year .
He says he wanted to celebrate the writer , promote talented unknowns ( are n't most screenwriters pretty much unknowns ? ) , and acquaint newbie scribes with the art of the craft .
" I 've had so many emails from writers all over the world thanking me for making Hollywood feel closer and less intimidating , " he says .
" It 's particularly appealing to amateur screenwriters who want to know what 's selling .
You have to realize that this is information they 've wanted for years but just did n't have access to . "
Naturally , this being show business , a little handicapping crept in .
" People in the industry want to keep tabs on other scripts and writers , " Reeves says .
" What else is out there ?
Is it any good ?
Is it like mine ? "
The site draws from three inexhaustible Hollywood resources : free - floating screenplays , insecure screenwriters , and nervous studio executives eager for someone to tell them they 've done a good job — and what to do next .
Reeves says deals are rumored to have been struck — and rewrites commissioned — based on , or at least influenced by , his reviews .
Superproducer Scott Rudin , for instance , is a fan .
( Cameron Crowe presumably is not .
When Reeves posted his critique of Crowe 's script , he got an earful from someone close to the project who claims what he saw was an unfinished draft .
Reeves obligingly removed the entry . )
But all industry politicking aside , Scriptshadow is the logical next step in our increasingly impatient attitude toward the delivery of entertainment .
We 've seen the sun set on the medieval Age of Professional Reviews , the rise of the populist recap , and the boom of real - time in - theater Twitter .
The precap , however , trumps them all .
It 's the kind of access Tinsel - trolls like me have been jonesing for since the '90s , when Ain't It Cool News hooked us with preemptive trashings of preview screenings .
Right now , Scriptshadow remains mostly an insider phenomenon ; its total traffic is but a smattering of Entenmann 's crumbs in Harry Knowles ' beard .
But Reeves can see that changing .
( He is considering a commercial version of Scriptshadow , though it 's unclear what form that might take . )
" My hope , " he says , " is that we keep getting closer to the point where screenplays are enjoyed the same way novels are , as stand - alone pieces of writing . "
Sure , until someone launches Pitchshadow and we can start critiquing movies the moment Crowe says , " Jerry Maguire , now 60 , finds a crystal skull . "
Email scott_brown@wired.com .
<< ben fry
Hit the letter z , or click the word zoom to enable or disable zooming .
zipdecode
This project began a very short sketch ( a few hours ) that I created in 1999 because I was curious about how the numbering works for postal codes in the states .
A detailed description of this project ( and source code built with Processing ) can be found in my book Visualizing Data .
Updated September 2004 to add several features over the original , including zoom , some new colors ( thanks to Eugene Kuo ) , and a better zip code database ( because of all the people who emailed and were sad that they could n't find themselves ) .
Rewritten February 2014 to use JavaScript instead of Java .
On the second anniversary of controversial police raids , political activists today told MPs a new bill allowing police greater powers to search and monitor could stifle freedom of speech .
Privacy Commissioner Marie Shroff also raised concerns and recommended a raft of beefed - up safeguards to better protect people .
Parliament 's justice and electoral select committee is considering the Search and Surveillance Bill which is based on a 2007 Law Commission report and also brings together police powers which are scattered through numerous statutes .
It gives police and other law enforcement agencies increased powers such as the ability to compel people to answer questions , clone computer information and makes changes to searches and surveillance .
Several activists , arrested by police in the past , referred to the October 15 , 2007 controversial police " anti-terror raids " at Ruatoki in the Eastern Bay of Plenty and Whakatane , Palmerston North , Auckland and Wellington when appearing before the committee today .
Activist Annemarie
Thorby made an impassioned submission to MPs saying the new bill gave police powers to search without warrant any arrested or detained person , or if authorities had concerns about safety or felt their investigation would be compromised .
" They can just go straight in , they do n't need a judge 's permission , " she said .
" It 's a nightmare , it 's bordering on a police state . "
MPs emphasised the bill focused on criminals , but activists were worried it would apply to them .
Ms Thorby said the bill removed the right to silence ; allowed surveillance without warrants in some circumstances ; expanded excessively what information police could require a suspect to give and gave police search powers they could use for " fishing expeditions " .
Privacy Commissioner Marie Shroff said law enforcement needed to be balanced against invasion of privacy and while she supported the bill , she felt better safeguards were needed .
She said people should be notified , even if it was after an investigation was completed , if they had been watched .
Warrants for searches of people 's computers , including remote searching if people held information on websites , should be as specific as possible .
Another safeguard was needed around orders requiring people to produce information to authorities .
" Production orders potentially make a vast amount of information available to enforcement officers .
There need to be adequate controls , " she said .
" I think the confidence that your papers and your communications which now may be held electronically are secure from intrusion , is going to be an essential part of freedom of speech , liberty and people 's right to feel their personal information will be kept secure . "
Ms Shroff said family members ' privacy should be considered .
Issuing officers should be required to be precise about what would be covered by the orders , only judges should be able to issue the orders and there should be reporting for instance to Parliament on how they had been used .
" Safeguards applicable to search warrants such as notification and reporting should be applied to surveillance device warrants and production orders and we can't see why there should be lesser standards applied . "
Asked about concerns raised , Justice Minister Simon Power said the bill had not raised human rights issues when vetted but he was interested to hear what the select committee decided .
Have you ever heard of the marshmallow test ?
If not , let me start by saying that this is a famous experiment .
Allegedly , the experiment aimed to identify the ability of becoming successful in small kids .
In short , four year old kids were given a marshmallow , they were put in an isolated room and they were told they ’re going to get another marshmallow in a few minutes IF they wo n’t eat the first one .
But a movie is worth a thousand words :
After a few years , the kids were evaluated and researchers found out that the kids who waited for the second marshmallow were more successful than the kids who did n’t .
Out of this experiment , a concept called “ delayed gratification ” ( or deferred gratification , according to Wikipedia ) emerged .
According to this concept , people who are able to delay gratification for longer periods of time are more likely to become successful in life .
While I do agree to some extent with this concept , I do n’t really see how the marshmallow test supports this .
I gave it a lot of thought in the last few weeks , and , to be honest , I do n’t think the marshmallow experiment is about delayed gratification .
I think they got it all wrong .
The Decision
First of all , the test took for granted that the kids would really want the second marshmallow .
Like this was something that every kid in the world would do .
Something compulsory .
Well , I do n’t think all the kids are wanting 2 marshmallows in a chunk .
They may crave one marshmallow and just wo n’t care about the second one .
Kids have the ability to decide .
If they decide they would really want the second one , then the experiment will challenge their ability to delay gratification .
Without this decision , the test is not clear .
So , by just implying the kids are all wanting 2 marshmallows , the test is becoming a little blurry to me .
The Promise
Let ’s say part of the kids agreed to want the second marshmallow .
Now , they got a promise that if they follow a certain path , they will get it .
This promise is in fact a prediction .
The future was described in a certain way .
I think we ’re talking about the ability to see things that are n’t there yet .
Last time I checked , this was called vision .
The capacity to create the future out of nothing .
The kids were promised something that was n’t there and I think this is amazing : those kids were actually seeing the second marshmallow in their heads .
They pictured it before it was manifested .
The Trust
And finally , they had absolute trust that the promise will become true .
Trust is fundamental in this experiment .
If they would n’t trust the promise , they will never waited for the second marshmallow to come .
Without believing the fact that the second marshmallow will manifest , they would n’t wait .
I think the test would have yelled completely different results if they would have repeat it several times and every other time the second marshmallow would n’t manifest ( for whatever reasons : they forgot about it , the world crisis , a dishonest business partner , etc ) .
I think the results would have been surprising , to say the least .
What Makes You Successful ?
To the core , the experiment proved something fundamentally true , but the general conclusion was wrong , in my opinion .
Delayed gratification has little to do with becoming successful .
Delayed gratification is a mild form of asceticism : let ’s deprive ourselves from some really good stuff now , because we will get some great stuff later .
The only way this could work is byÂ helping you maintain focus on the target .
By staying alert and keep the goal in sight .
Nothing more .
But I do n’t think this is what really makes you successful .
The key to that is something that the experiment revealed , but nobody acknowledged so far .
The key to success is the ability to take decision ( decide you really want a second marshmallow ) , to predict the future ( picture the second marshmallow in your head , before it ’s manifested ) and trust the future will give you the second marshmallow ( if you follow a certain path ) .
In this specific experiment , the path was a restrictive one : just do n’t eat your first marshmallow , and you ’ll get a second one .
But that does n’t automatically mean you have to restrain yourself in order to become successful .
I find this experiment really fascinating , once you get over the simple layer of pleasure and gratification .
The core of the experiment is : decision , promise and trust .
How many times you decided you want something ?
How many times you pictured in your head that something before it was manifested ?
And how many times you trusted your own power that you will get that thing , if you follow a certain path ?
This is what makes you successful and , with all due respect , this has very little to do with delayed gratification .
If I would believe this theory , that would mean every successful man is a type of ascetic .
Keep delaying the gratification until they get more .
But in my experience successful people are almost always people who enjoy life more than the average .
Most of the time they ’ll taste life with much more intensity than everyone .
Now , scroll up and look at the video again .
What are you seeing ?
What is your second marshmallow right now ?
A house ?
A relationship ?
More money ?
If you decided you really want the second marshmallow , make a promise you will get it .
In the near future , you will have that thing .
It will manifest .
Just keep it in your head .
Now , just keep your focus on it .
Do n’t focus on something else , do whatever you have to in order to manifest your second marshmallow .
Â
Follow your path .
Stay there .
In less time than you think , the door will open and somebody will give you the second marshmallow .
A former Massachusetts prison inmate has been given an 18 - month prison sentence for hacking prison computers while he was incarcerated .
Francis " Frank " Janosko , 44 , was sentenced Tuesday in federal court in Boston for abusing a computer provided by the Plymouth County Correctional Facility .
The computer had been set up to help inmates with their legal research .
In 2006 , Janosko managed to circumvent computer controls and use the machine to send e-mail and cull data on more than 1,100 Plymouth County prison employees .
He gained access to sensitive information such as their dates of birth , Social Security Numbers , telephone numbers , home addresses and employment records .
The computer he used was a so - called thin client computer that simply connected to another machine on the network and did not store any data itself , prosecutors said in Janosko 's indictment .
The only program it was supposed to run was the prison 's legal research application .
However , Janosko found a way of " exploiting an idiosyncrasy in the legal research software " so he could access other programs via the terminal .
He even found a way of downloading Internet video , prosecutors said .
Following his latest prison sentence , Janosko will serve three years of supervised release , during which he is prohibited from using any Internet - connected devices without the approval of his probation officer .
Whether he will face any such restrictions in prison is unclear .
The U.S. Department of Justice could not be reached for comment late Tuesday .
Janosko pleaded guilty to one count of damaging a protected computer on Sept. 15 .
SANA'A
The past 10 months saw the highest number of Africans reaching Yemeni shores over figures for the same period in 2008 and 2007 , when large numbers began travelling to Yemen by boat , according to the UN Refugee Agency ( UNHCR ) .
More than 56,600 people arrived on 1,100 boats to Yemen from the Horn of Africa so far this year , already exceeding the total for all 2008 , when 50,091 people crossed , Rocco Nuri , an external relations officer at UNHCR , told IRIN on 31 October .
“ This is a stunning 40 percent increase in comparison with the same 10 - month period last year when 40,540 boat - carried people arrived …
[ This year ] , 281 people drowned and another 152 have been missing and presumed dead after their boats capsized in the Gulf of Aden , " Nuri said .
Santiago Perez , country representative for NGO the Danish Refugee Council ( DRC ) , said there were several factors causing this growing influx of Africans to Yemen .
" We ’re detecting an increasing number of displaced people who say they are coming to Yemen fleeing climate disasters like drought , untimely and torrential rains , as well as conflict and poverty , " he said .
He added that rapid population growth in Ethiopia , Eritrea and Somalia , was also " responsible for the phenomenon ” .
20062156.jpg
The fishermen are asking for help to get rid of illegal ships .
Yemen UNHCR /K.McKinsey [ Yemen ]
Small fishing boats , like this one in Bossaso'o busy commercial port , carry up to 125 people when used to smuggle migrants from the Somali coast across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen .
Smugglers charge $ 30 to $ 50 and sometimes throw their passengers out ...
Not for reuse [ Yemen ]
Small fishing boats , like this one in Bossaso'o busy commercial port , carry up to 125 people when used to smuggle migrants from the Somali coast across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen .
Smugglers charge $ 30 to $ 50 and sometimes throw their passengers out ...
This is a private file — do not show on the public facing site .
Photo : UNHCR /K.McKinsey
Small fishing boats such as this one carry up to 125 people when used to smuggle migrants from the Somali coast across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen
Because of this greater demand for the trip across the Gulf of Aden , smugglers have doubled their fees .
" The money paid for smuggling by boat has jumped from US $ 50 to $ 100 per person these days , " Ahmad Akam , a Yemeni coast guard official , said .
The total number of new arrivals by the end of this year is likely to hit 70,000 as sea conditions are becoming milder , according to Akam .
UN agencies in Yemen and their implementing partners have developed contingency plans to provide assistance to 20,000 extra arrivals - on top of the 50,000 already planned for in 2009 .
" UNHCR has improved the capacity and conditions of its reception centres in Mayfaa and Ahwar , on Yemen 's southern coastline , and established a presence through its implementing partners in Bab al - Mandab on the Red Sea , " Nuri said .
He added that in order to provide a dignified burial for those who do not survive the boat journey - due to rough sea conditions , drowning and mistreatment by smugglers – UNHCR had secured three cemetery plots in Hadhramout , Shabwa and Abyan governorates to bury bodies washed ashore .
A
September report by UNHCR said there were 162,362 registered refugees in Yemen , 153,080 of whom were Somalis.
ay /ed
When you talk about hot stuff at certain Vietnamese American cafes in Little Saigon , you ’re not just talking about the coffee .
This is where Hooters meets Starbucks .
This is where lingerie - clad , spandex - sporting , high heels - wearing baristas make your coffee , whip up your smoothies and refill your green tea .
These waitresses seem to have an unwritten dress code worked into their job description .
Bra tops , bustiers , corsets , itsy - bitsy spandex tube tops and bottoms , micro mini skirts and clear stilettos are the norm .
At night , the clothes get a little fancier .
There ’s more satin and lace involved .
The most popular of these cafes — Cafe Lu on Harbor Boulevard and Cafe Di Vang 2 on Euclid Street — are packed day and night although they exclusively serve coffee , tea and smoothies .
None of them offers alcohol , food or even light snacks .
Vietnamese people love their coffee .
But the concept of sexy waitresses serving coffee definitely did not originate in Vietnam , says Natalie Nguyen , who started out as a waitress at Cafe Lu and bought the place six years ago .
“ Vietnam is a conservative place , ” she said .
“ They do have coffee houses and women in traditional áo dàis serving coffee — but nothing like this .
You ca n’t dress this sexy in Vietnam . ”
A thin cloud of cigarette and cigar smoke perpetually hangs over the heads of the mostly male clientele .
Loud music — mostly Vietnamese or American pop — plays on the stereo .
The heads and eyes turn frequently between the large flat screen TVs on the wall playing the day ’s sports and the tight , flat midriffs of the girls who walk by with their trays .
This kind of cafe culture is unique to Orange County ’s Little Saigon , a number of cafe owners and visitors say .
A quick Google search reveals they are springing up in other Little Saigons in a hurry — in San Jose , Seattle and Houston .
You ca n’t stop people from copying a good idea , says Nguyen .
“ This is a big trend , ” she said .
“ Several years ago , not many people knew about it .
But now , we get people from as far as Los Angeles and all over Southern California . ”
The girls not only soften the vibe , but more importantly , they bring customers back , says D. Nguyen ( no relation to Natalie Nguyen ) , owner of Cafe Di Vang 2 on Euclid in Garden Grove .
“ We ’re just like Starbucks , ” he said .
“ But if we were just a coffee place and had nothing more to offer , what ’s the reason for people to come back to us ? ”
The Vietnamese cafes have created a niche for themselves and are doing well in a time when other coffee houses are struggling , said Orange County restaurant consultant Randall Hiatt , president of Fessel International in Costa Mesa .
“ The restaurant business is relatively entrepreneurial , creative and trend - setting , ” he said .
“ These cafes have definitely set a trend in Orange County and they ’re doing vibrant business . ”
Natalie Nguyen showed some of that creativity when she released a calendar with “ the girls of Cafe Lu . ” Each month features a waitress .
Nguyen herself is on the calendar ’s back cover .
This is , after all , a business where looks matter .
D. Nguyen says he picks his employees carefully .
“ If you ’re working at a Hooters or a strip club , you have to look a certain way , right ? ” he asks with a smile .
“ But that ’s not all .
You have smile and be nice to customers as well . ”
Natalie Nguyen agrees with her competitor .
People get tired of seeing pretty girls if they do n’t get good service , she says .
Annie Pham , a waitress at Cafe Lu , says she likes to shop for her work clothes at Fredericks of Hollywood .
“ I like their bustiers and corsets , ” she says , wearing a black bustier with a plunging neck line on a recent afternoon .
But it ’s a job like any other job , says Pham , 23 .
Still , many girls who work in these cafes hide it from their parents because Vietnamese culture is typically conservative , Pham says .
Vanna , a waitress at Di Vang 2 , says she has never had a problem with this cafe trend .
“ Every culture has their thing , ” she said .
“ Koreans have theirsojubars , Middle Eastern people have their belly dancers and we Vietnamese Americans have our cafes .
We sell coffee , we do n’t sell ourselves . ”
She says being hit on is “ normal . ”
The waitresses always get a lot of compliments and they handle them well , says Vanna , who did not want her last name mentioned .
Most of the visitors to these cafes are loyal customers .
Nguyen
Than , 37 , is there almost every day at lunch time .
He says it ’s a relaxing place to escape to .
“ As far as the girls , I do n’t really care .
I know a lot of them .
I do n’t hit on them , ” he says .
“ I just feel comfortable here . ”
Sonny Tran , 35 , says the girls do motivate him to come in .
He says he enjoys the back - and - forth chit- chat , the teasing and the casual atmosphere .
Theresa Nguyen was one of the few women in the crowd .
She was there with her fiance .
“ It ’s a nice environment and not a big deal , ” she said .
Nguyen says she admires the girls .
They ’re just working , she says .
“ They ’re good - looking .
They ’re beautiful .
These girls are well - qualified for the job that they do . ”
Contact the writer : 949-553-2903 or dbharath@ocregister.com
Snap happy :
The bikini - clad drinkers photographed dancing on top of a crocodile trap
A pair of bikini - clad women have been pictured risking life and limb dancing on top of a trap in a crocodile infested river .
Clutching champagne bottles , the girls were snapped singing and cavorting atop the trap in the Australian Northern Territory ’s Maningrida river .
The picture surfaced just a day after the Northern Territory News published an image of two male tourists behaving in a similar fashion at Jim Jim Falls in Kakadu National Park .
Moron trap ?
The antics of these two unidentified women , pictured dancing on top of a crocodile trap in Australia 's Northern Territory , have been slated
Crocodile expert Garry Lindner slammed the spectacle , saying : ‘ Crocs are attracted to the bait in the traps , so it is extremely dangerous to fool around like this . ’
Outraged readers suggested photo captions for the earlier image , including ‘ Dinner is served !
Tonight ’s menu features two courses of stupid . ’
Another commented : ‘ I do n’t know about a croc trap but it definitely works as a moron trap . ’
One local resident said : ‘ I would have expected that nearly all people would have had the brains not to climb on a croc trap .
‘ I know this area , and although there ’s only a small chance of actually having crocs in there at this time of year , it ’s not unheard of . ’
The girls could have been caught unawares - like this sea turtle , who never saw the giant crocodile behind him coming as he crawled out of the waves in Queensland , Australia in 2006 ( file photo )
There have been calls for big game hunters to be allowed to curb the spread of deadly saltwater crocodiles in northern Australia recently .
The animals have been protected since the 1970s , when they came close to extinction , but since then their numbers have risen sharply , along with the threat to residents .
Plans for safari - style expedition were rejected last month by federal environmental minister Peter Garnett , who said the proposals were ‘ not a suitable approach for the responsible management of crocodiles . ’
There are thought to have been at least two fatalities in the Northern Territory this year , which is estimated to have 80,000 saltwater crocodiles .
The home secretary faces mass resignations from the government 's drug advisory body over his decision to force out its chairman , who accused ministers of distorting scientific evidence on cannabis .
Two members of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs resigned todayin protest at Alan Johnson 's treatment of Professor David Nutt .
Another member told the Guardian that the experts were " planning collective action " against Johnson , adding : " Everybody is devastated .
We 're all considering our positions . "
Nutt said today that there was " no future " for the council in its present form and it is thought the group 's members may use a meeting next Monday to announce a mass resignation .
In a letter in tomorrow 's Guardian , Johnson accuses Nutt of " campaigning against government policy " but insists he was not forced out because of his opinions .
" Professor Nutt was not sacked for his views , which I respect but disagree with , " he writes .
" He was asked to go because he cannot be both a government adviser and a campaigner against government policy . "
The collapse of the panel , which provides ministers with evidence about the harm caused by different drugs , would be a severe embarrassment for the government and deal a heavy political blow to Johnson , who has so far steered clear of the controversies that dogged many of his predecessors at the Home Office .
As the controversy intensified today , Nutt said he had been contacted by more than half the council 's members who had shared their " horror and disgust " over the manner of his dismissal and were now considering resigning en masse .
Dr Les King , a former head of drug intelligence at the Forensic Science Service , was first to act , followed by Marion Walker , head of the substance misuse service at Berkshire NHS foundation trust .
King said he had decided to step down because he felt Johnson had denied Nutt his " freedom of expression " .
He said that while the government had " a right " to reject the panel 's advice , its attitude towards the advisory body had changed .
Nutt said he could " fully understand " why his two former colleagues had chosen to resign .
" The government has interfered with the scientific processes of the panel for several years and it has caused significant resentment , " he said .
" People are very much considering their positions and they have made it clear they will not continue under the current regime .
There is no future for the advisory committee on the misuse of drugs in the current way it operates . "
Although Johnson would not comment on today ' sresignations , he went on television to step up his attack on Nutt 's conduct , insisting he had " crossed the line " with his remarks .
In an angry interview with Sky News , he said : " You cannot have a chief adviser at the same time stepping into the public field and campaigning against government decisions .
You can do one or the other , you can't do both . "
Johnson said it was not the job of scientific advisers to " just keep coming back and back and back " to overturn ministerial decisions .
He also stressed that the decision to force Nutt out had been his alone and he had not consulted the prime minister , Gordon Brown .
He said : " I 've got enormous respect for the advisory council .
I want to meet them very soon .
I 've got enormous respect for the scientific community .
They 've got to understand that Professor Nutt crossed this line between offering advice ... and then campaigning against the government on political decisions . "
But the home secretary found himself under fire from members of the scientific community .
Lord Winston , the Labour peer and professor of science and society at Imperial College London , said he was " very surprised and disappointed " by Johnson 's actions .
" I think that if governments appoint expert advice they should n't dismiss it so lightly , " he said .
" I think it shows a rather poor understanding of the value of science . "
On Nutt 's claims that ecstasy and LSD were less harmful than alcohol and cigarettes , Winston said : " The overwhelming evidence is probably cannabis is actually less harmful than tobacco or alcohol , that 's what the chief scientist is saying . "
He added : " I think that 's a very reasonable scientific point to make .
And of course , science is not about absolutes . "
The sacking follows the publication of a paper by the Centre for Crime and Justice at King 's College London , based on a lecture Nutt delivered in July .
He repeated his familiar view that illicit drugs should be classified according to the actual evidence of the harm they cause and pointed out that alcohol and tobacco caused more harm than LSD , ecstasy and cannabis .
Alcohol should come fifth behind cocaine , heroin , barbiturates and methadone .
Tobacco should rank ninth , ahead of cannabis , LSD and ecstasy , he said .
He also argued that smoking cannabis created only a " relatively small risk " of psychotic illness .
The Lib Dem science spokesman , Dr Evan Harris MP , who spoke to scientists over the weekend , accused Johnson of " political thuggery " .
He said the home secretary 's actions could create a crisis in government policy - making if the drugs advisory panel was left unable to function or if experts on other panels resigned .
LIBRARY © & ® Varg Vikernes .
Do not reproduce , respect the copyrights .
A Burzum Story : Part X - The White God
Why more of Burzum ?
Well , I am what I am ; a musician .
Musicians produce music , when they can , and now I can ; I am no longer imprisoned by the criminal anti-Norwegian regime in Norway .
Will my music be any good ?
My guess is that if You like Burzum You like Burzum .
If You do n't You do n't .
I do try to change all the time , but most of the time I fail , and many appreciate that .
Others do n't .
The coming album is called " Den Hvite Guden " ( The White God ) and is a musical and lyrical description of the the White God ( alias Apollon , Baldr , Belenus , Belus , Bragi , Byelobog , Jarilo , et cetera ) and the annual events of his life .
I describe the stories of the myths like they could have been before they were myths , by presenting to You bits and pieces of the sorcery and religion of ancient Europe ( more elaborately described in my unpublished book " Trolldom og Religion i Oldtidens Skandinavia " [ Sorcery and Religion in Ancient Scandinavia ] ) .
It is not intended for play the " low - brow metal " style , but instead I imagine a listener willing to sit down , ideally in solitude , and think for a minute , about the White God and our forebears , whether they were Picto - British , Finnish , Gallic , Greek , Roman , Scandinavian , Scytho - Slavic , Daco - Thrakian or whatever , and about their magnificent , intelligent , positive , beautiful , healthy and strong culture .
I try to help
You create an image of this with the help of Your own mind , by offering a few clues and guidelines .
The album is political only in the way that it offers an alternative to the depravity offered to us by the intrusive popular culture and the commercial entertainment industry - and by modern so - called Black Metal , for that sake .
The début album was intentionally anti-commercial and anti-Death Metal , the " Det Som Engang Var " album was experimental , the " Hvis Lyset Tar Oss " album was intentionally monotonous and ritual , the " Filosofem " album was intentionally different from the others , " Dauði Baldrs " was what I could do from a prison cell , and " Hliðskjálf " too , but they were all music that I liked .
" Den Hvite Guden " will be no different in that respect , but I am older now , in fact twice as old as I was when I recorded the début album , and I am therefore different .
The new album might differ from the old albums more than some might appreciate , but I hope not .
Even if some of You might appreciate the old Burzum , I must be allowed to evolve , just like everybody else .
Maybe
You will like the new Burzum too .
I will not do my best to copy and reproduce my old music , just to please somebody .
I never did and I never will .
If it sounds similar it is because it is made by the same person .
If it sounds different it is because it is not the same music and because I have evolved .
I can add that just like on the other metal albums ( with the exception of " Hvis Lyset Tar Oss " ) " Den Hvite Guden " features some very old Burzum tracks .
" Filosofem " featured the " Burzum " track , from 1991 , and " Den Hvite Guden " will feature the " Uruk - Hai " track , from 1988 - 1989 , although the title and the lyrics have been changed to fit the new concept .
It will also feature the original " Dauði Baldrs " metal track , from 1993 .
In a sense this album too will not be " new material " , but just a collection of previously unpublished tracks ; some new , some old .
If some think my composing skills have disappeared altogether , then at least there will be some gems for them too .
You can expect to see " The White God " around March - April ( anno 2010 ) , when he traditionally returns from the hidden world of shadows .
As
You might already know , my dear ladies and gentlemen , and other individuals too , I am no friend of the modern so - called Black Metal culture .
It is a tasteless , low - brow parody of Norwegian so - called Black Metal anno 1991 - 1992 , and if it was up to me it would meet its dishonourable end as soon as possible .
However , rather than abandon my own music , only because others have soiled its name by claiming to have something in common with it , I will stick to it .
The " black metallers " will probably continue to " get loaded " , " get high " , and in all other manners too behave like the stereotypical Negro ; they will probably continue to get foreign tribal tattoos , dress , walk , talk , look and act like homosexuals , and so forth .
Some of the " black metallers " , their fans and accomplices will probably even continue to pretend - and actually believe - they have something in common with Burzum , but let me assure You ; they do n't !
I play what can be described as some sort of metal music , all right , and they do too , but the similarities ends there .
Freud wrote books .
Tolkien wrote books .
The similarities ends there .
Why more of Burzum ?
Well , I am what I am ; a musician .
Musicians produce music , when they can , and now I can ; I am no longer imprisoned by the criminal anti-Norwegian regime in Norway .
Will my music be any good ?
My guess is that if You like Burzum You like Burzum .
If You do n't You do n't .
I do try to change all the time , but most of the time I fail , and many appreciate that .
Others do n't .
The coming album is called " Den Hvite Guden " ( The White God ) and is a musical and lyrical description of the the White God ( alias Apollon , Baldr , Belenus , Belus , Bragi , Byelobog , Jarilo , et cetera ) and the annual events of his life .
I describe the stories of the myths like they could have been before they were myths , by presenting to You bits and pieces of the sorcery and religion of ancient Europe ( more elaborately described in my unpublished book " Trolldom og Religion i Oldtidens Skandinavia " [ Sorcery and Religion in Ancient Scandinavia ] ) .
It is not intended for play the " low - brow metal " style , but instead I imagine a listener willing to sit down , ideally in solitude , and think for a minute , about the White God and our forebears , whether they were Picto - British , Finnish , Gallic , Greek , Roman , Scandinavian , Scytho - Slavic , Daco - Thrakian or whatever , and about their magnificent , intelligent , positive , beautiful , healthy and strong culture .
I try to help
You create an image of this with the help of Your own mind , by offering a few clues and guidelines .
The album is political only in the way that it offers an alternative to the depravity offered to us by the intrusive popular culture and the commercial entertainment industry - and by modern so - called Black Metal , for that sake .
The début album was intentionally anti-commercial and anti-Death Metal , the " Det Som Engang Var " album was experimental , the " Hvis Lyset Tar Oss " album was intentionally monotonous and ritual , the " Filosofem " album was intentionally different from the others , " Dauði Baldrs " was what I could do from a prison cell , and " Hliðskjálf " too , but they were all music that I liked .
" Den Hvite Guden " will be no different in that respect , but I am older now , in fact twice as old as I was when I recorded the début album , and I am therefore different .
The new album might differ from the old albums more than some might appreciate , but I hope not .
Even if some of You might appreciate the old Burzum , I must be allowed to evolve , just like everybody else .
Maybe
You will like the new Burzum too .
I will not do my best to copy and reproduce my old music , just to please somebody .
I never did and I never will .
If it sounds similar it is because it is made by the same person .
If it sounds different it is because it is not the same music and because I have evolved .
I can add that just like on the other metal albums ( with the exception of " Hvis Lyset Tar Oss " ) " Den Hvite Guden " features some very old Burzum tracks .
" Filosofem " featured the " Burzum " track , from 1991 , and " Den Hvite Guden " will feature the " Uruk - Hai " track , from 1988 - 1989 , although the title and the lyrics have been changed to fit the new concept .
It will also feature the original " Dauði Baldrs " metal track , from 1993 .
In a sense this album too will not be " new material " , but just a collection of previously unpublished tracks ; some new , some old .
If some think my composing skills have disappeared altogether , then at least there will be some gems for them too .
You can expect to see " The White God " around March - April ( anno 2010 ) , when he traditionally returns from the hidden world of shadows .
Respectfully ,
Varg Vikernes
( 14.11.2009 )
This article is written for www.burzum.org exclusively !
In other languages : Italiano
Website search :
by Frank Turk
First Things : Evangel .
This may look like a ploy to draw readers from there over here in order to troll for hits , but since we do n't do any advertising here I think that 's not a very charitable thing to say .
Full - blown , full - contact , full - body Catholic apologetics have broken out in the comments of one of my posts ( it was inevitable , I am sure ) , and what I have to say in response to John Mark Reynolds ' defense of Indulgentiarum Doctrina as not a deal - breaker toward true faith in Christ will , frankly , not be suitable for a Catholic - run web site .
This is the real thing in terms of exploring the Gospel , and in terms of why to reject Catholicism not only as a " choice " or " denomination " but as an actually - false church .
So I have posted the response here where Dan and Phil and I are all in agreement on this matter .
Also of note : we commonly decorate the blog to keep it from being a massive and impenetrable wall of text .
No offense is meant by any of the graphics you 'll see below -- they are merely visual aids .
This is the internet after all and not a meager newsgroup list .
For those of you who read here but not over there ,
Welcome .
Nice to see you .
Pack a lunch .
Welcome readers from .
This may look like a ploy to draw readers from there over here in order to troll for hits , but since we do n't do any advertising here I think that 's not a very charitable thing to say .
Full - blown , full - contact , full - body Catholic apologetics have broken out in the comments of one of my posts ( it was inevitable , I am sure ) , and what I have to say in response to John Mark Reynolds ' defense ofas not a deal - breaker toward true faith in Christ will , frankly , not be suitable for a Catholic - run web site .
This is the real thing in terms of exploring the Gospel , and in terms of why to reject Catholicism not only as a " choice " or " denomination " but as an actually - false church .
So I have posted the response here where Dan and Phil and I are all in agreement on this matter .
Also of note : we commonly decorate the blog to keep it from being a massive and impenetrable wall of text .
No offense is meant by any of the graphics you 'll see below -- they are merely visual aids .
This is the internet after all and not a meager newsgroup list .
For those of you who read here but not over there , here 's the post which has spawned this extra-long response .
All I ask from the regular readers here is that we refrain from the high - decibel thunder - clap of sound - byte apologetics which this discussion usually brings out .
Avoid saying things you cannot cite from its original source .
And do not engage people who want to call you bigots or other morally - biting remarks -- those are not arguments but insults , and there 's no reason to do anything but to let them speak for themselves .
Welcome .
Nice to see you .
Pack a lunch .
It is a big cosmos and there are many jobs in it .
Only Jesus can do the saving job from hell - fire and nothing , nothing , nothing can add to the great work He has done .
However , humans have problem other than the fact they are going to hell and there are consequences I have called “ b- problems ” that are not directly against His Majesty , but He allows others to cooperate with Him in doing other jobs ( like saving babies from burning buildings or taking down the Taliban ) .
Why not allow that there are spiritual problems of this sort as well ?
Restoring my relationship with God does not ( the way He has designed things ) restore my relationship to the state , the community , the church , the individual , or the cosmos .
He gives humans and their institutions a great gift : the right to be offended !
( Remarkable really how awesome the gift of personhood to mankind was ! )
The saving problem is our offense against the King of Kings , but the Great King allows us to also offend against His minister our local king .
If I read the document correctly , the Blessed Virgin can add nothing in dealing with our attempted Regicide , but she might be part of the comfort God allows as we face hanging for attempted regicide .
One consequence of my sin has been continued personal pain , but God has used wise ministers to help bring wholeness to that pain .
They did not “ forgive my sin ” against God , but they did help me process the vestiges and the OTHER consequences of my sin .
Let me try a simple example .
When I call you a name ( say “ Regicide Puritan ” ) , I have sinned against God and against you .
God may forgive me , but I still should ask for your forgiveness .
When you forgive me , something good happens .
Yes ?
I have not added to God ’s forgiveness , which is so awesome that next to it your forgiveness is trivial , but God has set up the cosmos such that I still have to ask for it .
He allows for you to have a real offense requiring relational healing between us .
There are hurts
He has chosen to allow to be healed in no other way .
God is sovereign !
In purgatory , in fact , the souls of those " who died in the charity of God and truly repentant , but before satisfying with worthy fruits of penance for sins committed and for omissions are cleansed after death with purgatorial punishments . "
This is also clearly evidenced in the liturgical prayers with which the Christian community admitted to Holy Communion has addressed God since most ancient times : " that we , who are justly subjected to afflictions because of our sins , may be mercifully set free from them for the glory of thy name . "
Having lived a long and icky life , I have ( at times ) sinned against the Church .
I did not just ask God ’s pardon , but my community .
I got it .
We are guilty of many things and all that guilt is ( of course ) before God , but it does not seem to me that the document ( to which you refer ) adds another ground to the salvation from damnation to which the gospel refers .
It tries ( however successfully ) to deal with other guilt where the immediate offense is against cosmic order or the Church .
... there certainly exists between the faithful who have already reached their heavenly home , those who are expiating their sins in purgatory and those who are still pilgrims on earth a perennial link of charity and an abundant exchange of all the goods by which , with the expiation of all the sins of the entire Mystical Body , divine justice is placated .
God 's mercy is thus led to forgiveness , so that sincerely repentant sinners may participate as soon as possible in the full enjoyment of the benefits of the family of God .
Here is how I read it :
The Blessed Virgin and Lady Theotokos cannot add a single thing to my salvation from the second death .
Her merits are of no use there .
However , like any mother ( if I am reading the document correctly ) correctly she can comfort me in the first death , which I will still face and in any post - death schooling in sanctification I still face .
That may not be right , but it is not a “ different gospel . ”
The document accepts that though the Christian is no longer guilty and will not pay the price of sin ( the death of damnation ) there are still secondary consequences to that sin .
Being declared not guilty , does not make the shame ( for example ) vanish just the guilt .
This happens all the time in daily life .
Let me try another example .
I am forgiven by you for calling you a Regicide Puritan , but the boo - boo I put on Russell Moore ’s heart will have to heal as he witnessed my unfair attacks on his pal .
Our relationship ( Moore and Reynolds ) will be strained and to help restore community I will have to do acts befitting my repentance .
( For example , I might put a picture of Al Mohler up in my office . )
In this way , the secondary results of my sin in calling you a sin , the scandal caused to Moore ( the primary offense was against Turk by Reynolds ) are healed .
It is possible that Al Mohler , chock full of earned respect in the Reformed community , could intervene and speed up the process by telling Moore that really I am sorry and that he , Dr. Mohler , will vouch for me .
Though this is a bit tongue in cheek , it gets to the issue .
As for the “ body of Christ , ” I really think contextually it is an image .
We are Christ ’s body in one mystical sense ( which is “ real ” though not material ! ) , but not in the sense that I am literally an arm of Christ ( material sense of body ) .
Following in the footsteps of Christ , the Christian faithful have always endeavored to help one another on the path leading to the heavenly Father through prayer , the exchange of spiritual goods and penitential expiation .
The more they have been immersed in the fervor of charity , the more they have imitated Christ in his sufferings , carrying their crosses in expiation for their own sins and those of others , certain that they could help their brothers to obtain salvation from God the Father of mercies .
This is the very ancient dogma of the Communion of the Saints , whereby the life of each individual son of God in Christ and through Christ is joined by a wonderful link to the life of all his other Christian brothers in the supernatural unity of the Mystical Body of Christ till , as it were , a single mystical person is formed .
Thus is explained the " treasury of the Church " which should certainly not be imagined as the sum total of material goods accumulated in the course of the centuries , but the infinite and inexhaustible value the expiation and the merits of Christ Our Lord have before God , offered as they were so that all of mankind could be set free from sin and attain communion with the Father .
It is Christ the Redeemer himself in whom the satisfactions and merits of his redemption exist and find their force .
This treasury also includes the truly immense , unfathomable and ever pristine value before God of the prayers and good works of the Blessed Virgin Mary and all the saints , who following in the footsteps of Christ the Lord and by his grace have sanctified their lives and fulfilled the mission entrusted to them by the Father .
Thus while attaining their own salvation , they have also cooperated in the salvation of their brothers in the unity of the Mystical Body . .
I just think that you have misread the Papal piece which has problems ( from my point of view ) , but not the one you suggest .
I really wish a local Catholic would take up this argument and let us know if we are both misreading this complex and interesting piece !
reconciliation
JMR gave a hero 's effort to responding so far , so big credit to him .
And for the record , I mean that sincerely -- because I think his goal , which I read to be " including all who are rightly called brothers in Christ at the round - table of our faith " a wholly - commendable objective , especially regarding the question of whether any Catholics are in that number .
So before we follow his defense here , let me say it plainly again : I think that the problem is with , and thatrightly do not believe this stuff ; many believe their own reinterpretation of this stuff to guard their own faith from superstition and folly .
If they believed what JMR has expounded here , there would be no reason to object .
But the places where Catholicism deviates from Scripture and from the historical proclamation of the faith ( which I would contend is not the same as the " unanimous declaration of the fathers " ) are fatal errors .
That said , Quoth he : I 'd put the brakes on there -- because I think you 're mixing up your own metaphor for the document we are referencing .
The fact of the declaration regarding Indulgences is that man has two problems : judicial - eternal and judicial - temporal .
The judicial - eternal ( ' a ' problems ) are resolved by Christ -- as Jugulum and others have noted , it can be interpreted as the only " serious " problem as anyone on the other side of Christ is headed toward the Father , no matter how long it thereafter takes .
It 's sort of a statistical game -- even if you spend a billion years in Purgatory , 1000000000 / eternity is still infinitesimal .
It 's only a temporal consequence .
The strange thing is that this argument really overlooks the fact that it is in fact duefor sin , and that somehow You know : as we read the New Testament , we find a couple of signposts that are really helpful in understanding the problematic nature of this proposition .
The first is that it is appointed for man to die once , and after that comes judgment ( Heb 9 ) .
That is , the writer of Hebrews thinks that Christ does n't have to suffer over and over again for man 's sinning over and over again because there is only one judgment , not a temporal and then an eternal judgment .
And it is John the Baptist who tells us that Jesus is the Lamb of God whothe sin of the world ( John 2 ) .
The sin is not taken away if there is still some sort of purgation due to those who made it , is there ?
And in the resurrection when we are given our bodies back , it 's odd that the state of those who are dead in Christ is seen throughout that book as not is a state of purgation or temporal payment for their own misdeeds but , speakingand in worshipI appreciate the generousity JMR is presenting toward the doctrines and views in this matter .
However , if we have an obligation to let the promulgators of this doctrinal statement speak for themselves , we also have an obligation to read them as they present themselves and not to reinterpret them so that we find what they are saying more or less acceptable .
It 's just as erroneous to read excessively - generous interpretations into this stuff as it is to simply reduce it to some stupid idea that salvation is like a paycheck at the end of life .
Unquestionably true .
However , theis the problem ofand not the problem ofListen : it 's a foundational fact of the faith that someone who is guilty of theft ( for example , the thief on the cross -- which is a great example for this matter ) may be forgiven in full of his sin against God , but may and in fact ought to serve his full sentence in this world regarding the civil / political consequences of his actions .
No one is denying that on either side .
But to equivocate on this point and say that there is temporal punishment still due the magistrateis to overlook the problem that .
We should n't fear the one who can only destroy the body , but rather the one who can destroy both body and soul , yes ?
The implication there is that the ( God-established ) power of the Magistrate does n't reach into the next life .
So as we consider the question of problems ' a ' and ' b ' , we have to see the ' b ' problem for what it is , and what it cannot be isI would agree that the document says , effectively , that Christ 's merit has an infinite value in solving the problem of man 's sin against God , but it is of limited value in resolving the problem of man 's sin against his fellow man .
That 's another way of saying what you have said here , and I wonder how that affects your defense of this document .
You see : the farther we detail this doctrine out , the more like a works added to Christ 's work it is going to look .
See : I do n't find any therapeutic language in the document .
A sin of the contemporary " evangelical " church is to replace the judicial and sovereign language of our faith with the language of diagnosis and recovery .
One good attribute of the document we have in front of us is that it avoids this sin .
The problem , as you rightly stated above , is the problem of " offense " and not of " wellness " .
If we stick to that category , the problems of this doctrine become transparently clear .
Yeah , hang on a second .
Be careful that you do n't confuse my right - minded forgiveness of your error in the light of your repentance for the blood of the martyrs and the prayers of the saints -- which are specifically the activities this document mentions as part of the " treasury of the church " .
Yes : that is a good thing -- both your repentance and my forgiveness of you .
That 's not really what this document is talking about .
What I find ironic here is that the example -- a person offending another person -- is exactly the kind of offense that your type ' b ' offenses should be , but that you do n't see that the remedy for type ' b ' offenses ( as promulgated in -- which , I have to note , is a 20th century document and not an old form of a doctrine which has since developed into something more therapeutic and conciliatory ) is instead , and not " healing between us " .
Here 's what the document says :
The problem is not whether it 's right or wrong to do unto others as you would have them do unto you : it is whether or notand whether or notI would n't say otherwise .
The problem is that this document is transparently clear that unless those temporalare all completed , you cannot stand before God , except as one being punished .
I go back to my example of the guy who needs a billion years in Purgatory .
That is truly an infinitesimal period of time on the scale of all eternity .
But here 's the thing : the document says this -- So in the first place , let 's dispose of the idea that the document does not refer to the " Mystical Body " of Christ -- here the Church is called that explicitly .
But second , note it clearly : it is an act of charity to placate God 's wrath against those who still have temporal consequences for their sins , and we do it ( through the Church , of course ) by the exchange of some virtue overlaid on the penal consequences , mitigating the consequences .
It 's the idea that this is an " act of charity " that intrigues me here and which I want to point you to .
What is happening ( allegedly ) in Purgatory is an act of temporal punishment , and while it is for their own good , it is also a . ( see Chap. 1 part 2 ) It may be good for them , but it is not good to them -- it is punishment on the scale of the wrath of God .
So let 's please dispense with the idea that what is being described and what it being mitigated is not something which the church has always believed is the work of Christ .
Making it a short - term sentence rather than an eternal sentence does n't make the problem go away : it makes it more glaring .
When you say it that way , it just sounds so much nicer .
I 'd almost be willing to go through it myself .
The problem is that the document
What it says instead is that there isdue to sinners who have either omitted penance or have incomplete penance .
And asgoes , this is necessaryfor what one has done wrong as ato those who were wronged .
However , some have done a good job ( through Christ , of course ) of being fully sanctified , and they have something of value which can help those who .
This " treasury of the church " is thereby able to be dispensed ( specifically , the bishops ) not to make the time in Purgatory more comforting , but to That 's not hardly anything like Mary comforting you when you struggle through your sanctification .
It is pretty clear that this is a power of the Church " by an authoritative intervention [ to dispense ] to the faithful suitably disposed the treasury of satisfaction which Christ and the saints won for the remission of temporal punishment .
" Yes , I am sure that 's true .
The problem is that this document is not either about " daily life " as you will reference below .
This is about something which stands in the gaps between the moment of death and the moment of glorification and welcome into the presence of God .
Good news : you 're not in Hell .
Bad news : you still have something which you personally must pay out before you can see God .
You have work ( in the form of punishment ) to do .
The other good news , though , is that the Church can take the credits some have gathered up by prayer and personal holiness and apply them to you so your sentence is reduced .
And before anyone gets distracted by this , it 's not about money or any other such thing -- anyone who makes this about the Catholic Church being a shill for phony forgiveness for the sake of a few bucks like some kind of prosperity gospel fakir is an ignoramous .
This is about the teaching that your penalty for sin is not paid in full in Christ .
There is no question that this document asserts and requires that this is the case -- and that is an offense to the Gospel , a deal - breaker in the same vein as having to be circumcised in order to be a true follower of Christ or that there is no resurrection from the dead .
First of all , putting me in the company of Mohler and Moore is extraordinarily humbling , so thank you for that -- even in an example of people who ought to know each other and have a relational bond .
But your example simply does n't take into account the basis for the doctrine .
The matter is the question of purgation of and reparations for sin and punishment in the life after death .
You have missed the point of the statement in context entirely , Dr. Reynolds .
Here 's the passage where it comes up :
The point of saying that the Church is " one mystical body " is so that one can say in some sensible (! ) way that the spiritual goods of one can be transferred to another .
It is to find a way to call the merits of the saints necessarily the merits of Christ , except in a way that makes themorI welcome anyone to link us to an authoritative document which decodesto say either what you have said , or that says something else which would contradict what I have here exposited .
You 're simply mistaken , Dr. Reynolds , in your reading .
You have interposed a clinical / therapeutic grid where the document has plainly laid our a judicial / penal system in which there are kinds of remittence to be paid .
This is where I usually grand - stand for the Gospel , but let it be enough to say this : while we were still weak , at the right time Christ died for the ungodly .
For one will scarcely die for a righteous person — though perhaps for a good person one would dare even to die — but God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners , Christ died for us .
Since , therefore , we have now been justified by his blood , so much more shall we be .
For if while we were enemies we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son , so much more , , shall we be saved by his life .
More than that , we also rejoice in God through our Lord Jesus Christ , It 's a done deal -- and to say otherwise overturns the true goodness of the Good News .
( CNN ) -- Rick Lyke was diagnosed with prostate cancer when he was 47 .
His response was to set up " Pints for Prostates , " an organization that uses the universal language of beer to reach men with its message about the importance of prostate cancer screening .
In 2008 , at the insistence of a colleague with prostate cancer , Lyke , from Charlotte , North Carolina , had himself tested for illness , even though he had no health problems .
His doctor was initially reluctant to have him tested , as men under the age of 50 are n't considered to a high - risk group for prostate cancer , but tests came back positive and Lyke needed surgery to remove the cancer .
His surgeon said that if Lyke had waited until he was 50 to be screened , he would probably have only lived another two or three years .
" I 'm doing great now , " Lyke told CNN .
" I have to get tested every six months for the next 15 years , but I really feel like I dodged a bullet . "
Prostate cancer affects one in six men American men , with 27,000 Americans expected to die from the disease this year .
The American Cancer Society believes health care professionals should discuss the potential benefits and limitations of prostate cancer early detection testing with men before any testing begins .
It says that should include an offer for yearly testing with the prostate - specific antigen blood test and digital rectal exam , beginning at age 50 , to men who are at average risk of prostate cancer and have at least a 10 - year life expectancy .
But Lyke says other groups recommend that men should be screened once they reach their forties .
" I think it 's a financial issue in a lot of cases rather than a health issue as to why that guideline is 50 , " he told CNN .
" The fact of the matter is not many men are going to have prostate cancer in their forties , but for those who do , if they wait until they 're 50 to be tested , their numbers are n't going to look very good . "
Lyke founded " Pints for Prostates " to spread the message about need for regular prostate health screenings .
The organization travels to beer festivals and tries to engage with men in an informal way .
" Beer is a universal thing for men , " Lyke told CNN .
" Where women get together and talk about health issues , men really do n't , so we try to use an atmosphere like a pub , where guys are a little bit more relaxed , to talk about prostate cancer . "
He says prostate cancer is a highly personal disease for men , in much the same way that breast cancer is for women .
Treatment for prostate cancer can sometimes result in impotence .
" The pink ribbon campaign has really made it possible for women to talk about breast cancer , so we 're trying to do the same thing for guys .
They need permission to talk about it , " said Lyke .
As well as setting up stalls at beer festivals and organizing events in pubs , " Pints for Prostates " has run adverts in magazines and Lyke estimates its message has reached about 30 million people .
A year after his own surgery , Lyke 's first granddaughter was born .
He is aware that by being screened for prostate cancer he has vastly improved his chances of seeing her grow up , and he hopes that by encouraging other men to be tested he will give them a similar opportunity .
He told CNN , " I 'm hoping that there 's a whole bunch of other guys out there who 'll be able to experience the same thing [ as me ] -- see their families grow up and grow old . "
Mark Tutton contributed to this report
COPENHAGEN ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama reached agreement with major developing powers on a climate deal on Friday , a U.S. official said , but he said the accord was only a first step and was insufficient to fight climate change .
The official said Obama , China ’s Premier Wen Jiabao , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and South Africa ’s President Jacob Zuma had reached a “ meaningful agreement , ” after a day of deep divisions between leaders of rich and developing nations .
Brazil also approved the deal that appeared to bypass other participants at UN - led climate talks in Copenhagen .
The accord did not have guaranteed approval from all 193 nations .
Noticeably , EU nations were absent from the meeting .
Tensions between China and the United States , the world ’s two biggest emitters , had been particularly acute after Obama -- in a message directed at the Chinese -- said any deal to cut emissions would be “ empty words on a page ” unless it was transparent and accountable .
Negotiators struggled all day to find a compromise acceptable to all 193 countries which could avert the threat of dangerous climate change , including floods , droughts , rising sea levels and species extinctions .
A draft text under discussion on Friday included $ 100 billion in climate aid annually by 2020 for poor countries to combat climate change , and targets to limit warming and halve global greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 .
But it abandoned earlier ambitions for any deal in Copenhagen to be turned into a legally binding treaty next year .
“ Today , following a multilateral meeting between President Obama , Premier Wen , Prime Minister Singh , and President Zuma a meaningful agreement was reached , ” the U.S. official said .
“ It is not sufficient to combat the threat of climate change but it is an important first step . ”
Slideshow ( 20 images )
“ No country is entirely satisfied with each element but this is a meaningful and historic step forward and a foundation from which to make further progress , ” the official added .
Under the five - nation agreement , rich and poor nations had agreed to a “ finance mechanism , ” emissions cuts to curb global warming to 2 degrees Celsius , and “ to provide information on the implementation of their actions . ”
Earlier , Indian environment minister Jairam Ramesh told Reuters December 7 - 18 meeting was “ close to seeing a legally non-binding Copenhagen outcome after 36 hours of grueling , intensive negotiations . ”
The European Union had pressed for a strong deal to limit global warming to no more than 2 degrees Celsius and which included tough carbon curbs from other industrialized nations such as the United States .
Scientists say a 2 degrees limit is the minimum to avoid some of the worst impacts of climate change including several meters sea level rise , species extinctions and crop failures .
“ Given where we started and the expectations for this conference , anything less than a legally binding and agreed outcome falls far short of the mark , ” said John Ashe , chair the Kyoto talks under the United Nations .
The Archbishop of Canterbury delivers Thought For The Day on Good Fridays The BBC Trust has rejected complaints about a ban on non-religious contributors to the Thought For The Day slot on Radio 4's Today programme .
Allowing only religious content did not breach BBC guidelines on impartiality or its duty to reflect religious and other beliefs , its governing body said .
The National Secular Society said the decision was " a rebuke " to people who did not have religious beliefs .
The British Humanist Association said the policy was an " ongoing injustice " .
The trust was responding to 11 appeals following complaints about the slot as well as a further appeal about the BBC 's policy on non-religious programming .
Thought For The Day is highly valued by people of all faiths , and none , as a distinctive slot that , if diluted , would have become nothing more than just another comment slot
Church of England spokesman Complainants said the BBC 's stance on Thought For The Day was discriminatory against non-religious groups and contributors .
Richard Tait , chairman of the BBC
Trust 's editorial standards committee , said : " We understand that some people feel strongly about this issue and have given it careful consideration .
" However , we have concluded that the current arrangements do not breach BBC editorial guidelines and specifically requirements of due impartiality in content . "
' Unchallengeable platform ' A Church of England spokesman said Thought For The Day was " a unique slot in Radio 4's schedule where religious views from across the faith communities of the UK can be expressed openly " .
" Thought For The Day is highly valued by people of all faiths , and none , as a distinctive slot that , if diluted , would have become nothing more than just another comment slot . "
This is so blatant an abuse of religious privilege that we cannot simply let it pass
National Secular Society president Terry Sanderson
The National Secular Society 's president Terry Sanderson said the policy sent the message to people without religious beliefs that " their thoughts are not worth hearing and that somehow religious opinions are more worthy of a special , unchallengeable platform " .
" This is so blatant an abuse of religious privilege that we cannot simply let it pass , " he said .
" We will be looking at other ways of challenging this unjustifiable slot . "
And Andrew Copson , of the British Humanist Association , said : " This is a real missed opportunity to correct the ongoing injustice of the exclusion of non-religious speakers on the programme .
" We can see no good reason whatever why humanists are barred from making their contribution . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Key senators weighed in Tuesday on how to make the US banking system safe for Main Street .
A plan unveiled by Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D ) of Connecticut would simplify what is now a patchwork of bank regulators .
It would strengthen oversight of risky activities such as the market for so - called derivative securities .
And if a large bank gets into trouble , the plan calls for a controlled shut - down – not a taxpayer - funded bailout .
Financial experts widely agree that a regulatory overhaul is urgently needed .
Senator Dodd introduced his plan in the Senate Banking Committee , which he chairs .
The White House has made its own proposals , and the House Financial Services Committee has its own plan .
The question is whether any of the proposals will tame problems that helped create the deepest recession since the 1930s .
These problems spanned from risky mortgage products to a failed regulatory climate created by both Republicans and Democrats in Washington .
Bankers have political clout
It ’s very tricky to design fixes that strike a balance between encouraging marketplace innovation and guarding against credit bubbles and busts that have surfaced with periodic regulatory .
The job is made still more difficult by the strong lobbying clout of the the banking industry .
The risk is that , in the wake of extraordinary taxpayer - backed efforts to rescue banks and the economy , not enough will be done to keep America from getting into similar trouble down the road .
“ We have not changed the financial regulatory framework in a substantive way so as to limit excessive risk taking , ” Simon Johnson , a finance expert at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , told a congressional hearing last month .
“ The proposals currently proceeding through Congress are unlikely to make a significant difference . ”
He said the US economy retains significant strengths in entrepreneurship and innovation .
But Mr. Johnson said that skewed incentives have allowed bankers to reap big profits for activities that may do little for the private sector overall .
And when those activities become downright unprofitable – as at some big firms in the recent crisis – the losses are often carried primarily by taxpayers .
Sen .
Dodd 's key proposals
Here are key elements of Dodd 's plan :
• Confront a “ too big to fail ” mentality among banks .
The crisis showed that some institutions are so important to the system that regulators would n’t allow their collapse – due to worries about the ripple effects .
The Senate plan , like the House plan , tries to create a middle ground in which giant firms could face a bankruptcy - style shutdown , but in a controlled way that does n’t cause panic .
And it establishes some incentives for banks not to get too large .
It remains to be seen if this will work .
• Set up a single federal bank regulator .
Today ’s system of multiple regulators allows banks to “ shop ” for regulators who may be most friendly .
The House and Obama plans do n’t seek such a change .
Either way , finance experts say the problem of “ regulatory capture ” – in which regulators often see things from the perspective of the companies they oversee – may persist .
• Create a new Consumer Financial Protection Agency to regulate products such as mortgages .
This goal is shared by President Obama and House Financial Services chairman Barney Frank .
• Set up an independent agency to guard against systemwide risks , in addition to the regulators tasked with narrower oversight of specific types of institutions .
The House plan , by contrast , would have the Federal Reserve take the lead in watching for systemic risk .
The 1,100 - page draft bill contains many more elements as well .
“ I ’m impressed by the [ Dodd ] plan to have Federal Reserve Bank presidents appointed by Congress , ” says Dean Baker , an economist at the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington .
“ This idea that the banks pick their regulators is crazy . ”
Bankers help pick their own regulators
Currently , local business leaders including bankers play a key role in choosing who heads the 12 regional Fed banks .
In turn , the Fed is a key regulator of large banks , and played a pivotal role in bailouts last year .
Mr. Baker says the Dodd plan moves in a positive direction on many fronts , but he questions whether it goes far enough .
One big example : complex trading in derivatives .
He says none of the plans Congress is considering will strongly regulate that arena , which could leave the financial system exposed to crisis in the future .
Last fall , insurer AIG ’s derivatives exposure sent fear rippling through financial markets , as investors wondered who would be caught short if AIG could n’t pay off on the contracts it had entered .
Taxpayers ended up footing the bill to cover the derivative deals , and rein in a potential panic .
More broadly , Baker says Congress has n’t addressed the question of how to give regulators the right incentives .
When times are good , bank supervisors face a political backlash if they try to crack down on credit - market excess .
Baker adds that the regulators – including the Fed chairman – do n’t tend to lose their jobs if they fail in their risk - management duties .
“ What ’s the structure of incentives ... when the next bubble builds ? ”
Baker asks .
“ No one is even talking about that . ”
See also :
Bankers face activists ’ anger in the streets of Chicago
Foreclosures rise .
Big banks show profits .
How can that be ?
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Just when you think enough time has passed for gamers to get over the novelty of Love Plus and move on to a more normal experience , some damn fool announces he ’s wed Nene , one of the dating sim’s three virtual girlfriends .
The otaku brought his DS and a copy of the game to a chapel in Guam ( I wonder if it ’s the same guy we featured two weeks ago ? ) , where he took Nene Anegasaki ’s hand in marriage .
The newlyweds plan to hold a reception in Japan , and have invited the media to attend and view slides from their wedding and courtship .
Local video streaming site NicoNico Douga plans to broadcast the November 22nd event live , starting around 12:00 , so clear your evening schedule for that .
There ’s no word yet on whether the couple has consummated the marriage , but I suppose we ’ll find out when we see the condition of the husband ’s Nintendo DS .
Import Your Own Future Wife : Love Plus
See also : Ayo Technology : Digital girls , real dates , Unrequited Love Plus , Kojima , Suda51 talk Love Plus
[ Via @fort90 , Gizmodo.jp ]
The line between online and offline life continues to blur as yet another lawsuit is being brought against a school that punished students over pictures posted to an online social media website .
Two sophomore girls at Churubusco High School in Fort Wayne , Indiana were banned from extracurricular activities after sexually suggestive pictures posted to MySpace during summer vacation ended up in the hands of school officials .
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of the girls , claiming that the punishment went too far by violating the students ' free speech rights and resulted in their " humiliation " as they were forced to apologize to an all - male coaches board .
The photos in question were taken at a sleepover with friends during summer vacation .
In the photos , the girls were wearing lingerie and " pretending to kiss or lick a large multi-colored novelty lollipop shaped phallus , " according to the complaint .
None of the photos or captions made any reference whatsoever to Churubusco High School .
Obviously the two girls did n't want everyone to see the pictures , so they posted them with the privacy controls set so only friends could see them .
However , the photos were copied and eventually ended up on the desk of Austin Couch , the school 's principal .
Couch then punished the girls based on the school 's athletic code , which provides sanctions for student athletes that engage in behavior in or out of school that " creates a disruptive influence on the discipline , good order , moral or educational environment at Churubusco High School . "
The two girls where barred from participating in any extracurricular activities , made to apologize for the photos to an all - male coaches board ( which the complaint describes as " profoundly embarrassing " ) , and forced to undergo " humiliating " counseling .
The lawsuit once again brings up issues of privacy rights , free speech rights , and how far schools can encroach on a student 's life outside of school hours and school grounds .
While a court ruling this year determined that a blog post to a MySpace page can't be construed as " private , " that case did n't look at the issue of content published using the privacy controls provided by MySpace or Facebook .
John Palfrey , a Harvard University law professor and co-director of the Berkman Center for Internet and Society , said that the idea of privacy on social networking websites is merely an illusion , even with added privacy controls .
He also believes that schools have a right to regulate a student 's online activities , but the court will have to determine if the two girls in this case had their First Amendment right violated .
" The fact that it took place in cyberspace instead of in a classroom does n't mean you do n't enforce the rule , " he told the AP .
Balancing a student 's right to freedom of expression with a school 's imperative to provide a disruption - free learning environment has become more difficult as high school and even junior high students continue flocking to the likes of MySpace and Facebook .
Courts have ruled in the past that behavior outside of school , including postings to social network sites , can be subject to punishment by school officials if that behavior can been shown to be disruptive at school .
However , ACLU legal director Ken Falk thinks this case does n't meet that criterion .
" We all did things when we were sophomores in high school that can be construed as immature or problematic or whatever , but that is not the issue here , " he told the Associated Press .
" The issue is what possible impact this could have on the school environment , and the answer is none . "
These issues continue to crop up , and while the policy of limiting schools ' authority only to behavior that has an affect on the school environment seems reasonable , it may need to be addressed , as McCarthy suggested , either with specific legislation or clear legal precedent .
If nothing else , the lawsuit is yet another reminder that no matter what attempts are made to secure access to certain content online , there 's no guarantee it will remain private once a digital file leaves the confines of your own personal hard drive .
Norvic Philatelics - GB New Stamps and Special Postmarks
Design Classics : Classic Album Covers - 7 January 2010
After the success of 2009 ’s British Design Classics , 2010 opens with a look at the classic art of the album cover .
For decades the album sleeve has been the canvas for some of the most
imaginative graphic artists in the world .
This stamp issue salutes this unique art form and celebrates some of the greatest examples , used by UK artists .
This band of designers and photographers have not only reflected the visual styles of many musical cultures , but have also defined and created them , too .
The stamp issue explores some of the most potent graphic images of modern times , many of which have provided a visual soundtrack to people ’s lives .
Many of the most significant graphic designers of the last 40 years are represented by this selection of ten iconic album covers .
Welcome to visitors who have come here from various music magazine sites , blogs etc .
If you want to find more about stamp products and how to get these stamps , please visit our page for newcomers .
Let me know
when this
page changes
it 's private powered by
ChangeDetection
Set of 10 self - adhesive stamps :
Sheet 1 - strip of 5
a. The Division Bell – Pink Floyd 1994 ;
b. A Rush of Blood to the Head - Coldplay 2002 ;
c. Parklife – Blur 1994 ;
d. Power Corruption and Lies – New Order 1983 ;
e. Let It Bleed – The Rolling Stones 1969 Sheet 2 - strip of 5
a. London Calling – The Clash 1979 ;
b. Tubular Bells – Mike Oldfield 1973 ;
c. IV – Led Zeppelin 1971 ;
d. Screamadelica – Primal Scream 1991 ;
e . The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars – David Bowie 1972 Souvenir Sheet
In the form of a ' Best of ...' album cover this sheet contains the same 10 stamps , the same size , conventionally gummed and perforated .
This picture is from Royal Mail publicity - the actual sheet has a disc at the right , similar to the stamps .
Click on this image for a larger image of the actual sheet .
This sheet is 223 mm x 188 mm ( 8.8 x 7.4 inches ) and there will be a special first day cover to accommodate it .
The FDC is c4 size ( 324 x 227 mm ) - click here to see a photograph , it is too big to scan , but will look good framed !
( We now have no stock of these sheets or covers . )
Authenticity :
This picture shows the corners of the sheet - rounded and creased - but the creases are printed !!
Classic Album Covers Prestige Stamp Book
As usual there are four stamp panes , but with some unusual features .
There are two Machin Definitive panes - which are conventionally gummed .
There are also two Classic Album Covers panes , which will be bound dacing each other and , we believe , self - adhesive .
Pane 3 shows Dusty Springfield on the set of Ready Steady Go! which ran from 1963 .
Pane 4 shows Blur 's Think Tank album cover designed by Banksy .
The original artwork sold for £ 62,400 .
Note , the Machin panes now show scans of actual stamps which are quite different to the previously issued ( sheet ) stamps .
See our blog for details and enlarged images .
Left :
Set on first day cover , as laid out by Royal Mail .
Right :
Prestige stamp book pane on first day cover .
( Royal Mail 's first day covers are designed for the sets , not for the PSB panes .
Almost without fail , PSB panes must conceal part of the cover design . )
This issue celebrates the work of the album sleeve designer , not the music .
Royal Mail began with very extensive research of existing lists and polls of ‘ Greatest Album Covers ’ in books , music press and the web .
This trawl of literally thousands of albums uncovered many that were common to most lists .
The editors of three of the UK ’s most influential music publications together with a number of graphic designers and design writers were asked to independently list the most significant album sleeve artwork used on records by British artists .
Royal Mail reviewed all the research to assemble a shortlist of albums that spanned the decades from the 1960s .
Some albums could not be included for operational reasons ( for instance , designs that were too dark ) , after final deliberation the ten albums were arrived at .
Technical details :
The stamps and souvenir sheet were designed by Studio Dempsey using photography by Andy Seymour .
The sheet stamps are printed by De La Rue Security Print in gravure .
The self - adhesive stamps are printed in two separate sheets of 25 , enabling customers to buy vertical strips of 5 of the same design , with all - over phosphor .
The size is 34 mm x 32 mm including the disc .
The souvenir sheet ( 223 x 188 mm ) with water - activated gum is printed by lithography by Cartor Security Printing .
Souvenir FDC is 324 x 227 mm .
The stamp size is 34 mm x 32 mm including the disc .
All images of stamps and postmarks Copyright Royal Mail Ltd 2009 and used with permission .
Copyright and credit details for album covers etc : The Division Bell by Pink Floyd – design by Storm Thorgerson , licensed courtesy of Pink Floyd ( 1987 ) Ltd ; A Rush of Blood to the Head by Coldplay – design by Sølve Sundsbø ; Parklife by Blur – design by Chris Thomson / Stylorouge , photography by Bob Thomas ; Power , Corruption and Lies by New Order – Factory 1983 , design by Peter Saville , A Basket of Roses by Henri Fantin - Latour , 1890 ; Let It Bleed by The Rolling Stones – courtesy of ABKCO Records , original cover and liner design by Robert Brownjohn , photo by Don McAllester , cake by Delia Smith ; London Calling by The Clash – photograph © Pennie Smith ; Tubular Bells by Mike Oldfield – licensed courtesy of Mercury Records Limited ; Led Zeppelin IV by Led Zeppelin © Superhype Tapes Ltd. Reproduced by permission of Led Zeppelin ; Screamadelica by Primal Scream – Artist : Paul Cannell , Courtesy Primal Scream / Sony Music Entertainment UK Ltd ; The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars by David Bowie – courtesy of Risky Folio Inc. on behalf of David Bowie .
Sample Postcards
Special Postmarks
Postmarks available for the day of issue are shown below - these may not be to scale .
Note the Souvenir Cover FDC was only available with N11586 .
Ref FD1001
Philatelic Bureau Official Postmark Ref FD1002
Oldfield , Keighley , Official Postmark Ref FD1002NP
Oldfield , Keighley , Official non-pictorial Postmark Ref L11572
Isle of Wight * Ref L11573
Park Lane , London W1 Ref L11574
Reading , Berkshire * Ref L11575
Engineers Way , Wembley Ref L11576
Classic Album Art , London Ref L11577
Regal Way , Harrow Ref L11578
Britain's Interactive Museum of Popular Music , The O2 arena , Greenwich SE10 Ref L11579
Wonderful Pirate Radio , Frinton - on - Sea Ref L11580
London Ref M11584
Plant Street , Cradley Heath Ref N11585
Sound , Nantwich Ref N11586 Oldfield , Keighley
( As FD1002 but does not include ' First Day of Issue ' ) Ref N11587 - Music Industries Association , Music for All , Gt Bookham , Leatherhead Ref N11588 GBFDC Assoc. Bells Lane , Liverpool Ref W11591
Glastonbury , Somerset * Ref L11594 Pink Floyd
The Division Bell , Ely , Cambridge Ref L11595
Brixton , SW2 * POSTMARK EXPLANATIONS
L11572 , L11574 & W11591 - Music Festivals at the Isle of Wight , Reading , and Glastonbury .
<<<<<
Ref L11625
The Rolling Stones , Olympic Studios , London SW13
If you have any questions not answered on this page , or the order form , please email us - and do n't forget to tell us which country you are in .
This page updated 4 April 2011 - copyright Norvic Philatelics 2009/10
Nasi sushi adalah bahan dasar dari banyak variasi sushi .
Ini adalah bahan utama dari hidangan sushi apa pun , dan itu akan menentukan kual ...
Lost city of Atlantis discovered ?
Grainy images show city - like formations at the bottom of the Caribbean
A group of ' undersea archaeologists ' have become the latest to claim they have uncovered the lost city of Atlantis .
The scientists - who have refused to identify themselves - have released a series of images taken beneath the Caribbean .
They insist the snaps show what appear to be the ruins of a city that could pre-date Egypt 's pyramids , which appeared after 2600BC .
The pattern on the sea-bed could be the ruins of a city that pre-dates the Egyptian pyramids , the group said
Could it be ?
The grainy images , released to a French newspaper by an anonymous group , appear to show grid - like structures that resemble the streets of a city
They even told a French newspaper that one of the structures appears to be a pyramid .
Now the anonymous group wants to raise funds to explore the secret location where the images were taken .
They would not reveal the exact location , however , saying only that it was somewhere in the Caribbean Sea .
The claims have raised eyebrows on the internet , though sceptics refrained from debunking them entirely - just in case .
Mysterious :
The group said the images were taken beneath the Caribbean Sea - but they would not give an exact location , saying they are hoping to raise funds to explore further
The images are taken from beneath the Caribbean Sea , the researchers claim - though they would not reveal the exact location
The legend of Atlantis , a city of astonishing wealth , knowledge and power that sank beneath the ocean waves , has fascinated millions .
Time and time again hopes have been raised that the lost city has been found - only for those hopes to be dashed against the evidence ( or lack thereof ) .
Its location - or at least the source of the legend - remained a tantalising mystery .
Take action now to educate the Associated Press
Share this story everywhere
My own letter to the Associated Press
( Natural News ) The Associated Press continues its assault on alternative medicine , led by writer Marilynn Marchione who writes attack pieces on everything under the sun ( including the sun itself ) related to alternative medicine and natural therapies .
The Associated Press continues to publish stories carrying this highly - opinionated ( and provably false ) header :
As NaturalNews previously reported , it 's all part of the AP 's assault on natural medicine , nutrition , medicinal herbs and naturopathic therapies ( https://www.naturalnews.com/027424_medicine_a... ) .
The AP , it seems , has decided to ally itself with pharmaceutical medicine and spend its time and money hiring writers who promote drugs and discredit anything natural .
A recent story by Marchione , for example , claims that statin drugs help prevent swine flu !
It 's quite clear that AP is following a specific agenda to destroy the reputation of natural medicine while boosting public perception of pharmaceuticals .
And yet , in reality , it is Big Pharma that has delivered no cures .
But the sick - care industry has delivered America into financial bankruptcy and helped our nation become the most diseased population in the history of human civilization .
AP feels no need to report on that inconvenient truth .
Rather , it sees its job asin America while destroying the credibility of far safer and more effective natural therapies that could help turn around America 's health .
The Associated Press is sadly misinformed about natural medicine , and yet their stories are syndicated across thousands of newspapers and millions of web pages each day .
NaturalNews is asking readers to contact AP and express both your displeasure with their outright bias against natural medicine and their lack of information about the safety and effectiveness of natural , " alternative " therapies .
AP's contact information is here : Their general email address is Their main phone number is ( 212 ) 621-1500 .
You can also find phone numbers for their various local bureaus at the web page link provided above .
and tell them their stories by Marilynn Marchione are a disgrace to the AP 's own reputation as an " objective " news source .
Share with them why you 'd like to see more balanced coverage of alternative medicine Be polite .
Do not scream or use profanity when contacting the AP .
Be professional but firm .
The way in which you interact with AP will shape the way they see perceive people from the alternative health community .
You may wish to share a success story of how alternative medicine has helped you overcome a disease , or you might express how much you dislike the obvious pro-pharma bias found in Marchione 's articles .
If you 'd like to take this even further , .
Tell your local newspaper editor that AP has become a biased news organization operating with an agenda to attack and discredit alternative medicine , and that if your paper continues to run such biased AP stories , you willor stop buying the paper .
as a news consumer willing to pick up the phone and make your voice heard .
Your comments will make huge waves across the newspaper industry , and your effort can help correct the AP 's misguided assault on alternative medicine , hopefully returning it to a more objective and balanced news provider .
So please join NaturalNews readers from all across the world in calling and emailing the Associated Press today to object to their biased , highly - opinionated attacks on alternative medicine .
Here 's the contact page , once again : Use the power of the internet to get this story out to as many people as possible , and encourage them to join in this effort to help educate the Associated Press about the many benefits of alternative medicine .
This is important .
The AP is syndicated across thousands of news publishers .
Because of their position , they have a special responsibility to be objective in their coverage of alternative medicine .
Each day that they publish distorted stories attacking alternative medicine is another day that potentially millions of readers around the world are deceived into thinking natural medicine is worthless .
( This is , of course , the whole purpose of the AP 's agenda . )
Dear Associated Press , As the editor of NaturalNews.com , I am appalled at the highly - opinionated , agenda - driven news stories your organization continues to publish .
Written by Marilynn Marchione , these stories carry a header " editor 's note " that essentially declares alternative medicine to be utterly worthless .
Each of these stories then proceeds to attack alternative medicine in a blatantly biased , opinionated manner that has absolutely no journalistic credibility .
With each one of these stories you publish , your organization is losing more of its journalistic integrity .
While " AP " once stood for objective , honest journalism , these attacks on alternative medicine are now earning you a reputation for agenda - driven reporting , fueled by the financial interests of the pharmaceutical companies that provide tens of millions of dollars in advertising revenue each year to the newspapers that carry your stories .
Word is already spreading across the ' net : .
The news you publish is " shaped " to appease corporate interests .
Rather than seeking to report the facts , the Associated Press is now engaged in a campaign to intentionally misinform readers and destroy alternative medicine .
If this highly opinionated , biased reporting continues to be published by AP , NaturalNews and other independent media sites across the ' net will announce an " AP boycott " that seeks to encourage newspapers and websites to drop AP services altogether .
We will bring together millions of readers who find tremendous value in alternative medicine and natural therapies , and we will make our voices heard with local and national newspapers that subscribe to AP services .
Due to declining revenues , many newspapers are right now reevaluating their contracts with AP .
Some have already announced plans to drop your services .
Should you continue to publish such biased and defamatory articles attacking alternative medicine , we will seek to rally millions of alternative medicine supporters to contact their local papers and complain about the lack of journalistic integrity in AP stories .
There 's nothing wrong with publishing objective stories pointing out both the strengths and weaknesses of various alternative medicine therapies , but to publish an AP story with the pretext that alternative medicine is worthless is simply inexcusable .
It 's also inaccurate .
In fact , it turns out that conventional ( pharmaceutical ) medicine is the branch of medicine that has offered no cures for degenerative disease .
Alternative medicine provides many cures , including affordable , readily - available cures for diabetes , heart disease and cancer .
If you are not aware of these cures , perhaps your writers need to familiarize themselves with more of what 's really happening across America :
The raw foods movement , juicing , healing and rejuvenation centers , chelation therapy , herbal medicine , superfoods and energy medicine ( to name just a few ) .
Years ago , when I followed conventional medicine , I was nearly obese , diabetes , depressed and diseased .
Today , after adhering to " alternative " ( natural ) therapies , I remain in perfect health .
I have n't been sick in years and no longer carry any health insurance because I take responsibility for my own health .
My risk of cancer is near - zero , and even if I developed cancer , I know precisely how to reverse it using natural therapies .
This is the kind of information your readers deserve to know .
But instead of educating your readers , you are isolating them from the very information that could save their lives .
In this way , the AP is not merely violating journalist integrity , it is also violating the laws of morality and common human decency .
You have a responsibility to use your influence to help bring real health solutions to consumers , but sadly , you have chosen to use your organization to keep the People ignorant of natural health solutions while promoting the corporate agenda of the pharmaceutical companies .
The People have the right to know the truth about the healing potential of safe , natural healing therapies , and you have a journalistic responsibility to cover these stories objectively and honestly .
By continuing to publish your opinionated and distorted stories attacking alternative medicine , you only destroy your own reputation as a once - trusted news organization that has now sold out its reputation to Big Pharma .
End your assault on alternative medicine and you will restore credibility to the AP .
Regards , - Mike AdamsEditor , NaturalNews.com
As a gay Ugandan , Frank Mugisha has endured insults from strangers , hate messages on his phone , police harassment and being outed in a tabloid as one of the country 's " top homos " .
That may soon seem like the good old days .
Life imprisonment is the minimum punishment for anyone convicted of having gay sex , under an anti-homosexuality bill currently before Uganda 's parliament .
If the accused person is HIV positive or a serial offender , or a " person of authority " over the other partner , or if the " victim " is under 18 , a conviction will result in the death penalty .
Members of the public are obliged to report any homosexual activity to police with 24 hours or risk up to three years in jail – a scenario that human rights campaigners say will result in a witchhunt .
Ugandans breaking the new law abroad will be subject to extradition requests .
" The bill is haunting us , " said Mugisha , 25 , chairman of Sexual Minorities Uganda , a coalition of local lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex groups that will all be banned under the law .
" If this passes we will have to leave the country . "
Human rights groups within and outside Uganda have condemned the proposed legislation , which is designed to strengthen colonial - era laws that already criminalise gay sex .
The issue threatened to overshadow the Commonwealth heads of government meeting that ended in Trinidad and Tobago today , with the UK and Canada both expressing strong concerns .
Ahead of the meeting Stephen Lewis , a former UN envoy on Aids in Africa , said the law " makes a mockery of Commonwealth principles " and has " a taste of fascism " about it .
But within Uganda deeply - rooted homophobia , aided by a US - linked evangelical campaign alleging that gay men are trying to " recruit " schoolchildren , and that homosexuality is a habit that can be " cured " , has ensured widespread public support for the bill .
President Yoweri Museveni appeared to add his backing earlier this month , warning youths in Kampala that he had heard that " European homosexuals are recruiting in Africa " , and saying gay relationships were against God 's will .
" We used to say Mr and Mrs , but now it is Mr and Mr. What is that now ? " he said .
In a interview with the Guardian , James Nsaba Buturo , the minister of state for ethics and integrity , said the government was determined to pass the legislation , ideally before the end of 2009 , even if meant withdrawing from international treaties and conventions such as the UN's Universal Declaration on Human Rights , and foregoing donor funding .
" We are talking about anal sex .
Not even animals do that , " Butoro said , adding that he was personally caring for six " former homosexuals " who had been traumatised by the experience .
" We believe there are limits to human rights . "
Homosexuality has always been a taboo subject in Uganda , and is considered by many to be an affront both to local culture and religion , which plays a strong role in family life .
This stigma and the real threat of job loss means that no public personality has ever " come out " .
Even local HIV campaigns – which have been heavily influenced by the evangelical church with a bias towards abstinence over condom use – have deliberately avoided targeting gay men for both prevention and access to treatment .
" This means many gay men here think Aids is a non-issue , which is so dangerous , " said Mugisha , who together with a few colleagues , has risked arrest by agitating in recent years for a change in the HIV policy .
At the same time , some influential religious leaders have warned about the dangers of accepting liberal western attitudes towards homosexuality .
Both opponents and supporters agree that the impetus for the a more hardline law came in March during a seminar in Kampala to " expose the truth behind homosexuality and the homosexual agenda " .
The main speakers were three US evangelists : Scott Lively , Don Schmierer and Caleb Lee Brundidge .
Lively is a noted anti-gay activist and president of Defend the Family International , a conservative Christian association , while Schmierer is an author who works with " homosexual recovery groups " .
Brundidge is a " sexual reorientation coach " at the International Healing Foundation .
The seminar was organised by Stephen Langa , a Ugandan electrician turned pastor who runs the Family Life Network in Kampala and has been spreading the message that gays are targeting schoolchildren for " conversion " .
" They give money to children to recruit schoolmates – once you have two children , the whole school is gone , " he said in an interview .
Asked if there had been any court case to prove this was happening , he replied : " No , that 's why this law is needed . "
After the conference Langa arranged for a petition signed by thousands of concerned parents to be delivered to parliament in April .
Within a few months the bill had been drawn up .
[ In an email to the Guardian on 30 November , Scott Lively said , " I have stated publicly that I do not support the bill as written .
It is far too harsh and punitive .
My purpose in addressing members of the Uganda parliament in March was to urge them to emphasise therapy , not punishment in their anti-homosexuality law . "
His long - standing position was , he said , that public policy should " actively discourage homosexuality but only as aggressively as necessary to prevent its public advocacy , much the way laws against marijuana are used in various states here in the US : the law is very lightly enforced , if ever , but the fact the law is on the books prevents advocates of the drug from promoting it , for example , in public schools . " ]
Christopher Senyonjo , a retired Anglican bishop , said the bill would push Uganda towards being a police state .
" This law is being influenced by some evangelicals abroad , " he said .
" There 's a lack of understanding about homosexuality – it's not recruitment , it 's orientation . "
But among religious leaders of all faiths his is a rare voice .
Langa , the pastor , said the only thing lacking in the legislation was a clause for " rehabilitation " of homosexuals , whom he " loves " and wants to help .
Gay rights had the potential to destroy civilisation , as the west could soon find out , he said .
" As one parent told me : ' We would rather live in grass huts with our morality than in skyscrapers among homosexuals ' . "
• This article was updated on 1 December 2009 to add a later comment by Scott Lively .
A sub-heading - US evangelists are main activists behind measure - was amended to clarify that the evangelists were pressing for tougher laws , rather than specifically for the death penalty .
Is Forex Market Different From Stock Market ?
DEN HAAG - Alle initiatieven ten spijt , het vijfjarig project Convenant overgewicht heeft nog niet geleid tot een daling van het aantal mensen met overgewicht in Nederland .
Sterker nog ; het aantal mensen dat te zwaar is , nam de afgelopen vijf jaar zelfs toe .
Dat blijkt uit de cijfers , verzameld in het eindrapport Convenant overgewicht dat voorzitter Paul Rosenmöller maandag in het stadion van ADO Den Haag zal presenteren aan minister Ab Klink van Volksgezondheid .
Daar tekent Rosenmöller tegelijkertijd een nieuw contract met de minister voor een nieuw convenant onder de naam Convenant Gezond Gewicht .
Hiermee moet Nederland over vijf jaar de gezondste jongeren van Europa hebben .
Jeugd
Afgezien van hoe dat wordt gemeten , blijkt uit de cijfers in het rapport dat bij zowel de volwassenen als bij de jeugd het aantal mensen met overgewicht de afgelopen vijf jaar is gestegen .
'' Bij de start van het Convenant overgewicht in 2005 was gemiddeld 40 procent van de volwassen Nederlanders te zwaar en 10 procent veel te zwaar .
Op dit moment heeft 46 procent van de volwassenen overgewicht en 11 procent obesitas '' , staat in het rapport .
Kinderen
Onder kinderen is nu 14,5 procent van de jongens te zwaar en 17,5 procent van de meisjes , inclusief obesitas ( ernstig overgewicht ) .
In 2005 had 13 procent van de jongens overgewicht en 14 procent van de meisjes .
Afgezet tegen de afgelopen dertig jaar laten cijfers van het Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek ( CBS ) zien dat overgewicht sinds 2000 stabiliseert .
'' Het percentage obesitaslijders groeit echter gestaag verder . ''
Gemeentebeleid
Bij de presentatie wil Rosenmöller gemeenteraden oproepen om zijn nieuwe ambitie , de gezondste jongeren van Europa , speerpunt te maken voor de komende verkiezingen .
Het zou daarom een prominente plek in het nieuwe gemeentebeleid moeten krijgen .
Het convenantbureau ondersteunt de komende vijf jaar gemeenten die samen met publieke en private partijen bouwen aan een gezonde gemeente .
Sommige steden zijn daar al mee bezig .
Aandacht
Rosenmöller is blij met de aandacht die er de afgelopen vijf jaar is geweest voor een gezondere levensstijl .
Hij ziet dat het thema overgewicht nu wel op de agenda is gekomen van gemeenten , bedrijven , maar vooral ook burgers .
'' We hebben veel bereikt op het gebied van aandacht en bewustwording . ''
For such a small member of the solar system , about which relatively little is known , Pluto has an impressive following .
When the news that the ninth planet had been stripped of its planethood got out , the public outcry was immediate .
From school children to space enthusiasts , and many in between , people leapt to Pluto 's defense .
PLUTOMANIA : More From Wired.com
Exclusive Excerpt from " The Case for Pluto "
by Alan Boyle
Wired 's Dwarf Planet Rebranding Contest
NASA 's Mission to Pluto : New Horizons 2015
How did it inspire so much support from so many corners ?
Why did the International Astronomical Union decide to demote Pluto to a dwarf planet ?
Is there any hope the popular celestial object will regain its planetary status ?
To find out , Wired.com spoke with MSNBC.com science editor Alan Boyle , who reported on the events that culminated in Pluto 's ouster for his blog Cosmic Log as they unfolded .
Now Boyle has reported the rest of the intriguing story in his new book " The Case for Pluto : How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference , " which comes in an appropriately endearing little package .
— ——
Wired.com :
Why does the public care so much whether or not Pluto is a planet ?
Boyle :
Some people say it 's because of the Disney dog , that kids that grew up with Pluto the pup just have a natural affinity for Pluto the planet .
And that 's definitely part of it , but I think that there 's something more to it .
Throughout most of the history of that little world , we 've thought of it as a poor little oddball that did n't fit in with the rest of the kids in the solar system and really needed to be protected .
So to my mind it 's really not so much about the dog , but it 's about the underdog .
Wired.com :
Why is it important to scientists whether we call Pluto a planet or not ?
Boyle :
Some scientists will go to the barricades to make sure that it 's called a planet and other scientists will resist that idea .
I think when you get right down to it , I 'm not sure the name makes a lot of difference in terms of the scientific study of these planets .
It 's more a question of how , for example , the general public thinks about how our cosmos is structured .
There might be a slight difference in the way projects are funded if there 's a perception that these are just cosmic leftovers and they really do n't count for much in the solar system .
That might have a marginal effect on what sort of space missions are funded , what sorts of observational campaigns are taken on .
I think that the scientists are really keyed in on that .
And even Caltech astronomer Mike Brown , whose Twitter handle is @plutokiller , even he is fascinated with these objects that are out there .
Wired.com : How does Pluto 's planetary status affect how the general public views the cosmos ?
Boyle : I think the case of the asteroids is a good illustration of what 's going on .
When people memorized the nine planets they completely forgot about this string of small bodies , the asteroids .
The biggest of these , Ceres , is now a dwarf planet .
Strangely enough this whole controversy has elevated the profile of Ceres at the same time that it 's made people wonder a little bit about Pluto .
We 're finding out that for all sorts of reasons , the asteroids are a pretty important element in the solar system .
They could be a great source of resources in the future .
They could pose a threat as we 've seen recently with July 's " Great Black Spot " — the collision of some object with Jupiter .
And just this month there was a pretty significant bolide – what people think was an asteroid came into the atmosphere over Indonesia and was one of the biggest blowups that has been observed yet .
I think you can extend some of that example of asteroids to the far zone of the solar system as well .
We really need to keep that in consciousness when we 're thinking about the solar system .
If you limit your understanding of the solar system to just memorizing eight or nine names , you 're really missing out .
Wired.com :
So the asteroids and the rest of the outer solar system have benefited from Pluto being demoted ?
Boyle :
It 's kind of like what celebrities sometimes say , that I do n't care if you speak ill or well of me , as long as you spell my name right .
The fact that people are finding this interesting enough to quarrel over helps put the spotlight on those regions of the solar system that were maybe in the shadows before .
And I think that having a wider view of what you call a planet really helps to 1 ) emphasize the diversity in the solar system , and 2 ) keep in mind that there are very interesting objects that could be weirder than we imagined but still can fit into the planetary tribe .
Wired.com : How was Pluto first discovered ?
Alan Boyle :
There had been another planet , which came to be known as Neptune , which was found by figuring out how the gravitational interactions of all the planets came together .
They figured that there had to be something extra there .
So some people thought it was the same situation as after Neptune was found :
There had to be some sort of extra gravitational pull .
A lot of people theorized that there had to be another planet , Planet N or Planet O , P , Q or whatever .
So this guy named Percival Lowell tried to find that planet but could n't do it .
He died in 1916 , and it took a while for the Lowell Observatory , which he founded , to get back into the search .
But eventually this guy named Clyde Tombaugh , a Kansas farm boy , started the search .
Tombaugh was a really interesting guy because he was a very detail - oriented young man .
He undertook a very meticulous , dedicated search of the parts of the sky that were imaged by the Lowell Observatory 's telescope , and eventually he found it just by sticking with it .
At first they did n't know what it was , people started talking about the ninth planet , and the rest is history .
Wired.com :
Where did the name Pluto come from ?
Boyle :
There were three names that had been bandied about .
One was Minerva , but people found out there was already an asteroid named Minerva .
One was Cronus , but astronomers at the Lowell Observatory decided that they did n't want to name it Cronus because an astronomer they did n't like came up with that name , and they were afraid that the astronomer would steal the credit if they used that name .
And the third name was Pluto .
There had been talk about maybe if we found another planet , we would name it Pluto , and so that was definitely on the list .
The bad thing about it was that there happened to be a type of laxative water known as " Pluto Water . "
And so the trustee of the Lowell Observatory thought maybe that was n't the right name for it .
But , on the other hand , they did have this telegram from Britain where an 11 - year - old girl named Venetia Burney had suggested this name .
So there was really definitely a cute factor from the beginning of Pluto 's christening .
And they went with that .
And then the Disney dog of course .
That added to the cuteness factor .
Wired.com : Pluto was found in 1930 , so why did it take until just recently to find any of these similar things ?
Boyle :
The simple answer is telescopes and patience .
The telescopes had to be powerful enough to find dim objects on the edge of the solar system .
And it also takes a lot of patience to do the sort of thing that Clyde Tombaugh did , where you compare pictures back and forth .
So really , it took a couple of patient people , David Jewitt and Jane Luu , to get the imagery of the area where these faraway objects might be found .
They also employed computers , which were coming onto the scene , and the computers could automate these sorts of tasks .
That has really revolutionized the field .
It 's unimaginable that people could do this sort of astronomy without having high - powered computers to help with the task .
Wired.com :
Why do scientists care so much about Pluto ?
Boyle : Pluto , when you look back at it , was actually the first object of the great third zone beyond the part of the solar system that people knew about : the inner rocky planets and the outer giant planets .
Clyde Tombaugh was the first to find one of these icy worlds on the very rim of the solar system , and that sparked a lot of discussion about how it got there and how solar systems are created anyway .
And whether you call Pluto a planet or a dwarf planet or a sleazy ice ball , you 've got to admit that Pluto really pioneered the exploration of that icy zone of the solar system and helped us to find the ice worlds , the rings of ice that exist in other solar systems as well .
So naturally astronomers want to find out more about this frontier , and there are a lot of interesting attributes .
It could have been the place that provided the building blocks for life .
It could be the last redoubt of life millions of years from now when the sun gets big and hot .
There 's a lot to look at in that area of our solar system , and it sparks great questions about what 's happening in other planetary systems as well .
Wired.com :
What does it take to qualify as a planet now ?
Boyle :
The way the [ International Astronomical Union ] sees it , it 's an object that 's going around the sun and has the mass sufficient to crush it into a round shape — so - called hydrostatic equilibrium .
And then you 've got the standard that it has to have cleared out its orbital neighborhood .
And that is the standard that caused all the controversy and continues to cause all the controversy .
Even people who were kind of in favor of the way the IAU decision turned out admit that that standard really needs to have some work done .
It depends on how you define the neighborhood , and how you define the biggest thing in the neighborhood .
Arguably , Pluto could be the biggest thing in its zone because it makes as much as 7 percent of the Kuiper Belt by mass .
Some researchers have tried to come up with a quantifiable way of defining that " clearing out the neighborhood " standard , but there is some strangeness involved in that .
For instance , if you were to put Earth out where Pluto is , it would not be considered a planet .
So a lot of people say that any standard that does not have an Earth - size object as a planet is not an acceptable standard .
But that sparks a whole new debate over whether Earth would exist or if it 's possible for an Earth - size object to exist in that kind of environment .
That gets into the whole question of Planet X — the idea that there might be a pretty significantly massive body out in the even farther reaches of the solar system known as the Oort cloud .
The folks who are trying to shore up the IAU standard argue that such a planet , even if it was as big as Earth , could not be considered a planet .
They 're trying to come up with another term for that kind of body , for example calling it a scattered planet .
It 's a little tricky to work out all the implications of this somewhat confusing standard .
Wired.com :
How many fellow dwarf planets does Pluto currently have ?
Boyle : Right now , going by the IAU 's criterion , there are four dwarf planets in the Kuiper Belt , in that far zone of the solar system .
And then you have one in the asteroid belt — that 's Ceres .
So there are five in all , including Pluto .
It could be that there are more .
We 're using the IAU criterion here that a dwarf planet is something that is massive enough to crush the object into a round shape , but that the object is among other objects at the same orbital distance — they do n't meet the so - called clearing - out - the - neighborhood standard .
Wired.com :
What happened at the IAU meeting in Prague in 2006 that led you to name a chapter of your book " The Battle of Prague " ?
Boyle :
It just really demonstrates how political the scientific process can get .
When you look at the deliberations that came before the general assembly and the maneuvering that came during the general assembly , it reads almost like one of these political novels where one side is trying to put forward one idea , and the other side becomes the opposition and uses the bureaucratic process to do a little bit of jujitsu and get the outcome that they wanted .
Wired.com : Will Pluto ever be a planet again ?
Boyle :
The IAU , I do n't believe they have any intention of touching this issue again with a 10 - AU - long pole .
They do n't want to get into this again .
It was so divisive and so unpleasant .
I think it will be a long time before the IAU goes anywhere near trying to define a central concept in science like this again .
And then on the other side , some people might ask , ' Why do n't the defenders of Pluto 's dignity come out and try to get it reversed by the IAU ? '
And the answer is that these are the very people who say the IAU has lost their legitimacy .
So it would be like someone saying that such and such a tribunal is a kangaroo court and we can't get a fair hearing there , and then the next year coming back and trying to get something from that very same court .
It just would n't work .
Wired.com :
Where do you stand on Pluto 's planetary status ?
Boyle : I would say that it should be considered a different kind of planet .
I 'm fine with calling it a dwarf planet or a minor planet or whatever .
But I do n't think that it 's really the right decision to say that dwarf planets are not planets .
I think that is what 's going to confuse people .
I really favor having a big tent for the planet category , and it 's OK if you have 50 or 100 or 200 or 500 planets out there .
These things that are massive enough to have a round shape have lots of important characteristics that bring them together into a very broad category .
The point is not so much , ' Gee it 's in a nice round shape . "
The point is that when you have that massive of an object you have differentiation , you have the potential for geologic activity .
People think that there might be ice volcanoes on Charon , there happens to be an atmosphere on Pluto — these qualities are things that are central to planetary science .
So I think it would be wrong to try to make this formalistic how - many - pigeon - holes - do - you - have type of decision on this very central term in planetary science .
Wired.com :
What was your gut reaction when you heard Pluto had been demoted ?
Boyle : I was intrigued .
One of the stories I worked on in the wake of that was , what 's this going to do to all the websites , all the textbooks , all the toys that are out there ?
Are people suddenly going to be selling just eight planets in their solar - system kit rather than nine ?
I did think that it was kind of a done deal , that OK , the decision 's made and we 'll just kind of move on , and sure , there are problems but they 'll get ironed out as time goes on .
I said so in the Cosmic Log , that no matter how you stand on it , now that the IAU has spoken , that 's gonna be something that scientists and the general public are going to have to live with .
That 's when I heard from the people on the other side of the question who said it ain't over yet .
And I found that intriguing , that even though an authoritative body spoke out on this , there was still debate that continues to this day .
So that 's an interesting phenomenon in science to see that .
There are parallels to other controversies , over stem cells or climate change or whatever .
And it illustrates that science is not something that 's decided by a vote .
It 's almost like you have a quantum state of superposition where something is a planet and is not a planet at the same time , and it takes a while for it to collapse into one state or the other .
I think it 's still a little bit up in the air .
We have some uncertainty about this whole question yet .
And I think that will continue at least until 2015 when the New Horizons probe goes to Pluto and people see with their own eyes what this thing , whether you call it a dwarf planet or a planet or whatever , what this thing looks like .
Wired.com : Will Pluto 's status affect how we handle planets outside of our solar system ?
Boyle :
Of course there are about 400 extrasolar planets that have been found right now , and some of them are as weird as Pluto , if not weirder .
There 's one planetary system where you have two planets that are about Saturn - or Jupiter - size that are stuck in the same kind of resonance that Pluto and Neptune are stuck in , and it 's fascinating to see .
This is obviously a planetary system where neither planet can clear out its orbit and yet they 're both considered planets .
So it 's another argument for not trying to get too precise about how you define a planet at this point .
That 's going to be a big thing going forward with Kepler and Corot and all the exoplanet searches :
As we see more diversity in planets , I think that will cause us to rethink our basic concepts on this whole question of planets .
Images : 1 ) NASA .
2 ) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
3 ) Advertising Ephemera Collection - Database # A0160 , Emergence of Advertising On - Line Project , John W. Hartman Center for Sales , Advertising & Marketing History , Duke University Rare Book , Manuscript , and Special Collections Library .
4 ) NASA .
Actress Felicia
Day will reprise her role from the unaired ( at least in the U.S. ) episode of “ Dollhouse , ” “ Epitaph 1 ” when the series bows early next year .
“ They wrap up the storyline in an amazing way and I ’m blown away by the writing , ” Day says of the Season 2 finale .
Like its predecessor Epitaph 1 , the sequel is a modern zombie tale set in the future .
“ I play Mag .
She ’s part of group of renegades who find their way into the Dollhouse and relive some of the steps of how society degenerated because of the Dollhouse technology .
The episode is crazy and wonderful and it ’s just so much fun working with such great people . ”
Day went on to tell TV Guide that the cast ’s saying good - bye to the sophomore seires has n’t been easy .
“ Obviously people are sad .
Acting that the end of the day is a job that you put a little bit of your heart into , ” she says .
“ But they know they ’ve made a lot of great episodes and I ca n’t wait to see what everybody does next . ”
“ Dollhouse ” airs Fridays on Fox .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
As Los Angeles housing advocates launched a campaign warning of mortgage rescue scams , a couple hit by foreclosure are charged with torturing two loan - modification agents they suspected of fraud , authorities said on Monday .
The couple , Daniel Weston and Mary Ann Parmelee , and three other people are accused of luring their two victims to an office where the men were tied up , held for hours and beaten , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney said .
Police were called after one of the victims managed to escape , said the spokeswoman , Shiara Davila - Morales .
The incident occurred on Wednesday in the town of Glendale , just north of Los Angeles .
Weston , Parmelee and the three other defendants each were charged with two counts of torture , two counts of false imprisonment by violence and two counts of second - degree robbery , according to a criminal complaint filed against them .
Weston , 52 , and Parmelee , 51 , both arrested last week and jailed on $ 1 million bond , shared a house in the suburb of La Canada - Flintridge that is in foreclosure , authorities said .
“ The two allegedly sought loan modification assistance from the victims but believed that nothing was being done and wanted their money back , ” a statement from the district attorney ’s office said .
Davila - Morales added that the couple , according to investigators , believed they had been swindled .
Weston and another man , who previously served time for assault , are accused of carrying out the beatings in front of their three co-defendants , who prosecutors say had prior business ties with the two victims by having funneled loan - modification referrals to them .
Each count of felony torture , defined as inflicting “ great bodily injury ” for the purpose of “ revenge , extortion , persuasion and for a sadistic purpose , ” carries a maximum penalty of life in prison .
Defense lawyers were not immediately available for comment .
The case became public as Los Angeles officials and community groups kicked off a national public - awareness effort urging homeowners to beware of bogus loan - modification programs and to report suspicious activity to authorities .
Los Angeles was selected to launch the campaign because the metropolitan region ranks among areas with the highest foreclosure rates nationwide , organizers said .
It 's hard smoking a cigarette when you 're Pete Burns ...
Eighties singer Pete Burns shows how smoking a cigarette can be a real drag .
The former Dead or Alive frontman , who has undergone extensive plastic surgery , appeared to struggle to hold it between his pumped up lips as he lit up outside a west London café yesterday .
Pete , 50 , was joined by his civil partner Michael Simpson who was sporting a goatee beard and a bandanna .
Pete Burns appears to struggle to clamp a cigarette between his surgically enhanced lips as he lit up outside a west London café yesterday
The eccentric You Spin Me Round singer wrapped up warm in a sheepskin coat and the pair looked glum as they sat slurping on their drinks .
He revealed in early 2006 in a pre-Big Brother interview that he had spent almost all of his life savings on eighteen months of reconstructive surgery after a procedure on his lips went horribly wrong .
Earlier this year the star was rushed to hospital after collapsing following kidney failure .
The Eighties singer kept warm against the winter chill in a sheepskin coat
Burns discovered he had seven kidney stones that were so large they would have to be removed via laser surgery .
He seems to be back on track with his husband now , however , following their violent bust - up earlier this year and his subsequent arrest .
Pete claimed that Michael had purposely leaked their sex tape and also insinuated that Michael had been unfaithful throughout their civil partnership .
GETTING PAID GETTING PAID
Weekly wages for private workers after adjusting for inflation : Year Change 2000 - 0.4 % 2001 +1.5 % 2002 +0.2 % 2003 - 0.7 % 2004 - 0.2 % 2005 - 0.4 % 2006 + 2.2 % 2007 - 1.2 % 2008 +2.4 % 2009 - 1.4 % Note : 2009 figure through September Source : Bureau of Labor Statistics
A bad economy and low inflation are starting to drag down wages for millions of everyday workers and freeze benefits for millions of retirees .
Average weekly wages have fallen 1.4 % this year for private - sector workers through September , after adjusting for inflation , to $ 616.11 , a USA TODAY analysis of Bureau of Labor Statistics data found .
If that trend holds , it will mark the biggest annual decline in real wages since 1991 .
The bureau 's data cover 82 % of private - sector workers but exclude managers and some higher - paid professionals .
" Wages are usually the last thing to deteriorate in a recession , " says economist Heidi Shierholz of the liberal Economic Policy Institute .
" But it 's happening now , and wages are probably going to be held down for a long time . "
SOCIAL SECURITY : Stop - gap debate revs up 401(k ) PLANS : Maximum contributions to stay the same in 2010 Colorado announced this week it will become the first state to lower its minimum wage since the federal minimum wage law was passed in 1938 .
The state will cut its rate by 4 cents to $ 7.24 an hour Jan. 1 , to reflect a drop in the consumer price index .
Retirees are also feeling some pain .
Social Security announced Thursday that it will not give cost - of - living increases to beneficiaries next year because prices have fallen in the past year .
Weekly wages have tumbled largely because employees are working fewer hours — an average of 30 per week — than at anytime since the government began tracking the data in 1964 .
Hourly wages are stagnant or declining , too .
After adjusting for inflation , average hourly wages have dipped a half - percent this year to $ 18.67 an hour in September .
Prices measured by the CPI are down 1.8 % from their peak in July 2008 .
For seven months , the CPI has declined from the same month a year earlier — the longest stretch since 1955 .
That trend is upsetting a wide range of wage - and - benefit packages in this recession .
Nearly 80 million people have wages or benefits tied to changes in the consumer price index .
Those include contracts for 2 million unionized workers , food stamp payments and some child support checks .
The Labor Department announced Thursday that federal pensions wo n't increase next year .
The consumer price index fell 3.3 % in the last quarter of 2008 .
Most cost - of - living adjustments include the end of last year in changes that take effect Jan .
1 . Ten states link minimum wages to inflation .
But , unlike Colorado , most states do not cut minimum wages when prices fall .
Ohio recorded a 0.2 % drop in prices in the past year , says Dennis Ginty of the Ohio Department of Commerce .
Like Social Security rules ,
Ohio's law permits only cost - of - living increases , never decreases , Ginty says .
Business groups say this one - sided inflation adjustment is unfair .
" The bar should move both ways , up and down , if you 're going to have a cost - of - living adjustment , " says Shawn Cleave , a lobbyist for the Oregon Farm Bureau .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( CNN ) -- " Golden Girls " star Bea Arthur 's generosity lives on .
The actress , who died in April , included a $ 300,000 donation to New York 's Ali Forney Center , an organization supporting homeless LGBT youth , in her will , leaving center Executive Director Carl Siciliano overwhelmed by her kindness .
Siciliano said he knew of Arthur 's plan to include the center in her will , but never knew the amount .
He had been struggling to keep the doors of the shelter open .
The organization assists more than 1,000 people each year , providing shelter for those who had to leave home " for being who they are , " Siciliano said .
" The last year and a half , since the economic crisis started , it 's been really hard to keep this program going , " Siciliano said .
" A lot of the foundation and corporate money that we used to get has dried up , and we 've been growing .
Every day , we have about 125 kids a night waiting to get into our housing . "
But on Tuesday morning , a FedEx carrier delivered a $ 300,000 check .
Siciliano said he immediately started to cry .
Arthur 's donation could n't have come at a better time .
" For months , I 've been really sweating to make each payroll , and we 're usually a month or two behind on our rent , and there have been times when I was afraid that I was n't going to hold it together , " he said .
" That kind of terror of [ trying to ] keep this thing going has come to an end for now with this extraordinary generosity . "
Arthur 's relationship with the center goes back to 2005 , when the stage and screen star agreed to do a benefit at the request of a former set designer to help ease the center 's growing pains .
" At that time we were a really small , grassroots organization .
We were only sheltering 12 kids at a time , " Siciliano said .
The amazing thing , he added , is that Arthur " did n't realize at that point what a serious issue it was , that so many thousands of gay kids were on the streets of our country . "
Nevertheless , she was on board .
She flew to New York to reprise her one - woman show , " Bea Arthur on Broadway : Just Between Friends " for one night only , raising more than $ 40,000 for the organization and contributing another sizeable personal donation .
But her generosity did n't stop once the curtain fell .
Arthur consistently raised the issue of LGBT homeless youth in press interviews , such as her November 2005 interview with Next magazine .
" I 'm very , very involved in charities involving youth , " Arthur said in the interview .
" These kids at the Ali Forney Center are literally dumped by their families because of the fact that they are lesbian , gay or transgender -- this organization really is saving lives . "
With Arthur 's donation , Siciliano hopes he can save a few more .
Part of the $ 300,000 will go toward buying a residence that can house 12 , and Siciliano plans on naming it after the woman who helped make it happen .
" To have her choose to shine that kind of light on us was remarkable , " Siciliano said .
" She became an advocate for the issue ; she said she would do anything that she could to help these kids . "
‘‘ This is a once - in - a - lifetime operation that teams would do , ’’ Mr Donnan told reporters outside the hospital .
‘‘ There really still is a long way to go , ’’ Mr Donnan said .
‘‘ The girls have a very difficult time ahead of them .
‘‘ For the hospital , it is a historic moment and , for the girls , an even more historic moment . ’’
The operation went for longer than would have been expected , Mr Donnan said .
He said the staff had taken planned breaks and the twins were well nourished before the operation .
The mood inside the operating theatre had changed following the separation , Mr Donnan said .
‘‘ It ’s been a very nice stage to move into , ’’ he said with a smile .
Surgery to separate Trishna and Krishna began yesterday morning .
Anaesthetist Dr Ian McKenzie told reporters earlier that concerns over problems with Krishna 's kidney had eased .
The orphans were given just a 25 per cent chance of making it through the operation without harm .
The hospital 's experts considered some level of brain damage a 50 per cent chance , and death was also a significant possibility .
However , surgeons were quietly confident yesterday afternoon , saying all the signs so far had been positive .
'' Everyone was particularly optimistic and excited , '' said plastic surgeon Tony Holmes .
Earlier operations to separate blood vessels shared by the twins had been a success with no new major connections appearing .
'' If the blood vessels started to reconnect we would end up with pressure problems , but those connections did n't seem to be major , '' Mr Holmes said .
At 8 am yesterday the unconscious twins were wheeled into an operating theatre usually used for heart surgery and placed face - down on two connected operating tables .
For the first two hours anaesthetists worked to get the twins to the point at which surgery could begin .
'' There 's a lot of mucking around at the beginning of an operation like this , '' Mr Holmes said . '' [ It 's ] mainly for positioning and getting all the tubes right so there 's no pressure on the eyes , no kinks in the tubes .
Once they 're covered up , the anaesthetists have very little chance of getting in .
So that took quite a while , but eventually we got knife to skin at about 10 o'clock . "
Plastic surgeons then took over , led by Mr Holmes and Andrew Greensmith , stripping back the skin that had grown over plastic extenders in order to fit over the twins ' finished heads .
The cuts followed a careful curve so that when the skin was folded back over it would match the shape and hairline of the new skulls .
Midway through this process , Mr Holmes said the skin was healthy and ready for its eventual closure many hours later .
About 1 pm the neurosurgeons took over , cutting into the skull to create a three - by 20 - centimetre '' window ' ' .
Surgeons Wirginia Maixner and Alison
Wray began the intricate work of separating the blood vessels and the brain matter that still linked the twins , while retaining enough of the bony bridge to keep the area stable .
'' It 's step by step going through it , '' Mr Donnan said .
'' You ca n't speed it up , you ca n't slow it down . "
After the neurosurgeons finished , the plastic surgeons would return , closing the brain lining and skulls with artificial caps , then closing the skin .
Mr Donnan said the teams were used to long hours and complex problems - what was new was doing several operations - in - one on two connected patients .
Up to 16 surgeons came and went during the operation , although only a couple could work at a time .
The biggest unknown would be when the twins ' systems were separated for the first time , and their blood pressures stabilised to a new level and their bodies adjusted to a new ' ' dynamic ' ' , Mr Donnan said .
After the operation , the children will go to intensive care .
Brain scans over the following 36 hours will indicate when to make an attempt to wake them .
Loading
But it could be weeks before it is clear whether the surgery has been a complete success .
Atom Rahman , from the Children 's First Foundation charity in Bangladesh , was at the hospital to see the culmination of the work that began when he arranged for the twins , who turn three next month , to come to Australia .
Atom Rahman , from the Children 's First Foundation charity in Bangladesh , was at the hospital to see the culmination of the work that began when he arranged for the twins , who turn three next month , to come to Australia .
- with AAP
US authorities are clamping down on credit rating agencies following heavy criticism of their conduct in the run-up to the financial crisis .
The Securities and Exchange Commission said last night that it is taking action to make ratings agencies more accountable .
It also vowed to restrict the practice of " rating shopping " – where a company would privately approach several agencies to learn what rating they would be awarded .
SEC chairman Mary Schapiro said she was acting because investors who relied on credit ratings have been let down .
" That reliance did not serve them well over the last several years , and it is incumbent upon us to do all that we can to improve the reliability and integrity of the ratings process and give investors the appropriate context for evaluating whether ratings deserve their trust , " explained Schapiro .
Ratings agencies have been heavily criticised since the financial crisis began , amid claims that they handed out ratings to financial securities without properly considering the health of their underlying assets .
One cause of the credit crunch was the fear that apparently safe investments did in fact contain toxic debts , such as sub - prime mortgages .
The ratings sector is dominated by Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch .
Under the SEC 's plan , the agencies would have to publish historical data so that investors could have a better view of their past performance .
It also hopes to encourage rivals to issue more unsolicited ratings , by making agencies release the underlying data they used when assessing a financial product .
Although the SEC is not banning ratings shopping outright , the moves announced last night would force a company to say if it had obtained " pre-ratings " from other agencies .
In a separate move , the SEC proposed banning a practice called " flash trading " – in which certain clients on a stock exchange learned about buy and sell orders a fraction of a second before other traders .
Schapiro said there was a danger that flash orders created " a two - tiered market by allowing only selected participants to access information about the best available prices for listed securities . "
Flash orders are popular with investors which used sophisticated computer - based trading strategies .
The Nasdaq and BATS exchanges had already stopped allowing flash orders earlier this month , but they are still offered by the third US stock exchange , Direct Edge .
In detail
The SEC 's statement announcement included six key points :
• Rules to provide greater information concerning ratings histories – and to enable competing credit rating agencies to offer unsolicited ratings for structured finance products , by granting them access to the necessary underlying data for structured products .
• Amendments that would seek to strengthen compliance programmes through requiring annual compliance reports and enhance disclosure of potential sources of revenue - related conflicts .
• Amendments to the Commission 's rules and forms to remove certain references to credit ratings by nationally recognised statistical rating organisations .
• Reopening the public comment period to allow further comment on Commission proposals to eliminate references to NRSRO credit ratings from certain other rules and forms .
• Proposing new rules that would require disclosure of information including what a credit rating covers and any material limitations on the scope of the rating .
Also disclosure of information on whether any " preliminary ratings " were obtained from other rating agencies – in other words , whether there was " ratings shopping " .
• Seeking public comment on whether to amend Commission rules to subject NRSROs to liability when a rating is used in connection with a registered offering by eliminating a current provision that exempts NRSROs from being treated as experts when their ratings are used that way .
Verizon Wireless has been bashing AT&T and its products lately , in both its " There 's a map for that " ads snarking about AT&T's 3G coverage and the " Droid does " campaign that says the iPhone is a bag of limitations .
Now AT&T is bashing back -- in court .
( See related : Hey AT&T : The Courts Can't Fix Your 3G Network )
As Engadget is reporting , the company is saying that " There 's a map for that " misleads consumers with coverage maps that show what seems to be great swaths of the U.S. with no AT&T coverage , when in fact most of those areas have 2G coverage , but no 3G .
It 's not an irrational point , although I 'm not sure if Verizon 's spot is any more deceptive than all those AT&T ads that say the company has the nation 's fastest 3G network .
It does , but that 3G network is nowhere near as widely deployed as Verizon 's , so slow connectivity is far more of an issue for AT&T customers than for Verizon ones .
( I wonder if Verizon 's ever flirted with suing over those spots ? )
As Engadget notes , there 's an easy fix here :
If Verizon tweaks its maps to show AT&T 's zones of 2G - only coverage , its ad will be just as compelling as the current version - and it 'll be tough for AT&T to claim that there 's anything inaccurate or confusing about the claim .
Here 's hoping that this happens quickly , and that everyone involved goes back to spending money on improving their networks rather than legal wrangling .
This story , " AT&T Takes Verizon to Court Over ' There 's a Map for That ' Ads " was originally published by Technologizer .
So your partner has finally proposed to you and you are now negotiating the minefield of the wedding supplier world .
Every girl dreams of their wedding day as a child and it can be a daunting task to plan every spect of your wedding .
Some couples simply decide to hire a wedding planner to arrange the whole day for them .
Ofcourse there is absolutely nothing wrong with this , it certainly takes away all of the stress .
But ever since you were little you had a picture in your head of how your wedding day would look .
So hiring a wedding planner may not be the best idea if you want control of every little detail .
So where do you start ?
Well there are literally thousands of different wedding suppliers just in Cheshire alone .
From cake makers , djs and ofcourse one of the most important , the wedding photographers !
Suppliers come in all shapes and sizes .
But be extremely careful choosing them .
There is big money in the wedding industry and many scam suppliers are around to happily take your money and then never hear from them again .
So how do you know who to trust .
Look for recommendations for family or friends who have recently been married .
Google the suppliers name and look for their reviews .
In this clip from 1982 , Kermit the Frog introduces Cookie Monster to sing a “ song based on words that rhyme with ‘ oogle ’ and is performed by Old MacDoogle on the bugle . ”
Video after the break .
The Cookie Monster is chosen to sing the lyrics , as his ‘ googly eyes ’ made him ‘ one of the world ’s most famous Googlers , ’ according to Kermit .
The Northern Territory Government says residents of a remote Central Australian community are too scared to leave their houses because it has been overrun by thousands of wild camels .
Local Government Minister , Rob Knight , says the situation is critical .
" The community of Docker River is under siege by 6000 marauding , wild camels , " he said .
He says in the past few weeks , camels have invaded the town in seach of water .
In the process they have trampled infrastructure and invaded the community 's airstrip .
" This is a significant community - some 350 people - where they 've actually come right into the community , smashing infrastructure , so it 's become a critical situation .
" There are health issues , there 's camels being trampled and dead carcasses in the community .
" They are smashing over water mains and intruding on the airstrip causing problems with medical evacuations . "
The Macdonnell Shire Council has been given an emergency fund for a wide - scale cull .
The shire chief executive , Graham Taylor , says immediate action is required .
" We are concerned really about the issue of children running around and wanting to play with the camels , " he said .
He added that there could be other risks as well .
" There will also probably be the social and psychological impact on some people about being contained in homes and not being able to step out , " he said .
" So there will be a few cost factors there . "
He says helicopters will herd the camels 15 kilometres outside the community where they will be shot and left to decay .
It 's well known that the rich have an outsized influence on the economy .
The nation 's top 1 % of households own more than half the nation 's stocks , according to the Federal Reserve .
They also control more than $ 16 trillion in wealth -- more than the bottom 90 % .
Yet a new body of research from Citigroup suggests that the rich have other , more - surprising impacts on the economy .
Ajay Kapur , global strategist at Citigroup , and his research team came up with the term " Plutonomy " in 2005 to describe a country that is defined by massive income and wealth inequality .
According to their definition , the U.S. is a Plutonomy , along with the U.K. , Canada and Australia .
In a series of research notes over the past year , Kapur and his team explained that Plutonomies have three basic characteristics .
Just tell me if you do .
I 'm curious how many of you will use them .
This is what I do instead of studying .
I made these in photoshop : vectorized the emblems , then saved as a png , then used [ link ] to convert the files to .ico's .
Scout took some guessing on the heel of the shoe .--- Edit--- Updated all the icons so the circles are all the same size .--- Edit 2--- Included both .ico and .png files .
I do n't know what kind of files PC 's use for icons , but hopefully this works out for you guys .
Thirty - three years ago this fall , a bitter , race - tinged fight over abortion matched Roman Catholic bishops and the House against the nation 's first popularly elected black senator , Republican Ed Brooke of Massachusetts .
| REUTERS
Bishops reprise old abortion fight
Thirty - three years ago this fall , a bitter , race - tinged fight over abortion matched Roman Catholic bishops and the House against the nation ’s first popularly elected black senator , Republican Ed Brooke of Massachusetts .
Now , with health care reform on the line , the same male - dominated church hierarchy is dictating to the first woman speaker of the House , Democrat Nancy Pelosi , a Catholic herself and past ally for the bishops on everything from human rights in China to tax credits for low - income families .
Advertisement
Beneath this stark picture is a much more diverse nation — and set of political actors .
Two Americas have evolved since the late Rep. Henry Hyde ( R - Ill . ) first attached his famous amendment in 1976 barring federal Medicaid dollars from being used to fund abortion services for poor women .
Seventeen states , representing 40 percent of the nation ’s population , have exercised the option to use their own money to provide abortion services for Medicaid beneficiaries .
And in these same states , women generally are far more likely to rely on their private insurance plans to help pay for abortions .
At the same time , the anti-abortion lobby remains dominant in Congress , fathering “ mini - Hydes ” that go beyond Medicaid to affect millions of federal workers , the military , the American Indian health service , women in federal prisons and even Peace Corps volunteers .
The bishops can make a strong case that the anti-abortion language inserted into the House health care bill extends only this central principle : Federal health dollars ca n’t go to pay for abortions .
And for 12 years , these same restrictions have applied not just to fees for abortion services but also to any federal contributions to health plans that cover elective abortions .
“ We have 53 million people already under Medicaid , and now we ’re going to add about 33 million uninsured ? ” asked Richard Doerflinger , an associate director with the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops .
“ It applies to a new situation , but it is not qualitatively a new situation . ”
Or is it ?
The political reality is the anti-abortion movement has largely succeeded in Washington by applying Hyde restrictions to what are captive populations reliant on the government .
Thus the U.S. Supreme Court held in 1980 that a poor woman lost nothing under Hyde since she had so little to begin with .
Health reform is very different in that the government is mandating that individuals obtain coverage , not just for their own good but also for the good of the health system generally .
Expanding the risk pool is essential before requiring insurance companies to end their most onerous practices , such as excluding people with pre-existing conditions .
And by cutting down on freeloaders , the hope is to slow the rise of health premiums for everyone .
It ’s a shared endeavor made easier by government subsidies , but the costs are real — especially for those who do n’t have employer - paid coverage .
Consider , for example , projections by Massachusetts Institute of Technology economist Jonathan Gruber for a family of four with an income of $ 60,640 or a single individual earning $ 29,780 .
Both stand at 275 percent of poverty and therefore qualify for tax credits to reduce their costs .
But the family would still pay $ 5,740 , or 60 percent of its premium ; the single individual would pay $ 2,830 , or 80 percent , of the cost .
That ’s a far higher private contribution than is seen with Medicaid or federal workers and the military .
But the House language makes no distinction , barring anyone who accepts a stipend of any size from using it to buy a policy covering abortion services .
Insurance companies marketing to individuals in the exchanges would also have to tailor their health plans to comply .
And this limits the options for those who get no stipend at all .
It ’s estimated that 3 million people enrolled in the exchanges will get no assistance .
An additional 9 million will fall into that category as more employers buy in to cover their workers .
But since the great majority of those in the exchange will get some stipend in the early years , insurance companies will be inclined to target their plans to this market and not cover abortion .
“ It tells people what they can do with their own money , and it taints the private insurance market , ” Susan Cohen , director of government affairs for the New York - based Guttmacher Institute , told POLITICO .
Added Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - R.I. ) : “ For the first time , what the anti-choice advocates are saying is that [ the federal ] dollar now has to control ... what these private - sector companies can offer .
That ’s new , and that ’s a big intrusion into the relationship of the private citizen with his or her insurance company . ”
Going forward in the Senate , the bishops will press their case hard ; a new action bulletin went out Monday .
But neither side in the abortion debate is a stranger to compromise .
Short of votes in 1993 , Henry Hyde agreed to restore old exemptions for cases of rape and incest .
Ten years later , as chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , he went lighter on family planning groups — who counsel on abortion — to get to his goal : abstinence programs in the battle against AIDS in Africa .
Hyde always left governors some flexibility — a distinction that could be important now , depending on what role states finally have in running the insurance exchanges .
And even in the case of health care for federal workers , anti-abortion senators embraced a compromise in 1993 under which the government would shoulder the administrative costs so plans could cover abortions through separate riders demanding an added premium .
This proposal narrowly failed on a procedural vote .
But it was a more generous approach — from the standpoint of abortion rights — than the House language and could yet make such riders more viable , especially if small - business employers chose to buy them for their workers in the exchanges .
In striking her bargain with the bishops , Pelosi may have underestimated the anger it provoked among her women friends .
But she had little choice if health care was to move forward , and she was looking for an ally going into the Senate .
Church leaders appear to have played to this desire by tapping Cardinal Theodore McCarrick , the retired archbishop from Washington and a longtime force in the USCCB , to make a call to Pelosi from Rome .
The two had overlapped before because of their common interest in international policy .
And in a 2007 interview with the Catholic News Service , McCarrick praised Pelosi for being someone “ you can always talk to ” and “ a very bright lady who understands politics more than most people in Washington do . ”
The speaker refuses to discuss their conversation .
McCarrick , back in Baltimore meetings this week , indicated through a representative that he is also uncomfortable talking about the phone call at this time .
But the bishops are the first to admit they are far closer to the speaker than to the Senate on the major issues of subsidies for the poor and treatment of immigrants — two flash points for Pelosi ’s left .
And the big question for House Democrats now is whether they will see some of the same muscle that was applied to them on abortion .
“ The bishops are willing and eager to meet and talk with whoever wants to about our issues and concerns about passing genuine health care reform , ” said Kathy Saile , director of domestic policy .
“ The bishops see it as a moral imperative and national priority . ”
Monday ’s bulletin to the Senate began with abortion but then added : “ Health care must be made more affordable and accessible to those in need , and immigrants must not lose or be denied health care coverage . ”
“ We need more than a bulletin , ” said a House Democratic aide .
Speaking in Baltimore on Monday , Chicago Cardinal Francis George , president of the USCCB , defended its tactics , saying the church must ensure that “ issues that are moral questions before they become political remain moral questions when they become political . ”
Watching it all with a special perspective is Rep. Dale Kildee ( D - Mich . ) , who once studied for the priesthood and counseled the bishops to hold firm with the speaker and fellow leaders .
“ They were wearing down .
I told them time is on our side , ” Kildee told POLITICO .
“ The Catholic Church is great at politics .
They ’ve been around for 2,000 years .
If you go to the Vatican library , you can find correspondence between the pope and Genghis Khan . ”
“ What about the separation of church and state ? ” a reporter asked .
“ In law , ” Kildee said , smiling broadly .
“ Not in politics between the church and politically minded people . ”
Paleontologist Adam Yates , second left , displays fossilized bones of a new dinosaur species , Aardonyx Celestae , from the early Jurassic period ( about 200 million years old ) during an announcement of the discovery at the University of the Witwatersrand , in Johannesburg , Wednesday , Nov. 11 , 2009 .
The fossils , displayed on the table , were found in the town of Senekal , near Bethlehem in the Northern Free State , in South Africa .
( AP Photo / Denis Farrell )
( AP ) -- Scientists say they 've discovered a new dinosaur species in South Africa that may help explain how the creatures evolved into the largest animals on land .
Paleontologist Adam Yates from the University of the Witwatersrand presented an incomplete skeleton of the Aardonyx celestae at a news conference Wednesday .
The findings of Yates and his team have been published in the Royal Society journal Proceedings B .
The species was a plant - eater dating back about 200 million years to the early Jurassic period .
The dinosaur walked on its hind legs but could drop to all fours and stood nearly 6 feet ( about 1.7 meters ) high at the hip .
Yates believes it represents a missing evolutionary link between earlier dinosaurs and their descendants .
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further New dinosaur species found in Montana
Taxing text messages ?
Some Vallejo voters are saying OMG .
The North Bay city , with its ever - shrinking revenue stream , is asking voters Tuesday to expand its utility tax to include text messages , private phone networks , pagers and voice - over - Internet services .
It 's an idea that 's spreading around California , as more than 40 cities have similarly expanded their utility taxes at the ballot box as a way to raise money .
" We do n't use our cell phones a lot , but we think this gives the city a blank check , " said retired Mare Island shipyard worker John Kocourek of Vallejo , who 's been working against the measure .
" We just do n't think it 's fair . "
Measure U would lower the utility tax from 7.5 percent to 7.3 percent of a resident 's total bill , but would widen the services it covers , from gas , electricity , water and traditional land lines to modern telecommunications .
The tax gets complicated when it comes to things like text messages .
Some consumers pay a flat rate , after all , while others pay by the text .
Vallejo , which filed for bankruptcy in 2008 , is desperate for revenue .
Its general fund has shriveled from $ 83 million to $ 65 million in less than two years .
Property taxes continue to free - fall and public - employee salaries and benefits continue to climb .
" This tax is absolutely critical to maintain some semblance of public safety for our community , " Mayor Osby Davis said .
" Without it , police and fire will suffer .
Right now we are absolutely at the bare bones . "
About half the cities in California have utility taxes , which range from 11 percent in Seal Beach ( Orange County ) and Culver City ( Los Angeles County ) to 1 percent in Menlo Park .
Vallejo's existing utility tax is 7.5 percent , the highest in Solano County but equal to those in Oakland , Berkeley and San Francisco .
Because of changes in federal tax law , Vallejo and other cities feared they would lose their utility tax altogether unless it updated the language to include modern technology .
Most cities lowered the actual tax rate in order to make the change more palatable for voters and , at least initially , not result in a huge change in revenue .
Over time , however , as technology evolves , the tax could apply to an increasing number of services .
Donald Maynor , an Atherton attorney who 's worked with 50 California cities on the issue , said the fear of taxation run amok is ungrounded .
" Most people in Vallejo , unless they have a teenager who texts a lot , will actually see a decrease in their utility tax , " Maynor said .
Taxpayer advocates disagree .
The utility tax expansion will amount , over time , to a " massive tax increase , " said Jon Coupal , president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers ' Association .
" People are going to be shocked , " he said .
" This will add substantially to most people 's tax liability .
And these things are almost impossible to defeat because on the ballot it appears as a tax decrease . "
The tax will vary widely depending on the taxpayer 's cell phone plan .
Opponents say cell phone bills are typically higher than those associated with land lines , leaving consumers with a larger overall payout .
As more people drop land lines and rely solely on cell phones , the tax burden should be shared equally , Vallejo Councilwoman Joanne Schivley said .
" The only people who are against this are those who 've been given a free ride and do n't want to give it up , " she said .
" The tax should be equitable for everyone . "
“ New Moon ” Breaking Records
The Twilight Saga : New Moon broke two records on its first day and is positioned to break even more as it goes on its second day .
The movie broke the biggest midnight opening , grossing $ 26.3 million in 3,514 theaters and eclipsing previous record of Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince at $ 22.2 million in its midnight release .
Another record broken is the biggest advanced ticket seller for the Fandango corporation .
Previous holder was Star Wars III : Revenge of the Sith .
New Moon is expected to break more records .
As of 5 PM , the movie has already grossed $ 50 million , threatening the biggest single day box office record of The Dark Knight , which stands at $ 67.2 million .
It might enter the top 5 of biggest weekend sales if it reaches above $ 114 million , which is probable since the film is expected to open in 4,024 theaters this weekend .
Worldwide records projection stand that the movie is at $ 150 million after New Moon debut in 25 other countries .
TV Reviews
All of our TV reviews in one convenient place .
Prev Next View All
Advertisement
In case you had n't already heard , the fourth season of Venture Bros. is split into two halves .
Tonight 's episode , " Ghosts , " marks the end of the first half ; half two should be airing in the spring .
It 's tempting to think of " Ghosts " as a finale of sorts , and it sort of is , but so far this season has n't been hugely concerned with long stories or huge set - pieces .
Which leaves us hanging , a little .
Nothing is exactly resolved , but there are n't any huge cliffhangers , and there 's no game - changing , death - of - the - clones moment .
Instead , we some much missed Brock action , a little unfriendly competition between Guild members , the explanation of the mystery of 24 , and the skinny on S.P.H.I.N.X . Basically , lots of house - cleaning , and definite potential for next year .
I dug it .
I mean , what 's not to dig ?
The Sgt. Hatred jokes were few and actually funny ( although having someone fall for the Nigerian prince scam is a little too close to " Generic Internet Humor # 243 " ) , and the plotting was sharp without being overly hectic .
It 's great to have Brock back , and he managed to provide a some surprisingly satisfying emotional beats .
By this point in a show 's run , some of the hard edges have been sanded down , if only because longevity means a greater investment in recurring characters , which creates a certain reluctance to have those characters be miserable and humiliated all the time .
Venture has settled into a nice groove of mocking its leads while maintaining a certain base level of affection ; this has actually been with the show since the first season ( it 's one of the reasons it 's lasted as long as it has , and one of things that sets it apart from so much of the rest of the Adult Swim line - up ) .
But things seem even more laid - back than usual this year — even Sgt .
Hatred is vulnerable and shown trying to better himself — and I wonder how much that has to do with Brock being out of the picture for so long .
Think about it : he 's always been the most competent character , and by contrasting him against everyone else , the rest of the show 's losers and misfits can't really compete .
It 's easier to forgive Rusty 's casual mis-use of his sons , the Monarch 's quest for vengeance , Hatred 's inclinations , when those things all exist in a relative vacuum .
With Brock back , there 's a brief question of whether or not that contrast will re-assert itself .
I 'm not sure the show needs its edge honed , but the dynamic has shifted , and having Brock sitting there in the kitchen eating cereal was a reminder of just how different the status quo has been of late .
What 's even more interesting is that Brock himself has gotten a little weirder — first teaming up with S.P.H.I.N.X. ( who it turns out are responsible for taking care of bad guys who do n't join the Guild ) , and then even working with 21 at the end to take down Monstroso .
It 's uncertain if he's now back in with the regular mix for the next half of the season , but I hope he is , and I 'm really excited how that pans out .
There 's no base level of reality anymore , so what 's next ?
All that aside , while this was n't the funniest ep of the half - season , it had some smart gags .
Just having 21 and 24 bantering again was great .
( Favorite moment was the perfume gag , when 21 helps 24 win a bet with the ghosts of President Woodrow Wilson and the dead hench from , gah , I can't remember the season now . )
Poor Billy gets his memory - wiped again , and when Hank and Dean walk into the S.P.H.I.N.X. headquarters , Rusty 's hearty , " Did I ever tell you about your mother ?
Or that you 're both clones ? " was the best laugh of the night .
And I love that that there were actually a few times that really were sweet or heartfelt , goofiness and all , like when Brock shows his frustration at being out of contact with the boys for so long , or when he and 21 have a team - up against Monstroso , the Kingpin - parody villain who messes with the Monarch 's plans and threatens the Venture compound .
Plus , that final button — I mean , I did n't tear up or anything , but in about a minute of screen - time , we were reminded at just how ridiculously , absurdly sincere this show can be .
Most regular series go on a brief hiatus in December , to make way for the various holiday specials before January kicks in , so despite the sightly - longer - than - four - week - gap , it 's probably best to think of " Ghosts " as just another hiatus ep , nothing explosive , but with a handful of money - shot moments to hold us over .
Last thought till spring then : we first see Brock and Shoreleave busting into a lab to take out an evil scientist who 's perfecting the stink bomb .
To get inside , Brock tosses a rope and starts climbing , and when Shoreleave points out the nearby ladder , Brock says , " Oh yeah , that 's a lot of fun . "
We always say this is a show about failure , and it is , but it 's just as much a show about how the death traps and the costumes and the super science are n't a distraction from life — they 're kind of the point .
Stray Observations :
Getting dirty as a child may well be the answer to a healthier , allergy - free life , according to researchers in California .
Photograph : Gerard Fritz / Rex Features
For parents too stretched to make sure their offspring are perfectly turned out at all times , it may just be the scientific cover they 've been waiting for .
They will now be able to answer the disapproving tuts of their more fastidious friends by pointing to research which gives biological backing to the old adage that the more germs a child is exposed to during early childhood , the better their immune system in later life
Researchers from the School of Medicine at the University of California found that being too clean could impair the skin 's ability to heal .
The San Diego - based team discovered that normal bacteria that live on the skin trigger a pathway that helps prevent inflammation when we get hurt .
These bugs dampen down overactive immune responses which can cause cuts and grazes to swell , or lead to rashes , according to research published in the online edition of Nature Medicine .
" These germs are actually good for us , " said Professor Richard Gallo , who led the research .
Common bacterial species , known as staphylococci , which can cause inflammation when under the skin , are " good bacteria " when on the surface , where they can reduce inflammation .
By studying mice and human cells , researchers discovered that they did this by making a molecule , called lipoteichoic acid ( or LTA ) , which acted on keratinocytes , the main cell types found in the outer layer of the skin .
The findings bear out the " hygiene hypothesis " , first proposed in the 1980s , which suggests that early childhood exposure to bugs might " prime " the immune system to prevent allergies .
It has been used to explain why increasing numbers of children in developed countries , where antibacterial sprays and wipes are common , suffer from allergies such as hay fever and eczema .
" The exciting implication of the work is that it provides a molecular basis to understand the hygiene hypothesis , " said Prof Gallo .
" This may help us to devise new therapeutic approaches for inflammatory skin diseases " .
According to Allergy UK , rates of allergy trebled in the UK in the last decade , with one in three suffering .
The pressure group Parents Outloud , which campaigns to stop children being " mollycoddled " and " oversanitised " by health and safety regulations , welcomed the research .
" Hopefully research like this will help parents realise that it 's natural and healthy for children to get outdoors and get mucky and that it does n't do their health any harm , " said a spokeswoman , Margaret Morrissey .
Congestion charges , also known as road tolls , could help make the Toronto - area economy more productive , says a new report on the city 's competitiveness .
About 71 per cent of the region 's population is dependent on the automobile .
Not only is that costly for commuters , traffic tie-ups hurt the economy , says the Paris - based Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development .
Traffic delays represent " a direct hit on productivity , especially in certain economic sectors dependent on rapid delivery ( e.g. retail , logistics and food ) , " says the 213 - page review of the region 's economy released Monday during a global cities forum at the Toronto convention centre .
Economists in the past have estimated that traffic costs the GTA more than $ 2 billion in lost productivity .
" A congestion charge has proven to be an effective tool for reducing traffic congestion in a variety of metropolitan regions , " the report says , suggesting tolls could be applied on the 400 - series highways and other major arterial roads .
Mayor David Miller said he supports tolls being levied region - wide to raise money for expanding transit .
But Metrolinx , the regional transit planning authority , has been wary about climbing on board .
" Metrolinx decided to look at its financing strategy in a couple more years , once it 's started building ... and then look at financing the next wave , " Miller said .
Tolling " will be something that has to be considered , as long as it's done on a regional basis .
I think that 's the way you have to look at that kind of issue , particularly because the congestion is often worse immediately outside Toronto than it is inside Toronto . "
Between 1995 and 2005 , the Toronto region posted lower growth in economic output and lagging labour productivity compared with other cities studied by the OECD .
While the city has renowned educational and research institutions , that has not translated into positive economic indicators such as patents awarded and growth in high - tech employment , the report said .
It calls on government to expand innovation initiatives such as the MaRS medical research centre .
Miller said investment in cities is vital to encourage innovation .
" There 's tremendous research happening there , but the innovation does n't often enough lead to job creation . "
A million thank yous to the reader who mailed me the Dianetics & Scientology Holiday catalog !
With so much crazytown inside , it 's the gift that keeps on giving .
Advertisement
While Scientology has been going through tough times lately — a French court convicted the church of fraud and Oscar - winning filmmaker Paul Haggis resigned publicly — spokesperson Tommy Davis says the church is flourishing : assets and property holdings have doubled over the past five years .
Is some of that cash from the catalog sales ?
Maybe !
Advertisement
Before you open the catalog , there 's the cover picture — a snowy scene captured by world - renowned photographer L. Ron Hubbard .
Or , as he was called by a former coworker , Enron Hubbard .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Inside , there 's a picture of — and a letter from — Mr. Hubbard .
The message reads : " Mankind 's salvation lies within our hands .
A very Merry Christmas to you all and a bright friendly new year . "
Has Hubbard been dead since 1986 ?
Yes .
But his message , about being a " help " to others , lives on !
Advertisement
Hubbard 's hideous curtains also live on .
Related :
It 's so disappointing that L. Ron did n't have the alien ornament from Bronner's .
We do n't know what Xenu actually looks like , but we doubt he has a goatee , like the BBC depicted him .
Advertisement
What do you give the man who has everything ?
The leatherbound edition of the 18 " Basics Books . "
According to the copy , " Each volume is bound in Nigerian goatskin " and " printed on 100 % cotton paper . "
Oh , and : " The Basics was created to fuel the next phase of our planetary crusade . "
In case you were n't aware .
Advertisement
UPDATE : Curiosity got the best of me and I just called to ask how much the set of 18 leatherbound books costs .
The answer ??
$ 2,000 .
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
If leatherbound is too fancy for you , just go for a $ 25 hardback .
Or get four lectures , on CD .
The description reads : " Containing discoveries heralded as greater than the wheel or fire , Dianetics has remained a bestseller for more than 50 years . "
Greater than the wheel !
Greater than fire !
And easily gift - wrapped .
Advertisement
For $ 85 , you can get the book and lectures for Science Of Survival .
The copy reads : " Dianetics revealed the previously unknown reactive mind that enslaves Man and the auditing procedures to get rid of it .
But that was only Plan A . As Ron deliniated in the closing chapter , Plan B was to embrace further research into life force .
And here it is , Science Of Survival , with the discovery of Theta and how it interacts with the physical universe of matter , energy , space and time , MEST . "
MEST is not to be confused with EST or The Forum , which , like Scientology , was called a cult .
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
" 76 million years of glare fights , implants , between lives , exploding facsimiles , entities , blanketings , volcanoes and theta traps … revealed . "
Can someone translate ?
Oh wait — it says " not for the fainthearted . "
And : " Here is the unvarnished truth of the past and how beings came to be ' human . ' "
That cro mag in the illustration is munching on the thigh of an infidel !
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
Everything you need to know about theta !
For the low , low price of $ 150 .
Learn about the technology that bridges 8 - 80 to 8-8008 .
And discover the " shift in orientation in life from MEST to Theta . "
Tom Cruise knows this stuff backwards and forwards .
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
Raise your hand if you think the Handbook For Preclears artwork is creepy !
Actually , maybe some people you know posed for this cover : John Travolta , Kirstie Alley , Lisa Marie Presley , Nancy Cartwright , Jason Lee , Danny Masterson ?
Juliette Lewis is already clear .
Advertisement
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
Are you taking notes ?
" Chaos=MEST . Order= Life . "
And what do eighteen - foot tomato plants and cucumbers the size of watermelons have to do with anything ?
For $ 110 you can find out !
Hint : " It 's also the answer to broad scale clearing … of entire nations . "
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
What makes the Clearsound™ " listening system " so special ?
As in :
Why does it cost $ 400 ?
It appears to be a Sony portable CD player , headphones and a mini-amp .
The player pictured is about $ 55 .
That must be one fancy carrying case .
Advertisement
Do n't you enjoy how the " Ultimate Collection " sits nestled in the snowy , rocky mountains ?
Either Legolas is going to come scampering by , or someone is going to start singing " Edelweiss . "
Advertisement
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
Ron 's book about marriage sounds super romantic .
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
Did you know Hubbard was so prolific ?
There are 49 " classic " lectures listed , all with ideas about " solutions to the dangerous environment " ; " datum that can transform apathy to enthusiasm " and the mystery of the human soul .
Advertisement
You are not serious about Scientology unless you have your own E - Meter .
Not just any E - Meter , but the " Hubbard Mark Super VII Quantum E - Meter . "
A bargain at $ 4,650 — or $ 5,500 for the Planetary Dissemination Edition .
Advertisement
See , the meters come in colors : FSO red ; teal ; black ; midnight blue ; white … and Planetary Dissemination Blue .
( Click " full size " to enlarge )
Advertisement
Last , but not least : Jewelry !
You know you want a large gold Clear Bracelet with diamonds ( $ 3,200 ) , or a gold OT ( operating Thetan ) ring ( $ 350 ) .
Oh — do n't get your hopes up :
Advertisement
The Clear Bracelet is only for Clears .
Defections , Court Fights Test Scientology [ AP ]
Earlier :
The French Are Not Buying This Scientology Thing
11 New Weird Christmas Ornaments From Bronner's
Related :
All previous catalog posts
This mystery crosswalk on E. Burnside at NE 8th seems to be working .
( Photo : Doug Klotz )
A guerrilla crosswalk has been installed on East Burnside at NE 8th ( map ) .
Reader Doug Klotz spotted the painted crossing on Saturday ( 12/26 ) and a passerby told him it was done Christmas night .
“ Sometimes people get frustrated with the City and take things into their own hands . ”
— Rob Burchfield , City Traffic Engineer
Klotz also happens to be Vice - Chair of the City of Portland ’s Pedestrian Advisory Committee .
In that capacity , Klotz said this type of guerrilla action “ shows the public perceives the need for a safer crossing there , to the extent that someone was motivated to execute this involved action … perhaps to make a point about the need . ”
When told about the crosswalk this morning , Portland City Traffic Engineer Rob Burchfield told us he understands that “ sometimes people get frustrated with the City and take things into their own hands . ”
Burchfield said the City ’s response to this “ unauthorized installation of a traffic control device ” depends on the situation and context of what they feel the impact will be .
“ If someone put up an unauthorized stop sign , we ’d go take it down , but with pavement markings , they ’re typically using materials that wo n’t last very long so it ’s maybe something we say , give it a week and it will be gone .
If not , we ’ll send out a crew to blast it off . ”
It ’s not clear yet whether or not the folks responsible for this unauthorized installation are aware of the changes coming to the intersection as part of the East Burnside / Couch Couplet project .
That project — which is already under construction and scheduled for completion in October 2010 — will bring a curb extension and new traffic signals to this and every other intersection along Burnside from NE 3rd to NE 12th .
Front Page , News
pedestrian safety
l10 f Profile Blog Joined January 2009 United States 3215 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-13 01:30:27 # 1
Jaedong - Bisu -
Stork interviewed at the hotel after day 2 !
▶ Bisu - Jaedong , become friends .
Finally Jaedong - Bisu - Stork gathered in one place .
Bisu and Jaedong looked awkward with each other unlike Stork .
Stork said that he was good friends with Jaedong and Bisu but Jaedong and Bisu had no chance to become friends with each other .
So the interview naturally started with talking about Jaedong and Bisu .
- The three of you probably never met together before , how is it ?
▲ Stork= We met during the group selections .
I met Bisu personally but I only saw Jaedong when I went to practice at the Hwaseung house .
I 'm friendly with both of them , so I 'm happy .
▲ Jaedong= I 'm happy too .
I 'm not that friendly with Bisu yet so it 's a little difficult , but I 'm still happy .
I like having an interview with such great players .
I did n't have a chance go become friends with Bisu before .
▲ Bisu= I 'm happy but I feel a little suppressed because they 're such great players ( laughs ) .
- Bisu and Jaedong did n't have a chance to become friends yet ?
▲ Jaedong= I think that 's the right way to put it .
▲ Bisu= We had an interview together before .
▲ Stork= I remember it too , I think I said that my wish was being able to sleep a lot .
▲ Jaedong= I said some things for the concept of that interview ( laughs ) .
▲ Bisu= I have n't seen him on battle .
net .
We do n't have much chance to practice with each other either .
▲ Stork= Both Bisu and Jaedong do n't go on battle .
net often , but when Bisu comes on he stays for a while .
Jaedong goes on and off .
- Do you think Jaedong and Bisu can be friends from now ?
▲ Stork= They 'll do fine ( laughs ) .
I think they 'll be good friends .
- I think Bisu and Jaedong can become friends through practicing with each other
▲ Jaedong= I 'd be happy to practice with him .
It would be nice to practice with him but it 's difficult to practice with other teams .
▲ Bisu= I 'd be happy too ( laugh ) .
▶ Taek - Bang - Lee-Ssang and WCG under Taek - Bang - Lee 's eyes
The term Taek - Bang - Lee - Ssang began to be used in e-sports a lot .
The four progamers Bisu - Stork - Jaedong - are leading the e-sports scene as the top players , and three of them has made it to the WCG Grand Finals .
- How do you feel when you hear the term Taek - Bang - Lee - Ssang ?
▲ Stork= Everyone went to the finals and won ?
I got the 2nd place three times and that was to Bisu , Jaedong , and Flash .
I saw a lot of comments asking why my name is in there ( laughs ) .
▲ Jaedong= I was happy .
There was the term 4 Great Kings ( I do n't know the official term , BoxeR , Yell Ow , NaDa , ) , and I 'm happy that I 'm in the term that represents this era 's great players .
▲ Bisu= I think I 'm doing the worst out of the four right now .
I 'm honored that I 'm being called that .
I think I need to play better .
- Let 's talk about WCG .
People say that this is the best Korean lineup ever .
▲ Stork= I 'm happy to hear that .
I like the term " best ever " because it means that we 're accepted by the community .
▲ Jaedong= Of course I 'm happy too .
Three great players were picked .
▲ Bisu= Although a Korean player will probably win the gold , we have to compete against each other .
I wish the format was 3:3 proleague style or 3:3 team battle .
▲ Stork= That 'd be awesome ( laughs ) .
▲ Jaedong= I think that format would be good for Warcraft III .
▲ Stork= You 're right .
StarCraft players will all want to go first and all - kill .
- How does it feel coming to China ?
▲ It 's not awkward for me because I came last year .
I think it 's the same as IEF 2008 , but I feel a little pressured because the two other players won their groups with all wins .
- Jaedong lost to Stork in the last WCG .
▲ Jaedong=
That hurt back then , but I forgot about it .
I do n't remember that well and one of us had to lose , and I think it might have been better that Stork won .
I want to do better this time , but it 's not like I want revenge .
We already played a lot in the individual leagues .
- Stork seems to play well in the international matches
▲ Stork= I played in both WCG and IEF last year in a small time frame .
I feel like I 'm going to die if I do n't do well in an international tournament ( laughs ) .
I can't speak English , and if I lose I do n't get money and I lose money from spending on gifts ( laughs ) .
That 's why I always try to do well .
I felt like dying after getting 2nd place in WCG last year .
I thought to myself why I drank before .
hyung drank with me too but he got sober right before the match ( laughs ) .
▲ Jaedong= I drank too .
▲ Stork= I 'm pressured less this time because I won IEF this year .
I want to buy a new phone and I want to earn enough to buy one ( laughs ) .
- How does it feel to come to China ?
There are a lot of fans .
▲ Stork= Europe , Asia , America , I went to everywhere but Africa .
I thought there would be less fans in China because it's in Asia but I was wrong .
Korean people just clap with their mouth closed but the Chinese people were different .
I was surprised .
▲ Jaedong= I was surprised too .
I was entering the stadium and they swarmed on me like Zerglings .
I was surrounded and they grabbed my arm .
I panicked , but I was happy .
There were a lot of foreign fans and it felt different from Korea .
▲ Bisu= I have n't felt that yet .
I think Chinese fans were more interested in Warcraft III than StarCraft .
Famous WarCraft III players are playing tomorrow and I think I 'll move around when they 're playing ( laughs ) .
▶ The Story of Stork - Jaedong - Bisu
If one is told to pick the best progamer today , Stork , Jaedong , and Bisu are definitely considered .
What will these three players say when gathered together ?
- What are you envious of the other players ?
▲ Stork= Everything .
Not their career , but I 'm starting to slump , but these two are continuing to imrpove .
Same with Flash .
I 'm envious of their skills .
▲ Jaedong= I 'm envious of some things .
I think they win a lot .
I get a lot of stress when I play .
I think I 'm doing worse lately because of my surroundings .
I think this is a very hard time for me .
I 'm envious of the players that are doing well along with their team , but Stork ... ( laughs ) .
I 'm envious of SK Telecom because of their records .
▲ Bisu= I think it 's been more than 1 year since I won an individual league .
I think I lack skill right now and I need to bring it up .
I do n't think it 's time for me to be envious .
First , I need to win the preliminaries for the individual leagues ( laughs ) .
- Are you envious of Stork being friendly with so many people ?
▲ Stork=
There was I time when I did n't know about the importance of relationships .
I realized that and I try to act friendly a lot .
I say I 'm friends with someone wherever I go , but sometimes the other person says we 're not friends .
I become friends quickly with that person if we 're not friends yet , like I did with Bisu ( laughs ) .
I said I was friends with him on an interview and he said that he was friends with me on his interview .
Unlike older progamers , it 's hard for us to meet each other .
When we meet , it 's usually as enemies , but I still say we 're friends ( laughs ) .
▲ Bisu= I think Stork has a very good personality .
I do n't have a bad one either but Stork 's is too good .
It 's very difficult to copy what he does .
▲ Jaedong= I have to becomes friends with him ( laughs ) .
▲ Stork= This is different from the Jaedong I heard from my teammates ( laughs ) .
You became friends with quickly .
▲ Jaedong= I thought that I should become friends with Bisu when I came here .
▲ Stork= We need alcohol ( laughs ) .
▲ Bisu= It 's because we came with our coaches ( laughs ) .
If we were on the same plane we could have talked a lot and became friends .
- If Jaedong and Bisu used the same room , would n't they have become friends ?
▲ Jaedong= Yes , it would be very bad if we did n't become friends after sharing the same room .
▲ Stork= Should we all sleep together ?
I do n't mind sleeping on the floor ( laughs ) .
▲ Bisu= I have the intentions to become friends with JAedong but we do n't talk a lot .
It 's hard to meet him on battle .
net and I do n't go on often either .
▲ Jaedong= I do n't use any instant messengers ( laughs ) .
- The older progamers were very friendly with each other
▲ Stork= ( nodding his head ) I 'm envious .
I once ate with Reach hyung after OSL .
It was very fun .
I would like for us to do that too but it's hard because of the team systems and schedules .
The only place we can see each other comfortably is during individual leagues .
- How would you feel if Jaedong - Stork - Bisu were on the same team ?
▲ Jaedong= I would be very happy .
It would be so good .
I would n't be pressured and I think I would understand how it felt like to be part of the KTF 's Star Lineup that was once called the Real Madrid of e-sports .
▲ Bisu=
If we were on the same team I wonder how many win streak we could get .
I think everyone would watch our team .
It could be possible .
We could go in the same team after declaring FA or we could go to a team if a large corporation decides to create a team .
- Have you ever thought that Taek - Bang - Lee - Ssang was the best ?
▲ Stork= I never thought of that before .
The others did well in Proleague when they did n't do well in individual leagues and did well in individual leagues when they did badly in proleague .
I 'm just happy my name is discussed along with the other three .
▲ Bisu= You 're too humble ( laughs ) .
▲ Stork= I 'm being realistic .
▲ Jaedong= I think I can understand what he 's saying because of my situation .
▲ Stork= Your situation ?
( laughs ) .
▲ Jaedong= I 'm not doing well lately and I get pressured by the other three to do better .
I can understand what he is saying .
▲ Stork= I 'm happy that my name is tied with players that do consistently well .
- Who do you think is the best out of you four nowadays ?
▲ Jaedong= I think Flash .
He 's riding the momentum .
I always thought I was the best , and it has n't changed , but I can't feel too confident now .
The results are what matters .
▲ Bisu= I think I 'm the worst out of the four .
▲ Stork= What does that make me ?
▲ Bisu= I think it 's true ( laughs ) .
I have a lot of league titles but Jaedong has more and I fell the the preliminaries of OSL ( laughs ) .
▲ Stork= I 'm the best at 2nd place ... after Yellow hyung ( laughs ) .
I once thought I was the best too , but the question is " now " .
I think the only person to experience something bad recently was me .
I think these two know what I 'm saying .
- What are you envious of the other players ?
( way to ask the same question twice )
▲ Stork= I 'm envious of Jaedong dancing very well .
I do n't try to dance .
I also think the other two are good at singing .
Bisu is really good at singing .
Jaedong singing DBSK was on TV .
When hyung came out for vacation I went to a karaoke place with him and he said the only person to be worse at singing than was me .
Oh , keep what I said about Hwasin a secret ( laughs ) .
Also I think the other two players get paid more than I do ( laughs ) .
They both try their best .
I 'm envious of that too , and that they do n't get fat .
▲ Jaedong= I 'm envious of Stork 's relationships and his liveliness ( laughs ) .
I do n't think he 's awkward with anyone
▲ Stork= I do n't think about what other people think of me .
I do n't care if they think I 'm insane .
is the best at that on our team ( laughs ) .
He really does n't care about what other people think .
▲ Jaedong= I 'm envious of Bisu because he gets to be on the same team as Boxer .
▲ Stork= I 'm envious of that too .
SK Telecom T1 is a team that led e-sports .
It 's the team at the center and he lives with and boxer .
I 'm the oldest in my team .
▲ Jaedong= I think you can learn a lot from living with such players
▲ Bisu= I also am envious of a lot of things but I can't say ( laughs ) .
- if you compare Bisu - Stork - Jaedong - Flash to Boxer - Yellow - Nada - Reach , which do you think had more impact ?
▲ Stork= The old players .
Without them , we would n't be here .
I was n't able to be on the same team as any of those four players .
I think it would be nice to be on the same team as one of those players .
▲ Bisu= I think it was more fun back then .
I think the games are less entertaining now .
Back then , one player did really well and showed new things , but it 's hard to do that now .
Everyone 's at the same level , and it's hard to try something new .
▲ Jaedong= I think that too .
I think all the players now think that way .
- The fans are debating about the 5th bonjwa .
What are your thoughts ?
▲ Stork= Truthfully , Flash and I are n't in the discussion , it 's about Jaedong and Bisu .
My fans try to put Flash in there though ( laughs ) .
I do n't think there will be a 5th bonjwa .
Maybe if another game becomes like StarCraft now , but there will not be another bonjwa in StarCraft .
▲ Jaedong= I do n't like that discussion at all .
I do n't think bonjwa is a good term .
I wo n't be happy even if I become the 5th bonjwa .
I think it 's pointless .
It means that you alone are at the top , but then that means a lot of competitors trying to take your spot .
I do n't think it will happen and I do n't care about it .
I like competing between good players .
I think it 's better to continue to evolve as Taek - Bang - Lee - Ssang rather than someone becoming a bonjwa .
▲ Bisu= I do n't know the definition of the term .
I do n't know what standards the fans use to decide .
The fans may have fun discussing it , but I just want to do consistently well .
- If Bisu had to say something to Stork and Jaedong
▲ Bisu= Stork is a great hyung .
There are a lot of things people can learn from him .
I also like that he does consistently well .
Jaedong does well by himself , so I do n't have much to say aobut him , but he 's # 1 in KeSPA ranking and he is leading e-sports .
I trust that you will continue to do well .
- If Jaedong had to say something to Bisu and Stork
▲ Jaedong= I hope Bisu does well in WCG tomorrow .
I 'm a little worried after playing today ( laughs ) .
Stork plays really well but thinks he is bad .
He humbles himself .
I think he 's a very good player .
I hope he gains more confidence .
- If Stork had to say something to Jaedong and Bisu
▲ Stork= When I look at these two , I have no idea what they do with their time .
I can't contact them and they do n't come on battle .
net .
If I look at their profile their last game was from July .
I think of it as they 're trying their best and start worrying about myself .
I hope they continue to do well so I can set them as my goal .
Also , drinking together is the best way to become friends .
- Anything else you want to say ?
▲ Stork= Our coach 's voice is bad lately .
I will try my best to lead our team like we did in 2007 .
She was the only person to contact me when I came to China ( laughs ) .
▲ Bisu= I hope we get a lot of chances like this in the future ( laughs ) .
+ Show Spoiler [ Original Article ] +
▶ 김택용 -이제동 , 친해지길 바라 .
드디어 송병구 - 김택용 - 이제동이 한 자리에 모였다 .
소문난 ' 마당발 ' 송병구와는 달리 김택용 , 이제동은 다소 어색해보였다 .
실제로도 그랬다 .
송병구는 김택용 , 이제동과 상당한 친분을 자랑하지만 김택용과 이제동은 친해질 계기가 없었다고 .
때문에 대화의 시작은 자연스럽게 이제동 - 김택용에 대한 이야기가 됐다 .
- 세 선수가 이렇게 만날 기회가 거의 없었을텐데 , 이렇게 만나니 어떤 가
▲ 송병구=조지명식 때 이렇게 만났죠 .
( 김 ) 택용이랑은 사적으로도 만나고 그랬는데 ( 이 ) 제동이는 제가 화승 숙소에 연습하러 갔을 때 만났었죠 .
저야 둘이랑 모두 친하니까 좋은데 , 둘이 뻘쭘할 것 같아요 .
▲ 이제동=저도 좋죠. 아직 김택용 선수랑은 친분이 없어서 어렵긴 하지만 그래도 좋아요 .
자랑스러운 선수들과 함께 인터뷰하니까 좋아요 .
그 동안 김택용 선수와는 친해질 계기가 없었어요 .
▲ 김택용=좋기는 하지만 워낙 잘하는 선수들이라서 약간 위축이 되네 요 ( 웃음 ) .
- 이제동과 김택용 선수는 그 동안 친해질 계기가 없었 나
▲ 이제동=친해질 계기가 없었다고 하는 것이 맞을 것 같아요 .
▲ 김택용=예전에 어떤 매체에서 같이 인터뷰를 해보기는 했었어요 .
▲ 송병구=나도 기억이 나는데 , 잠을 많이 자는 것이 소원이라고 말했던 것 같아 .
▲ 이제동=그 때는 다소 컨셉트에 맞춰서 억지로 연출을 했던 것도 있어 요 ( 웃음 ) .
▲ 김택용=평소에 배틀넷에서 본 적이 없어요 .
연습을 같이 할 계기도 없었어요 .
▲ 송병구=둘 다 배틀넷에 잘 안들어와요 .
그래도 제동이가 조금 더 많이 들어와요 .
하지만 들어오면 택용이가 오래 머무르고 제동이는 들어왔다 나가고 그래요 .
- 이제동과 김택용이 서로 친하게 지낼 수 있을 것 같은 가
▲ 송병구=잘 하겠 죠( 웃음 ) .
왠지 둘이 친해지면 잘 지낼 것 같아요 .
- 그렇다면 김택용 , 이제동 선수는 서로 연습을 하면서 친해지면 좋을 것 같은 데
▲ 이제동=연습을 할 수만 있다면 좋죠 .
기회만 된다면 연습을 하면 좋겠지만 최근에는 타 팀 선수들과 연습을 자주 하기가 힘들죠 .
▲ 김택용=저도 좋죠( 웃음 ) .
▶ 택뱅리가 보는 ' 택뱅리쌍 ' 그리고 WCG 국가대 표
어느 순간부터 '택뱅리쌍 '이라는 말이 e스포츠에 유행하기 시작했다 .
그리고 ' 택뱅리쌍'의 주인공인 김택용 - 송병구 - 이제동 - 이영호는 최강의 프로게이머로 군림하며 e스포츠를 이끌고 있다. 과거 4대천왕 , 신 4 대천왕 이 그랬던 것처럼 .
그리고 그 ' 택뱅리쌍 ' 중에 이영호를 제외한 '택 뱅리'는 자랑스러운 태극마크를 달고 WCG 2009 에 출전했다 .
그야말로 역대 최강의 국가대표다 .
- 택뱅리쌍이라는 말을 들으면 느낌이 어떤지 궁금하 다
▲ 송병구=다들 결승전에서 나를 이기고 우승한 사람들이라는 생각 ?
세번의 준우승이 있는데 택리쌍에게 모두 패배했었죠 .
그 상대들이에요 .
처음에는 내가 거기 왜 끼냐는 댓글도 많이 봤어 요 ( 웃음 ) .
▲ 이제동=저는 좋았어요 .
예전에 4 대천왕도 있었고 , 그 시대에 잘하는 선수들을 표현하는 말에 내가 포함되어서 정말 좋았어요 .
▲ 김택용=요즘에는 제가 제일 못하는 것 같아요 .
그렇게 불리는 것은 기분이 좋고 영광이죠 .
제가 더 잘해야한다는 생각이 들어요 .
- WCG 이야기를 해보자 .
역대 최강의 국가대표라는 평가를 받고 있는 데
▲ 송병구=저는 좋아요 .
역대 최고라는 말 자체가 좋고 , 그 만큼 우리를 인정해주고 있고 주변에서도 그렇게 말해주는 것이니까요 .
▲ 이제동=저도 당연히 좋죠. 잘하는 선수 세명에 뽑혔고 뿌듯해요 .
▲ 김택용=한국 선수들이 금메달을 따기는 하겠지만 서로 경쟁을 해야하기 때문에 3:3 프로리그 방식이나 3:3 팀배틀 같은 것을 했다면 더 좋지 않았을까 싶어요 .
▲ 송병구=정말 좋을 것 같 다( 웃음 ) .
▲ 이제동=워크래프트3 를 그렇게 하면 재미있을 것 같아요 .
▲ 송병구=정말 그렇네 .
스타크래프트는 다들 선봉에 나가서 올킬하고 싶어할 것 같아요 .
- WCG 가 펼쳐지는 중국에 왔는데 어떤 가
▲ 김택용=작년엔 중국에 와봐서 어색한 느낌은 없는 것 같아요 .
저번 IEF 2008 하고 똑같은 것 같아요 .
그런데 지금은 내 옆에 두 선수가 오늘 ( 12 일 ) 조별풀리그에서 전승을 해서 다소 부담을 느끼고 있기는 해요 .
- 이제동 선수는 작년 WCG 2008 에서 송병구에게 패한 기억이 있는 데
▲ 이제동=그 당시에는 쓰렸어요 .
하지만 그날 바로 잊어 버렸어요 .
지금은 그냥 그 때 기억도 잘 나지 않고 어차피 한국 선수 둘 중에 하나가 떨어지는 상황이었고 , 병구 형에게 진 것이 더 낫다고 생각하기도 해요 .
사실 작년의 성적을 만회하고 싶은 마음도 있어요 .
그래도 복수라는 생각은 하지 않아요 .
개인리그에서 자주 맞붙었기 때문이죠 .
- 송병구 선수는 국제 대회에서 강한 면모를 보여주고 있는 데
▲ 송병구=작년에 WCG 와 IEF 를 짧은 간격을 두고 동시에 모두 출전 했었죠 .
외국 나가서 성적을 못내면 죽을 것 같아 요 ( 웃음 ) .
영어도 안되고 말도 안 통하는데 성적이 안 나오면 돈도 못 벌고 , 외국에 왔기 때문에 선물을 사면 오히려 돈도 많이 나가 요 ( 웃음 ) .
그래서 정말 잘해야 한다는 생각을 했어요 .
작년 WCG 에서 준우승하고 죽을 것 같았어요 .
왜 내가 술을 먹었을까 싶었어요 .
( 박 ) 찬수 형하고 술은 똑같이 먹었는데 저는 술이 늦게 올라왔어요 .
찬수 형은 경기 직전에 딱 깨더라고 요 ( 웃음 ) .
▲ 이제동=나도 그때 먹었잖아 .
▲ 송병구=그래도 저번에 IEF 2009 에서 우승을 해서 이번에는 부담이 적어요 .
핸드폰을 사고 싶은데 그것 살 돈만 벌어가자는 생각 ? ( 웃음 ) .
- 중국에 오니 어떤가 ?
팬들의 반응도 굉장히 뜨거운 데
▲ 송병구=유럽 , 아시아 , 미국까지 아프리카를 빼고는 모두 가봤어요 .
중국은 이상하게 아시아라서 호응도도 별로일 것으로 생각했는데 장난이 아니더라고요 .
제가 알던 아시아가 아니에요 .
한국 사람들은 입 안벌리고 박수만 치는데 중국 사람들은 아니었어요 .
놀랐어요 .
▲ 이제동=저도 많이 놀랐어요 .
경기장에 그냥 들어가고 있었는데 갑자기 저글링처럼 막 몰려오는 거에요 .
갑자기 둘러 쌓여서 팔도 잡히고 그랬어요 .
처음 당해봤어요 .
당황하기는 했는데 한편으로는 기분도 좋고 , 해외 팬들이 많아서 한국과는 다른 느낌을 받았어요 .
▲ 김택용=저는 아직 느껴보지 못했어요 .
잘 모르겠지만 내가 느꼈던 중국 팬들은 스타크래프트보다 워크래프 트3 에 관심이 많았던 것 같아요 .
작년에 중국에 왔을 때 워크래프 트3 에 쏟아지는 관심을 실감했죠 .
내일 워크래프트3 인기 선수들이 나오는데 그 선수들이 경기를 할 때 돌아다니려고 요 ( 웃음 ) .
▶ 송병구 -이제동 - 김택용의 이야기
현재 최강의 프로게이머를 꼽으라면 송병구 , 이제동 , 김택용은 필수적으로 거론된다 .
이 세 선수가 모이면 어떤 이야기가 나올까 ?
김택용은 송병구 -이제동에게 , 송병구가 김택용 - 이제동에게 , 이제동이 송병구 -김택용에게 .
- 서로에게 부러운 것이 있다면 무엇일 까
▲ 송병구=저는 다 부러워요 .
커리어가 부러운 것이 아니라 제가 점점 부진해지고 있잖아요 .
하지만 얘들은 계속 성적이 올라가고 있죠 .
( 이 ) 영호도 포함해서요 .
실력 자체가 그냥 부러워요 .
실력만 따라가면 성적은 따라오는 것이니까요 .
▲ 이제동=부러운 것들이 있죠. 정말 잘 이기는 선수들인 것 같아요 .
저는 경기에 나갈 때 스트레스를 많이 받는 편이에요 .
요즘에는 주위 환경 때문에 성적이 부진한 것 같은데 저도 요즘은 힘든 시기인 것 같아요 .
요즘 팀과 함께 성적을 잘내고 있는 선수들이 부러워요 .
그런데 병구 형은 ...( 웃음 ) .
SK 텔레콤 같은 경우는 성적이 좋아서 부럽죠 .
▲ 김택용=개인리그 우승을 못한지 1년이 넘은 것 같아요 .
지금은 실력이 부족하다고 느끼기 때문에 다시 실력을 끌어올려야 한다고 생각해요 .
그런 것들을 부러워 할 때가 아닌 것 같아요 .
일단 개인리그 예선부터 다시 뚫어야 해요 ( 웃음 ) .
- 송병구의 적극적인 대인관계가 부럽지는 않나
▲ 송병구=인맥에 대한 중요성을 몰랐던 때가 있었어요 .
그런데 그 중요성을 깨닫고 친한척을 하려고 노력을 많이 해요 .
어디가든 친하다고 떠벌리기도 해요 .
그렇게 말했을 때 상대방에서 안 친하다고 말하면 큰일나죠 .
하지만 아닌 경우에는 빨리 친해져요 .
택용이가 그랬어 요 ( 웃음 ) .
택용이하고 친하다고 말했는데 택용이도 인터뷰로 친하다고 말을 해줬죠 .
올드 프로게이머들과는 다르게 우리는 거의 만나기가 힘들죠 .
경기장에서도 적으로 만나는 경우가 많죠. 그럼에도 불구하고 저는 친하다고 말해 요( 웃음 ) .
▲ 김택용=성격이 정말 좋은 것 같아요 .
나도 나쁘지는 않은데 병구 형은 너무 좋아요 .
따라하기가 힘들지도 몰라요 .
▲ 이제동=친해져야 죠( 웃음 ) .
▲ 송병구=우리 팀원들에게 들은 제동이는 이 모습이 아닌 데( 웃음 ) .
너 ( 차 ) 명환이하고도 금방 친해졌잖아 .
▲ 이제동=이번에 중국에 오면서 김택용 선수랑 친해져야겠다는 생각을 하기는 했어요 .
▲ 송병구=여기에 술이 있어야 해( 웃음 ) .
▲ 김택용=감독님이랑 같이 와서 그래( 웃음 ) .
비행기라도 같이 타고 왔으면 이야기도 많이 할 수 있고 그러면서 많이 친해졌을텐데 아쉬워요 .
- 만약 이제동과 김택용이 같은 방을 썼다면 많이 친해지지 않았을 까
▲ 이제동=그랬다면 친해졌겠죠 .
같은 방을 썼는데도 안 친해지면 큰일이죠 .
▲ 송병구=그냥 셋이서 같이 잘까 ? 나는 방바닥에서 자도 괜찮 아( 웃음 ) .
▲ 이제동=친해질 생각이 있어요 .
▲ 김택용=저도 생각은 있어요 .
중요한 것은 이야기를 많이 하지 못한다는 것이에요 .
배틀넷에서 보기도 힘들고 , 저도 잘 안들어가니까요 .
▲ 이제동=저는 메신저를 하지 않아 요( 웃음 ) .
그냥 제가 안하는 거에요 .
- 과거 4 대 천왕을 비롯해서 올드 프로게이머들은 서로 굉장히 친했는 데
▲ 송병구=( 고개를 끄덕이며 ) 부러워요.
저는 사람을 만나는 것이 귀찮았던 때가 있었는데 ( 박 ) 정석이 형이랑 스타리그도 하고 밥도 먹는 기회가 있었어요 .
정말 좋더라고요 .
우리도 그랬으면 좋겠는데 팀 시스템이나 일정 때문에 많이 힘들어요 .
편하게 만나는 장소는 개인리그가 유일해요 .
- 만약 이제동 -송병구 - 김택용이 같은 팀이라면 어떨 것 같은 지
▲ 이제동=너무 행복할 것 같아요 .
너무 좋을 것 같아요 .
정말 든든하면서 예전에 e스포츠의 레알마드리드로 불리던 KTF 처럼 스타 군단의 느낌을 받을 수 있을 것 같아요 .
▲ 김택용=우리 셋이 한 팀이라면 몇 연승을 할 수 있을지 궁금해요 .
엄청난 관심이 우리 팀에 몰리지 않을까요 ?
현실적으로 가능할 수도 있죠 .
FA를 선언하고 같은 팀에 들어간다거나 , 갑자기 어떤 대기업이 들어와 팀을 창단하는 기회가 온다면 같은 팀이 될 수도 있죠 .
- '택뱅리쌍 ' 본인이 최강이라고 생각해본 적이 있나
▲ 송병구=그런 생각을 해본 적이 없었어요 .
개인리그 우승이 없을 때에는 프로리그에서 잘했고 , 프로리그에서 못할 때는 개인리그에서 잘했죠 .
얘들과 같이 거론되는 것 자체가 좋아요 .
▲ 김택용=너무 겸손 해( 웃음 ) .
▲ 송병구=현실적이죠 .
▲ 이제동=일리가 있는 것 같아요 .
제가 이런 입장이 되고 ...
▲ 송병구=이런 입장이라 니( 흐흐흐 ) .
▲ 이제동=내가 부진한 상황인데 그런 묶음에 들어가게 되면 더 자극받게 되고 분발하게 되죠 .
저는 이해할 수 있어요 .
▲ 송병구=저는 잠깐 잘하는 선수들과 묶이는 것이 아니라 계속 잘하는 선수들과 꾸준히 묶어주니까 너무 좋죠 .
- 최근 택뱅리쌍 중 가장 잘하는 선수가 누구라고 생각하 나
▲ 이제동=최근에는 ( 이 ) 영호가 가장 잘하는 것 같아요 .
분위기를 타고 있죠 .
저는 제가 최고라고 언제나 생각했고 , 지금도 그 생각에는 변함이 없어요 .
하지만 자신있게 말할 수는 없어요 .
결과는 결국 성적이니까요 .
▲ 김택용=넷 중에는 제가 제일 떨어지지 않나 싶어요 .
▲ 송병구=아 , 너가 그렇게 말하면 난 어떡해 !
▲ 김택용=지금 상황이 그래 요( 웃음 ) .
우승 횟수가 많기는 하지만 제동이한테 밀리고 최근에는 개인리그 예선에도 갔고 ( 웃음 ) .
▲ 송병구=나는 준우승 최강 . ( 홍 ) 진호형 다음으로 최강 ( 웃음 ) .
저도 제가 최고라는 생각을 했던 적이 있어요 .
하지만 질문이 '최 근 '이잖아요 .
최근에 안 좋은 일을 당한 사람은 저 밖에 없는 것 같아요 .
얘들은 무슨 말인지 다 알거에요 .
- 서로에게 부러운 것들이 있다면 무엇일 까
▲ 송병구=제동이는 춤을 잘 추는 것이 부러워요 .
저는 춤 자체를 추려고를 하지 않아요 .
그리고 둘다 노래도 잘하는 것 같아요 .
이번에 와서 알았어요 .
택용이는 노래 잘하던데요 .
제동이는 동방신기 노래 부른 것 방송에 나왔죠 .
예전에 ( 박 ) 상익이 형이 휴가 나와서 노래방을 갔는데 , 노래를 부르고 있는데 마이크를 빼앗았어요 .
상익이 형이 진영수보다 노래 못하는 선수는 제가 처음이래요 .
아 , 영수 얘기는 비밀로 해주세 요 ( 웃음 ) .
그리고 두 선수의 연봉 ?
얼마인지는 모르겠지만 저보다는 많을 것 같아 요 ( 웃음 ) .
둘이 열심히 하는 마음가짐이 한결 같잖아요 .
그 부분도 부러워요 .
살도 잘 안찌는 것도 부러워요 .
▲ 이제동=병구 형의 적극적인 대인관계가 부러워요 .
활발하기도 하고( 웃음 ) .
낯을 가리지 않는 것 같아요 .
▲ 송병구=나는 상대방이 나를 어떻게 생각하는지 생각을 안해 .
상대가 나를 돌+아이로 봐도 나는 신경을 쓰지 않아.
우리 팀에 그거 최고는 이성은인 데 ( 웃음 ) .
걔는 진짜 그런 것 신경 안써 .
▲ 이제동=택용이는 임요환 선수와 같은 팀에서 활동하고 있는 것이 부러워요 .
▲ 송병구=저도 그런 부분이 부러워요 .
SK텔레콤 T1 은 e스포츠를 끌어 온 팀이잖아요 .
그 중심에 있는 팀인데 그 팀의 마인드나 최연성 코치님 , 임요환 선수 등과 함께 생활하고 있죠 .
제가 우리 팀의 맏형인데 그런 것들이 부러울 정도죠 .
▲ 이제동=그런 선수들과 함께 생활을 하면 좋은 말 많이 들을 것 같아요 .
한마디 한마디가 큰 도움이 될 것 같아요 .
▲ 김택용=저도 부러운 것이 많아요 .
하지만 말할 수는 없어 요 ( 웃음 ) .
- 예전 4 대천왕과 지금의 택뱅리쌍을 비교하면 언제가 더 같은 시기에 큰 영향을 줬다고 생각하 나
▲ 송병구=4 대천왕이요 . 그 분들이 있었기 때문에 지금의 우리가 있다고 생각해요 .
저는 4대천왕 중에 같은 팀이 돼본 선수가 하나도 없어요 .
그 분들과 같은 팀이 되면 좋을 것 같아요 .
▲ 김택용=옛날 4대천왕 때가 더 재미있었던 것 같아요 .
지금은 흥미요소가 예전보다 줄어들었다고 생각해요 .
예전에는 한 명이 정말 잘하고 , 새로운 것들을 보여주고 그런 것들이 있었는데 지금은 그렇게 하기가 힘들죠 .
다들 비슷하고 , 새로운 것도 나오기 힘들죠 .
흥미거리가 적어진 것이 요즘이에요 .
▲ 이제동=저도 비슷한 생각이에요 .
요즘 선수들도 다들 그렇게 생각하지 않을까요 .
그리고 그렇게 생각해야 되는 것이죠 .
- 팬들 사이에는 본좌론과 5 대 본좌 이야기가 화제다 .
여기에 대한 생각은 어떤 지
▲ 송병구=솔직히 나와 ( 이 ) 영호가 좀 빠져 나가고 제동이 , 택용이 얘기죠 .
제 팬들이 꼭 영호를 같이 끌고 나가려고 하던 데 ( 웃음 ) .
저는 5 대 본좌가 안 생길 것 같아요 .
새롭게 출시되는 다른 게임이 지금의 스타크래프트처럼 되면 나올지도 모르죠 .
더 이상 스타크래프트에서는 본좌가 나올 수 있는 상황이 아니라고 봐요 .
▲ 이제동=저는 그런 말 자체가 싫어요 .
본좌라는 말은 안 좋은 것 같아요 .
개인적으로 5 대 본좌가 된다고 해도 좋아하지 않을 것 같아요 .
무의미한 논쟁이라고 생각해요 .
본좌라면 혼자서 정상에 서 있다는 뜻인데 , 그렇게 되면 엄청난 도전을 받겠죠 .
생기지도 않을 것 같고 저는 관심도 없어요 .
잘하는 선수들끼리 서로 경쟁하는 것이 좋아요 .
제가 본좌가 되기보다는 그냥 지금처럼 택뱅리쌍으로 묶여서 서로 경쟁하면서 발전해나가는 과정이 좋아요 .
▲ 김택용=그 뜻 , 정의가 뭔지 잘 모르겠어요 .
팬들이 어떻게 생각하고 어떤 기준으로 결론을 내리시는지 모르겠어요 .
팬들은 재미있어하고 있지만 저 같은 경우는 꾸준히 잘하고 싶은 마음 밖에 없어요 .
- 김택용이 송병구 , 이제동에게 해주고 싶은 말이 있다 면
▲ 김택용=병구 형은 굉장히 좋은 형이에요 .
모든 사람들이 배울 만한 점이 많아요 .
더 지내다보면 신기한 것(? ) 이 많이 나올 것 같아요 .
그리고 지금 꾸준히 잘하고 있는 점도 좋아요 .
이제동 선수는 알아서 잘하시죠 .
그래서 딱히 할 말은 없지만 , 지금 e스포츠 랭킹 1위시고 판을 이끌어가는 선수라고 생각해요 .
앞으로도 알아서 잘하실 것으로 믿어요 .
- 이제동이 김택용 , 송병구에게 해주고 싶은 말이 있다 면
▲ 이제동=김택용 선수가 내일 WCG 에서 잘했으면 좋겠어요 .
오늘 경기를 해보니까 조금 걱정이 되기도 해요 ( 웃음 ) .
병구 형은 게임도 잘하는데 자꾸 자기가 못하는 줄 알아요 .
병구 형은 스스로 자신을 낮춰요 .
저는 굉장히 잘하는 선수라고 생각해요 .
더욱 자신감을 가졌으면 좋겠어요 .
- 송병구가 이제동 , 김택용에게 해주고 싶은 말이 있다 면
▲ 송병구=저는 얘네 둘을 보면 뭐하고 사는지를 모르겠어요 .
연락도 안되고 배틀넷에도 안 들어와요 .
프로필을 찍어보면 최근 전적이 7 월이에요.
정말 열심히 할 것이라는 생각에 스스로 반성하기도 하죠 .
둘이 잘해서 제가 따라갈 수 있는 목표를 계속 제시해주길 바라요 .
그리고 둘이 친해지려면 역시 '술 '이 최고죠 .
- 마지막으로 꼭 하고 싶은 말이 있다면 자유롭게 해달 라
▲ 송병구=감독님이 요즘 목소리가 안 좋아요 .
2007 년처럼 팀을 이끌 수 있게 열심히 할께요 .
이번에 유일하게 중국에 왔을 때 연락해준 사람이 감독님이었어 요 ( 웃음 ) .
▲ 김택용=앞으로 이런 기회가 자주 있었으면 좋겠어 요 ( 웃음 ) .
Source :
Phew , that took a long time !
Sorry about my absence , I watched another anime series .
I will use this WCG week to catch up on the missing interviews .
As always , thanks for reading
* Jaedong said , as he finished his first game , that his opponent changed from Zerg to Protoss during the countdown and when he saw the gateway , he panicked and tried to do something with 6 Zerglings .
The game ended with those 6 lings , Jaedong killed all the zealots and probes with them , and he commented " It felt like I was playing against a Computer "
▶ Bisu - Jaedong , become friends .
Finally Jaedong - Bisu - Stork gathered in one place .
Bisu and Jaedong looked awkward with each other unlike Stork .
Stork said that he was good friends with Jaedong and Bisu but Jaedong and Bisu had no chance to become friends with each other .
So the interview naturally started with talking about Jaedong and Bisu . -
The three of you probably never met together before , how is it ?▲
Stork=
We met during the group selections .
I met Bisu personally but I only saw Jaedong when I went to practice at the Hwaseung house .
I 'm friendly with both of them , so I 'm happy . ▲
Jaedong= I 'm happy too .
I 'm not that friendly with Bisu yet so it 's a little difficult , but I 'm still happy .
I like having an interview with such great players .
I did n't have a chance go become friends with Bisu before .▲
Bisu= I 'm happy but I feel a little suppressed because they 're such great players ( laughs ) . - Bisu and Jaedong did n't have a chance to become friends yet ? ▲
Jaedong=
I think that 's the right way to put it .▲
Bisu=
We had an interview together before .▲
Stork= I remember it too , I think I said that my wish was being able to sleep a lot . ▲
Jaedong= I said some things for the concept of that interview ( laughs ) . ▲
Bisu= I have n't seen him on battle .
net .
We do n't have much chance to practice with each other either .▲
Stork= Both Bisu and Jaedong do n't go on battle .
net often , but when Bisu comes on he stays for a while .
Jaedong goes on and off .-
Do you think Jaedong and Bisu can be friends from now ? ▲
Stork=
They 'll do fine ( laughs ) .
I think they 'll be good friends . -
I think Bisu and Jaedong can become friends through practicing with each other ▲ Jaedong= I 'd be happy to practice with him .
It would be nice to practice with him but it 's difficult to practice with other teams .▲
Bisu= I 'd be happy too ( laugh ) . ▶
Taek - Bang - Lee-Ssang and WCG under Taek - Bang - Lee 's eyesThe term Taek - Bang - Lee- Ssang began to be used in e-sports a lot .
The four progamers Bisu - Stork - Jaedong -
Flash are leading the e-sports scene as the top players , and three of them has made it to the WCG Grand Finals . -
How do you feel when you hear the term Taek - Bang - Lee - Ssang ? ▲
Stork= Everyone went to the finals and won ?
I got the 2nd place three times and that was to Bisu , Jaedong , and Flash .
I saw a lot of comments asking why my name is in there ( laughs ) . ▲
Jaedong= I was happy .
There was the term 4 Great Kings ( I do n't know the official term , Reach ) , and I 'm happy that I 'm in the term that represents this era 's great players . ▲
Bisu= I think I 'm doing the worst out of the four right now .
I 'm honored that I 'm being called that .
I think I need to play better .-
Let 's talk about WCG .
People say that this is the best Korean lineup ever . ▲
Stork= I 'm happy to hear that .
I like the term " best ever " because it means that we 're accepted by the community . ▲
Jaedong=
Of course I 'm happy too .
Three great players were picked .▲
Bisu= Although a Korean player will probably win the gold , we have to compete against each other .
I wish the format was 3:3 proleague style or 3:3 team battle .▲
Stork=
That 'd be awesome ( laughs ) . ▲
Jaedong=
I think that format would be good for Warcraft III .▲
Stork=
You 're right .
StarCraft players will all want to go first and all - kill . -
How does it feel coming to China ?▲
It 's not awkward for me because I came last year .
I think it 's the same as IEF 2008 , but I feel a little pressured because the two other players won their groups with all wins . -
Jaedong lost to Stork in the last WCG .▲
Jaedong=
That hurt back then , but I forgot about it .
I do n't remember that well and one of us had to lose , and I think it might have been better that Stork won .
I want to do better this time , but it 's not like I want revenge .
We already played a lot in the individual leagues . -
Stork seems to play well in the international matches ▲
Stork= I played in both WCG and IEF last year in a small time frame .
I feel like I 'm going to die if I do n't do well in an international tournament ( laughs ) .
I can't speak English , and if I lose I do n't get money and I lose money from spending on gifts ( laughs ) .
That 's why I always try to do well .
I felt like dying after getting 2nd place in WCG last year .
I thought to myself why I drank before .
Luxury hyung drank with me too but he got sober right before the match ( laughs ) . ▲
Jaedong= I drank too .▲
Stork= I 'm pressured less this time because I won IEF this year .
I want to buy a new phone and I want to earn enough to buy one ( laughs ) . -
How does it feel to come to China ?
There are a lot of fans . ▲
Stork= Europe , Asia , America , I went to everywhere but Africa .
I thought there would be less fans in China because it's in Asia but I was wrong .
Korean people just clap with their mouth closed but the Chinese people were different .
I was surprised .▲
Jaedong= I was surprised too .
I was entering the stadium and they swarmed on me like Zerglings .
I was surrounded and they grabbed my arm .
I panicked , but I was happy .
There were a lot of foreign fans and it felt different from Korea . ▲
Bisu= I have n't felt that yet .
I think Chinese fans were more interested in Warcraft III than StarCraft .
Famous WarCraft III players are playing tomorrow and I think I 'll move around when they 're playing ( laughs ) . ▶
The Story of Stork - Jaedong - BisuIf one is told to pick the best progamer today , Stork , Jaedong , and Bisu are definitely considered .
What will these three players say when gathered together ?-
What are you envious of the other players ?▲
Stork= Everything .
Not their career , but I 'm starting to slump , but these two are continuing to imrpove .
Same with Flash .
I 'm envious of their skills . ▲
Jaedong= I 'm envious of some things .
I think they win a lot .
I get a lot of stress when I play .
I think I 'm doing worse lately because of my surroundings .
I think this is a very hard time for me .
I 'm envious of the players that are doing well along with their team , but Stork ... ( laughs ) .
I 'm envious of SK Telecom because of their records .▲
Bisu= I think it 's been more than 1 year since I won an individual league .
I think I lack skill right now and I need to bring it up .
I do n't think it 's time for me to be envious .
First , I need to win the preliminaries for the individual leagues ( laughs ) . -
Are you envious of Stork being friendly with so many people ?▲
Stork=
There was I time when I did n't know about the importance of relationships .
I realized that and I try to act friendly a lot .
I say I 'm friends with someone wherever I go , but sometimes the other person says we 're not friends .
I become friends quickly with that person if we 're not friends yet , like I did with Bisu ( laughs ) .
I said I was friends with him on an interview and he said that he was friends with me on his interview .
Unlike older progamers , it 's hard for us to meet each other .
When we meet , it 's usually as enemies , but I still say we 're friends ( laughs ) . ▲
Bisu= I think Stork has a very good personality .
I do n't have a bad one either but Stork 's is too good .
It 's very difficult to copy what he does . ▲
Jaedong= I have to becomes friends with him ( laughs ) . ▲
Stork=
This is different from the Jaedong I heard from my teammates ( laughs ) .
You became friends with great quickly .▲
Jaedong=
I thought that I should become friends with Bisu when I came here .▲
Stork=
We need alcohol ( laughs ) . ▲
Bisu=
It 's because we came with our coaches ( laughs ) .
If we were on the same plane we could have talked a lot and became friends . -
If Jaedong and Bisu used the same room , would n't they have become friends ? ▲
Jaedong=
Yes , it would be very bad if we did n't become friends after sharing the same room .▲
Stork=
Should we all sleep together ?
I do n't mind sleeping on the floor ( laughs ) . ▲
Bisu= I have the intentions to become friends with JAedong but we do n't talk a lot .
It 's hard to meet him on battle .
net and I do n't go on often either .▲
Jaedong= I do n't use any instant messengers ( laughs ) . -
The older progamers were very friendly with each other ▲ Stork= ( nodding his head ) I 'm envious .
I once ate with Reach hyung after OSL .
It was very fun .
I would like for us to do that too but it's hard because of the team systems and schedules .
The only place we can see each other comfortably is during individual leagues . -
How would you feel if Jaedong - Stork - Bisu were on the same team ? ▲
Jaedong= I would be very happy .
It would be so good .
I would n't be pressured and I think I would understand how it felt like to be part of the KTF 's Star Lineup that was once called the Real Madrid of e-sports . ▲
Bisu=
If we were on the same team I wonder how many win streak we could get .
I think everyone would watch our team .
It could be possible .
We could go in the same team after declaring FA or we could go to a team if a large corporation decides to create a team . -
Have you ever thought that Taek - Bang - Lee - Ssang was the best ?▲
Stork= I never thought of that before .
The others did well in Proleague when they did n't do well in individual leagues and did well in individual leagues when they did badly in proleague .
I 'm just happy my name is discussed along with the other three .▲
Bisu=
You 're too humble ( laughs ) . ▲
Stork= I 'm being realistic .▲
Jaedong=
I think I can understand what he 's saying because of my situation . ▲
Stork=
Your situation ?
( laughs ) . ▲
Jaedong=
I 'm not doing well lately and I get pressured by the other three to do better .
I can understand what he is saying .▲
Stork= I 'm happy that my name is tied with players that do consistently well .-
Who do you think is the best out of you four nowadays ?▲
Jaedong= I think Flash .
He 's riding the momentum .
I always thought I was the best , and it has n't changed , but I can't feel too confident now .
The results are what matters .▲
Bisu= I think I 'm the worst out of the four . ▲
Stork=
What does that make me ?
▲ Bisu= I think it 's true ( laughs ) .
I have a lot of league titles but Jaedong has more and I fell the the preliminaries of OSL ( laughs ) . ▲
Stork= I 'm the best at 2nd place ... after Yellow hyung ( laughs ) .
I once thought I was the best too , but the question is " now " .
I think the only person to experience something bad recently was me .
I think these two know what I 'm saying .-
What are you envious of the other players ?
( way to ask the same question twice ) ▲
Stork= I 'm envious of Jaedong dancing very well .
I do n't try to dance .
I also think the other two are good at singing .
Bisu is really good at singing .
Jaedong singing DBSK was on TV .
When TheWinD hyung came out for vacation I went to a karaoke place with him and he said the only person to be worse at singing than Hwasin was me .
Oh , keep what I said about Hwasin a secret ( laughs ) .
Also I think the other two players get paid more than I do ( laughs ) .
They both try their best .
I 'm envious of that too , and that they do n't get fat . ▲
Jaedong=
I 'm envious of Stork 's relationships and his liveliness ( laughs ) .
I do n't think he 's awkward with anyone ▲
Stork= I do n't think about what other people think of me .
I do n't care if they think I 'm insane .
firebathero is the best at that on our team ( laughs ) .
He really does n't care about what other people think . ▲
Jaedong= I 'm envious of Bisu because he gets to be on the same team as Boxer . ▲
Stork= I 'm envious of that too .
SK Telecom T1 is a team that led e-sports .
It 's the team at the center and he lives with iloveoov and boxer .
I 'm the oldest in my team . ▲
Jaedong=
I think you can learn a lot from living with such players ▲
Bisu= I also am envious of a lot of things but I can't say ( laughs ) .- if you compare Bisu - Stork - Jaedong - Flash to Boxer - Yellow - Nada - Reach , which do you think had more impact ? ▲
Stork=
The old players .
Without them , we would n't be here .
I was n't able to be on the same team as any of those four players .
I think it would be nice to be on the same team as one of those players .▲
Bisu= I think it was more fun back then .
I think the games are less entertaining now .
Back then , one player did really well and showed new things , but it 's hard to do that now .
Everyone 's at the same level , and it's hard to try something new . ▲
Jaedong= I think that too .
I think all the players now think that way .-
The fans are debating about the 5th bonjwa .
What are your thoughts ?▲
Stork= Truthfully , Flash and I are n't in the discussion , it 's about Jaedong and Bisu .
My fans try to put Flash in there though ( laughs ) .
I do n't think there will be a 5th bonjwa .
Maybe if another game becomes like StarCraft now , but there will not be another bonjwa in StarCraft . ▲
Jaedong= I do n't like that discussion at all .
I do n't think bonjwa is a good term .
I wo n't be happy even if I become the 5th bonjwa .
I think it 's pointless .
It means that you alone are at the top , but then that means a lot of competitors trying to take your spot .
I do n't think it will happen and I do n't care about it .
I like competing between good players .
I think it 's better to continue to evolve as Taek - Bang - Lee - Ssang rather than someone becoming a bonjwa . ▲
Bisu= I do n't know the definition of the term .
I do n't know what standards the fans use to decide .
The fans may have fun discussing it , but I just want to do consistently well .-
If Bisu had to say something to Stork and Jaedong▲ Bisu= Stork is a great hyung .
There are a lot of things people can learn from him .
I also like that he does consistently well .
Jaedong does well by himself , so I do n't have much to say aobut him , but he 's # 1 in KeSPA ranking and he is leading e-sports .
I trust that you will continue to do well .-
If Jaedong had to say something to Bisu and Stork▲ Jaedong= I hope Bisu does well in WCG tomorrow .
I 'm a little worried after playing today ( laughs ) .
Stork plays really well but thinks he is bad .
He humbles himself .
I think he 's a very good player .
I hope he gains more confidence .-
If Stork had to say something to Jaedong and Bisu▲ Stork=
When I look at these two , I have no idea what they do with their time .
I can't contact them and they do n't come on battle .
net .
If I look at their profile their last game was from July .
I think of it as they 're trying their best and start worrying about myself .
I hope they continue to do well so I can set them as my goal .
Also , drinking together is the best way to become friends . -
Anything else you want to say ?▲
Stork=
Our coach 's voice is bad lately .
I will try my best to lead our team like we did in 2007 .
She was the only person to contact me when I came to China ( laughs ) . ▲
Bisu= I hope we get a lot of chances like this in the future ( laughs ) .
Source : Fomos.kr
Phew , that took a long time !
Sorry about my absence , I watched another anime series .
I will use this WCG week to catch up on the missing interviews .
As always , thanks for reading * Jaedong said , as he finished his first game , that his opponent changed from Zerg to Protoss during the countdown and when he saw the gateway , he panicked and tried to do something with 6 Zerglings .
The game ended with those 6 lings , Jaedong killed all the zealots and probes with them , and he commented " It felt like I was playing against a Computer " Writer
Washington : Ahead of his meeting with
President Barack Obama , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said
India has no worries about US honouring the Indo - US nuclear
deal , but would like to get a " positive reaffirmation " of the
present administration to carry forward the process .
Singh , who will arrive in Washington on a three - day
State Visit late tonight , said India would like to
operationalise the " watershed " agreement and ensure that the
objectives for the nuclear deal are realised in full merit .
" We have no worries , but we would like a positive
reaffirmation of this administration to carry forward the
process , " Singh said in an interview to NewsWeek magazine ,
full transcript of which was released by the Ministry of
External Affairs on its website .
He was asked whether he was concerned about the US
honouring the consent agreement .
Singh said the partnership with US was for sustained
and sustainable development of India and the new global world
order which is in search of a new equilibrium .
" India and the United States could be partners in
refocusing our attention on an equitable , balanced , global
order , " Singh , who will meet Obama on Tuesday , said .
Asked whether India is worried about the Test Ban
Treaty which President Obama seems very intent on pushing
through the senate , Singh said " Why should we be worried ?.
We
are not worried at all . "
The Prime Minister said India has a unilateral
moratorium on testing imposed voluntarily and that it stands
by that .
" We would like to work with President Obama to promote
the cause of global nuclear disarmament , a world free of
nuclear weapons , " Singh said .
" I think that is a world which has been the dream of
our leaders from Jawaharlal Nehru to Rajiv Gandhi .
We would
like to work with all like - minded countries to achieve that
goal , " he said .
Singh also hoped that the US will be " more liberal " in
transferring technologies to India and clear the way for
implementing the landmark agreement on nuclear cooperation .
" We had a watershed and a landmark agreement with the
US on nuclear cooperation .
We would like to operationalise it
and ensure that the objectives for the nuclear deal are
realised in full merit , " he said .
Singh said the restrictions on technology transfers
to India " make no sense " since the country has an impeccable
record of non-proliferation .
Top Indian and US officials are holding hectic parleys
to conclude a deal on reprocessing of spent fuel before the
Singh - Obama meeting .
PTI
On November 11 , 2009 , over 240 academics and experts on Latin America sent a letter to President Obama urging him to denounce the ongoing human rights violations perpetrated by the coup regime in Honduras ahead of the planned November 29 elections .
They also urged him to demand the immediate restitution of President Manuel Zelaya and to support a full three months of electoral campaigning after the coup has been overturned and " debating , organizing , and all other aspects of election campaigns can be conducted in an atmosphere that is free from fear ; in which all views and parties are free to make their voices heard — not just those that are allowed under an illegal military occupation . "
This would mean that this month 's elections — which Latin America and the European Union have said they will not recognize — would need to be rescheduled .
" With only days left before the scheduled November 29 elections , the U.S. government must make a choice , " the letter states .
" It can either side with democracy , along with every government in Latin America , or it can side with the coup regime , and further isolate the United States in the hemisphere . "
Last Thursday , the Rio Group , which includes all of Latin America and most of the Caribbean , issued a statement declaring that they would consider the November 29 elections to be illegitimate if Zelaya is not first reinstated .
The current letter continues : " Moreover , the U.S. cannot afford to maintain its deafening silence regarding the innumerable and grave human rights abuses committed by the coup government in Honduras — a silence that has become a conspicuous international embarrassment . "
Numerous press reports have described human rights abuses and violations of civil liberties during the three - month period in which electoral campaigning is allowed under Honduran law , including illegal mass arrests , beatings , torture , and shootings by state security forces , attacks on the freedoms of assembly , speech , and of the press .
This repression has been widely documented and denounced by Honduran and international human rights organizations , including the Inter - American Commission on Human Rights , Human Rights Watch , and Amnesty International .
Despite this , the Obama administration has yet to condemn the human rights violations , or to threaten sanctions or other strong action to force the coup regime to stop them .
Last week , Bertha Oliva , the head of Honduras ' most well - known and respected human rights organization , the Committee for Families of the Disappeared and Detained in Honduras ( COFADEH ) , also called on the Obama administration to denounce the " grave human rights violations " in Honduras , and declared that " It 's too late to have elections on November 29 . "
The full text of the letter follows :
November 11 , 2009
President Barack Obama The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , NW Washington , DC 20500
Cc. : Hillary Clinton , Secretary of State Thomas Shannon , Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Dan Restrepo , Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director of Western Hemisphere Affairs , National Security Council
Dear President Barack Obama ,
We are writing to urge you to stand with democracy and human rights in Honduras .
With only days left before the scheduled November 29 elections the U.S. government must make a choice : it can either side with democracy , along with every government in Latin America , or it can side with the coup regime , and remain isolated .
Moreover , the U.S. cannot afford to maintain its deafening silence regarding the innumerable and grave human rights abuses committed by the coup government in Honduras — a silence that has become a conspicuous international embarrassment .
The U.S. must forcefully denounce these abuses , and match its words with action as well .
It must make the coup regime understand that the United States government will no longer tolerate the violence and repression that the Micheletti government has practiced against the Honduran people since seizing power on June 28 , 2009 .
Honduras now stands at the edge of a dangerous precipice .
The coup regime remains determined — in the absence of significant pressure from the U.S. government — to move forward with the elections , in the hopes that the international community will eventually recognize the results .
In so doing , they hope to legitimize their illegal and unconstitutional government .
Free and fair elections on November 29 are already impossible , as more than two thirds of the campaign period allowed under Honduran law has already passed , under conditions in which freedom of assembly , freedom of speech , and freedom of the press have all been under attack throughout the country .
This repression has been widely documented and denounced by Honduran and international human rights organizations , including the Inter - American Commission on Human Rights , Human Rights Watch , and Amnesty International .
The Rio Group of 23 nations , which includes nearly all of Latin America and much of the Caribbean , had forcefully declared that it will not recognize the November 29th elections if President Zelaya is not first re-instated .
Thus the United States is at odds with the rest of the Hemisphere in its stated willingness to recognize these illegitimate elections .
Free and fair elections can only be carried out in a climate in which debating , organizing , and all other aspects of election campaigns can be conducted in an atmosphere that is free from fear ; in which all views and parties are free to make their voices heard — not just those that are allowed under an illegal military occupation .
We therefore call on the U.S. government to support an electoral process in Honduras that allows for a full three months — as mandated under Honduran law — for electoral campaigning , to take place after the restoration of President Manuel Zelaya .
Only in this way can the electoral process achieve legitimacy in both the eyes of the Honduran people and the international community .
In the months that have transpired since the April Summit of the Americas , we are saddened to see that your promise of treating Latin American nations as equals is evaporating .
You declared at that time , " I just want to make absolutely clear that I am absolutely opposed and condemn any efforts at violent overthrows of democratically elected governments , wherever it happens in the hemisphere . "
In remarks that were recorded , cited , and broadcast all over the world , you asserted : " The test for all of us is not simply words , but also deeds . "
Since then , your government has failed to match these words with deeds regarding the coup d'état in Honduras .
As a result , the United States is once again isolating itself in the Americas .
The U.S. must also match its rhetorical commitment to democracy with concrete deeds , and support the immediate restoration of Manuel Zelaya to the presidency of Honduras and full guarantees of a free and fair election .
Sincerely ,
Thomas A. Abercrombie New York University
Leisy Abrego , University of California , Irvine
Alexis Aguilar , Salisbury University
Jordi Aladro , University of California , Santa Cruz
Ece Algan , California State University , San Bernardino
Paul Almeida , Texas A&M University
Mark Anderson , University of California , Santa Cruz
Tim Anderson , University of Sydney ( Australia )
Tom Angotti , Hunter College / City University of New York
Craig Auchter , Butler University
William Avilés , University of Nebraska at Kearney
César J. Ayala , University of California , Los Angeles
Nikhil Aziz , Executive Director , Grassroots International
Beth Baker - Cristales , California State University , Los Angeles
Teo Ballvé , North American Congress on Latin America
Rosemary A. Barbera , Monmouth University
Francisco J. Barbosa , University of Colorado , Boulder
John Beverley , University of Pittsburgh
Michelle Bigenho , Hampshire College
Maylei Blackwell , University of California , Los Angeles
Andy Bliss , University of California , Berkeley
Aaron Bobrow - Strain , Whitman College
Blasé Bonpane , Office of the Americas
Jules Boykoff , Pacific University
Rachel Brahinsky , University of California , Berkeley
Rosalind Bresnahan , Latin American Perspectives
Laura Briggs , University of Arizona
Sandy Brown , University of California , Berkeley
Joe Bryan , University of Colorado , Boulder
Alicia del Campo , California State University Long Beach
Frankie Cardamone , Prescott College
Barry Carr , University of California , Berkeley
Jennifer Casolo , University of California , Berkeley
Julie A. Charlip , Whitman College
Ronald Chilcote , University of California , Riverside
Aviva Chomsky , Salem State College
George Ciccariello - Maher , University of California , Berkeley
Christopher Clement , Pomona College
Nathan Clough , The University of Minnesota
Fernando Coronil , City University of New York , Graduate Center
Dominic Corva , Sarah Lawrence College
Raymond B. Craib , Cornell University
Altha Cravey , University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Julie Cupples , University of Canterbury
Antonia Darder , University of Illinois , Urbana Champaign
Juanita Darling , San Francisco State University
Pablo Delano , Trinity College
Guillermo Delgado - P. , University of California , Santa Cruz
Jennifer Devine , University of California , Berkeley
Mônica Dias Martins , State University of Ceara , Brasil
Paul Dosh , Macalester College
Alex Dupuy , Wesleyan University
Jordana Dym , Skidmore College
Marc Edelman , Hunter College and the Graduate Center , City University of New York
Steve Ellner , University of Oriente ( Venezuela )
Ben Ehrenreich , Journalist and Author
Laura Enriquez , University of California , Berkeley
Arturo Escobar , University of North Carolina
Alicia Estrada , California State University , Northridge
Nicole Fabricant , University of South Florida
Mario Fenyo , Bowie State University
Sujatha Fernandes , Queens College and the Graduate Center , City University of New York
Raul Fernández , University of California , Irvine
Ada Ferrer , New York University
John Finn , Arizona State University
Allan Fisher , City College of San Francisco Bill Fletcher , Jr. , BlackCommentator.com
Cindy Forster , Scripps College
Jonathan Fox , University of California , Santa Cruz
Dana Frank , University of California , Santa Cruz
John D. French , Duke University
Gavin Fridell , Trent University , Ontario , Canada
Victoria Furio , Conference Interpreter & Translator
Alberto J. Garcia , California State University , Northridge California
Kim Geron , California State University East Bay
Asher Ghertner , University of California , Berkeley
Shannon Gleeson , University of California , Santa Cruz
Michel Gobat , University of Iowa
Marcial Godoy - Anativia , New York University
Walter L. Goldfrank , University of California , Santa Cruz
Armando González Caban , Latin American Perspectives
Gilbert Gonzalez , University of California , Irvine
Evelyn Gonzalez - Mills , Montgomery College
Jeffrey L. Gould , Indiana University
Daniel Graham , University of California , Berkeley
Laura R. Graham , University of Iowa
Greg Grandin , New York University
Richard Grossman , Northeastern Illinois University
Peter Hallward , Middlesex University ( U.K . )
Nora Hamilton , University of Southern California
Zoe Hammer , Prescott College
John L. Hammond , City University of New York
Tom Hayden , Author
Mark Healey , University of California , Berkeley
Daniel Hellinger , Webster University
Adam Henne , University of Wyoming
Luis A. Hernández , School District of Philadelphia
Eric Hershberg , Simon Fraser University
Doug Hertzler , Eastern Mennonite University , Washington Community Scholars ' Center
Derrick Hindery , University of Oregon
Raul Hinojosa , University of California , Los Angeles
Katherine Hite , Vassar College
Jen Hofer , poet , translator , interpreter
Aaron Hogue , Salisbury University
Katherine Hoyt , Nicaragua Network
Forrest Hylton , Universidad de los Andes ( Bogotá )
Dale L. Johnson , PhD
David Johnson , Xavier University
Susanne Jonas , University of California , Santa Cruz
James Jordan , Campaign for Labor Rights
Gilbert Joseph , Yale University
Nadine Jubb , York University
Karen Kampwirth , Knox College
David Kane , Maryknoll Office of Global Concerns
Chuck Kaufman , Alliance for Global Justice
Robin D. G. Kelly , University of Southern California
Norma Klahn , University of California , Santa Cruz
Sara Koopman , University of British Columbia
Glen David Kuecker , DePauw University
David Kunzle , University of California , Los Angeles
Victoria Langland , University of California , Davis
John Lear , University of Puget Sound
George Leddy , Los Angeles Valley College
Winnie Lem , Trent University
Sidney Lemelle , Pomona College
Deborah Levenson , Boston College
David Lloyd , University of Southern California
Rick Lopez , Amherst College
Tehama Lopez , Duke University
Agnes Lugo - Ortiz , University of Chicago
Sharon Luk , University of Southern California
Sheryl Lutjens , California State University , San Marcos
Milton Ricardo Machuca , Pitzer College
Kathleen A. Mahoney - Norris , Air Command and Staff College
Maya Manzi , Clark University
Greta Marchesi , University of California , Berkeley
Peter E. Marchetti , Researcher , AVANCSO , Guatemala
Lourdes Martinez - Echazabel , University of California , Santa Cruz
Kathleen McAfee , San Francisco State University
Kendra McSweeney , The Ohio State University
Breny Mendoza , California State University , Northridge
Frederick B. Mills , Bowie State University
Laura - Anne Minkoff - Zern , University of California , Berkeley
Ellen Moodie , University of Illinois
Stephanie Moore , Salisbury University
Dorinda Moreno , Hitec Aztec Communications / FM Global
Lena Mortensen , University of Toronto Scarborough
Robert Naiman , Just Foreign Policy
Guillermo Narvaez , University of California - Irvine
Joseph Nevins , Vassar College
Enrique Ochoa , California State University , Los Angeles
Gilda L. Ochoa , Pomona College
Elizabeth Oglesby , University of Arizona
Almerindo E. Ojeda , University of California at Davis
Andrew Orta , University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign
Paul Ortiz , University of Florida
Mark Overmyer - Velázquez , University of Connecticut
Tanalis Padilla , Dartmouth College
Yajaira M. Padilla , The University of Kansas
Pramod Parajuli , Prescott College
Sirena Pellarolo , California State University , Northridge
Anthony Pereira , Tulane University
Héctor Perla , University of California , Santa Cruz
Brandt Peterson , Michigan State University
Adrienne Pine , American University
Martín Plot , California Institute of the Arts
Aaron Pollack , Instituto de Investigaciones Dr. José María Luis Mora
Deborah Poole , Johns Hopkins University
Suyapa Portillo , Pomona College
Margaret Power , Illinois Institute of Technology
Vijay Prashad , Trinity College
Mary Louise Pratt , New York University
Marina Prieto - Carrron , University of Portsmouth
Sean Purdy , Universidade de São Paulo
Kathryn S. Quick , University of California , Irvine
Marie Phillips Rayanne , Prescott College
Marcus Rediker , University of Pittsburgh
Daniel Reichman , University of Rochester
Gerardo Renique , City College of the City University of New York
Kenneth Roberts , Cornell University
William I. Robinson , University of California , Santa Barbara
Dylan Rodríguez , University of California , Riverside
Victor M. Rodriguez , California State University , Long Beach
Cristina Rojas , Carleton University
Sarah T. Romano , University of California , Santa Cruz
Renato Rosaldo , New York University
Karin Alejandra Rosemblatt , University of Maryland
Jan Rus , Latin American Perspectives
Ricardo Daniel Sánchez Cárdenas , Northwestern University
Rosaura Sanchez , University of California , San Diego
Mario Santana , The University of Chicago
Felicity Schaeffer - Grabiel , University of California , Santa Cruz
Ellen Sharp , University of California , Los Angeles
Freya Schiwy , University of California , Riverside
Aaron Schneider , Tulane University
Tammi J. Schneider , Claremont Graduate University
T.M. Scruggs , Professor Emeritus , University of Iowa
Adam Shapiro , Prescott College
Ellen Sharp , University of California , Los Angeles
Kirsten Silva Gruesz , University of California , Santa Cruz
Victor Silverman , Pomona College
Richard Simpson , Stanford University
Julie Skurski , City University of New York , Graduate Center
Darryl A. Smith , Pomona College
John Soluri , Carnegie Mellon University
Dale Sorenson , Director , Interfaith Task Force of the Americas
Rose Spalding , DePaul University
Susan Spronk , University of Ottawa
Richard Stahler - Sholk , Eastern Michigan University
Lynn Stephen , University of Oregon
William S. Stewart , California State University , Chico
Steve Striffler , University of New Orleans
Estelle Tarica , University of California , Berkeley
Diana Taylor , New York University
Miguel Tinker Salas , Pomona College
Sinclair Thomson , New York University
Steven Topik , University of California , Irvine
Mayo C. Toruno , California State University , San Bernardino
David J. Vázquez , University of Oregon
Jocelyn S. Viterna , Harvard University
Steven S. Volk , Oberlin College
Hendrik Voss , School of the Americas Watch
Christine J. Wade , Washington College
Diana B. Waters , Goddard College
Penny Waterstone , University of Arizona
Jamie Way , Venezuela Solidarity Campaign
Jeffery R. Webber , University of Regina , Canada
Barbara Weinstein , New York University
Mark Weisbrot , Center for Economic and Policy Research
Kimberly Welch , University of Redland
Allen Wells , Bowdoin College
Marion Werner , University of Minnesota
Eliza Willis , Grinnell College
Tamar Diana Wilson , Independent Scholar
Sonja Wolf , Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México ( UNAM )
Justin Wolfe , Tulane University
John Womack , Harvard University
Megan Ybarra , University of California , Berkeley
Susy Zepeda , University of California , Santa Cruz
Chris Zepeda - Millan , Cornell University
Marc Zimmerman , University of Houston
* Institutions listed only for identification
I admit that I ’ve often wondered this myself .
Rod Dreher ponders :
I genuinely do n’t understand [ Andrew Sullivan ’s ] position .
He does n’t believe the Catholic Church teaches truth , except insofar as it coincides with what he believes .
Staying inside the Catholic Church makes him truly miserable .
So why stay ?
If he wants liturgy , smells , bells , and a complete blessing on the way he chooses to live his life , there ’s the Episcopal Church .
I actually did believe in Catholicism , but for my own reasons was so tormented by staying that I lost my faith … and so I left .
I left in tears and heartbreak , but I left .
Truly , it ’s a mystery to me why any free man would stay in a church in which he did not believe , and that made him so unhappy .
Here ’s Sully ’s unconvincing riposte :
I can recite the Creed with as clear a conscience as any of my fellow Catholics .
I do believe that the Catholic church teaches truth in the single unifying credo I can recite at every mass .
I do believe in the message of the Gospels as deeply as I believe in anything .
I do believe in the Catholic communion as the core guardian of those Gospels and of the sacraments that keep Jesus in our tangible , physical midst .
And I do believe in the task of spreading God ’s love as the core mission of a Catholic today .
What I do not believe in are the Church ’s contemporary social and reactionary political positions , and its cultural hostility to women and gays , and its profound ethical corruption and sexual hypocrisy , all of which have led to astonishing scandal and evil .
I do not believe that this evil should be tolerated or enabled by those who love it .
And I do not believe that tackling this evil is best accomplished by leaving , as Rod , for reasons that I deeply respect , has .
For now , I wo n’t delve too deeply into what I view as the various defects in our evolution as a species that lead people to seek out and hold onto religion , but I will posit that I ’ve always seen Sullivan as hanging onto his Catholicism for two reasons :
like many people , he has a sentimentalist attachment to something that was powerful in his life as a child ; and his deeply contrarian nature binds him tightly to the things within himself that the outside world finds to be naturally incompatible .
Just my two cents .
Resident Evil Now For An Alternative Lifestyle
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Thursday , 1st of October 2009 - 10:07 PM ]
The teaser shows a bit of the extra content of the game .
Something that is said to be about another two hours of gameplay showing and letting players go through some of the events leading up to Resident Evil 5 .
Like all the Jill flashbacks that Chris has in the game .
A nice little bit to help flesh out an already overwhelming story of Umbrella and their deadly Bio Weapons research company .
To go one further , this version is also being placed out there so that PS3 owners have a huge title to play with their new motion controllers that Sony is working hard on .
Meaning , yes this will have the new motion controls for the PS3 version of the game and it is slated to come out this upcoming Spring .
At least in Japan .
There is no word if Natal is being taken into account for this re-release or not , but I do n't think that Capcom would hamstring themselves like that .
Meaning I 'm sure there will be announcement for it working with Natal soon .
Having trouble discovering extraterrestrial life ?
Then you might consider evolving your own .
In October , a small team of Silicon Valley researchers plans to turn software originally designed to search for evidence of extraterrestrial life to the task of looking for evidence of artificial life generated on a cluster of high - performance computers .
The effort , dubbed the EvoGrid , is the brainchild and doctoral dissertation topic of Bruce Damer , a Silicon Valley computer scientist who develops simulation software for NASA at a company , Digital Space , based in Santa Cruz , Calif .
Mr. Damer and his chief engineer , Peter Newman , are modeling their effort after the SETI@Home project , which was started by the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence , or SETI , program to make use of hundreds of thousands of Internet - connected computers in homes and offices .
The project turned these small computers into a vast supercomputer by using pattern recognition software on individual computers to sift through a vast amount of data to look for evidence of faint signals from civilizations elsewhere in the cosmos .
The EvoGrid goal is to detect evidence of self - organizing behavior in computerized simulations that have been constructed to model the first emergence of life in the physical world .
Pattern recognition software on home computers would seem a perfect tool .
Frauenfußball - EM
Deutschland ist Europameister
Sechs Treffer gegen England bringen Titel Nummer sieben : Deutschlands Fußballfrauen haben die EM gewonnen .
In einem großartigen Endspiel demontierten sie ihre Gegnerinnen .
Doppeltorschützen waren Spielführerin Prinz und Stürmerin Grings , die auch noch Torschützenkönigin des Turniers wurde .
The award - winning , must - see documentary by director George Ratliff .
Hell Houses are a distinctly American phenomenon which began in 1990 just outside of Dallas , Texas at the Trinity Assembly of God Church .
The original Hell House was conceived as a modern - day fire - and - brimstone sermon .
Today , this religious ceremony of sorts is replete with actors , extensive lighting equipment and full audio - visual tech crews .
Inside the Hell House , tour guides dressed as demons take visitors from room to room to view depictions of school massacres , date rape , AIDS - related deaths , fatal drunk driving crashes , and botched abortions .
Hell Houses have now spread to hundreds of churches worldwide .
With full access to the behind - the - scenes action , HELL HOUSE follows the process from the first script meeting until the last of the 10,000 visitors passes through the Hell House doors .
The movie gives a verite window into the whole process of creating this over - the - top sermon , while showing an intimate portrait of the people who fervently believe its message .
The film also features a score by Bubba and Matthew Kadane , formerly of the band Bedhead .
Despite widely available digital video cameras , Hell House was shot on 16 mm film .
The portrait was painted in around 1560
Art experts think they may have found the world 's oldest painting to feature an image of a watch .
The Science Museum is investigating the 450 - year - old portrait , thought to be of Cosimo I de Medici , Duke of Florence , holding a golden timepiece .
Curators have sent their findings to renaissance experts at the Uffizi gallery in Florence , and are awaiting their comments .
The painting is being shown as part of the museum 's Measuring Time gallery .
The first watches appeared shortly after 1500 in Germany and horologists believe the picture , painted by renaissance master Maso da San Friano around 1560 , " may well be the oldest to show a true watch " .
Coat of arms
Science Museum curator Rob Skitmore said the watch was thought to be from southern Germany .
" As Cosimo was a great patron of science and technology , it is entirely likely he would have owned a watch of this kind which he displays here with pride , " he said .
" The picture shows the close linkage between science and art , especially in those days . "
The painting has been in the museum 's collection for 33 years after being acquired from a private donor .
As it was being taken out of storage for the gallery , curators decided to research the painting - which was when they made their discovery .
The clue to the painting 's identity came when Mr Skitmore realised a seal containing the Medici coat of arms was on the back of the canvas .
He said : " In our painting Cosimo would have been about 41 and his appearance is entirely consistent with a later view of him from 1574 . "
The Measuring Time gallery traces the history of timekeeping and contains one of the biggest collections of clocks in Britain .
The sheriff said child protection authorities had been notified about the case , although the three Heene children , ages 6 , 8 and 10 , have not been taken from their parents .
The local authorities have also asked federal officials to look into the case .
The sheriff said his conclusions were based on separate interviews of the Heenes and their three children , as well as on searches of their computers , e-mail records and documents in their home .
He said the decision to release the balloon and tell the authorities that Falcon was aboard was made two weeks ago .
“ These people wanted to get some national attention , with the ultimate hope that they would end up with some form of a TV deal , ” said the Larimer County undersheriff , Ernie Hudson .
The Heenes did not comment on the sheriff ’s accusations on Sunday , but when Mr. Heene was approached by a reporter for The Associated Press at a Wal - Mart on Sunday morning , he said with tears edging his eyes , “ This thing has become so convoluted . ”
In earlier interviews , he had vigorously denied that the episode was a hoax .
Wittingly or not , the Heenes produced an astonishing reality show on Thursday .
Their report of a missing child  first made in the father ’s phone call to a local TV station , then followed up by the mother ’s seemingly panicked phone call to 911  captured the country ’s collective attention as news helicopters tracked the balloon ’s ride across northern Colorado .
Family members told the authorities that Falcon ’s brother Bradford had claimed he saw the 37 - pound boy in the compartment when the balloon accidentally broke off its moorings .
Televised by cable news for more than an hour , the wayward balloon was found to be empty when it came to a landing , prompting fears that Falcon had fallen out .
Hours later , it was discovered that he had been home the whole time , hiding in an attic above the garage .
In the first part of this series , I wrote on all the non-agw notebook widgets included with wxPython .
For this second article , I will be focusing on the two notebooks that are in the AGW library of wxPython .
AGW stands for Advanced Generic Widgets , a set of widgets that are written in Python instead of wrapped C++ code .
I personally think that AGW is also a callback to its amazing author , Andrea Gavana .
Regardless , the two widgets in this review will be the FlatNotebook and another AUI Notebook .
The FlatNotebook has a great demo and I will spend most of this article on demos I ’ve created that are based on it .
The AUI Notebook is a part of agw.aui .
While the demo for agw.
aui is cool , it focuses on AUI in general , not the notebook .
So I ’ll just show you what I can glean from that .
Now , let ’s get cracking !
Update :
The API changed slightly when it comes to AGW - related widgets .
Basically some style flags in wxPython 2.8.11.0 + now require the agw - specific style flags .
To use them , you ’ll need to use the agwStyle keyword .
See Andrea ’s docs for more info : http://xoomer.virgilio.it/infinity77/AGW_Docs/
If you run into an error , try changing that first or post to the mailing list .
The Amazing FlatNotebook
The Flatbook control is written in Python rather than a wrapped widget from wxWidgets .
It was added to wxPython with the release of wxPython 2.8.9.2 on February 16 , 2009 .
Since then Andrea Gavana has been updating the agw library with lots of fixes .
My examples will work with the 2.8.9.2 + versions of wxPython , but I recommend getting the SVN version of agw and replacing your default one with it as there have been a lot of bug fixes applied to the AUI module and several others .
There is also an effort going on currently to better document this library in the code itself , so you may find that helpful too !
Here are a few of the FlatNotebook ’s Features :
5 Different tab styles
It ’s a generic control ( i.e. pure python ) so it ’s easy to modify
You can use the mouse ’s middle - click to close tabs
A built - in function to add right - click pop-up menus on tabs
A way to hide the “ X ” that closes the individual tabs
Support for disabled tabs
Plus lots more !
See the source and the wxPython Demo for more information !
Now that we ’ve done an unpaid commercial , let ’s take a look at the actual product :
Listing 1
import panelOne , panelTwo , panelThree import wx import wx.lib.agw.flatnotebook as fnb ######################################################################## class FlatNotebookDemo( fnb.FlatNotebook ) : " " " Flatnotebook class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , parent ) : " " " Constructor " " " fnb .
FlatNotebook.__init__(self , parent , wx .
ID_ANY ) pageOne = panelOne.TabPanel( self ) pageTwo = panelTwo.TabPanel( self ) pageThree = panelThree.TabPanel( self ) self .
AddPage ( pageOne , " PageOne " ) self .
AddPage ( pageTwo , " PageTwo " ) self .
AddPage ( pageThree , " PageThree " ) ######################################################################## class DemoFrame ( wx. Frame ) : " " " Frame that holds all other widgets " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : " " " Constructor " " " wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .ID_ANY , " FlatNotebook Tutorial " , size = ( 600,400 ) ) panel = wx.Panel( self ) notebook = FlatNotebookDemo( panel ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) sizer .
Add(notebook , 1 , wx.ALL|wx.EXPAND , 5 ) panel. SetSizer( sizer ) self .
Layout ( ) self .
Show ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx.PySimpleApp( ) frame = DemoFrame ( ) app.MainLoop ()
In Listing 1 , I subclass FlatNotebook and use the generic panels from my previous article for the pages .
You ’ll notice that FlatNotebook has its own AddPage method that mimics the wx .
Notebook .
This should come as no surprise as the FlatNotebook ’s API is such that you should be able to use it as a drop - in replacement for wx .
Notebook .
Of course , right out of the box , FlatNotebook has the advantage .
If you run the demo above , you ’ll see that FlatNotebook allows the user to rearrange the tabs , close the tabs and it includes some previous / next buttons in case you have more tabs than can fit on - screen at once .
Now let ’s take a look at the various styles that we can apply to FlatNotebook :
Listing 2
import panelOne , panelTwo , panelThree import wx import wx.lib.agw.flatnotebook as fnb ######################################################################## class FlatNotebookDemo( fnb.FlatNotebook ) : " " " Flatnotebook class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , parent ) : " " " Constructor " " " fnb .
FlatNotebook.__init__(self , parent , wx .
ID_ANY ) pageOne = panelOne.TabPanel( self ) pageTwo = panelTwo.TabPanel( self ) pageThree = panelThree.TabPanel( self ) self .
AddPage ( pageOne , " PageOne " ) self .
AddPage ( pageTwo , " PageTwo " ) self .
AddPage ( pageThree , " PageThree " ) ######################################################################## class DemoFrame ( wx. Frame ) : " " " Frame that holds all other widgets " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : " " " Constructor " " " wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .ID_ANY , " FlatNotebook Tutorial with Style " , size = ( 600,400 ) ) self.styleDict = {" Default " : self.OnDefaultStyle , " VC71 " : self.OnVC71Style , " VC8 " : self.OnVC8Style , " Fancy " : self.OnFancyStyle , " Firefox 2":self.OnFF2Style} choices = self.styleDict.keys ( ) panel = wx.Panel( self ) self.notebook = FlatNotebookDemo( panel ) self.styleCbo = wx.ComboBox ( panel , wx .
ID_ANY , " Default " , wx .
DefaultPosition , wx.DefaultSize , choices=choices , style=wx.CB_DROPDOWN ) styleBtn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx .
ID_ANY , " Change Style " ) styleBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onStyle ) # create some sizers sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) hSizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.HORIZONTAL ) # add the widgets to the sizers sizer .
Add(self.notebook , 1 , wx.ALL|wx.EXPAND , 5 ) hSizer.Add(self.styleCbo , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.CENTER , 5 ) hSizer.Add(styleBtn , 0 , wx . ALL , 5 ) sizer .
Add(wx.StaticLine( panel ) , 0 , wx.ALL|wx.EXPAND , 5 ) sizer .
Add( hSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) panel. SetSizer( sizer ) self .
Layout ( ) self .
Show ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onStyle ( self , event ) : " " " Changes the style of the tabs " " " print " in onStyle " style = self.styleCbo.GetValue( ) print style self.styleDict[style ] ( ) #
The following methods were taken from the wxPython # demo for the FlatNotebook def OnFF2Style ( self ) : style = self.notebook.GetWindowStyleFlag ( ) # remove old tabs style mirror = ~( fnb. FNB_VC71 | fnb .
FNB_VC8 | fnb .
FNB_FANCY_TABS | fnb . FNB_FF2 ) style &= mirror style |= fnb .
FNB_FF2 self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(style ) def OnVC71Style(self ) : style = self.notebook.GetWindowStyleFlag ( ) # remove old tabs style mirror = ~( fnb. FNB_VC71 | fnb .
FNB_VC8 | fnb .
FNB_FANCY_TABS | fnb . FNB_FF2 ) style &= mirror style |= fnb .
FNB_VC71 self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(style ) def OnVC8Style(self ) : style = self.notebook.GetWindowStyleFlag ( ) # remove old tabs style mirror = ~( fnb. FNB_VC71 | fnb .
FNB_VC8 | fnb .
FNB_FANCY_TABS | fnb . FNB_FF2 ) style &= mirror # set new style style |= fnb .
FNB_VC8 self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(style ) def OnDefaultStyle(self ) : style = self.notebook.GetWindowStyleFlag ( ) # remove old tabs style mirror = ~( fnb. FNB_VC71 | fnb .
FNB_VC8 | fnb .
FNB_FANCY_TABS | fnb . FNB_FF2 ) style &= mirror self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(style ) def OnFancyStyle(self ) : style = self.notebook.GetWindowStyleFlag ( ) # remove old tabs style mirror = ~( fnb. FNB_VC71 | fnb .
FNB_VC8 | fnb .
FNB_FANCY_TABS | fnb . FNB_FF2 ) style &= mirror style |= fnb .
FNB_FANCY_TABS self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(style )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx.PySimpleApp( ) frame = DemoFrame ( ) app.MainLoop ()
That ’s a lot of code for a “ simple ” example , but I think it will help us understand how to apply tab styles to our widget .
I borrowed most of the methods from the wxPython demo , in case you did n’t notice .
The primary talking point in this code is the contents of those methods , which are mostly the same .
Here ’s the main snippet to take away from this section :
style = self.notebook.GetWindowStyleFlag ( ) # remove old tabs style mirror = ~( fnb. FNB_VC71 | fnb .
FNB_VC8 | fnb .
FNB_FANCY_TABS | fnb . FNB_FF2 ) style &= mirror style |= fnb .
FNB_FF2 self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(style )
First , we need to get the current style of the FlatNotebook .
Then we use some fancy magic in the “ mirror ” line that creates a set of styles that we want to remove .
The line , “ style &= mirror ” actually does the removing and then we add the style we wanted with “ style |= fnb .
FNB_FF2 ” .
Finally , we use SetWindowStyleFlag ( ) to actually apply the style to the widget .
You may be wondering what ’s up with all those goofy symbols ( i.e. | , ~ , & ) .
Well , those are known as bitwise operators .
I do n’t use them much myself , so I recommend reading the Python documentation for full details as I do n’t fully understand them myself .
For my next demo , I created a way to add and delete pages from the FlatNotebook .
Let ’s see how :
Listing 3
import panelOne , panelTwo , panelThree import random import wx import wx.lib.agw.flatnotebook as fnb ######################################################################## class FlatNotebookDemo( fnb.FlatNotebook ) : " " " Flatnotebook class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , parent ) : " " " Constructor " " " fnb .
FlatNotebook.__init__(self , parent , wx .
ID_ANY ) ######################################################################## class DemoFrame ( wx. Frame ) : " " " Frame that holds all other widgets " " "
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , title= " FlatNotebook Add / Remove Page Tutorial " ) : " " " Constructor " " " wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .
ID_ANY , title=title , size = ( 600,400 ) ) self._newPageCounter = 0 panel = wx.Panel( self ) self.createRightClickMenu( ) # create some widgets self.notebook = FlatNotebookDemo( panel ) addPageBtn = wx.Button ( panel , label = " Add Page " ) addPageBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onAddPage ) removePageBtn = wx.Button ( panel , label= " Remove Page " ) removePageBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onDeletePage ) self.notebook.SetRightClickMenu(self._rmenu ) # create some sizers sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) btnSizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.HORIZONTAL ) # layout the widgets sizer .
Add(self.notebook , 1 , wx.ALL|wx.EXPAND , 5 ) btnSizer.Add(addPageBtn , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) btnSizer.Add(removePageBtn , 0 , wx . ALL , 5 ) sizer .
Add( btnSizer ) panel.SetSizer( sizer ) self .
Layout ( ) self .
Show ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def createRightClickMenu(self ) : " " " Based on method from flatnotebook demo " " " self._rmenu = wx . Menu( ) item = wx .MenuItem(self._rmenu , wx .ID_ANY , " Close Tab\tCtrl +F4 " , " Close Tab " ) self .
Bind( wx.EVT_MENU , self.onDeletePage , item ) self._rmenu.AppendItem(item )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onAddPage ( self , event ) : " " " This method is based on the flatnotebook demo
It adds a new page to the notebook " " " caption = " New Page Added # " + str(self._newPageCounter ) self .
Freeze ( ) self.notebook.AddPage(self.createPage(caption ) , caption , True ) self .
Thaw ( ) self._newPageCounter = self._newPageCounter
+ 1 #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def createPage ( self , caption ) : " " " Creates a notebook page from one of three panels at random and returns the new page " " " panel_list = [ panelOne , panelTwo , panelThree ] obj = random.choice( panel_list ) page = obj.TabPanel(self.notebook ) return page
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onDeletePage ( self , event ) : " " " This method is based on the flatnotebook demo
It removes a page from the notebook " " " self.notebook.DeletePage(self.notebook.GetSelection ( ) )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx.PySimpleApp( ) frame = DemoFrame ( ) app.MainLoop ()
The code above allows the user to add as many pages as they want by clicking the Add Page button .
The Remove Page button will remove whatever page is currently selected .
When adding a page , but button handler freezes the frame and calls the notebook ’s AddPage method .
This calls the “ createPage ” method which randomly grabs one of my pre-defined panels , instantiates it and returns it to the AddPage method .
On returning to the “ onAddPage ” method , the frame is thawed and the page counter is incremented .
The Remove Page button calls the notebook ’s GetSelection ( ) method to get the currently selected tab and then calls the notebook ’s DeletePage ( ) method to remove it from the notebook .
Another fun functionality that I enabled was the tab right - click menu , which gives us another way to close a tab , although you could use to do other actions as well .
All you need to do to enable it is to call the notebook ’s SetRightClickMenu ( ) method and pass in a wx .
Menu object .
There are tons of other features for you to explore as well .
Be sure to check out the FlatNotebook demo in the official wxPython demo where you can learn to close tabs with the middle mouse button or via double - clicks , turn on gradient colors for the tab background , disable tabs , enable smart tabbing ( which is kind of like the alt + tab menu in Windows ) , create drag - and - drop tabs between notebooks and much , much more !
AGW AUI Notebook
Andrea Gavana went to the trouble of creating a pure python version of the Advanced User Interface ( AUI ) that provides perspective saving , floating sub - windows that can be docked , customizable look and feel and the splittable AUI Notebook .
His notebook will be the focus of this section .
The AGW AUI Notebook has lots of features , but I ’m just going to go over some of the basics .
If you want to see all the features , be sure to read the code and check out the demo in the official wxPython Demo .
As I mentioned at the beginning of this tutorial , be sure to download the latest version of AUI ( or AGW as a whole ) from SVN to get all the bug fixes .
Let ’s take a look at the simple example I used for the screenshot above :
Listing 4
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- # agwAUINotebook.py # # Created : December 2009 # # Author : Mike Driscoll - mike@pythonlibrary.org # # Note :
Some code comes from the wxPython demo #
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- import wx import wx.lib.agw.aui as aui ######################################################################## class TabPanelOne( wx.Panel ) : " " " A simple wx .
Panel class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , parent ) : " " " " " " wx.Panel.__init__(self , parent=parent , id=wx.ID_ANY ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) txtOne = wx .
TextCtrl(self , wx. ID_ANY , " " ) txt Two = wx .
TextCtrl(self , wx. ID_ANY , " " ) sizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.VERTICAL ) sizer .
Add( txtOne , 0 , wx . ALL , 5 ) sizer .
Add( txtTwo , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) self .
SetSizer ( sizer ) ######################################################################## class DemoFrame ( wx. Frame ) : " " " wx .
Frame class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx .
ID_ANY , " AGW AUI Notebook Tutorial " , size = ( 600,400 ) ) self._mgr = aui.
AuiManager ( ) # tell AuiManager to manage this frame self._mgr.SetManagedWindow( self ) notebook = aui.AuiNotebook ( self ) panelOne = TabPanelOne( notebook ) panelTwo = TabPanelOne( notebook ) notebook .
AddPage ( panelOne , " PanelOne " , False ) notebook .
AddPage( panelTwo , " PanelTwo " , False ) self._mgr.AddPane(notebook , aui.AuiPaneInfo( ) .
Name ( " notebook_content " ) .
CenterPane ( ) .PaneBorder ( False ) ) self._mgr.Update( ) # notebook .EnableTab( 1 , False )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- #
Run the program if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx.PySimpleApp( ) frame = DemoFrame ( ) frame .
Show ( ) app.MainLoop ()
The first difference between this notebook and the original AuiNotebook is that this one requires an AuiManager object .
It may be that something similar is behind the original as well , but that ’s hidden from us .
Anyway , the first step is instantiating the AuiManager and then giving it the frame to manage via its SetManagedWindow ( ) method .
Now we can add the AUI Notebook .
Note that we pass the frame as the parent of the notebook instead of the AuiManager .
I think the reason is that when the AuiManager is given the frame , it becomes the top level window .
The next part of the equation should look familiar : AddPage ( ) .
Let ’s see what it accepts :
AddPage ( self , page , caption , select =False , bitmap=wx.NullBitmap , disabled_bitmap=wx.NullBitmap , control=None )
In my code , I only pass in the first three parameters , but you can also add a couple bitmaps and a wx .
Window for the control .
The next bit is a little tricky .
We need to call the AuiManager ’s AddPane ( ) method to tell the AuiManager that we want it to “ manage ” something ( in this case , the notebook ) .
We also pass in a second argument which looks kind of confusing :
aui.AuiPaneInfo( ) .
Name ( " notebook_content " ) .
CenterPane ( ) . PaneBorder ( False ) )
This parameter tells the AuiManager what to do with the notebook .
In this case , we are telling it that the pane ’s ( i.e the notebook ’s ) name is “ notebook_content ” , which is what we use to look up the pane .
We ’re also telling the AuiManager that we want the pane to be in the centered dock position and the PaneBorder ( False ) command tells the AuiManager that we want a hidden border drawn around the notebook pane .
Our next example will be more complex and will show you how to change a few notebook settings .
Listing 5
import panelOne , panelTwo , panelThree import wx import wx.lib.agw.aui as aui ID_NotebookArtGloss = 0 ID_NotebookArtSimple = 1 ID_NotebookArtVC71 = 2 ID_NotebookArtFF2 = 3 ID_NotebookArtVC8 = 4 ID_NotebookArtChrome = 5 ######################################################################## class AUIManager( aui.AuiManager ) : " " " AUI Manager class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , managed_window ) : " " " Constructor " " " aui.AuiManager.__init__(self ) self.SetManagedWindow(managed_window ) ######################################################################## class AUINotebook ( aui.AuiNotebook ) : " " " AUI Notebook class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self , parent ) : " " " Constructor " " " aui.AuiNotebook.__init__(self , parent=parent ) self.default_style = aui.AUI_NB_DEFAULT_STYLE
| aui.AUI_NB_TAB_EXTERNAL_MOVE | wx.NO_BORDER self.SetWindowStyleFlag(self.default_style ) # add some pages to the notebook pages = [ panelOne , panelTwo , panelThree ] x = 1 for page in pages : label = " Tab # %i " % x tab = page .
TabPanel ( self ) self .
AddPage ( tab , label , False ) x += 1 ######################################################################## class DemoFrame ( wx. Frame ) : " " " wx .
Frame class " " " #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def __init__( self ) : " " " Constructor " " " title = " AGW AUI Notebook Feature Tutorial " wx.Frame.__init__(self , None , wx.
ID_ANY , title=title , size = ( 600,400 ) ) self .
themeDict = { " Glossy
Theme ( Default ) " : 0 , " Simple Theme " : 1 , " VC71 Theme " : 2 , " Firefox 2 Theme " : 3 , " VC8 Theme " : 4 , " Chrome Theme " : 5 , } # create the AUI manager self.aui_mgr = AUIManager ( self ) # create the AUI Notebook self.notebook = AUINotebook ( self ) self._notebook_style = self.notebook.default_style # add notebook to AUI manager self.aui_mgr.AddPane(self.notebook , aui .
AuiPaneInfo( ) .
Name ( " notebook_content " ) .
CenterPane ( ) .PaneBorder ( False ) ) self.aui_mgr.Update ( ) # create menu and tool bars self.createMenu( ) self.createTB( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def createMenu( self ) : " " " Create the menu " " " def doBind ( item , handler ) : " " " Create menu events . " " " self .
Bind( wx.EVT_MENU , handler , item ) menubar = wx. MenuBar ( ) fileMenu = wx. Menu( ) doBind ( fileMenu .
Append(wx.ID_ANY , " &Exit\tAlt + F4 " , " Exit Program " ) , self.onExit ) optionsMenu = wx. Menu( ) doBind ( optionsMenu .
Append( wx.ID_ANY , " Disable Current Tab " ) , self.onDisableTab ) # add the menus to the menubar menubar .
Append ( fileMenu , " File " ) menubar .
Append( optionsMenu , " Options " ) self .
SetMenuBar( menubar )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def createTB ( self ) : " " " Create the toolbar " " " TBFLAGS = ( wx .
TB_HORIZONTAL | wx.NO_BORDER | wx. TB_FLAT ) tb = self .
CreateToolBar( TBFLAGS ) keys = self .themeDict.keys ( ) keys.sort ( ) choices = keys cb = wx .
ComboBox ( tb , wx .
ID_ANY , " Glossy Theme ( Default ) " , choices=choices , size=wx.DefaultSize , style=wx.CB_DROPDOWN ) cb.Bind(wx.EVT_COMBOBOX , self.onChangeTheme ) tb. AddControl ( cb ) tb. AddSeparator ( ) self.closeChoices = [ " No Close Button " , " Close Button At Right " , " Close Button On All Tabs " , " Close Button On Active Tab " ] cb = wx.ComboBox ( tb , wx .
ID_ANY , self.closeChoices [ 3 ] , choices=self.closeChoices , size=wx.DefaultSize , style=wx.CB_DROPDOWN ) cb.Bind(wx.EVT_COMBOBOX , self.onChangeTabClose ) tb. AddControl ( cb ) tb. Realize ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onChangeTabClose ( self , event ) : " " " Change how the close button behaves on a tab Note : Based partially on the agw AUI demo " " " choice = event .
GetString ( ) self._notebook_style &= ~(aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_BUTTON
| aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ACTIVE_TAB
| aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ALL_TABS ) # note that this close button does n't work for some reason if choice == " Close Button At Right " : self._notebook_style ^= aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_BUTTON
elif choice == " Close Button On All Tabs " : self._notebook_style ^= aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ALL_TABS
elif choice == " Close Button On Active Tab " : self._notebook_style ^= aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ACTIVE_TAB
self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(self._notebook_style ) self.notebook.Refresh ( ) self.notebook .Update ()
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onChangeTheme ( self , event ) : " " " Changes the notebook 's theme Note : Based partially on the agw AUI demo " " " print event .
GetString ( ) evId = self .themeDict[event.GetString ( ) ] print evId all_panes = self.aui_mgr.GetAllPanes ( ) for pane in all_panes : if isinstance ( pane.window , aui.AuiNotebook ) : nb = pane .
window if evId == ID_NotebookArtGloss : nb.SetArtProvider(aui.AuiDefaultTabArt( ) ) self._notebook_theme = 0 elif evId == ID_NotebookArtSimple : nb.SetArtProvider(aui.AuiSimpleTabArt( ) ) self._notebook_theme = 1 elif evId == ID_NotebookArtVC71 : nb.SetArtProvider( aui.VC71TabArt( ) ) self._notebook_theme = 2 elif evId == ID_NotebookArtFF2 : nb.SetArtProvider( aui.FF2TabArt( ) ) self._notebook_theme = 3 elif evId == ID_NotebookArtVC8 : nb.SetArtProvider( aui.VC8TabArt( ) ) self._notebook_theme = 4 elif evId == ID_NotebookArtChrome : nb.SetArtProvider(aui.ChromeTabArt( ) ) self._notebook_theme = 5 #nb.SetWindowStyleFlag(self._notebook_style ) nb.Refresh ( ) nb. Update ()
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def onDisableTab( self , event ) : " " " Disables the current tab " " " page = self.notebook.GetCurrentPage ( ) page_idx = self.notebook.GetPageIndex(page ) self.notebook.EnableTab(page_idx , False ) self.notebook.AdvanceSelection ()
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- def on Exit( self , event ) : " " " Close the demo " " " self .
Close ( )
#---------------------------------------------------------------------- if __name__ == " __main__ " : app = wx.PySimpleApp( ) frame = DemoFrame ( ) frame .
Show ( ) app.MainLoop ( )
For this demo , I decided to try subclassing AuiManager and the aui.
AuiNotebook .
While I think this could be helpful if you ever needed to instantiate multiple AuiManager instances , for the purposes of this demo , it really did n’t help much other than showing you how to do it .
Let ’s unpack this example bit by bit and see how it works !
In the AuiManager class , I force the programmer to pass in the window to be managed and it calls the SetManagedWindow ( ) automatically .
You could do this with some of AuiManager ’s other functions as well .
In the AuiNotebook ’s case , I set a default style using its SetWindowStyleFlag ( ) method and then I add some pages to the notebook .
This gives me a quick and easy way to create multiple notebooks quickly .
The DemoFrame does the bulk of the work .
It creates a theme dictionary for later use , instantiates the AuiManager and AuiNotebook , and creates a toolbar and menubar .
Our focus will be the event handlers related to the menubar and the toolbar as they affect the way the AuiNotebook functions .
Our first method of interest is onChangeTabClose ( ) .
Listing 6
def onChangeTabClose ( self , event ) : " " " Change how the close button behaves on a tab Note : Based partially on the agw AUI demo " " " choice = event .
GetString ( ) self._notebook_style &= ~(aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_BUTTON
| aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ACTIVE_TAB
| aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ALL_TABS ) # note that this close button does n't work for some reason if choice == " Close Button At Right " : self._notebook_style ^= aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_BUTTON
elif choice == " Close Button On All Tabs " : self._notebook_style ^= aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ALL_TABS
elif choice == " Close Button On Active Tab " : self._notebook_style ^= aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ACTIVE_TAB
self.notebook.SetWindowStyleFlag(self._notebook_style ) self.notebook.Refresh ( ) self.notebook .Update ()
This event handler is invoked from combobox events generated by the second combobox in the toolbar .
Its purpose is to decide the placement of the close button on the tabs .
First , it grabs the user ’s choice by calling “ event. GetString ( ) ” .
Next it uses some bitwise operators to clear the close button related styles .
If I ’m reading it correctly , it “ ands ” the current notebook style with a “ notted ” multi -“ or ” .
Yes , it ’s confusing .
To put it simply , it says that the three styles ( aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_BUTTON , aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ACTIVE_TAB , aui.AUI_NB_CLOSE_ON_ALL_TABS ) will be subtracted from the current notebook style .
Then I use a conditional to decide which style to actually apply to the notebook .
Once that ’s added to the variable , I use the notebook ’s SetWindowStyleFlag ( ) to apply it and then Refresh and Update the display so the user can see the changes .
Now we turn to changing the notebook ’s style :
Listing 7
def onChangeTheme ( self , event ) : " " " Changes the notebook 's theme Note : Based partially on the agw AUI demo " " " evId = self .themeDict[event.GetString ( ) ] all_panes = self.aui_mgr.GetAllPanes ( ) for pane in all_panes : if isinstance ( pane.window , aui.AuiNotebook ) : nb = pane .
window if evId == ID_NotebookArtGloss : nb.SetArtProvider(aui.AuiDefaultTabArt( ) ) elif evId == ID_NotebookArtSimple : nb.SetArtProvider(aui.AuiSimpleTabArt( ) ) elif evId == ID_NotebookArtVC71 : nb.SetArtProvider( aui.VC71TabArt( ) ) elif evId == ID_NotebookArtFF2 : nb.SetArtProvider( aui.FF2TabArt( ) ) elif evId == ID_NotebookArtVC8 : nb.SetArtProvider( aui.VC8TabArt( ) ) elif evId == ID_NotebookArtChrome : nb.SetArtProvider(aui.ChromeTabArt ( ) ) nb. Refresh ( ) nb. Update ()
The event handler is called from the first toolbar ’s combobox events .
It too grabs the user ’s choice via event .
GetString ( ) and then uses the string as a key for my theme dictionary .
The dictionary returns an integer which is assigned to “ evId ” .
Next , the AuiManager instance calls GetAllPanes ( ) to get a list of all the pages in the notebook .
Finally , the handler then loops over the pages and uses a nested conditional to change the notebook ’s them the call to SetArtProvider ( ) .
To show the changes , we finish by calling the notebook ’s Refresh and Update methods .
The last method that I ’m going to go over from this demo is “ onDisableTab ” :
Listing 8
def onDisableTab( self , event ) : " " " Disables the current tab " " " page = self.notebook.GetCurrentPage ( ) page_idx = self.notebook.GetPageIndex(page ) self.notebook.EnableTab(page_idx , False ) self.notebook.AdvanceSelection ( )
This event handler gets fired by a menu event and is a pretty simple piece of code .
First , we call the notebook ’s GetCurrentPage ( ) method and then pass the result to the notebook ’s GetPageIndex ( ) method .
Now that we have the page index , we can use that to disable it via the notebook ’s EnableTab method .
As you can see , by passing False , we disable the page .
You can also use the EnableTab method to re-enable the tab by passing True .
Wrapping Up
There are tons of other methods that affect the behavior of both of these notebooks .
It would take several more articles to cover everything .
Be sure to download the wxPython demo and the SVN version of the code to get the most of these wonderful notebooks and to see what I have n’t covered here .
For example , I did n’t talk about the events of the respective widgets , the tab position ( bottom , top , etc ) , or the many and varied abilities that can lock down the AuiNotebook .
Also note that the AuiNotebook supports “ perspectives ” .
The official demo has an example , so I did n’t replicate it here .
Remember that both the FlatNotebook and the AGW AuiNotebook are pure python , so you can hack at them yourself if you know python .
Note :
All code tested on Windowx XP / Vista with wx Python 2.8.10.1 ( unicode ) and Python 2.5 using the latest SVN versions of AGW .
The code should work equally well on other operating systems .
If not , let me know of email the wxPython mailing list .
Further Reading
Downloads
7.30 am
The Iranian opposition movement has been debating new dates to renew their street protests since they last took to the streets in significant numbers on Qods day in September .
They opted for today in attempt to hijack another official rally .
It 's Students Day when Iran celebrates the 1979 takeover of the US embassy in Tehran with anti-US demonstrations .
Here 's some of the background :
• The defeated opposition candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi have urged their supporters to take to the streets .
• Official anti-US rallies are planned to take place outside the US embassy .
• Tehran 's police force has warned it will " strongly confront " any other gatherings .
• Rumours have been flying about what may happen today .
There 's speculation that pro-regime students plan to storm the UK embassy , but there 's also talk that opposition protesters may do the same to the Russian embassy .
There continues to be tough restrictions on journalists in Iran which means that reliable information is difficult to obtain , so if you are in Iran and have news , please email me at matthew.weaver@guardian.co.uk or post updates or useful links in the comments section below .
7.35 am :
Police fired teargas to disperse thousands of protesters , a witness told Reuters .
Usually reliable sources on Twitter said there has been a repeated use of teargas in Hafte Tir Square in Tehran .
They also report that some protesters have been violently beaten by the security forces wielding batons .
Metro stations have been blocked and there 's a heavy police presence .
7.57 am :
Unsurprisingly the state media is ignoring the opposition protests and focusing instead on the official anti-US rallies .
Press TV claims :
" Tens of thousands of people from all walks of life and many political persuasions have staged a rally at the site of the former US embassy in Tehran , better known in Iranian history as the ' den of spies ' . "
8.01 am :
Five protesters have been arrested , according to Reuters .
It also gives more details of clashes and the movements of the security forces outside both the US and Russian embassies .
8.06 am :
One of opposition leaders Mehdi Karoubi has been seen in Hafte Tir Square , according to ABC reporter Lara Setrakian , citing a colleague .
Callers to the dissident Iranian radio station ePersian radio also report seeing Karoubi among the protesters , according to translations from blogger Homylafayette .
The website of ePersian radio seems to be overloaded , but you can listen in here .
8.33 am :
The usually trustworthy opposition website Mowjcamp claims shots have been fired in Hafte Tir Square and that protesters have been injured , according to a translation from Saeed Kamali Dehghan , who is in London after reporting from Tehran .
8.39 am :
Police are wearing teargas masks for the first time , according to an email from a contact in Tehran .
He also reports that the security forces are filming protesters and that most of the government buildings in central Tehran are closed .
8.45 am :
The first videos claiming to show today 's protests are starting to appear on YouTube .
This one is appears to have been shot undercover so it is difficult to get a sense of what is going on , but the crowd can be heard chanting " do n't be afraid , we are altogether " and " down with the dictator " .
Fires can also be seen burning in the streets - a sign that teargas has been used as the smoke weakens the power of the gas .
9.04 am :
Once again news of the protests in Tehran is spreading rapidly on Twitter as Trendsmap demonstrates .
One of the biggest trending topics is # 13 aban , today 's date in the Iranian calender .
9.10 am :
Shouts of " down with the dictator " were clearly audible on state TV during live coverage of a speech by the hardliner Haddad Adel at the official ceremony , according to a 12.15 pm ( local time ) update from the blogger Revolutionary Road .
9.15 am :
Protesters can be seen fleeing a baton charge in this video , apparently taken today from Karimkhan bridge in central Tehran .
( You have to tilt your head to watch it . )
9.23am :
Today anti-regime protests are not confined to Tehran .
There have been reports of thousands gathering in the southern city of Shiraz and Isfahan in central Iran , and in this video shows a small opposition rally in the northern city of Rasht .
9.28 am :
A contact emailed the Guardian from Tehran to report more clashes in Ghaem Magham Farahani street near Hafte Tir Square .
Some were covered in blood after being shot at , the witness said
He also confirmed that rubbish has been set on fire in the street to help combat teargas .
9.32 am :
The Guardian 's middle east editor Ian Black has filed a backgrounder on today 's protests which is due to be published soon .
Here 's a preview :
Iran -watchers and analysts at home and abroad say today 's " nest of spies " events could be a test of how hard the regime is prepared to crack down again after a period of relative calm in recent weeks — and perhaps provide some clues about apparent disagreements between hardliners and more pragmatic elements .
Another point to watch is the coherence of the Greens ' leadership : what is the role of Mehdi Karoubi , another defeated reformist candidate , and of Mohammed Khatami , the former president who Ahmadinejad defeated in 2005 ?
9.39 am :
Karoubi has been roughed up by " agitators , " according to the reformist website Mowjcamp .
His bodyguard helped him leave the scene , it says .
There has been little word so far about Mousavi .
9.42 am :
" Russian Embassy - nest of spies " , chant the protesters in this clip in a twist to the official anti-US slogan .
9.51 am :
A friend of a usually reliable source on Twitter has been hit in the eye by a plastic bullet and has been take to hospital .
9.56 am :
This video gives a better idea of the scale of today 's protests .
The protesters are singing a popular Iranian song that has been chanted several times in the past month in protests held in the universities , according to my colleague Saeed .
10.01 am :
Two bus loads carrying around 50 arrested protesters has been seen near Shahid Shiroudi sport complex in Tehran , according to an update on the opposition forum Balatarin.com .
The Guardian 's database of those killed and detained in the protests is still being updated .
10.12 am :
Around 200 protesters gathered outside the headquarters of the official news agency IRNA , it reported .
Opposition websites suggest that more people were involved .
Striking photos of protests elsewhere have been uploaded to Twitpic .
10.17am :
Riot police are seen violently attacking protesters in this video after about two minutes of chanting .
Protesters were shouting slogans in praise of Karoubi and Mousavi and were calling for political prisoners to be released .
10.27am :
Security forces mainly paramilitary units from the Revolutionary Guard swept through an opposition march in central Tehran , clubbing some protesters and kicking and slapping others , according to Associated Press witnesses .
10.32am :
Twenty people have been arrested and several injured in the southern city of Shiraz following clashes between protesters and the security forces , according to the reformist website Rahesabz , writes our former Tehran correspondent Robert Tait .
The report also said police had fired more than 100 shots in the air to disperse demonstrators .
Agents in plain clothes have been filming and photographing the scene .
Shiraz , a city for its Persian poets and relaxed atmosphere , was the scene of particularly violent clashes in the immediate aftermath of June 's disputed election .
10.39am :
New video purports to show protesters dressing bleeding head wounds after clashes with the security forces .
Similar scenes can be seen on Twitpic .
10.47am :
Karoubi's son claimed teargas was directed at his father .
In an interview with Radio Farda Mohammad Taghi Karoubi , said : " The official forces directly targeted Mehdi Karoubi and fired teargas toward him . "
Video shot earlier shows Karoubi on his way to the demonstration .
Another video shows a closer view of him being mobbed by supporters .
10.51 am :
Barack Obama has issued a statement on Iran .
He said :
We have heard for thirty years what the Iranian government is against ; the question , now , is what kind of future it is for .
The American people have great respect for the people of Iran and their rich history .
The world continues to bear witness to their powerful calls for justice , and their courageous pursuit of universal rights .
It is time for the Iranian government to decide whether it wants to focus on the past , or whether it will make the choices that will open the door to greater opportunity , prosperity , and justice for its people .
In this video protesters chant " Obama , are you with us or against us ? "
10.54am :
Criticising the supreme leader Ayatollah Khamenei used to be taboo .
Now protesters are accusing him of being a " murderer " .
In this video they also shout " his leadership is over " .
It was apparently taken today in Keshavarz , central Tehran .
11.14am :
Habiballah Peyman , a senior member of the opposition National Religious Party , has been badly beaten , writes Robert Tait , citing a report on the reformist website Mowjcamp .
He was left with a fractured skull after being attacked by pro-regime vigilantes , who assaulted him with batons and also smashed his glasses .
His wife was also hurt in the incident , which apparently happened in the main demonstration commemorating the embassy takeover .
Peyman is an outspoken character and has previously spent time in prison for his views .
11.23am :
There are unconfirmed reports , repeated by the Times , that those arrested include the mother of Neda Soltan , the student whose shooting in June made her an icon of the protests .
11.27am :
Soltan , a photo - journalist contact in Tehran , took this picture of today 's protest .
11.56am :
Here 's another picture from Soltan .
12.04 pm :
This would be the biggest opposition demonstration since the rallies in June if the reports of the unrest are correct , the broadcaster al Jazeera claimed .
12.23 pm :
A 60 - year - old woman returned from the demonstrations to describe the violent crackdown in a call to ePersian radio , according to this translation from blogger Homylafayette .
I joined the demonstration early today and moved towards 7th Tir Square .
There were so many protesters .
They must have bought security forces from around Iran and they were merciless .
I 've gone to all the demonstrations and I 've never seen such violence .
We started chanting and they chased us down a dead end .
We were all crushed together and the anti-riot forces shot something like 5 tear gas canisters into the alley .
I thought my time was over and I would suffocate .
Then the anti-riot forces came into the alley started beating us with their batons .
I was hit on the waist and the mouth .
Protesters were all over the city today .
They would get beaten in one place , then they 'd go to another crossroads and start chanting again .
This regime must go !
It pained me to see the young people struck like that .
I 'm going to rest , then I 'll go out again , because the protests are going to pick up again .
12.36 pm :
Another video from outside Tehran appears to confirm that the protest are not confined to the capital .
It shows protesters chanting " down with the dictator " in the southern city of Shiraz .
12.39 pm :
School children have also joined protests shouting " Death to the dictator " , according to the opposition website Mowjcamp .
Witnesses said student were wearing green on their way to schools .
There are also unconfirmed reports that pupils have been writing in green ink today .
Teargas was thrown into a Dr Hesabi school in Tehran , according to an unconfirmed report .
In the run up to today 's protest pupils in Imam Reza School in Mashhad voted for Mousavi in school council elections .
And in Kashan , in central Iran , 235 schools were temporarily closed officially to combat swine flu .
The opposition see it as way of trying to clamp down on potential protests as there have been few cases of the disease in the region .
12.56 pm :
Basij forces carrying batons can be seen in a new collection of photos from today from the dissident news agency Gooya .
1.03 pm :
At the official rally pro-regime supporters have been burning US flags and trampling on them , but opposition protesters have stamping on images of Ayatollah Khamenei .
1.37 pm :
The reason we have n't heard much about Mousavi is that he 's been barred from leaving his house by the security forces , according to the Czech - based broadcaster Radio Farda .
Mousavi 's official website confirms that he was prevented from joining the demonstration .
1.42 pm :
Basij forces are shown beating protesters in Tehran in this video purportedly taken today .
1.56 pm :
US and Israeli flags are seen burning in the images of official student 's day protest , published by Fars news .
Like the images and film of the protests it is difficult to verify when they were taken .
2.20 pm :
" Obviously this was a well planned effort by the government to handle the protests , " reports a correspondent for Tehran Bureau who said the demonstrations were much smaller than those in the summer .
The writer adds :
I got to Karim Khan bridge and saw a large group of police amassed in riot gear .
Many green - clad people were moving West , away from Hafte Tir Square , but they were not amassed like the demonstrations in June .
Instead , they moved along the sidewalks .
I saw less violence than before , and though I did see the usual old basiji acting as self - appointed police wherever they were , most of them were just pissed off and yelled back at the protesters .
2.31 pm :
The BBC Persian service has published a new collection of photos from today 's protests .
2.34 pm :
Thousands of protesters are shown here at the crossroads of Valiasr Street and Motahari Street , in Tehran .
Some can be heard chanting " no east , no west , a national green government " .
They also chant that Ayatollah Khamenei is a killer .
In this one they chant that a green Iran does n't need nuclear weapons .
2.52 pm :
The citizen photo - journalism website Demotix has published a fresh collection of images from today including a picture of what looks like a protester kicking away a smoking teargas shell .
3.11 pm :
" Down with English " said the placard carried by one participant in the official rally .
It is featured in a gallery of more than 30 images from the website of the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet .
Most show the official rally , but there are striking images of the protesters too .
3.20 pm :
Protesters are shown tearing down an official billboard image of Khamenei at the end of this video .
The same YouTube user has also uploaded footage that purports to show protesters being arrested today .
( That 's it from us today , thanks for your comments . )
Do you have good running shoes ?
Do you have water for before and after your run ?
Do you have a stopwatch or watch to time yourself ?
Did you stretch and warm up ?
If you mentally answered yes 4 times , then skip to the next section ; you 're ready !
If you said yes out loud , who are you talking to !?
You need to have good running shoes in order to run at your full potential .
You do n't want to be halfway through your run and have to stop because your feet hurt or your stride 's all messed up .
Do yourself a favor and get some decent running shoes and make running a bit more comfortable .
Water is VERY important !
But you knew that already , right ?
We 're made up of mostly water and wo n't function properly if we 're not hydrated .
Anytime you break a sweat you 're going to have to replenish that water .
So drink some water before your runs and have some waiting for you after you 're done .
If you aim to improve your mile run time then you need to keep track of your results .
It 's not hard to do , just bring a watch or a stopwatch along and time yourself .
Write down your results each time and when you run this run again aim to beat your old best time .
You 're good competition ; outrun the slower you of the past .
The last step you need to take before you start any run is to warm up .
You may be in great shape and can easily run a mile , but if you do n't warm up you may have to cut your run short or be disappointed with your time .
Stretch and warm up to be sure that you 'll run at your best and reduce the risk of injury .
Alright , let 's get into the workout .
Herta Müller erhält Literaturnobelpreis
Chronistin des Alltagslebens in der Diktatur
Die aus Rumänien stammende Schriftstellerin Herta Müller erhält in diesem Jahr den Literaturnobelpreis .
( AP - Archiv )
Die deutsche Schriftstellerin Herta Müller erhält in diesem Jahr den Nobelpreis für Literatur .
Das teilte die Schwedische Akademie der Wissenschaften in Stockholm mit .
Müller zeichne " mittels der Verdichtung der Poesie und Sachlichkeit der Prosa Landschaften der Heimatlosigkeit " , erklärte die Akademie .
Herta Müller gehörte zum Kreis der ewig gehandelten Anwärter auf den Preis und befand sich damit in illustrer Umgebung : Auch der amerikanische Autor Philipp Roth und seine Kollegin Joyce Carol Oates sowie der israelische Schriftsteller Amos
Oz gelten seit einigen Jahren als " heiße " Kandidaten für die Auszeichnung .
MP3 - Audio
Diktatur als Lebensthema
Müller wurde 1953 in Nitzkydorf im rumänischen Banat geboren .
Sie studierte Germanistik und rumänische Literatur , reiste aber 1987 wegen der Drangsalierungen der rumänischen Securitate nach Deutschland aus .
Sie gilt als Chronistin des Alltagslebens in der Diktatur .
" In der Tat ist es ihr Lebensthema , das Schweigen zu brechen über die Diktatur in Rumänien " , sagte die Literaturkritikerin Sigrid Löffler im Deutschlandradio Kultur .
In anderen Büchern habe Müller ihr " Leben im Transit zwischen Rumänien und Deutschland " , ihre Zerrissenheit abgehandelt .
Der Schriftsteller Richard Wagner betont einen anderen Aspekt von Herta Müllers Werk :
Er sieht ihre Literatur als " vom Dorfleben " geprägt , so der Ex-Ehemann im Deutschlandradio Kultur .
Herta Müller sagte über ihr Schreiben einmal im Deutschlandradio Kultur : " Am allermeisten hat mich immer interessiert : Was ist eine Beschädigung ?
Was ist ein Trauma ?
Das
Wort ist ja so schnell da , auch oft in Situationen , wo es eigentlich nicht unbedingt hingehört .
Wie kann man das beschreiben ?
Mit dem Begriff kann man ja in der Literatur nichts anfangen , den muss man ja auflösen in diese Details , aus denen heraus dieses Trauma oder diese Beschädigung entstanden ist . "
Herta Müller sei sprachlos gewesen , als sie von ihrer Auszeichnung mit dem Nobelpreis für Literatur erfahren habe , sagte ihr Verleger Michael Krüger ( Carl Hanser Verlag ) .
Sie habe selber nicht damit gerechnet .
MP3 - Audio
Es könnte sogar noch eine hoch dotierte Auszeichnung hinzu kommen : Müllers letzter Roman " Atemschaukel " findet sich auf der Shortlist des Deutschen Buchpreises , der in der kommenden Woche auf der Frankfurter Buchmesse verliehen wird .
Der Literaturnobelpreis wird jeweils am 10 .
Dezember , dem Todestag des Preisstifters Alfred Nobel , in Stockholm überreicht .
Er wird seit 1901 verliehen .
Zu den bisherigen deutschen Literaturnobelpreisträgern gehören Günter Grass , Heinrich Böll , Thomas Mann und Gerhart Hauptmann .
Im letzten Jahr erhielt den Preis der französische Schriftsteller J.M.G. Le Clezio .
Der Nobelpreis wird jedes Jahr in fünf Kategorien verliehen .
Bislang wurden in diesem Jahr die Preise für Medizin , Chemie , Physik und Literaturbekannt gemacht .
Frieden und der Sonderpreis für Ökonomie folgen .
How to Know You Wo n’t Have a Sudden - Death Heart Attack Over the Next Ten Years
by Bill Sardi
Recently by Bill Sardi : Did 1918 Spanish Flu Deaths Result From Aspirin - Induced Scurvy ( VitaminCDeficiency ) ?
If you want assurance that you are n’t going to experience a sudden - death heart attack over the next few years , look not to your cholesterol numbers , but rather your calcium arterial score .
According to the latest study ( see chart below ) , the chances of experiencing a mortal heart attack or stroke over the next 4 years is near zero if the measure of calcium deposits in your coronary arteries is zero .
On the other hand , if your calcium coronary artery score is 1000 or more , you only have ~ 15 % chance of surviving over the next 4 years .
If your calcium artery score is greater than 1000 , your risk of dying from a sudden - death heart attack or mortal stroke is ~ 28 times higher than a people with no calcifications in their coronary arteries .
CAC = coronary artery calcium HR = hazard ratio p value = statistical significance ( lowest number is best )
With realization that sudden cardiac death is frequently the first manifestation of coronary artery disease , and with current technology only able to predict 65 — 80 % of future heart attacks or strokes , and with one study showing just 25 % of patients would meet the criteria for statin cholesterol drug therapy the day before their first heart attack , modern medicine is desperately searching for a more reliable approach to predict sudden - death heart attacks .
A growing body of data unequivocally shows that a measure of calcium deposits in coronary arteries is 99 % predictive of future heart attacks .
1
However , the cholesterol - theory of heart disease prevails and it would be quite an admission that cardiology has been misdirected for the past five decades , a concession that modern medicine is still not ready to accept .
But the fact that cardiac care costs more than $ 475 billion a year may force stronger justification of all the technologies employed to prevent and treat heart disease .
With cardiology not budging away from its cholesterol mantra , cardiac imaging centers that perform assessments of calcification of coronary arteries are unfairly being questioned for their exorbitant cost — in the billions of dollars .
These coronary CT - scans do subject patients to radiation equivalent to quite a few chest x-rays , but they more accurately predict future heart attacks and strokes than other assessment tools .
( Coronary artery calcium scores of 0 indicate no plaque ; 1— 9 minimal ; 10—99 mild ; 100—399 moderate ; 400—999 extensive ; and 1,000 or more very extensive plaque . )
According to the most recent study , about 100 adults would have to be screened to find 8 with coronary artery calcium scores indicative of a high risk for a heart attack or stroke .
2
Albeit , a coronary calcium score of zero is 99 % reliable in predicting 10 - year survival of patients with no cardiac symptoms .
3
The Best of Bill Sardi
Dark Fantasy Roleplaying
Ages have passed since the last horrific Blight ravaged the world of Thedas .
Some thought the current era , the Dragon Age , would pass without a Blight as well .
They were wrong .
Beneath the ground , darkspawn stir .
A new archdemon has risen and with it a Blight that scourges the lands and darkens the skies .
The nations of Thedas need a new generation of heroes .
Will you answer the call ?
Green Ronin Publishing brings fantasy roleplaying back to its dark and gritty roots with the Dragon Age RPG .
Based on the hugely popular video games , the award - winning Dragon Age RPG brings the excitement of BioWare ’s rich fantasy world to the tabletop .
Designed by Chris Pramas ( Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay , Freeport ) , Dragon Age features an original game system ( the Adventure Game Engine ) that ’s both easy to learn and exciting to play .
The Dragon Age RPG is the perfect portal to tabletop roleplaying .
The Adventure Game Engine ’s rules run on your wits and a roll of the dice .
Dragon
Age also features an innovative stunt system that keeps combat and spellcasting tense and exciting .
So gather your friends , grab some dice , and get ready to enter a gripping world of heroic challenges and villainous rivals , of brave knights and bloodthirsty darkspawn , of mysterious gods and menacing demons — the world of Dragon Age !
It 's taken a long time , but the issue of global climate change is finally getting the attention it deserves .
While enormous technical , policy , and economic issues remain to be solved , there is now widespread acceptance of the need to confront the twin challenges of energy security and climate change .
Collectively , we are beginning to acknowledge that our long addiction to fossil fuels — which has been harming our national security , our economy and our environment for decades — must end .
The question today is no longer why , but how .
The die is cast , and our relationship to energy will never be the same .
Unfortunately , this positive shift in the national zeitgeist has had an unintended downside .
In the rush to portray the perils of climate change , many other serious issues have been largely ignored .
Climate change has become the poster child of environmental crises , complete with its own celebrities and campaigners .
But is it so serious that we can afford to overlook the rise of infectious disease , the collapse of fisheries , the ongoing loss of forests and biodiversity , and the depletion of global water supplies ?
Although I 'm a climate scientist by training , I worry about this collective fixation on global warming as the mother of all environmental problems .
Learning from the research my colleagues and I have done over the past decade , I fear we are neglecting another , equally inconvenient truth : that we now face a global crisis in land use and agriculture that could undermine the health , security , and sustainability of our civilization .
Our use of land , particularly for agriculture , is absolutely essential to the success of the human race .
We depend on agriculture to supply us with food , feed , fiber , and , increasingly , biofuels .
Without a highly efficient , productive , and resilient agricultural system , our society would collapse almost overnight .
But we are demanding more and more from our global agricultural systems , pushing them to their very limits .
Continued population growth ( adding more than 70 million people to the world every year ) , changing dietary preferences ( including more meat and dairy consumption ) , rising energy prices , and increasing needs for bioenergy sources are putting tremendous pressure on the world 's resources .
And , if we want any hope of keeping up with these demands , we 'll need to double , perhaps triple , the agricultural production of the planet in the next 30 to 40 years .
Meeting these huge new agricultural demands will be one of the greatest challenges of the 21st century .
At present , it is completely unclear how ( and if ) we can do it .
If this was n't enough , we must also address the massive environmental impacts of our current agricultural practices , which new evidence indicates rival the impacts of climate change .
Consider the following .
Already , we have cleared or converted more than 35 percent of the earth 's ice - free land surface for agriculture , whether for croplands , pastures or rangelands .
In fact , the area used for agriculture is nearly 60 times larger than the area of all of the world 's cities and suburbs .
Since the last ice age , nothing has been more disruptive to the planet 's ecosystems than agriculture .
What will happen to our remaining ecosystems , including tropical rainforests , if we need to double or triple world agricultural production , while simultaneously coping with climate change ?
Freshwater decline .
Across the globe , we already use a staggering 4,000 cubic kilometers of water per year , withdrawn from our streams , rivers , lakes and aquifers .
Of this , 70 percent is used for irrigation , the single biggest use of water , by far , on the globe .
As a result , many large rivers have greatly reduced flows and some routinely dry up .
Just look at the Aral Sea , now turned to desert , or the mighty Colorado River , which no longer sends any water to the ocean , for living proof .
And the extraction of water from deep groundwater reserves is almost universally unsustainable , and has resulted in rapidly declining water tables in many regions of the world .
Future water demands from increasing population and agricultural consumption will likely climb between 4,500 and 6,200 cubic kilometers per year , hugely compounding the impacts of climate change , especially in arid regions .
Widespread pollution .
Agriculture , particularly the use of industrial fertilizers and other chemicals , has fundamentally upset the chemistry of the entire planet .
Already , the use of fertilizers has more than doubled the flows of nitrogen and phosphorus compounds in the environment , resulting in widespread water pollution and the massive degradation of lakes and rivers .
Excess nutrient pollution is now so widespread , it is even contributing to the disruption of coastal oceans and fishing grounds by creating hypoxic " dead zones , " including one in the Gulf of Mexico .
Given our current practices , future increases in food demand will dramatically increase water pollution and ecosystem destruction through agricultural effluent .
Ironically , the fertilizer runoff from farmlands compromises another crucial source of food : coastal fishing grounds .
Greenhouse gas emissions .
Last , but certainly not least , land use is also one of the biggest contributors to global warming .
Of the three most important man-made greenhouse gasses — carbon dioxide , methane and nitrous oxide — land use and agricultural practices , including tropical deforestation , emit 30 percent of the total .
That 's more than the emissions from all the world 's passenger cars , trucks , trains and planes , or the emissions from all electricity generation or manufacturing .
Compared to any other human activity , land use and agriculture are the greatest emitters of greenhouse gasses .
The vast majority comes from deforestation , methane emissions from animals and rice fields , and nitrous oxide emissions from heavily fertilized fields .
Yet , for some reason , agriculture has been largely able to avoid the attention of emissions reductions policies .
The list of environmental impacts from agricultural land use goes on and on — and clearly threatens human well - being and the health of the biosphere as much as global warming .
In fact , in a recent paper in Nature , a number of us documented " planetary boundaries " where large - scale environmental changes could result in catastrophic tipping points .
Of those changes , an equal number were tied to climate change and CO2 emissions as were connected to land - use and agriculture .
From these newly revealed facts , it 's clear that we must consider multiple inconvenient truths .
The future of our civilization and our planet requires that we simultaneously address the grand challenges of climate change and land use , ultimately finding new ways to meet the needs of our economy , our security and the environment .
Anything less will be a complete catastrophe .
So , what are the solutions to the global land crisis ?
Here are just a few to start with .
First , acknowledge the problem .
Even in circles of well - informed scientists and agricultural experts , the notion that our land use and agricultural practices rival climate change as a global environmental threat comes as a big surprise .
Clearly we need to have a larger international conversation about this issue , on par with the recent efforts of the climate change community and Al Gore , to give it the attention it deserves .
Invest in revolutionary agricultural solutions .
The Obama administration has invested billions of dollars into new energy technology , research and infrastructure , and aggressive plans for new climate mitigation policies are being developed .
These strategies are important , but I wonder where the stimulus funding for new " out of the box " agricultural research is ?
Where are we investing public dollars in revolutionary approaches to feeding the world , while reducing the environmental impacts of agriculture ?
These might include the development of new hybrid crops , designed to use water and nitrogen more efficiently , or the invention of perennial crops that do n't need to be planted every year .
Do n't such ideas count as national priorities , too ?
Ca n't we afford to launch a " Greener " Revolution ?
Bridge the artificial divide between production agriculture and environmental conservation .
We cannot solve these problems by boosting agricultural production at the expense of the environment , nor can we ignore the growing need for food in the name of preserving natural ecosystems .
Instead , we must find ways to simultaneously increase production of our agricultural systems while greatly reducing their environmental impacts .
This is not going to be easy .
Yet , drawing on the lessons from recent research , including the successes and failures of local organic practice , combined with the efficiency and scalability of commercial agriculture , will be crucial .
In recent years , for example , U.S. farmers — working with agricultural experts — have dramatically improved practices in the corn and soybean belt , cutting down on erosion , nutrient loss , and groundwater pollution , even as yields have continued to increase .
As a first step , advocates of environmental conservation , organic farming and commercial agriculture all need to put down their guns and work toward solving the problems of food security and the environment — with everyone at the table .
Providing for the basic needs of 9 billion - plus people , without ruining the biosphere in the process , will be one of the greatest challenges our species has ever faced .
It will require the imagination , determination and hard work of countless people from all over the world , embarked on one of the noblest causes in history .
But the first step is admitting we have more than one problem .
The China Railway Construction Corporation is the second largest state - owned construction enterprise in the People ’s Republic of China , just after China Railway Engineering Corporation .
Its headquarter is in Beijing .
Formerly the railway arm of the People ’s Liberation Army , CRCC is engaged in the businesses of construction contracting , survey , design and consultation , industrial manufacturing , exploitation of real estate , capital operation and logistics .
It is currently China ’s largest construction contractor and the world ’s sixth construction contractor . [ 2 ]
CRCC is under the supervision by the State Council of the People ’s Republic of China .
In February 2008 , A shares and H shares of CRCC were listed on the Shanghai and Hong Kong , with IPO price RMB$ 9.8 and HK$ 10.7 respectively .
The A shares closed at RMB$ 11.64 at the first trading day , 10 March 2008 , 28 % rise compared with its IPO price of RMB$ 9.08 .
The H shares closed at HK $ 12 , 12 % rise compared with its IPO price of HK$ 10.7 .
The performance was poorer than expected because of poor investment atmosphere from United States subprime mortgage crisis and China ’s economic macro-control .
However , it was the second - largest IPO worldwide , with funds raised in the amount of USD 5,709 m , second only to the IPO of Visa ( USD 19,650 m ) .
“ 1186 ″ , the stock code of CRCC H shares , was used by two famous companies before .
The first time was when Richard Li’s Pacific Century CyberWorks injected its assets into Tricom Holdings , which had stock code of “ 1186 ″ .
But “ 1186 ″ was not used after Pacific Century CyberWorks merged with Hong Kong Telecom in 2000 to become PCCW .
The second time was when Value Partners Group used it for Value Partners China Greenchip Fund .
But it was delisted in 2007 and became an open - ended mutual fund .
Check more Daily News
PERKASIE , Pennsylvania ( Reuters ) - Carin Froehlich pegs her laundry to three clotheslines strung between trees outside her 18th - century farmhouse , knowing that her actions annoy local officials who have asked her to stop .
Carin Froehlich has help from her granddaughter Ava as they hang some laundry in the front yard of her residence in Perkasie , Pennsylvania , November 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tim Shaffer
Froehlich is among the growing number of people across America fighting for the right to dry their laundry outside against a rising tide of housing associations who oppose the practice despite its energy - saving green appeal .
Although there are no formal laws in this southeast Pennsylvania town against drying laundry outside , a town official called Froehlich to ask her to stop drying clothes in the sun .
And she received two anonymous notes from neighbors saying they did not want to see her underwear flapping about .
“ They said it made the place look like trailer trash , ” she said , in her yard across the street from a row of neat , suburban houses .
“ They said they did n’t want to look at my ‘ unmentionables . ’ ”
Froehlich says she hangs her underwear inside .
The effervescent 54 - year - old is one of a growing number of Americans demanding the right to dry laundry on clotheslines despite local rules and a culture that frowns on it .
Their interests are represented by Project Laundry List , a group that argues people can save money and reduce carbon emissions by not using their electric or gas dryers , according to the group ’s executive director , Alexander Lee .
Widespread adoption of clotheslines could significantly reduce U.S. energy consumption , argued Lee , who said dryer use accounts for about 6 percent of U.S. residential electricity use .
Florida , Utah , Maine , Vermont , Colorado , and Hawaii have passed laws restricting the rights of local authorities to stop residents using clotheslines .
Another five states are considering similar measures , said Lee , 35 , a former lawyer who quit to run the non-profit group .
‘ RIGHT TO HANG ’
Slideshow ( 2 images )
His principal opponents are the housing associations such as condominiums and townhouse communities that are home to an estimated 60 million Americans , or about 20 percent of the population .
About half of those organizations have ‘ no hanging ’ rules , Lee said , and enforce them with fines .
Carl Weiner , a lawyer for about 50 homeowners associations in suburban Philadelphia , said the no-hanging rules are usually included by the communities ’ developers along with regulations such as a ban on sheds or commercial vehicles .
The no-hanging rules are an aesthetic issue , Weiner said .
“ The consensus in most communities is that people do n’t want to see everybody else ’s laundry . ”
He said opposition to clotheslines may ease as more people understand it can save energy and reduce greenhouse gases .
“ There is more awareness of impact on the environment , ” he said .
“ I would not be surprised to see people questioning these restrictions . ”
For Froehlich , the “ right to hang ” is the embodiment of the American tradition of freedom .
“ If my husband has a right to have guns in the house , I have a right to hang laundry , ” said Froehlich , who is writing a book on the subject .
Besides , it saves money .
Line - drying laundry for a family of five saves $ 83 a month in electric bills , she said .
Kevin Firth , who owns a two - bedroom condominium in a Dublin , Pennsylvania housing association , said he was fined $ 100 by the association for putting up a clothesline in a common area .
“ It made me angry and upset , ” said Firth , a 27 - year - old carpenter .
“ I like having the laundry drying in the sun .
It ’s something I have always done since I was a little kid . ”
From Scholarpedia
A Boltzmann machine is a network of symmetrically connected , neuron - like units that make stochastic decisions about whether to be on or off .
Boltzmann machines have a simple learning algorithm ( Hinton & Sejnowski , 1983 ) that allows them to discover interesting features that represent complex regularities in the training data .
The learning algorithm is very slow in networks with many layers of feature detectors , but it is fast in " restricted Boltzmann machines " that have a single layer of feature detectors .
Many hidden layers can be learned efficiently by composing restricted Boltzmann machines , using the feature activations of one as the training data for the next .
Boltzmann machines are used to solve two quite different computational problems .
For a search problem , the weights on the connections are fixed and are used to represent a cost function .
The stochastic dynamics of a Boltzmann machine then allow it to sample binary state vectors that have low values of the cost function .
For a learning problem , the Boltzmann machine is shown a set of binary data vectors and it must learn to generate these vectors with high probability .
To do this , it must find weights on the connections so that , relative to other possible binary vectors , the data vectors have low values of the cost function .
To solve a learning problem , Boltzmann machines make many small updates to their weights , and each update requires them to solve many different search problems .
The stochastic dynamics of a Boltzmann machine
When unit \ ( i\ ) is given the opportunity to update its binary state , it first computes its total input , \( z_i\ , \ ) which is the sum of its own bias , \( b_i\ , \ ) and the weights on connections coming from other active units : \[ \tag{1} z_i = b_i + \ sum_j s_j w_{ij} \]
where \( w_{ij}\ ) is the weight on the connection between \ ( i\ ) and \ ( j\ , \ ) and \( s_j\ ) is \ ( 1\ ) if unit \ ( j\ ) is on and \ ( 0\ ) otherwise .
Unit \( i\ ) then turns on with a probability given by the logistic function : \ [ \tag{2} prob( s_i=1 ) \ \ = \ \ \frac{1} { 1+e^{-z_i}} \]
If the units are updated sequentially in any order that does not depend on their total inputs , the network will eventually reach a Boltzmann distribution ( also called its equilibrium or stationary distribution ) in which the probability of a state vector , \ ( v\ , \ ) is determined solely by the " energy " of that state vector relative to the energies of all possible binary state vectors : \[ \tag{3} P( \mathbf{v} ) = e^{-E( \mathbf{v})}/\sum_\mathbf{u} e^{-E( \mathbf{u} ) } \]
As in Hopfield nets , the energy of state vector \( \mathbf{v}\ ) is defined as \[ \tag{4} E( \mathbf{v} ) = -\sum_i s^\mathbf{v}_i b_i -\sum_{i<j} s^\mathbf{v}_i s^\mathbf{v}_j w_{ij} \]
where \( s^\mathbf{v}_i\ ) is the binary state assigned to unit \ ( i\ ) by state vector \( \mathbf{v} \ .\)
If the weights on the connections are chosen so that the energies of state vectors represent the cost of those state vectors , then the stochastic dynamics of a Boltzmann machine can be viewed as a way of escaping from poor local optima while searching for low - cost solutions .
The total input to unit \ ( i\ , \ ) \( z_i\ , \ ) represents the difference in energy depending on whether that unit is off or on , and the fact that unit \ ( i\ ) occasionally turns on even if \ ( z_i\ ) is negative means that the energy can occasionally increase during the search , thus allowing the search to jump over energy barriers .
The search can be improved by using simulated annealing .
This scales down all of the weights and energies by a factor , \ ( T\ , \ ) which is analogous to the temperature of a physical system .
By reducing T from a large initial value to a small final value , it is possible to benefit from the fast equilibration at high temperatures and still have a final equilibrium distribution that makes low - cost solutions much more probable than high - cost ones .
At a temperature of \ ( 0\ ) the update rule becomes deterministic and a Boltzmann machine turns into a Hopfield Network
Learning in Boltzmann machines
Learning without hidden units
Given a training set of state vectors ( the data ) , learning consists of finding weights and biases ( the parameters ) that make those state vectors good .
More specifically , the aim is to find weights and biases that define a Boltzmann distribution in which the training vectors have high probability .
By differentiating Eq. ( 3 ) and using the fact that \( \partial E( \mathbf{v} ) / \partial w_{ij} = - s_i^\mathbf{v}s_j^\mathbf{v}\ ) it can be shown that \[ \tag{5} \bigg\langle \ frac{ \partial \log P ( \mathbf{v} ) }{\partial w_{ij}} \bigg\rangle_\mathrm{data} = \langle s_i s_j \rangle_ \mathrm{data} - \langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm{model} \]
where \( \langle \cdot \rangle_\mathrm{data}\ ) is an expected value in the data distribution and \( \langle \cdot \rangle_\mathrm{model}\ ) is an expected value when the Boltzmann machine is sampling state vectors from its equilibrium distribution at a temperature of 1 .
To perform gradient ascent in the log probability that the Boltzmann machine would generate the observed data when sampling from its equilibrium distribution , \( w_{ij}\ ) is incremented by a small learning rate times the RHS of Eq. ( 5 ) .
The learning rule for the bias , \( b_i\ , \ ) is the same as Eq. ( 5 ) , but with \( s_j\ ) ommitted .
If the observed data specifies a binary state for every unit in the Boltzmann machine , the learning problem is convex :
There are no non-global optima in the parameter space .
However , sampling from \( \langle \cdot \rangle_\mathrm{model}\ ) may involve overcoming energy barriers in the binary state space .
Learning with hidden units
Learning becomes much more interesting if the Boltzmann machine consists of some " visible " units , whose states can be observed , and some " hidden " units whose states are not specified by the observed data .
The hidden units act as latent variables ( features ) that allow the Boltzmann machine to model distributions over visible state vectors that cannot be modelled by direct pairwise interactions between the visible units .
A surprising property of Boltzmann machines is that , even with hidden units , the learning rule remains unchanged .
This makes it possible to learn binary features that capture higher - order structure in the data .
With hidden units , the expectation \( \langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm{data}\ ) is the average , over all data vectors , of the expected value of \( s_i s_j\ ) when a data vector is clamped on the visible units and the hidden units are repeatedly updated until they reach equilibrium with the clamped data vector .
It is surprising that the learning rule is so simple because \( \partial \log P ( \mathbf{v} ) / \partial w_{ij}\ ) depends on all the other weights in the network .
Fortunately , the locally available difference in the two correlations in Eq. ( 5 ) tells \ ( w_{ij}\ ) everything it needs to know about the other weights .
This makes it unnecessary to explicitly propagate error derivatives , as in the backpropagation algorithm .
Different types of Boltzmann machine
Higher - order Boltzmann machines
The stochastic dynamics and the learning rule can accommodate more complicated energy functions ( Sejnowski , 1986 ) .
For example , the quadratic energy function in Eq. ( 4 ) can be replaced by an energy function whose typical term is \( s_i s_j s_k w_{ijk} \ .\)
The total input to unit \ ( i\ ) that is used in the update rule must then be replaced by \( z_i = b_i + \ sum_{j < k} s_j s_k w_{ijk} \ .\)
The only change in the learning rule is that \( s_i s_j\ ) is replaced by \( s_i s_j s_k\ .\)
Conditional Boltzmann machines
Boltzmann machines model the distribution of the data vectors , but there is a simple extension for modeling conditional distributions ( Ackley et. al. , 1985 ) .
The only difference between the visible and the hidden units is that , when sampling \( \langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm{data}\ , \ ) the visible units are clamped and the hidden units are not .
If a subset of the visible units are also clamped when sampling \( \langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm {model} \) this subset acts as " input " units and the remaining visible units act as " output " units .
The same learning rule applies , but now it maximizes the log probabilities of the observed output vectors conditional on the input vectors .
Mean field Boltzmann machines
Instead of using units that have stochastic binary states , it is possible to use " mean field " units that have deterministic , real - valued states between 0 and 1 , as in an analog Hopfield net .
Eq. ( 2 ) is used to compute an " ideal " value for a unit 's state given the current states of the other units and the actual value is moved towards the ideal value by some fraction of the difference .
If this fraction is small , all the units can be updated in parallel .
The same learning rules can be used by simply replacing the stochastic , binary values by the deterministic real - values ( Petersen and Andersen , 1987 ) , but the learning algorithm is hard to justify and mean field nets have problems modeling multi-modal distributions .
Non-binary units
The binary stochastic units used in Boltzmann machines can be generalized to " softmax " units that have more than 2 discrete values , Gaussian units whose output is simply their total input plus Gaussian noise , binomial units , Poisson units , and any other type of unit that falls in the exponential family ( Welling et. al. , 2005 ) .
This family is characterized by the fact that the adjustable parameters have linear effects on the log probabilities .
The general form of the gradient required for learning is simply the change in the sufficient statistics caused by clamping data on the visible units .
The speed of learning
Learning is typically very slow in Boltzmann machines with many hidden layers because large networks can take a long time to approach their equilibrium distribution , especially when the weights are large and the equilibrium distribution is highly multimodal , as it usually is when the visible units are unclamped .
Even if samples from the equilibrium distribution can be obtained , the learning signal is very noisy because it is the difference of two sampled expectations .
These difficulties can be overcome by restricting the connectivity , simplifying the learning algorithm , and learning one hidden layer at a time .
Restricted Boltzmann machines
A restricted Boltzmann machine ( Smolensky , 1986 ) consists of a layer of visible units and a layer of hidden units with no visible - visible or hidden - hidden connections .
With these restrictions , the hidden units are conditionally independent given a visible vector , so unbiased samples from \( \ langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm{data}\ ) can be obtained in one parallel step .
To sample from \( \langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm{model}\ ) still requires multiple iterations that alternate between updating all the hidden units in parallel and updating all of the visible units in parallel .
However , learning still works well if \( \langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm{model}\ ) is replaced by \( \langle s_i s_j \rangle_\mathrm{reconstruction}\ ) which is obtained as follows :
Starting with a data vector on the visible units , update all of the hidden units in parallel .
Update all of the visible units in parallel to get a " reconstruction " .
Update all of the hidden units again .
This efficient learning procedure does approximate gradient descent in a quantity called " contrastive divergence " and works well in practice ( Hinton , 2002 ) .
Learning deep networks by composing restricted Boltzmann machines
After learning one hidden layer , the activity vectors of the hidden units , when they are being driven by the real data , can be treated as " data " for training another restricted Boltzmann machine .
This can be repeated to learn as many hidden layers as desired .
After learning multiple hidden layers in this way , the whole network can be viewed as a single , multilayer generative model and each additional hidden layer improves a lower bound on the probability that the multilayer model would generate the training data ( Hinton et. al. , 2006 ) .
Learning one hidden layer at a time is a very effective way to learn deep neural networks with many hidden layers and millions of weights .
Even though the learning is unsupervised , the highest level features are typically much more useful for classification than the raw data vectors .
These deep networks can be fine - tuned to be better at classification or dimensionality reduction using the backpropagation algorithm ( Hinton & Salakhutdinov , 2006 ) .
Alternatively , they can be fine - tuned to be better generative models using a version of the " wake - sleep " algorithm ( Hinton et. al. , 2006 ) .
Relationships to other models
Markov random fields and Ising models
Boltzmann machines are a type of Markov random field , but most Markov random fields have simple , local interaction weights which are designed by hand rather than being learned .
Boltzmann machines are Ising models , but Ising models typically use random or hand - designed interaction weights .
Graphical models
The learning algorithm for Boltzmann machines was the first learning algorithm for undirected graphical models with hidden variables ( Jordan 1998 ) .
When restricted Boltzmann machines are composed to learn a deep network , the top two layers of the resulting graphical model form an unrestricted Boltzmann machine , but the lower layers form a directed acyclic graph with directed connections from higher layers to lower layers ( Hinton et. al. 2006 ) .
Gibbs sampling
The search procedure for Boltzmann machines is an early example of Gibbs sampling , a Markov chain Monte Carlo method which was invented independently ( Geman & Geman , 1984 ) and was also inspired by simulated annealing .
Conditional random fields ( Lafferty et. al. , 2001 ) can be viewed as simplified versions of higher - order , conditional Boltzmann machines in which the hidden units have been eliminated .
This makes the learning problem convex , but removes the ability to learn new features .
References
Ackley , D. , Hinton , G. , and Sejnowski , T. ( 1985 ) .
A Learning Algorithm for Boltzmann Machines .
Cognitive Science , 9(1):147-169 .
Geman , S. and Geman , D. ( 1984 ) .
Stochastic relaxation , Gibbs distributions , and the Bayesian restoration of images .
IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence , 6(6):721-741 .
Hinton , G. E. ( 2002 ) .
Training products of experts by minimizing contrastive divergence .
Neural Computation , 14(8) :1711-1800 .
Hinton , G. E , Osindero , S. , and Teh , Y. W. ( 2006 ) .
A fast learning algorithm for deep belief nets .
Neural Computation , 18:1527-1554 .
Hinton , G. E. and Salakhutdinov , R. R. ( 2006 ) .
Reducing the dimensionality of data with neural networks .
Science , 313:504-507 .
Hinton , G. E. and Sejnowski , T. J. ( 1983 ) .
Optimal Perceptual Inference .
Proceedings of the IEEE conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition , Washington DC , pp. 448-453 .
Jordan , M. I. ( 1998 ) Learning in Graphical Models , MIT press , Cambridge Mass .
Lafferty , J. and McCallum , A. and Pereira , F. ( 2001 ) Conditional random fields : Probabilistic models for segmenting and labeling sequence data .
Proc. 18th International Conf. on Machine Learning , pages 282-289 Morgan Kaufmann , San Francisco , CA
Peterson , C. and Anderson , J.R. ( 1987 ) , A mean field theory learning algorithm for neural networks .
Complex Systems , 1(5):995--1019 .
Sejnowski , T. J. ( 1986 ) .
Higher - order Boltzmann machines .
AIP Conference Proceedings , 151(1):398-403 .
Smolensky , P. ( 1986 ) .
Information processing in dynamical systems : Foundations of harmony theory .
In Rumelhart , D. E. and McClelland , J. L. , editors , Parallel Distributed Processing : Volume 1 : Foundations , pages 194- 281 .
MIT Press , Cambridge , MA .
Welling , M. , Rosen - Zvi , M. , and Hinton , G. E. ( 2005 ) .
Exponential family harmoniums with an application to information retrieval .
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 17 , pages 1481 - 1488 .
MIT Press , Cambridge , MA .
Internal references
See also
Associative Memory , Boltzmann Distribution , Hopfield Network , Neural Networks , Simulated Annealing , Unsupervised Learning
Windows 7 arrived two weeks ago and so far it 's selling quite well .
With Mac OS X 10.6 becoming available less than three months ago , and Ubuntu 9.10 arriving last week , we feel it's a good time to start watching the market share for operating systems , in addition to our monthly posts on browser market share .
At this point in time , Windows continues to dominate with more than 90 percent of the market , Mac OS is above the five percent mark , and Linux is just under one percent .
In October , Windows was the only operating system not to show positive growth .
Between October and September , Windows dropped 0.25 percentage points ( from 92.77 percent to 92.52 percent ) , Mac OS climbed up a sizeable 0.15 percentage points ( from 5.12 percent to 5.27 percent ) , and Linux edged forward 0.01 percentage points ( from 0.95 percent to 0.96 percent ) .
Windows ' drop is worth noting given that it occurred in the month that Windows 7 was released , but November may show something different given that it will be a full month of sales of the operating system .
Still , Windows 7 did quite well ; it managed to pass Linux , Snow Leopard , and even both of their shares combined ( 2.13 percent versus Windows 7's 2.15 percent ) :
Source : Net Applications
You can see the market share pie for October 2009 , according to Net Applications , at the top of this post .
The graph just above shows how things at Ars are different , but not as significantly as when it comes to the browser market : our Mac OS share is five times greater than in the rest of the world , almost six if you count the mobile space as well .
Linux also commands six times more of the market .
Despite this , more than half of our users are on Windows .
The release of Windows 7 , Snow Leopard , and Karmic Koala should keep things very interesting well into next year .
One issue I 've run into a couple times while working with Django is the need to serve files to users based on permissions .
The first situation occurred with a store we were building that would allow for electronic versions of books to be sold .
These books would typically be distributed in PDF format but overall to the story , the format is irrelevant .
In this scenario I needed to be able to take the ID of a book and return a PDF download to the user .
However , I only wanted to do this if the user passed proper authentication and had ordered the book .
The problem is that Django does n't serve static media , that falls on the shoulders of your particular web server ( Apache , Nginx , etc ) .
The only issue with that is that my web server does n't know if the user is authenticated or not .
There is a ticket open on this current issue , which will hopefully lead us to a method of properly delivering permission shielded files to our users .
Until that occurs there is another way , but I warn you methods will differ based on your web server of choice .
Also , knowing a bit about web server configuration is handy .
First we have nginx .
To start , you 're going to need the following setup in your nginx configuration file for the site in question :
location / protected / { internal ; alias / PATH / TO / FILES ; }
The first line lets nginx know that any requests for " / protected / " need to be handled by this directive .
We then instruct that this is for internal requests only so that external users can't make requests for books .
Finally , the alias will point to the path where nginx can expect to find the requested files .
You can , of course , change " / protected / " to whatever suits you best .
After that 's done , we have to work some magic in our views :
if can_view is False : return HttpResponseNotFound ( ) else : response = HttpResponse ( ) response [ ' Content - Type ' ] = " " response [ ' X - Accel - Redirect ' ] = file.get_absolute_url ( ) return response
The ' can_view ' is a variable I 'm using to make sure the user is allowed access to this file .
If not we just tell them it does n't exist , but you can return a 403 just as easily if you prefer .
The more important aspect is what we 're doing with the response .
We start with a standard response object and then nullify the Content - Type section .
We 'll let nginx decide the content type for us .
Then we have an ' X - Accel - Redirect ' , which lets nginx know that it can serve a file back to the user with this internal request .
Then we return the response and the user receives a file ( I recommend viewing this Snippet as well ) .
Unfortunately , Apache is n't quite as friendly .
First you 'll need to install a new module into Apache called mod_xsendfile .
In Linux , as root , you can install with the following :
cd /usr / local / src/ wget http://tn123.ath.cx/mod_xsendfile/mod_xsendfile-0.9.tar.gz tar zxvf mod_xsendfile-0.9.tar.gz cd mod_xsendfile -0.9 apxs - cia mod_xsendfile.c
That will handle the installation .
Now we need to configure Apache to play nice as well .
In my second situation I 'm dealing with files that have been uploaded by users and will be downloaded by other users , assuming authentication checks out .
The problem is that , by default , uploads will go to your MEDIA_ROOT followed by your ' upload_to ' path .
Hence if you had an alias such as :
alias / PATH /TO / MEDIA_ROOT
Then users could still access these protected files .
I circumvented this issue with the following :
< Directory / PATH/TO / MEDIA_ROOT /ATTACHMENTS/>
Deny from all </ Directory >
This way , files from that location can only be served if Django says it 's okay .
If someone otherwise tries to access the protected files , they get served a 403 instead .
Finally , you 'll need to add the next two lines to your configuration as well for mod_xsendfile :
XSend File on XSendFileAllowAbove on
Now that we have Apache setup , how about that view :
if can_view is False : return HttpResponseNotFound ( ) else : response = HttpResponse ( ) response [ ' X - Sendfile ' ] = os.path.join ( settings.MEDIA_ROOT , file.file.path ) content_type , encoding = mimetypes.guess_type( file.file.read( ) ) if not content_type : content_type = ' application/octet - stream ' response [ ' Content - Type ' ] = content_type response [ ' Content - Length ' ] = file.file.size response [ ' Content - Disposition ' ] = ' attachment ; filename= " %s " ' % \ file.file.name return response
This works basically like the nginx method does .
We have our blank response for starters , and then we fill out the necessary sections .
You will want to import ' os ' and ' mimetypes ' for this as well .
For starters , we set the ' X - Sendfile ' header which is used by mod_xsendfile .
We want to pass to it the path to the file .
Then we try to guess the content and encoding types using mimetypes.guess_type .
Here you just want to pass a string or buffer , that 's why I 'm passing the contents of the file 's read ( ) function there .
If it 's blan , we 'll assume an octet - stream .
Content length is easy to determine from the file as well .
The last item , Content - Disposition , is n't immediately obvious , but we want to declare this item as an attachment .
Then we want to inform the user 's browser of the filename as well .
Finally , we return the response , and the user downloads their file .
My big problem with all of this is that it 's not web server agnostic .
That means that for every site I set up , I have to replicate this behaviour depending on the web server in use .
For the time being I 've worked around this with a cheap hack that involves using a django .
conf.settings variable that tells the application which server type is being used .
Then I can wrap the above two blocks of code in an if / elif statement .
It 's not exceptionally pretty , but it does seem to work .
Afterall , it 'll have to do until # 2131 is merged into the trunk .
Even then , it wo n't see the light of day until Django 1.2 .
From a rock formation near Grand Junction , Colo. , comes a tale of a dainty dinosaur .
Meet Fruitadens haagarorum , though it might as well be called Fifi .
It 's roughly the length of a toy poodle and a fraction of its weight .
It 's the smallest dinosaur ever found in North America , according to an international team of scientists formally describing the creature this week .
It stretches some 29 inches from beak to tail .
In its day , it would have weighed in at just under two pounds .
The fossil remains of six of these animals have been languishing in storage at L.A. 's Museum of Natural History since they were unearthed between 1979 and the early 1980s .
The creatures represent the latest examples of a broader group of prehistoric animals that are proving to be far more diverse than many people realized .
Fruitadens is the smallest known member of a group of dinosaurs known as ornithischia – bird - hipped dinosaurs that include behemoths such as Stegosaurus or Triceratops .
For the most part , this group has been tagged as " plants eaters . "
From what scientists can tell from the 150 million - year - old fossil 's teeth , however , Fruitadens was n't picky .
It ate whatever it could find – veggies or meat .
For a long time , people divided dinosaurs into the meat - eaters and plant - eaters , observes Luis Chiappe , who heads the Dinosaur Institute at the Natural History Museum in Los Angeles and is a member of the team reporting the find .
" Now we 're finding that the division is not so clear cut . "
Fruitadens , he says , is a good example of a " plant eater " that ate bugs or small reptiles , as well as plants .
This ability to thrive on a range of foods may account for its longevity .
The dinosaur 's 100 - million - year - long presence in the fossil record means " it 's a very long - lived group , " says Dr. Chiappe .
The incredible shrinking dino
Fruitadens ' size is intriguing , because it bucks a general trend toward ever - larger bodies as dinosaurs evolved , explains Thomas Holtz Jr. , a paleontologist at the University of Maryland in College Park .
When dinosaurs split into two major groups – the bird - hipped and the lizard - hipped – from a common ancestor , they were only about three to five feet long .
Some bird - hipped ornithischia grew to sizable proportions – more than 50 feet long .
But one subgroup , Heterodontosaurs , the family that Fruitadens belongs to , remained smaller than most .
Fruitadens started out small and shrank with evolutionary time .
The pattern of starting at a length of 3 to 5 feet and getting bigger is a common trend among dinosaurs , says Dr. Holtz .
But getting smaller from that starting point " seems to be pretty rare . "
Why did Fruitadens take the path to puny ?
Evolutionary pressures from predators could have prompted the creature to adopt the rabbit 's approach : stay small , stay fleet , and hide – something that would have been tougher for Fruitadens ' distant cousins , duck - billed plant - munchers that could grow up to 40 feet long .
Tree climbers ?
Holtz offers up another intriguing possibility : Fruitadens may have been able to climb trees to avoid being eaten .
He notes that as therapods – members of the lizard - hip gang – evolved into modern birds , the need to hunker down in trees , or glide from one to another on early forms of wings , favored smaller sizes .
As for Fruitadens , " there 's nothing to keep these guys out of trees .
After all , even goats can climb trees , " he says .
" These guys are built better for tree climbing than any goat ever was .
So these could have been tree - dwelling , bird - hipped dinosaurs . "
While even smaller dinosaurs have cropped up among the lizard - hipped group , Fruitadens may be reaching the lower limits for ornithischia .
It takes a sizable gut to digest plant material , explains Donald Henderson , curator of dinosaurs at the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller , Alberta , and a member of the research team reporting its results in the current issue of the Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
And it 's not clear one can get much smaller than Fruitadens and still keep roughage in the diet .
---
Follow us on Twitter .
La Asociación Mexicana de Instituciones de Seguros ( AMIS ) informó que al cierre del tercer trimestre del año se registró un crecimiento de 14.8 % en este delito
[ email protected ]
El robo de autos a nivel nacional sigue en ascenso .
La Asociación Mexicana de Instituciones de Seguros ( AMIS ) informó que al cierre del tercer trimestre del año se registró un crecimiento de 14.8 % en este delito , con 65 mil 792 unidades aseguradas desaparecidas .
Por primera vez , el Distrito Federal reportó una caída de 1.4 % , con 15 mil 813 autos durante 2009 contra 16 mil 45 que se contabilizaron en el mismo periodo de 2008 .
Sin embargo , el estado de México y Jalisco registraron 17.9 % y 15.5 % , respectivamente .
El organismo del sector privado puntualizó que entre los 10 estados con el mayor número de vehículos robados destacan Morelos , con un incremento respecto a 2008 de 69.8 % ; Sinaloa , con 59.8 % ; Chihuahua , con 57.4 % , y Nuevo León , con 31.4 % .
El robo con violencia se observó con mayor frecuencia en el estado de México con 50 % , seguido por el Distrito Federal con 46 % , Sinaloa con 44 % , y Puebla y Morelos con 39 % .
En el caso de las delegaciones en el Distrito Federal , la violencia de este ilícito fue mayor en las siguientes demarcaciones políticas Magdalena Contreras , con 52.9 % ; Azcapotzalco , con 51.7 % ; y Gustavo A. Madero , Iztapalapa , Iztacalco , Tlalpan y Venustiano Carranza con 48 % .
Las marcas favoritas de la delincuencia organizada son Tsuru , con 9 mil 526 coches desaparecidos ; las camionetas Nissan con 3 mil 533 ; las camionetas Ford con mil 781 ; los vehículos Sentra con mil 625 ; camionetas Chevrolet con mil 492 ; Jetta con mil 320 ; Bora con 927 ; Honda 125 con 808 ; Pointer 632 ; VW Sedán con 610 , Chevrolet Silverado con 591 , Honda Civic con 503 y Platina con 483 .
La AMIS detalló que , del total de vehículos hurtados , 25 mil 739 se recuperaron , lo que significa un aumento de 12 % frente a 2008 , por lo que siguen sin aparecer 40 mil coches .
El organismo destacó que se mantiene una disminución en la contratación de seguros para autos .
Lo anterior se explica a que la producción y venta de vehículos nuevos se mantiene a la baja .
With election day upon the world 's greatest democracy , US voters are bitterly divided , ill - informed and bombarded with dumbed - down , partisan messaging from all sides .
At at time the country is mired in the worst economic period in a generation - and just when we need to be pulling together to correct mistakes made against our own children - the # 1 and # 2 voices in broadcasting are the worst offenders in a political talk schism that has taken us straight into " accepted " mass public deception .
Driving home each day , I tune in to Sean Hannity , a man who dishonors his 5th grade English teacher by intentionally and amorally omitting readily available counterbalance to his arguments on the most important national issues .
By broadcasting propaganda over public airwaves Sean Hannity is thumbing his nose at every American teacher , educator or parent who believes in fair play and wants the best examples for our children .
We all know what 's at stake - huge ratings , enormous advertising accounts - and no less than political control of the nation .
So we see the seductive motives to " win at all costs " for Hannity .
But let 's go back to something Hannity 's elementary school teachers were also supposed to teach young Sean - morality and contributing to the public good .
As an influential radio and TV titan , Sean Hannity has little legal responsibility to include opposing perspectives in his reports .
All Americans have well - protected free speech , allowing Sean Hannity to pick and choose his guests , callers and sources to best make his case .
This is because an outmoded law enforcing " equal time " over public airwaves was struck down by Hannity 's personal hero Ronald Reagan in 1987 .
The Fairness Doctrine was rightly eradicated - the government should not serve as judge over it 's critics in media - but the neocons threw the baby out with the bathwater - we lost a self - policing ethics provision carried over from the Smith - Mundt Act of 1948 , outlawing intentional deception within US borders .
The original Fairness Doctrine of 1949 designated station owners who get FCC licenses as " public trustees " , responsible to make " every reasonable attempt to cover contrasting points of view " .
Hannity laughs at this today , making a blatant effort to suppress half the story .
Rush Limbaugh was already famous for flying in the face of journalistic balance before anyone had heard of Hannity .
Limbaugh 's show has been for decades an ivory tower of cowardice , with no informed , articulate , educated dissent allowed through on caller lines .
Though your children 's first essay writing lessons might ask them to consider all sides of an issue before forming opinions and sharing out , our wealthiest commercial radio icons intentionally bury information that guts their arguments .
Sean Hannity is terrified at the prospect of confronting informed , articulate opposition politicians , candidates or pundits like Amy Goodman , Katrina vanden Heuval , Naomi Wolf , Naomi Klein , Liz Holtzman or Jane Hamsher ( for just a few examples ) .
By contrast , Rachel Maddow does debate opposing viewpoints on air and actually documents her many declined requests to interview right wing politicians .
Just see how fascinating it is to see Maddow interview someone like Tom Ridge and hear intelligent , civil discussion between equals .
As a father of two daughters , I often wonder what Hannity wishes for his own children .
He seems to be a nice dad , picking up tennis balls for them each weekend .
But does he want them to know the full , sometimes complex history of the United States , or does he wish his kids to remain in the dark like Hannity 's listeners who wo n't ever see Sean take on the best of the left ?
Will they be ashamed to find Sean buries basic coverage of GOP scandals , omits full - context quotes , corrections or informed rebuttals .
Just last week , Hannity 's call screener rejected my call and hung up on me when I did n't match the profile she was looking for - inarticulate Obama supporters .
When we teach children how to critically think and communicate with others , we stress diligent research and balance in presentation .
It 's our duty as Americans to be intellectually honest when we share information .
But Hannity has raised to an art form the practice of deception by omission , distraction , fancy footwork or just hanging up on callers and using the delay button to censor them .
Take any issue as an example of Hannity 's deception by omission and complete , utter hypocrisy - the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the economy , the health care debate , Obama 's past ties , torture , election integrity or the large national debt .
Instead of finding the most informed guests on either side of the debate , Hannity stacks the deck repeatedly and intentionally .
To debate the war , it makes sense to pick one pro-war and one anti-war guest and allow Americans ( including youngsters ) the benefit of hearing the smartest arguments on both sides .
But this is commercial , for - profit radio sponsored by right wing political organizations like the Heritage Foundation .
Most relevant evidence questioning the legality of the war is buried completely - including White House insiders who flipped .
So Hannity will not allow on anti-war guests of the caliber of Howard Zinn , David Swanson , Arianna Huffington or Lt. Ehren Watada who have all the research at their disposal .
Nor will Hannity cover the revelations made by former State Department chief of staff Lt. Col.
Lawrence Wilkerson , former CIA Director George Tenet , or former White House press secretary Scott McClellan revealing the Bush Administration knew that the need to invade Iraq was exaggerated and the war was " sold " to the public with Cheney , Rumsfeld and others emphatically citing on TV that WMD had been found when they clearly had not .
Hannity conveniently skips over all of this .
With these hard facts hidden from Fox viewers and talk radio listeners , can the public really make up it 's mind on the war ?
When a caller slips through Hannity 's screeners and challenges Sean on the legality of the Iraq war , is it a thorough enough treatment of the issue for Hannity to simply say " the winds of freedom will blow through Iraq ? " .
Is this the best broadcaster America has to offer a public in need of crucial information ?
But The Left Does It Too !
The argument that left - wing hosts censor the right is a form of false equivalency that is a large part of the neocon playbook .
The casual observer might agree that neither side seems to enjoin the other on air .
But left wing hosts like Maddow , Olbermann , Thom Hartmann , Ed Schultz or Ron Reagan would give their eyeteeth to have a major Conservative guest on their show - it would likely make headlines , in fact .
The right wingers , on the other hand - Hannity , Limbaugh , Laura Ingraham , Bill O'Reilly , Neil Boortz do the opposite - refusing to allow the left any daylight on their ideologically - insulated shows .
Their excuse ?
Hannity 's WABC colleague Mark Simone says they wo n't allow a ' competitor ' on , meaning money or ratings trump the public 's need for crucial facts .
To save face , Hannity feigns balance , allowing inarticulate average folks on to represent the counter balance .
Hannity is not doing his level best to present both sides and explore important issues and this is hurting our country 's ability to make good decisions .
Hannity 's passion and personal Conservative values are blinding him to responsible broadcasting and his management has no ethics ombudsman in sight .
Maddow 's approach is vastly different , tackling Conservative talking points head on by showing evidence or reasoning that confronts it while including it in the conversation .
Hannity 's tactic is to only present one side which as an American parent is unacceptable .
Hannity claims his is an " opinion " show , yet he presents all the facts that support his views .
Should he provide contrasting facts if and when they exist ?
Of course .
Using the economy as another example , Hannity maintains our current crisis was caused by liberal laws like the Community Redevelopment
Act forcing lenders to grant unqualified ( yes , minority ) borrowers mortgages .
When they defaulted , the whole economy came crashing down .
Hannity sticks to this , though it 's been debunked - the CRA contributed to our current crisis far , far less than the credit default swap madness caused by massive deregulation and no oversight .
Hannity 's financial " experts " represent a single , deceitful narrative that paints banks as victims and the government as the bad guy ( even though his boy Bush ran the government ? ) .
Hannity 's fix for our the crisis ?
He actually says we should revert back to tax cuts for the rich , creating jobs through a " servant class " .
Hannity would personally benefit by hundreds of thousands in income tax savings if the Bush tax cuts were extended again .
This provides a plausible motive for why he would deceive his listeners , but it 's easy to see the economy imploded before Obama was elected .
It happened after Bush and the corporatist Congress enacted trickle - down economics , deregulation and corporate giveaways and their unmitigated greed cost the US countless jobs when they took on irresponsible risk .
Sheer Hannipocrisy
As fast as Hannity tries to shift blame for the economy onto Obama and the Democrats , it was actually Reagan and the Bushes who signed off on over 75 % of the national deficit before Obama took office .
There 's no other way to put it - Hannity is trying to fool you and your children by criticizing Obama for the same stimulus packages and corporate bailouts Bush used to cripple the economy .
This hypocrisy damages his message - are bailouts always wrong , is running a deficit always wrong ?
To cry about the deficit after the Bush administration bled red ink for so long is laughable Hannipocrisy .
When asked by a caller on air , Hannity shrugged off Bush 's part in runaway spending with one sentence - it was necessary to keep us safe .
Forget the fraud and waste that would have been spotted by basic Congressional oversight , but the near trillion spent so far on wars of choice included no - bid , cost - plus contracts that by nature are set up to waste US tax dollars .
During World War II , the Truman Commission ensured " no one would get rich off this war " , limiting profit margins and scrutinizing contracts so the war budget would not drag down the US economy .
Under Bush , the wars were used specifically to stove - pipe money up to the richest 1 % , while paying soldiers less than the contractors washing socks or running Pizza Hut kiosks in the Green Zone .
Hannity was not only onboard for this , he was the commercial spokesman for it in ways that may have run afoul of broadcasting statutes .
If there was to be an investigation into who coordinated the " selling of the war " for Bush , Cheney and Rumsfeld - it might start with the claims that Karl Rove was supplying " friendly " talk show personalities with talking points out of the White House Office of Strategic Initiatives , blurring the line between pro-war government messaging and " independent " commercial broadcasts .
As a frequent guest on Hannity 's shows today , Rove surely treasures Hannity 's long , loyal friendship .
But are our children learning properly , going back and forth like this ?
What ever happened to open debate ?
Who is demanding a level of voluntary balance in broadcasting so our people are n't being misled or brainwashed , rather they are given enough information to make informed decisions themselves - particularly our children .
ONE nation ’s thirst for groundwater is having an impact on global sea levels .
Satellite measurements show that northern India is sucking some 54 trillion litres of water out of the ground every year .
This is threatening a major water crisis and adding to global sea level rise .
Virendra Tiwari from the National Geophysical Research Institute in Hyderabad , India , and colleagues used gravity data from the GRACE satellite to monitor the loss of continental mass around the world since 2002 .
Regions where water is being removed from the ground have less mass and therefore exert a smaller gravitational pull on the …
By Mark Duff
BBC News , Milan
Party host Colonel Gaddafi extolled the virtues of Islam
A group of party girls got more than they bargained for when they were recruited to attend a posh do in Rome on Sunday night .
Instead of canapés and cocktails , the 200 young women found themselves being encouraged to become Muslims .
It turned out the host was Libya 's leader , Col Muammar Gaddafi , in town for the UN food summit .
He spoke of the wonders of Islam and assured his guests it was not anti-women , as some critics argue .
The selection process had been rigorous ; the identity of the host , a mystery .
The girls had to be beautiful , between 18 and 35 - and at least 1.70 m tall .
The dress code was strict : plunging necklines and short miniskirts were most definitely out .
Two - hundred women passed muster and were bussed to a plush residential corner of the Italian capital .
Security scanned and shown into an imposing reception room , they were then left waiting , as several complained , without so much as a glass of water .
An hour later , their host 's identity was finally revealed .
Col Gaddafi proceeded to preach the benefits of Islam , taking particular pains to assure his guests that it was not misogynistic , and encouraging them to convert .
Two hours later , the women left , looking a touch bemused , 50 euros ( $ 75 ; £ 45 ) better off and clutching a copy of the Koran .
There is a great deal of excitement among climate sceptics over Steve McIntyre 's recent posting on Yamal .
Several people have asked me to do a layman 's guide to the story in the manner of Caspar and the Jesus paper .
Here it is .
The story of Michael Mann 's Hockey Stick reconstruction , its statistical bias and the influence of the bristlecone pines is well known .
McIntyre 's research into the other reconstructions has received less publicity , however .
The story of the Yamal chronology may change that .
The bristlecone pines that created the shape of the Hockey Stick graph are used in nearly every millennial temperature reconstruction around today , but there are also a handful of other tree ring series that are nearly as common and just as influential on the results .
Back at the start of McIntyre 's research into the area of paleoclimate , one of the most significant of these was called Polar Urals , a chronology first published by Keith Briffa of the Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia .
At the time , it was used in pretty much every temperature reconstruction around .
In his paper , Briffa made the startling claim that the coldest year of the millennium was AD 1032 , a statement that , if true , would have completely overturned the idea of the Medieval Warm Period .
It is not hard to see why paleoclimatologists found the series so alluring .
Keith BriffaSome of McIntyre 's research into Polar Urals deserves a story in its own right , but it is one that will have to wait for another day .
We can pick up the narrative again in 2005 , when McIntyre discovered that an update to the Polar Urals series had been collected in 1999 .
Through a contact he was able to obtain a copy of the revised series .
Remarkably , in the update the eleventh century appeared to be much warmer than in the original - in fact it was higher even than the twentieth century .
This must have been a severe blow to paleoclimatologists , a supposition that is borne out by what happened next , or rather what did n't : the update to the Polar Urals was not published , it was not archived and it was almost never seen again .
With Polar Urals now unusable , paleclimatologists had a pressing need for a hockey stick shaped replacement and a solution appeared in the nick of time in the shape of a series from the nearby location of Yamal .
The Yamal data had been collected by a pair of Russian scientists , Hantemirov and Shiyatov , and was published in 2002 .
In their version of the data , Yamal had little by way of a twentieth century trend .
Strangely though , Briffa 's version , which had made it into print before even the Russians ' , was somewhat different .
While it was very similar to the Russians ' version for most of the length of the record , Briffa 's verison had a sharp uptick at the end of the twentieth century -- another hockey stick , made almost to order to meet the requirements of the paleoclimate community .
Certainly , after its first appearance in Briffa 's 2000 paper in Quaternary Science Reviews , this version of Yamal was seized upon by climatologists , appearing again and again in temperature reconstructions ; it became virtually ubiquitous in the field : apart from Briffa 2000 , it also contributed to the reconstructions in Mann and Jones 2003 , Jones and Mann 2004 , Moberg et al 2005 , D'Arrigo et al 2006 , Osborn and Briffa 2006 and Hegerl et al 2007 , among others .
When McIntyre started to look at the Osborn and Briffa paper in 2006 , he quickly ran into the problem of the Yamal chronology : he needed to understand exactly how the difference between the Briffa and Hantemirov versions of Yamal had arisen .
McIntyre therefore wrote to the Englishman asking for the original tree ring measurements involved .
When Briffa refused , McIntyre wrote to Science , who had published the new paper , pointing out that , since it was now six years since Briffa had originally published his version of the chronology , there could be no reason for withholding the underlying data .
After some deliberation , the editors at Science declined the request , deciding that Briffa did not have to publish anything more as he had merely re-used data from an earlier study .
McIntyre should , they advised , approach the author of the earlier study , that author being , of course , Briffa himself .
Wearily , McIntyre wrote to Briffa again , this time in his capacity as author of the original study in Quaternary Science Reviews and he was , as expected , turned down flat .
That was how the the investigation of the Yamal series stood for the next two years until , in July 2008 , a new Briffa paper appeared in the pages of the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B , the Royal Society 's journal for the biological sciences .
The new paper discussed five Eurasian tree ring datasets , which , in fairly standard Hockey Team fashion , were unarchived and therefore not succeptible to detailed analysis .
Among these five were Yamal and the equally notorious Tornetrask chronology .
McIntyre observed that the only series with a strikingly anomolous twentieth century was Yamal .
It was frustratingly therefore that he had still not managed to obtain Briffa 's measurement data .
It appeared that he was going to hit another dead end .
However , in the comments to his article on the new paper , a possible way forward presented itself .
A reader pointed out that the Royal Society had what appeared to be a fairly clear and robust policy on data availability :
As a condition of acceptance authors agree to honour any reasonable request by other researchers for materials , methods , or data necessary to verify the conclusion of the article ... Supplementary data up to 10 Mb is placed on the Society 's website free of charge and is publicly accessible .
Large datasets must be deposited in a recognised public domain database by the author prior to submission .
The accession number should be provided for inclusion in the published article .
Having had his requests rejected by every other journal he had approached , McIntyre had no great expectations that the Royal Society would be any different , but there was no harm in trying and he duly sent off an email pointing out that Briffa had failed to meet the Society 's requirement of archiving his data prior to submission and that the editors had failed to check that Briffa had done so .
The reply , to McIntyre 's surprise , was very encouraging :
We take matters like this very seriously and I am sorry that this was not picked up in the publishing process .
Was the Royal Society , in a striking contrast to every other journal in the field , about to enforce its own data availability policy ?
Had Briffa made a fatal mistake ?
Summer gave way to autumn and as October drew to a close , McIntyre had still heard nothing from the Royal Society .
However , in response to some further enquiries , the journal sent McIntyre some more encouraging news -- Briffa would be producing most of his data , although not immediately .
Most of it would be available by the end of the year , with the remainder to follow in early 2009 .
The first batch of data appeared on schedule in the dying days of 2008 and it was something of a disappointment .
The Yamal data , as might have been expected , was to be archived with the second batch , so there would be a further delay before the real action could start .
Meanwhile , however , McIntyre could begin to look at what Briffa had done elsewhere .
It was not to be plain sailing .
For a start , Briffa had archived data in an obsolete data format , last used in the era of punch - cards .
This was inconvenient , and apparently deliberately so , but it was not an insurmountable problem -- with a little work , McIntyre was able to move ahead with his analysis .
Briffa had also thrown a rather larger spanner in the works though : while he had archived the tree ring measurements , he had not supplied any metadata to go with it -- in other words there was no information about where the measurements had come from .
All there was was a tree number and the measurements that went with it .
However , McIntyre was well used to this kind of behaviour from climatologists and he had some techniques at hand for filling in some of the gaps .
Climate Audit postings on the findings followed in fairly short order , some of which were quite intriguing .
There was , however , no smoking gun .
There followed a long hiatus , with no word from the Royal Society or from Briffa .
McIntyre would occasionally visit Briffa 's web page at the CRU website to see if anything new had appeared , but to no avail .
Eventually , though , Briffa 's hand was forced , and in late September 2009 , a reader pointed out to McIntyre that the remaining data was now available .
It had been quietly posted to Briffa 's webpage , without announcement or the courtesy of an email to Mcintyre .
It was nearly ten years since the initial publication of Yamal and three years since McIntyre had requested the measurement data from Briffa .
Now at last some of the questions could be answered .
When McIntyre started to look at the numbers it was clear that there were going to be the usual problems with a lack of metadata , but there was more than just this .
In typical climate science fashion , just scratching at the surface of the Briffa archive raised as many questions as it answered .
Why did Briffa only have half the number of cores covering the Medieval Warm Period that the Russian had reported ?
And why were there so few cores in Briffa 's twentieth century ?
By 1988 there were only 12 cores used , an amazingly small number in what should have been the part of the record when it was easiest to obtain data .
By 1990 the count was only ten , dropping still further to just five in 1995 .
Without an explanation of how the selection of this sample of the available data had been performed , the suspicion of `cherrypicking ' would linger over the study , although it is true to say that Hantemirov also had very few cores in the equivalent period , so it is possible that this selection had been due to the Russian and not Briffa .
The lack of twentieth century data was still more remarkable when the Yamal chronology was compared to the Polar Urals series , to which it was now apparently preferred .
The ten or twelve cores used in Yamal was around half the number available at Polar Urals , which should presumably therefore have been considered the more reliable .
Why then had climatologists almost all preferred to use Yamal ?
Could it be because it had a hockey stick shape ?
None of these questions was likely to be answered without an answer to the question of which trees came from which locations .
Hantemirov had made it clear in his paper that the data had been collected over a wide area - Yamal was an expanse of river valleys rather than a single location .
Knowing exactly which trees came from where might well throw some light onto the question of why Briffa 's reconstruction had a hockey stick shape but Hantemirov 's did n't .
As so often in McIntyre 's work , the clue that unlocked the mystery came from a rather unexpected source .
At the same time as archiving the Yamal data , Briffa had recorded the numbers for another site discussed in his Royal Society paper : Taimyr .
Taimyr had , like Yamal , also emerged in Briffa 's Quaternary Science Reviews paper in 2000 .
However , in the Royal Society paper , Briffa had made major changes , merging Taimyr with another site , Bol'shoi Avam , located no less than 400 kilometres away .
While the original Taimyr site had something of a divergence problem , with narrowing ring widths implying cooler temperatures , the new composite site of Avam - - Taimyr had a rather warmer twentieth century and a cooler Medieval Warm Period .
The effect of this curious blending of datasets was therefore , as so often with paleoclimate adjustments , to produce a warming trend .
This however , was not what was interesting McIntyre .
What was odd about Avam -- Taimyr was that the series seemed to have more tree cores recorded than had been reported in the two papers on which it was based .
So it looked as if something else had been merged in as well .
But what ?
With no metadata archived for Avam - Taimyr either , McIntyre had another puzzle to occupy him , but in fact the results were quick to emerge .
The Avam data was collected in 2003 , but Taimyr only had numbers going up to 1996 .
Similarly , the Taimyr trees were older , with dates going back to the ninth century .
It was therefore possible to make a tentative split of the data by dividing the cores into those finishing after 2000 and those finishing before .
This was a good first cut , but the approach assigned 107 cores to Avam , which was more than reported in the original paper .
This seemed to confirm the impression that there was something else in the dataset .
At the same time , McIntyre 's rough cut approach assigned 103 cores to Taimyr , a number which meant that there were still over 100 cores still unallocated .
The only way to resolve this conundrum was by a brute force technique of comparing the tree identification numbers in the dataset to tree ring data in the archives .
In this way , McIntyre was finally able to work out the provenance of at least some of the data .
Forty - two of the cores turned out to be from a location called Balschaya Kamenka , some 400 km from Taimyr .
The data had been collected by the Swiss researcher , Fritz Schweingruber .
The fact that the use of Schweingruber 's data had not been reported by Briffa was odd in itself , but what intrigued McIntyre was why Briffa had used Balschaya Kamenka and not any of the other Schweingruber sites in the area .
Several of these were much closer to Taimyr -- Aykali River was one example , and another , Novaja Rieja , was almost next door .
By this point then , McIntyre knew that Briffa 's version of Yamal was very short of twentieth century data , having used just a selection of the available cores , although the grounds on which this selection had been made was not clear .
It was also obvious that there was a great deal of alternative data available from the region , Briffa having been happy to supplement Taimyr with data from other locations such as Avam and Balschaya Kamenka .
Why then had he not supplemented Yamal in a similar way , in order to bring the number of cores up to an acceptable level ?
The reasoning behind Briffa 's subsample selection may have been a mystery , but with the other information McIntyre had gleaned , it was still possible to perform some tests on its validity .
This could be done by performing a simple sensitivity test , replacing the twelve cores that Briffa had used for the modern sections of Yamal with some of the other available data .
Sure enough , there was a suitable Schweingruber series called Khadyta River close by to Yamal , and with 34 cores , it represented a much more reliable basis for reconstructing temperatures .
McIntyre therefore prepared a revised dataset , replacing Briffa 's selected 12 cores with the 34 from Khadyta River .
The revised chronology was simply staggering .
The sharp uptick in the series at the end of the twentieth century had vanished , leaving a twentieth century apparently without a significant trend .
The blade of the Yamal hockey stick , used in so many of those temperature reconstructions that the IPCC said validated Michael Mann 's work , was gone .
[ Updated 30/9/09 to correct minor dating issue .
Also removed the reference to KB 's illness which is apparently genuine ]
The iron sign bearing the Nazi slogan " Arbeit Macht Frei " that spanned the main entrance to the former Auschwitz death camp was stolen before dawn today , Polish police said .
The sign with the German words for " Work Sets You Free " is believed to have been stolen from the gates of the Auschwitz memorial between 3.30 am and 5 am , when museum guards noticed it was missing and alerted authorities , said a police spokeswoman , Katarzyna Padlo .
The five - metre-long , 40kg sign across a gate at the main entrance to the former Nazi death camp in southern Poland , where more than 1 million people died during the second world war , was unscrewed on one side and pulled off on the other , Padlo said .
A spokesman for the Auschwitz museum , Pawel Sawicki , called the theft a " desecration " and said it was shocking that the tragic history of the site did not stop the thieves .
In Brussels , the European parliament president , Jerry Burzek , appealed for the sign to be returned " out of respect for the suffering of over a million victims " .
Another museum spokesman , Jaroslaw Mensfelt , said the thieves carried the sign 300 metres to an opening in a barbed - wire gap in a concrete wall .
The opening had been left intentionally to preserve a poplar tree dating back to the time of the war .
Fifty criminal investigators and a sniffer dog were sent to the grounds of the vast former death camp , where barracks , watchtowers and the ruins of gas chambers stand as testament to the atrocities inflicted by Nazi Germany on Jews , Gypsies and others .
The sniffer dog led police to a spot outside the wall where the sign left an imprint in freshly fallen snow , then to a roadside where the sign appeared to have been loaded on to a getaway vehicle .
A 5,000 - zloty ( £ 1,000 ) reward has been offered to anyone who can help track down the perpetrators .
Padlo said there were no suspects but police were pursuing several theories .
Another police spokesman told TVP Info television : " The whole area is under surveillance .
There are many cameras there .
We are now analysing the film .
I hope we will find the trail . "
Yad Vashem , the Holocaust remembrance centre in Jerusalem , told Reuters the theft was " an attack on the memory of the Holocaust " .
Noach Flug , president of the International Auschwitz Committee in Jerusalem , said it " deeply unsettles the survivors " and the sign " has to be found " .
Poland 's chief rabbi , Michael Schudrich , said the thieves were guilty of desecrating a site of immense importance .
" If they are pranksters , they'd have to be sick pranksters , or someone with a political agenda .
But whoever has done it has desecrated world memory , " he said .
" Auschwitz has to stand intact because without it , we are without the world 's greatest physical reminder of what we are capable of doing to each other . "
Sawicki said the museum authorities had already replaced the sign with a replica , which was used briefly a few years ago when the original was being repaired .
The original sign was made in the summer of 1940 by non-Jewish Polish inmates of Auschwitz in an iron workshop at the camp .
After occupying Poland in 1939 , the Nazis established the Auschwitz I camp in the southern Polish city of Oswiecim and initially used it for German political prisoners and non-Jewish Polish prisoners .
" We believe that the perpetrators will be found soon and the inscription will be returned to its place , " said Sawicki .
The slogan " Arbeit Macht Frei " was used at the entrances to other Nazi camps , including Dachau and Sachsenhausen , but the long , curving sign at Auschwitz is perhaps the best known .
More than a million people visit the Auschwitz site every year , but the barracks and other structures are in a state of disrepair and Polish authorities have been struggling to find the funds to carry out conservation work .
This week , Germany pledged € 60 m to an endowment that will fund long - term preservation work – half the amount that Auschwitz memorial museum officials say is needed .
Created by bagwell on 2009 - 10 - 26 .
Updated : 2009-10 - 26 , 12:31
Bill Venners , President of Artima has announced the availability of ScalaTest 1.0 , an open source application for concisely creating test code for Java platform based applications that can run on multiple processor cores for parallel testing .
The principal contributors Bill , George Berger and Josh Cough have exploited the syntactic power of Scala to create a powerful testing framework that speeds up the whole testing process .
The test code is intuitive to understand and is expressed in a very natural style .
Thomas Knierim , a satisfied user , says of Scalatest " Nice piece of software .
Simple and straightforward to use .
I dropped the new jars into my existing Ant projects and the unit tests worked right out of the box . "
On the ScalaTest Web site you will find the following example test code for a stack .
As you see , it requires little explanation to comprehend its intent but if you are curious to understand how Scala syntax has been used to achieve such a natural style see Bills explanation here .
import org.scalatest.FlatSpec import org.scalatest.matchers .
ShouldMatchers class StackSpec extends FlatSpec with ShouldMatchers { " A Stack " should " pop values in last - in - first - out order " in { val stack = new Stack [ Int ] stack .push ( 1 ) stack.push ( 2 ) stack.pop ( ) should equal ( 2 ) stack .pop ( ) should equal ( 1 ) } it should " throw NoSuchElementException if an empty stack is popped " in { val empty Stack = new Stack [ String ] evaluating { emptyStack.pop ( ) } should produce [ NoSuchElementException ] } }
ScalaTest has been designed to support a broad range of development methodologies for example test - driven and behavior - driven and popular testing practices such as unit , functional , integration or acceptance tests .
If you are already a ScalaTest user then you will find that 1.0 improves integration with JUnit , JMock , EasyMock and Mockito and provides additional BDD traits of FlatSpec , FeatureSpec and WordSpec .
You can pass " fixtures " into tests with a functional style using the new FixtureSuite and add documentation to tests that selectively appear on test reports using the GivenWhen Then trait .
ScalaTest now provides a Conductor class to manage multi- threaded testing of concurrency abstractions as well as reordering reports sequentially after multiple processor parallel testing .
So if you are looking for a framework that allows you to test Scala or Java code in a concise , highly customizable way then ScalaTest could be just the thing for you .
To find out more you can see Bill talk about ScalaTest at Devoxx 2009 on the 16 - 20 November at Antwerp , Belgium or visit the ScalaTest Web site .
Perhaps read other reports on the announcement DrDobbs or DZone .
( CNN ) -- A Republican Party that struggled in the wake of recent Democratic landslides sprang back to life Tuesday with wins in hotly contested races for governor in Virginia and New Jersey , according to CNN projections .
In Virginia , 55 - year - old former state attorney general Bob McDonnell will be the first Republican to win the state 's highest office in twelve years , CNN projects .
Republicans will win races for Virginia 's lieutenant governor and attorney general as well .
In New Jersey , former federal prosecutor Chris Christie will oust first - term Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine , CNN projects .
Christie will be the first Republican to win the top office in heavily Democratic New Jersey in 12 years .
Corzine will be the first New Jersey governor to lose a re-election bid since 1993 , when then - Gov. Jim Florio , a Democrat , lost to GOP challenger Christie Todd Whitman .
The two gubernatorial contests have been deemed by some analysts as the first major referendum on President Obama 's administration .
Republicans leaders , demoralized after landslide defeats in 2006 and 2008 , have been hoping to capitalize on wins in Virginia and New Jersey to help fuel a nationwide Republican resurgence .
They were buoyed by a huge swing of independent voters to the Republican column .
Democrats sought to minimize the defeats .
Since 1989 , it was noted , the party winning the White House has always gone on to lose the gubernatorial races in both states the following year .
CNN also projects that New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg will be re-elected to a third term .
The billionaire mayor is believed to have spent well over $ 100 million of his own money in his quest for a third term -- shattering the record for personal spending in any American campaign .
Democrat Bill Owens has won a vacant U.S. House seat in upstate New York , CNN projects .
The contest to fill the seat sparked a vicious internal fight between GOP conservatives and moderates .
The struggle has been viewed as a proxy for a national struggle between activists arguing the GOP slipped by betraying conservative values and officials warning a rightward move would further alienate an increasingly independent - minded electorate .
The split could result in the election of a new Democratic congressman from a region that has backed Republican congressional candidates since 1872 .
Voters in nearby Maine -- not generally noted for their hard - edged , ideological politics -- tackled an emotional hot - button issue as voters decided whether to overturn a recently enacted law legalizing same - sex marriage .
Results on the measure were not immediately expected , however .
Washington state voters are choosing whether to uphold a law granting same - sex domestic partners the same rights as heterosexual married couples .
Results on either measure were not immediately available , however .
The fight for control of New York 's City Hall is one of 380 mayoral races across the country , including contests in Atlanta , Georgia ; Boston , Massachusetts ; Detroit , Michigan ; Houston , Texas ; and Seattle , Washington .
It was the two races for governor , however , that appeared to attract the most interest at the White House .
Obama personally campaigned for the Democratic gubernatorial nominee in both states .
A plurality of voters in both states cited the economy as their top concern , according to exit polls .
Majorities in both states said Obama 's job performance was not a factor in their vote .
In Virginia , McDonnell beat Democratic nominee Creigh Deeds , a state senator from the rural western part of the state , by 21 points among critical independent voters .
Last year , in contrast , Obama edged out GOP presidential nominee John McCain by one point among Virginia independents .
African - Americans , as expected , voted overwhelmingly for the 51 - year - old Deeds .
Their total share of the vote , however , dropped from 20 percent from last year -- when Obama topped the ballot -- to 16 percent .
McDonnell benefited from a Virginia electorate that , according to the exit poll , was slightly more conservative Tuesday than it was in 2008 .
Conservatives were also more unified in their support for McDonnell than they were for former GOP presidential nominee John McCain .
McDonnell himself is a staunch conservative , but stressed bipartisan solutions to problems relating to job growth and transportation .
Deeds sought to peel social moderates and political independents away from McDonnell in part by highlighting McDonnell 's graduate school thesis , in which the Republican was critical of homosexuals and women in the workplace .
The attacks appeared to backfire on Deeds .
Almost two of every three voters said Deeds attacked McDonnell unfairly ; those voters broke for McDonnell by a 21 - point margin .
McDonnell 's expected victory is in keeping with Virginia 's tradition of backing candidates from the party that most recently lost the White House .
Republican George Allen was elected in 1993 , one year after Bill Clinton won the presidency .
Democrat Mark Warner won in 2001 , a year after George W. Bush 's first presidential victory .
In 2008 , Obama became the first Democratic presidential nominee to carry an increasingly diverse Virginia in more than four decades .
Fewer than one in five voters on Tuesday , however , said their vote was meant to express support for the president .
Almost one in four said their vote was meant to express opposition to Obama .
Further north in New Jersey , Corzine had pulled even in the final surveys before Election Day with the help of a virtual 2 - to - 1 spending advantage .
Many analysts believed independent candidate Chris Daggett , a socially moderate former Republican , was also be digging into Christie 's support .
Obama , who carried New Jersey by almost 16 points in 2008 , campaigned for Corzine three times , most recently this past Sunday .
The president 's help , however , was not enough to save Corzine , who was saddled with burden of seeking reelection in the midst of a steep economic downturn .
Almost one - third of New Jersey voters cited the economy as their top concern in early exit polls , with another 25 percent citing the state 's high property taxes .
One in five voters said their top concern was the state 's ongoing struggle with corruption .
Independent voters broke even more heavily for Christie in New Jersey than for McDonnell in Virginia .
Corzine was able to keep the race close , however , due to New Jersey 's political landscape .
New Jersey voters were both more Democratic and more liberal than Virginia voters .
Last year , the president also managed to carry New York 's sprawling 23rd congressional district , a traditional GOP stronghold running along the Canadian border from Lake Champlain to Lake Ontario .
The area has sent Republican representatives to Congress since Union Gen. Ulysses S. Grant occupied the White House .
But this year it was the scene of a GOP civil war .
The district's U.S. House seat opened up a few months ago after nine - term Republican Rep. John McHugh stepped down to become secretary of the Army .
Local Republican leaders picked state assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava as their nominee to replace McHugh because they felt her moderate views would appeal to centrist Republicans , independents and even some Democrats .
The decision , however , sparked a revolt among conservatives angry with what they saw as Scozzafava 's liberal views on same - sex marriage , abortion and fiscal matters such as the president 's $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan .
They backed Doug Hoffman , an accountant , ran on the state 's Conservative Party line .
Scozzafava suspended her campaign Saturday after her poll numbers plummeted following a flood of support and contributions to Hoffman from leading conservative politicians and organizations .
Republican leaders were fractured by the choice .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich backed Scozzafava .
Gingrich 's one - time deputy , former House Majority Leader Dick Armey , backed Hoffman .
After dropping out , Scozzafava endorsed Democratic nominee Bill Owens .
She campaigned for him on Monday .
CNN 's Peter Hamby and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
A British court ruled Friday that the country should release U.S. intelligence information on the alleged torture of a man held in several overseas prisons , despite concerns it could harm intelligence - sharing with the United States .
Lord Justice John Thomas and Justice David Lloyd Jones want to disclose seven redacted paragraphs from an earlier ruling on the treatment of an Ethiopian man who moved to Britain as a teenager , was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and held by U.S. officials in Afghanistan , Morocco and Guantanamo Bay .
ADVERTISEMENT
Binyam Mohamed alleges he was tortured by Pakistani intelligence officials in overseas prisons , but that British officials were complicit in his treatment .
He told the BBC : “ There is information in there , I ’m 99 percent sure , which states that the U.S. sub-contracted the UK government to do its dirty work . ”
Foreign Secretary David Miliband says he is “ deeply disappointed ” by the ruling and will appeal the High Court ’s decision “ in the strongest possible terms . ”
“ We have welcomed the changes in counter terrorism strategy that President Obama has made since coming to office , but we are clear that what has remained unchanged is the degree of protection the US expects others to give its intelligence , ” Miliband said in a written statement .
“ The US will not prejudice its own intelligence if it perceives that this intelligence may be disclosed at the order of a foreign court or otherwise .
It remains my assessment that the consequence of the Court ’s judgment today , if left unchallenged , will be a restriction on what is shared with us . ”
The Associated Press reports that U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said U.S. officials concurred with Miliband ’s concerns .
“ We both have a stake in ensuring that this kind of intelligence sharing continues to the fullest extent possible , ” Kelly said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The British judges , however , found that there the risk to national security , “ is not a serious one ” and that public interest in the redacted paragraphs is “ overwhelming . ”
“ The suppression of reports of wrongdoing by officials in circumstances which cannot in any way affect national security is inimical to the rule of law , ” Lord Justice Thomas and Mr Justice Lloyd Jones ruled .
“ Championing the rule of law , not subordinating it , is the cornerstone of democracy . ”
No information will be released until after the British government ’s appeal has been heard .
But the reality is that over the past 12 years , the average French person has put on almost 7 lbs and almost 2 inches around the waist , due in part to the change in eating habits in towns and cities and the increasing prevalence of fast food .
Never mind the disastrous interview with Katie Couric or the blank stares in response to Charlie Gibson 's question about the Bush Doctrine .
Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin calls the hacking of her Yahoo e-mail account " the most disruptive and discouraging " incident in last year 's presidential campaign .
Writing in her new book , Going Rogue : An American Life , Palin says the intrusion into her personal e-mail account in September 2008 " created paralysis " in her administration , because it cut off easy communication with her " Alaska staff . "
Presumably , this refers to her staff in the governor 's office , which would seem to be an acknowledgment that the personal account was used to conduct critical state work , as alleged in an activist 's lawsuit last year .
Threat Level broke the story in September 2008 that someone using the name " Rubico " had obtained access to Palin 's Yahoo e-mail account and posted photos – including two pictures of her children – and five screen shots of e-mail messages on the whistleblower site WikiLeaks .
Bloggers traced " Rubico " to a 20 - year - old Tennessee college student named David Kernell , whose father is a Democratic state legislator .
Kernell is now free on bail awaiting trial for the hack , scheduled for next year .
Palin writes in her book that she was sitting in a Michigan hotel room with her husband Todd when she learned about the intrusion on TV .
Just then Steve Schmidt , John McCain 's campaign manager , walked in to confirm what she 'd just seen on the news .
" It was another fine how - do - you - do : Hi , Governor , welcome to the blood sport known as presidential politics , " Palin writes .
She describes seeing the contents of her private correspondence scrolling on the TV screen and recognizing the name of a friend who had sent her one of the e-mails .
" I was horrified to realize that millions of people could read my personal messages , including the thoughts of a friend who had written of her heartbreak over her pending divorce , " she writes , adding " what kind of responsible press outfit would broadcast stolen private correspondence ? "
A local activist sued last year to obtain e-mail from Palin 's private accounts , alleging that Palin used the private accounts to conduct state business to get around state public records laws .
The stolen data subsequently released to WikiLeaks indicated that Palin received numerous e-mails from her aides in the governor ’s office , some of which appeared to be work - related .
A screen shot showing the index of Palin 's inbox included a message from her press secretary , Meghan Stapleton , on the subject of a “ Motor Fuel Tax Suspension . ”
The subject line of an e-mail from Randall Ruaro , her then - deputy chief of staff , read : “ Draft letter to Governor Schwarzenegger . ”
The subject line of two other e-mails from Ruaro said , “ Please approve ” and “ Court of Appeals Nominations . ”
Still more missives from Ruaro indicated they were about employee and budget issues for the DPS - Alaska 's Department of Public Safety .
An Alaska judge ruled in August that Palin 's use of personal e-mail accounts was not unlawful since the state 's open records law did n't address the practice .
But the controversy lives on as part of Kernell 's defense : the accused hacker 's lawyer has declared that the stolen e-mails were part of the public record , and that Palin had no expectation of privacy .
Palin writes that , upon learning of the breach last year , her mind immediately raced to personal messages that were stored in the e-mail account : exchanges with daughter Bristol over the pregnancy that Palin and the McCain campaign staff had announced just two weeks earlier ; discussions with her husband over their newborn son's medical issues ; farewell wishes to her eldest son , Track , before he deployed to military service .
Because the hack exposed the phone numbers and e-mail account addresses of her kids , they began receiving " vulgar e-mail threats and phone calls . "
In Going Rogue , Palin writes that the McCain campaign confiscated her kids ' phones , and she and her friends and family had to cancel personal and business accounts that had been exposed by the hack ; as a result , she could no longer contact her kids .
" The incident put tremendous stress on the campaign , " she writes .
" Schmidt and others acted as though they believed scattered reports that my hacked e-mail contained incriminating messages that would ' destroy the McCain campaign . ' "
She adds that " there were no messages , of course , but the episode ratcheted up paranoia and distrust inside the campaign . "
See Also :
Woman , 75 , shot to death outside Tiburon home TIBURON
The Marin Sheriff department search the front yard of a private home in the 600 block of Hilary Drive in Tiburon Calif. , for any clues that might help them in homicide of a woman in her 70s that was found shot to death today outside her home on September 22 , 2009 .
less
The Marin Sheriff department search the front yard of a private home in the 600 block of Hilary Drive in Tiburon Calif. , for any clues that might help them in homicide of a woman in her 70s that was found shot ... more Photo : Frederic Larson , The Chronicle Photo : Frederic Larson , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Woman , 75 , shot to death outside Tiburon home 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 75 - year - old woman was found shot to death Tuesday outside her home in Tiburon , just the fourth homicide in that town in the past 40 years , police said .
Joan Rosenthal , a former career counselor at College of Marin , was found by a friend at her home at 647 Hilary Drive at about 9:40 a.m. , said Margo Rohrbacher , a spokeswoman for Tiburon police .
Rohrbacher said the friend had found Rosenthal lying in an enclosed patio near the entrance to her home on a leafy , winding street in the Del Mar neighborhood , which looks out over Richardson Bay .
The home is about a block from Del Mar Middle School .
There were no signs that the tan , split - level home had been ransacked , police said .
No one has been arrested .
Police did not say whether they had any suspects , but Chief Michael Cronin said , " It 's a safe community .
I think it is as safe today as it was yesterday . "
Rosenthal had lived alone since her husband of 48 years , attorney Kenneth Rosenthal , died in January , according to police , neighbors and court records .
The couple were well known for their philanthropy .
They donated to the Marin Education Fund , which provides scholarships to college - bound students , and made a substantial donation to the Belvedere - Tiburon Library in 2007 , according to library agency records .
Joan Rosenthal and Tiburon Mayor Alice Fredericks were co-leaders of the Contemporary Book Club , which met each month at the library .
A neighbor on Hilary Drive , Dave Eklund , said Rosenthal was a " wonderful , kind and gentle woman who gave so much to the community .
I just can't conceive of anybody who would want to do harm to that woman . "
Her husband was an " extremely accomplished " amateur nature photographer whose work had been featured at shows in Marin , Eklund said .
" She lived in a rather secluded place that I would think would be safe , " he said .
Last year , FBI statistics show , Tiburon was among the safest cities in California .
There were just nine violent crimes of any type in all of 2008 in the town of 8,600 .
Police said Tiburon had n't recorded a homicide since the 1990s .
Kent Lyons did n't know Rosenthal .
But he described Tiburon as a " really healthy place " where people have deep roots , raise their families and stay for years .
Victor Barkhordarian agreed .
He lives around the corner from Rosenthal 's home and called Tiburon " the safest area in the whole Bay Area . "
" This is the first time I 've ever heard of something like this happening , " Barkhordarian said .
The Sacramento headquarters of the California High Speed Rail Authority occupy a suite of offices in a high - rise building a half - block from the state Capitol .
That ’s where I sat down with Tony Daniels , a bluff , silver - haired Englishman who works as project director on the rail plan .
When Daniels asked about my trip from Los Angeles the night before , I told him that our bus arrived in San Jose with seven minutes to spare .
After a sprint through the station , I made it to a Sacramento - bound train that turned out to be surprisingly efficient .
Daniels seemed amused .
You should have taken the San Joaquin , he said ; “ that ’s a nice train . ”
Too bad ours is n’t built yet , he added .
Daniels helps coordinate the hundreds of engineers — almost all of them private contractors at large firms — working on the California high - speed project .
He reports to an executive director named Mehdi Morshed , an engineer whose résumé is filled with California transportation projects , as well as to a board of nine political appointees .
After a few hours talking with Daniels and Morshed , I still could n’t gauge the mood in the rail - authority offices .
The place seemed to have an air of both defeat and giddy optimism .
The rail authority has never been especially popular ; for years its cause has been criticized as a science - fiction dream and , more recently , a government boondoggle to dwarf all previous government boondoggles .
Even for the less cynical — editorial boards and legislators , mainly — legitimate philosophical questions about its mission have never fully subsided .
Can California really afford such a project ?
Should n’t transportation dollars be spent instead on upgrading urban mass transit or commuter rail , both of which would also ease freeway traffic ?
Over the past decade , specific parts of the rail plan — tunnels , mountain passes , stations , environmental impacts , costs , ridership estimates , the technologies needed , you name it — have been challenged at nearly every turn by officials and citizens alike , as have the motives and wisdom of rail - authority board members and staff employees .
All the while , the state ’s governors ( Pete Wilson at first , then Gray Davis ) endorsed the authority ’s existence but withheld full - throated support .
And then suddenly last year , Arnold Schwarzenegger , who as governor had mostly displayed a “ benign indifference ” for the project , as the rail - authority chairman Quentin Kopp told me , revealed an extreme form of high - speed - train enthusiasm .
Last fall Schwarzenegger agreed to put the $ 10 billion bond issue on the ballot , and to the surprise of many it won .
When the recent federal stimulus plan offered the possibility of billions more for the California rail project , it was as if the perpetual losers in Sacramento won a huge talent contest they never expected to win .
Image Credit ... Illustration by Bryan Christie Design
In a country with no real experience of bullet trains — the Acela , which runs between Boston and Washington , does n’t exceed 150 m.p.h. — it is n’t immediately obvious what makes the systems so advanced and expensive .
When I met with Daniels he took me through the ways a high - speed train differs from , say , the Surfliner .
“ These are very powerful animals , ” he said of the vehicles that run in Europe and Asia .
It ’s more accurate to think of them as lithe rather than brawny , however .
They are light .
Or as the French tend to say , the trains have a high power - to - weight ratio that allows them to attain terrific velocities .
What ’s more , the newest high - speed designs do not depend on locomotives pulling or pushing a string of cars .
Instead , powerful motors are distributed throughout the undersides of the train cars .
Up above , the trains are delicate : the pantograph that touches an overhead electrical wire ( the catenary ) is far more sensitive than its equivalent on regular trains in order to maintain electrical contact at extreme speeds .
Things are different on the ground too .
Crossties are made from concrete and not timber , and rails are sometimes set on a concrete bed rather than a ballast of crushed stone .
The alignment of the rails cannot involve tight curves or sharp turns — because straighter track is faster , and faster track is the whole point .
One of the most crucial distinctions with the trains , finally , is invisible : they have a signaling technology , called “ positive train control , ” that keeps tabs on the location of the trains in operation .
If a train gets close to the one ahead of it , it slows down automatically — or shuts down altogether if it gets too close .
A big seismic tremor or act of sabotage trips the system , too .
You ca n’t plunk a bullet train down on an existing corridor .
High - speed lines in Asia and Europe are , in the argot of transportation engineers like Daniels , “ dedicated lines without grade crossings . ”
That means vast stretches of the routes are for high - speed trains only ( no freight or commuter trains allowed ) and are built so that anything crossing the train ’s path ( local roads , highways , freight lines , white - tailed deer ) must do so via overpass or underpass .
Hence a virgin 400 - or 500 - mile track in California , in addition to its own construction , entails hundreds of massive construction projects in order to divert all sorts of cross traffic .
A dedicated line also requires a secure fence on both sides of the tracks .
Because it takes several miles to brake - stop a train barreling along at 200 m.p.h. —
French authorities consider drivers incapable of reacting quickly enough to stimuli at top speed — fences are needed to keep cattle and curious kids from wandering near .
As Daniels described his project , I tried to scribble down his to - do list , but that seemed almost hopeless .
In addition to the current financing , the rail system will need tens of billions of additional dollars from the state , the federal government and private investors to actually be finished .
In addition to track beds and rails and fences and trains and signals — all built to withstand earthquakes — a large power supply and vast new electrical system with substations every 30 miles will be needed .
There will be as many as 24 passenger stations along the way , most of them built from scratch , while others , like Union Station in Los Angeles , will need to be expanded significantly to accommodate millions of new train riders every year .
( A small but typical headache : Union Station is on the national register of historic places , which makes renovations and expansions especially fraught . )
The train plan will also necessitate thousands of pages of environmental and public - review documents .
And it will require an entirely new set of safety regulations from the Federal Rail Administration .
The F.R.A. has largely focused on requiring trains to demonstrate crash worthiness , whereas in Europe and Asia the emphasis is on avoiding crashes .
( There was a deadly high - speed - train accident in Germany in 1998 , but in 45 years of operation in Japan , and in 28 years in France , there has never been a fatality on a high - speed train . )
And these are n’t even the biggest problems .
The monumental difficulty of the California rail project is finalizing the route .
An approximate plan has been approved , but over the next year the authority will pinpoint precisely where the train will run , down to the inch .
Significant purchases of land will have to be made , and in some places the state might have to exercise eminent domain .
At one point Daniels took me down into what he calls his war room , a large space with huge maps on the wall and thousands of pages of regulatory documents piled on tables .
One thing you notice if you spend time with rail planners is that it ’s difficult to separate engineering concerns from economic and political issues .
It ’s as if the relationship between these competing forces forms a set of interrelated mathematical equations ; change one variable and you have to rework the entire calculus .
One of the largest maps in Daniels ’s war room is of the 58 miles between Bakersfield and Merced .
It ’s a stretch of pancake - flat farmland — “ the train will just whistle here , ” Daniels said — through which the lines of two freight railroads , the Union Pacific and the Burlington Northern Santa Fe , already pass .
Both companies own strips of land bordering their own tracks that they can sell or lease .
Union Pacific apparently is n’t interested in the high - speed - rail authority ’s offers ; Burlington Northern is .
The Union Pacific route is a straight line ; the Burlington route arcs between the towns .
All told , the Burlington route is several miles longer , which leads to a dilemma .
By law — that is , according to the bond measure that authorizes the rail project — the California train has to travel between San Francisco and Los Angeles in 2 hours 40 minutes .
Adding distance might add too much time .
Daniels showed me a printout of a computer model demonstrating how a particular German high - speed train , one of the best in the world , would do on the longer route .
“ It comes in at 2 hours 39 minutes and 53 seconds , ” he said .
“ That ’s too tight for me . ”
It ’s possible the Germans ( or other manufacturers ) could build a souped - up train .
Or it ’s possible the route could be shortened in other spots .
It ’s also possible that a portion of the route elsewhere could be engineered with a lesser gradient that would permit greater speed .
But that could require a longer tunnel — and more money .
And what about buying some farmland for a more direct route ?
Reduced time , but more money .
And no doubt a political headache as well .
“ It ’s tough , ” Daniels said , almost to himself , as he looked at the map .
And this was just one segment .
“ The different sectors are responding to the president ’s call for all hands on deck , ” John P. Holdren , the White House science adviser , said in an interview last week .
The other parts of the campaign include a two - year focus on science on “ Sesame Street , ” the venerable public television children ’s show , and a Web site , connectamillionminds.com , set up by Time Warner Cable , that provides a searchable directory of local science activities .
The cable system will contribute television time and advertising to promote the site .
The White House has also recruited Sally K. Ride , the first American woman in space , and corporate executives like Craig R. Barrett , a former chairman of Intel , and Ursula M. Burns , chief executive of Xerox , to champion the cause of science and math education to corporations and philanthropists .
Dr. Ride said their role would be identifying successful programs and then connecting financing sources to spread the successes nationally .
“ The need is funding , ” she said .
“ There is a lot of corporate interest and foundation interest in this issue . ”
Administration officials say that the breadth of participation in Educate to Innovate is wider than in previous efforts , which have failed to produce a perceptible rise in test scores or in most students ’ perceptions of math and science .
In international comparison exams , American students have long lagged behind those in much of Asia and Europe .
But some education experts said the initiatives did little to address some core issues : improving the quality of teachers and the curriculum .
Image Elmo and his “ Sesame Street ” co-star Big Bird will be among those trying to show students the value of science and math .
Credit ... Ron Thomas / Giles Communication , via Associated Press
“ I think a lot of this is good , but it is missing more than half of what needs to be done , ” said Mark S. Schneider , a vice president at the American Institutes for Research , a nonprofit research organization in Washington .
“ It has nothing to do with the day - to - day teaching , ” said Dr. Schneider , who was the commissioner of education statistics at the Department of Education from 2005 to 2008 .
Ready for more Motorola Droid nonsense ?
Good .
We ’ve just got a couple images of a promotional mailer that went out to one of our connects .
It has a pretty decent shot of the device on it ( What ?
You need more photos ? ) and those ever - clever “ I do ” key features the Droid , uh , does .
Check out another two shots after the bounce .
Thanks ,
The Busymind !
The most idiotic thing being said about America ’s involvement in Afghanistan is that the best way to protect the 68,000 U.S. troops there now is by putting an additional 40,000 in harm ’s way .
People who argue for that plan clearly have not read Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal ’s report pushing for escalation .
The general is as honest as he is wrong in laying out the purpose of this would - be expanded mission , which is to remold Afghanistan in a Western image by making U.S. troops far more vulnerable , rather than less so .
He is honest in arguing that American troops would have to be deployed throughout the rugged and otherwise inhospitable terrain of rural Afghanistan , entering intimately into the ways of local life so as to win the hearts and minds of a people who clearly wish we would not extend the favor .
He is wrong in indicating , without providing any evidence to support the proposition , that this very costly and highly improbable quest to be the first foreign power to successfully model life in Afghanistan would be connected with defeating the al - Qaida terrorists .
As the president ’s top national security adviser has stated , there are fewer than 100 al - Qaida members left in Afghanistan and they have no capacity to launch attacks .
These remnants of a foreign Arab force assembled by the U.S. to thwart the Soviets in their hapless effort to conquer Afghanistan are now alienated from the locally based insurgency .
As Matthew Hoh , the former Marine captain and foreign service officer in charge of the most contested area , said recently in his letter of resignation , we have stumbled into a 35 - year - long civil war between rural people “ who want to be left alone ” and a corrupt urban government that the U.S. insists on backing .
Hoh , who quit after a decade of service in Iraq and Afghanistan , wrote that he was resigning not because of the hardships of his assignment but rather because he no longer believed in its stated purpose :
“ … [ I ] n the course of my five months of service in Afghanistan … I have lost understanding and confidence in the strategic purposes of the United States ’ presence in Afghanistan . …
To put simply : I fail to see the value or the worth in continued U.S. casualties or expenditures of resources in support of the Afghan government in what is , truly , a 35 - year old civil war .
…
Like the Soviets , we continue to secure and bolster a failing state , while encouraging an ideology and system of government unknown and unwanted by its people . …
I have observed that the bulk of the insurgency fights not for the white banner of the Taliban , but rather against the presence of foreign soldiers and taxes imposed by an unrepresentative government in Kabul . ”
Just how unrepresentative was amply demonstrated in a very low - turnout election which the U.S. - backed candidate , Hamid Karzai , won after stealing one - third of the ballots he claimed for his victory , according to U.N. observers .
In a message of congratulation to Karzai , President Barack Obama made reference to the need for reform and an end to the corruption that is endemic in the Karzai regime but then stated , “ Although the process was messy , I am pleased to say that the final outcome was determined in accordance with Afghan law , which I think is very important . ”
What law ?
A runoff was avoided only when Karzai refused to accede to his opponent ’s demand for changes in the election commission that had stuffed the ballot boxes .
When Bob Schieffer of CBS said of the election “ the thing was a fraud , ” White House senior adviser David Axelrod had the arrogance to defend the rigged process as having “ proceeded in the constitutional way . ”
Just what is it we are telling the world about our belief in the integrity of elections ?
It is no different from our having extolled those garbage elections that occurred with great regularity in Vietnam during the war there , a point made to great effect by Hoh :
“ Our support for this kind of government , coupled with a misunderstanding of the insurgency ’s true nature , reminds me horribly of our involvement with South Vietnam ; an unpopular and corrupt government we backed at the expense of our Nation ’s own internal peace , against an insurgency whose nationalism we arrogantly and ignorantly mistook as a rival to our own Cold War ideology . ”
Obama must know the truth of those words and should heed them before he marches down the disastrous path pursued by another Democratic president , Lyndon Johnson — who , we now know from his White House telephone tapes , sacrificed the youth of this country in a war that he always knew never made sense .
The Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) , a UK - based " think tank " and registered charity , has launched a new initiative urging wealthy members of the developed world to participate in carbon offsets that fund programs for curbing the population of developing nations .
The scheme is being promoted as a more cost - effective way to reduce CO2 emissions than investing in alternative energy sources and offers a way for elitist racists to feel ethical in their quest to exterminate the third world masses .
A BBC News article on the proposal dutifully reports the OPT 's proposal and their justifications for proposing it .
They note that the program is designed to fund " contraception " programs in poor nations , a term that helpfully obscures the fact that such programs — including those run by FPA , one of the agencies listed as a supporting organization of this new program — have used bribes to get poor men and women to volunteer for sterilization .
The article does , however , allow space for a detractor of the proposal to point out that even if one does accept that limiting carbon emissions is necessary ( which it is not ) , the focus on limiting emissions of people in Least Developed Countries ( LDCs ) is in itself nonsensical : " Carbon emissions from people in much of sub -Saharan Africa are so low that they can barely be counted . "
What this error exposes , however , is not that the OPT has set its sights on the wrong target .
In fact , they are simply introducing the idea as a politically expedient precedent which will eventually be expanded to include the developed world as well .
Indeed , this is merely the latest such proposal from the group , which has previously said that the world 's population must be cut by as much as half and the UK 's population reduced to as little as 17 million in order to reach " sustainable levels . "
The group 's patrons include world renowned environmental campaigners , academics and media figures like Jane Goodall , James Lovelock and Sir David Attenborough .
One patron of the Optimum Population Trust who stands out is Jonathon Porritt , a well - known baronet and a green campaigner who advises the likes of Prince Charles on environmental matters .
He has long argued the link between " environmental sustainability " and enforced abortions .
He once claimed to be " unapologetic about asking people to connect up their own responsibility for their total environmental footprint and how they decide to procreate and how many children they think are appropriate . "
He is also on the board of BBC Wildlife magazine , perhaps explaining why BBC News tends to treat every pronouncement from the OPT as if it were a major policy announcement ( see this and this and this for starters ) .
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
Another prominent OPT patron is Paul Ehrlich , George W. Bush 's chief science advisor and co-author ( with his wife , Anne , and Obama 's science advisor , John P. Holdren ) of Ecoscience , a 1977 textbook that outlined in painstaking detail the various measures that the governments of the world could take to confront the " problem " of population , from forced abortions and one - child policies to mass sterilization of the populace through the contamination of the water supply .
One representative passage reads :
" The development of a long - term sterilizing capsule that could be implanted under the skin and removed when pregnancy is desired opens additional possibilities for coercive fertility control .
The capsule could be implanted at puberty and might be removable , with official permission , for a limited number of births . "
With such patrons in its ranks , it is hardly surprising that the group would endose a plan to sterilize the poor in the name of reducing carbon emissions .
Of course , the green rhetoric of " sustainability " and " carbon reduction " is only the latest garb for a very old ideology , eugenics , a 19th century junk science which concluded that the human race consisted of genetically " superior " and " inferior " breeds .
Unsurprisingly , this long - since discredited hucksterism , invented by an inbred group of British gentlemen scientists concluded that inbred British gentlemen scientists were the master race and everyone else was expendable .
When the Jewish holocaust exposed the eugenics cult for the genocidal ideology that it is , the once - thriving eugenics societies had to go underground .
Some did this by merely changing their name : the British Eugenics Society became the Galton Institute in 1989 , for example .
Others changed their focus .
The American Eugenics Society morphed into the Population Council , a group formed by John D. Rockefeller III , and refocused its attention on the problem of overpopulation and sustainability .
Under the cloak of " scientific " research into the discredited Matlhusian bunkum of overpopulation .
In latter years , this merged quite nicely with the now discredited junk science of " manmade global warming " to provide a perfect front for the eugenicists .
If any further evidence were needed that the green rhetoric of carbon offsets were merely another front for the rabidly racist ideology of eugenics , perhaps the clearest indication can be found on the Galton Institute home page .
Here , the group that once openly called itself a eugencis society brags that one of its main functions is to serve as a funding vehicle for Marie Stopes International , an organization whose founder was a rabid racist who advocated sterilization of non-whites and the poor .
And the eugenicist 's agenda rolls on ...
Mike Rivero
Folks , I have heard Climategate described as the greatest science scandal of all time .
It is that and much more .
It is also the greatest political scandal of all time because the agenda was not scientific but political ; to trick the entire world into accepting the yoke of global government and global taxation .
In other words Climategate ( and Swine - 11 and the financial crash ) were created to enslave the entire human race .
It is a monstrous conspiracy that involved the US Government , corrupted scientists , and the corporate media , all led by the United Nations ' IPCC .
As such , I disagree with those who say that Climategate is a scan , or a fraud , or even treason .
It is so very much more than that .
Climategate is a crime against the entire planet .
It is a crime against humanity .
It is the greatest crime in history and its conspirators deserve the greatest punishment in history .
In standing up to be counted with the global warming fraudsters , Obama 's Climate Czar , who owes her position and paycheck to the manufactured fraud of human - caused global warming , has proven to America that this government is an enemy of the people , willing to sell us all into global bondage for the sake of power and thirty pieces of silver .
Carol Browner is not an elected official .
She is a proven liar because she supports a proven hoax that evinces a design to reduce all human under an absolute global despotism and taxation from which there will be no recourse and no escape .
I do not recognize her authority over me , and certainly have no respect for her absence of scientific awareness in this matter .
Prudence , indeed , will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn , that mankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable , than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed .
But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for their future security .
--
The Declaration of Independence
¤ ¤ ¤ ¤ ¤
Source : http://whatreallyhappened.com/taxonomy/term/97
" Looking at the science , there 's nothing else that makes any sense , " she said .
" The current quota is driving the species to commercial extinction . "
Not that ICCAT ever pays much attention to science .
" Last year ICCAT 's scientists said that the quota should be no higher than 15,000 metric tons , " said Lieberman .
" So they went with 23,000 tons .
In reality , with overfishing and illegal fishing , what they actually took is much higher .
You can pretty much figure that it was double the quota .
What we 're calling for is to suspend the fishery .
Let it recover , and then you can go back to fishing .
But there 's tremendous opposition , particularly from the European Union , to cutting anything . "
Bluefins are amazing animals .
They can live for 40 years and attain weights of 1,600 pounds , yet they blast through the water at speeds in excess of 60 miles per hour .
In other respects , they have everything going against them .
The tuna grow slowly , and young females lay a only fraction the number of eggs that older ones do .
They only have two spawning grounds , one in the Gulf of Mexico and one in the Mediterranean Sea , and when they are on them , tuna form tight schools , making them easy to catch .
If ICCAT fails to act responsibly ( and I have n't heard of anyone who is betting that it will ) , Atlantic bluefins ' last hope for survival could rest with the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Fauna ( CITES ) .
That group will meet in March 2010 to consider a proposal to list bluefin on its Appendix I , which would ban international trade in the fish .
Interestingly , last month ICCAT 's own researchers reported that the species clearly qualified for inclusion .
If science does n't convince ICCAT to act logically , maybe common sense will .
" We 're not saying that no one should ever eat bluefin sushi again , " said Lieberman .
" We 're saying that if you want to eat it in the future , you 've got to bite the bullet and do the right thing now . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Tags : Charles Bukowski , William Burroughs
Reports from the Bibliographic Bunker
Jed Birmingham on William S. Burroughs Collecting
16 - bit Intel 8088 chip
with an Apple Macintosh
you ca n’t run Radio Shack programs
in its disc drive .
nor can a Commodore 64
drive read a file
you have created on an
IBM Personal Computer .
both Kaypro and Osborne computers use
the CP / M operating system
but ca n’t read each other ’s
handwriting
for they format ( write
on ) discs in different
ways .
the Tandy 2000 runs MS - DOS but
ca n’t use most programs produced for
the IBM Personal Computer
unless certain
bits and bytes are
altered
but the wind still blows over
Savannah
and in the Spring
the turkey buzzard struts and
flounces before his
hens .
— Charles Bukowski
Charles Bukowski and the Computer
On Christmas Day , 1990 , Charles Bukowski received a Macintosh IIsi computer and a laser printer from his wife , Linda .
The computer utilized the 6.0.7 operating system and was installed with the MacWrite II word processing program .
By January 18 of the next year , the computer was up and running and so , after a brief period of fumbling and stumbling , was Bukowski .
His output of poems doubled in 1991 .
In letters he remarked that he had more poems than outlets to send them to .
The fact that several books of new poems appeared in the years following Bukowski ’s death in 1994 can partially be attributed to this amazing burst of creative energy late in life .
The Macintosh IIsi helped to enable this creative explosion .
Flying in the face of the adage “ You ca n’t teach an old dog new tricks , ” Bukowski kept an open mind about new technologies .
Although he wondered if Dostoevsky would have ever used a computer or if he would lose his soul as a writer , Bukowski quickly realized the substantial benefits of the Macintosh and wondered how he ever wrote without one , considering the typewriter archaic .
In correspondence , Bukowski championed his computer to friends , stating that they would never regret getting one for themselves .
Linda signed Bukowski up for a computer class , and he went willingly , demonstrating his eagerness to master the new technology .
A short time later , Bukowski characteristically claimed that he had a secret , foolproof system for dealing with his computer ’s many shutdowns and malfunctions , much like he had a system at the racetrack .
In general Bukowski kept abreast of new innovations that would further his writing .
In a letter to John Martin , his Black Sparrow publisher , Bukowski mentioned the availability of a technology ( the Internet ) that would allow him to send poems instantly .
The speed and ease of new technologies amazed , excited , and inspired him .
When he first got a fax machine , Bukowski immediately wrote Martin a fax poem .
In late 1992 , Bruce Kijewski approached Bukowski with the idea of electronic books .
Bukowski was intrigued .
He wrote back , “ Yes , you have a strange project : electronic books .
It might be the future as more and more people find that the computer is such a magic thing : time - saver , charmer , energizer . ”
Bukowski’s open - mindedness in old age is refreshing , when you consider all the aging writers who fall back and rely on the familiar , be it in technologies of writing or actual writing style .
But there are still reservations and a sense of nostalgia .
The same letter to Kijewski continues , “ But , still , when [ the electronic book ] comes I will still miss the old fashioned book . ”
Despite such statements , it is clear that Bukowski was a writer not afraid of , or pessimistic about , the future .
Bukowski’s embrace of new technology should not surprise me , but it always does .
Putting aside the transgressive nature of Bukowski ’s subject matter , part of me considers him a conservative poet .
On the level of poetics , he rarely impresses me as particularly innovative .
For example he never experimented with the page as a field , a technique that I have a weakness for .
In addition , his use of poetic form and the line seems rather simple and direct .
Yet this was not always so .
The poems from the 1960s used a much longer and freer line that incorporated elements of surrealism .
There is a playfulness of language in these poems .
Bukowski gets drunk on words and the joys of putting them together .
This excess gets stripped down later in his career .
I tend to see this as a lack of innovation , but it is not ; it is an adaptation and , in fact , addresses Bukowski ’s intense concern with the line .
Bukowski as he got older sought a simpler , more direct poem and used a shorter line .
I should think of William Carlos Williams , Louis Zukofsky , or HD when I see Bukowski ’s later poems with their four to five word lines .
As with new technology , Bukowski possessed an open mind with all manner of writing styles and techniques .
He would try anything once .
For a brief period in the later 1960s , Bukowski , at the urging of Carl Weissner , addressed the cut - up and flirted with the idea in a few poems .
A great letter from the period parodies the cut - up , even though the cut-ups probably came from Bukowski ’s imagination rather than the scissors .
I do not want to suggest that Bukowski was pioneer or a radical in his use of the computer .
He is no Michael Joyce , to mention a pioneer in the field , and his work never did incorporate the possibilities of , nor test the boundaries of , digital technology , like the more innovative literature of this nature .
In fact , Bukowski readily admitted that he used the computer as a typewriter .
He marveled at basic capabilities such as formatting , fonts , and spell check .
Yet there is more to Bukowski ’s relationship with computer than that .
In a letter to Ivan Suvanjieff on February 20 , , 1992 , Bukowski set out in some detail his thoughts on the computer and writing .
He writes , “ One editor writes me an almost snarling letter .
‘ All a computer does is allow you to correct the composition of your work ! ’
This man understands nothing . ”
Pound , Olson , and Zukofsky demonstrated the value of the typewriter in composition so this ability on the computer is no small matter , as are fonts and the like , but for Bukowski , the computer actually altered how he felt about and approached his writing .
In the same letter he writes , “ There is something about seeing your words on a screen before you that makes you send the word with a better bite , sighted in closer to the target .
I know a computer ca n’t make a writer but I think it makes a writer better .
Simplicity in writing and simplicity in getting it down , hot and real . ”
He continues , “ When this computer is in the shop and I go back to the electric , it ’s like trying to break rock with a hammer .
Of course , the essence of writing is there but you have to wait on it , it does n’t leap from the gut as quickly , you begin to trail your thoughts — your thoughts are ahead of your fingers which are trying to catch up .
It causes a block of sorts indeed . ”
Bukowski directly links the ease of writing on the computer with his later , simpler style .
One might think that a computer would lead to a longer line , an increased verbiage , not with Bukowski .
The ease of the delete / edit functions was as important as the ability to get one ’s thoughts down quickly .
In addition , the visual aspect of the screen and the feel of writing on a computer influenced the form of Bukowski ’s later poetry .
Bukowski also incorporated the computer as a metaphor in his later writing .
From early 1991 to his death in 1994 , computers and the act of writing on one appeared repeatedly .
In The Captain is Out to Lunch and the Sailors Have Taken over the Ship , R. Crumb provided an illustration of Bukowski sitting in front of his Macintosh .
The caption reads , “ Old writer puts on sweater , sits down , leers into the computer screen and writes about life .
How holy can we get ? ”
Clearly , the computer re-energized Bukowski and gave him new life as a writer .
Yet much of Bukowski ’s late writing was about old age and death .
The computer fit into this .
In poems , letters , and in The Captain , Bukowski chronicled his struggles with the computer .
The shutdowns , the lost poems , the time at the shop for repairs .
This mirrored Bukowski’s own health problems and trips to the hospital .
The computer represented the writer in old age .
The computer and the digital revolution also suggest the end of the book and of print .
As a result , the computer spelled the death of the traditional author , a fact that must have struck Bukowski as he faced death himself .
Yet all was not doom and gloom as the computer ( old age and death ) also provides the material and means for new poems .
So the computer also represents the old writer ’s creative impulse .
In the four letters collected in Reach for the Sun for 1994 , two mention the computer .
In Bukowski ’s late writing , the computer simultaneously symbolized the persistent creativity and eventual death of the aging writer .
Considering the importance of the computer to Bukowski ’s later work and creative process , I wonder if his computer , hard drives , and disks were sent to the Huntington Library with the rest of his archive .
Again the level of study directed at Bukowski ’s computer would not be on the same level as , say , a Michael Joyce , but a familiarity with a Macintosh IIsi , the 6.0.7 operating system , and MacWrite II would provide insight into Bukowski ’s working habits and the resulting output .
Given the creative charge Bukowski felt facing the black computer screen , a scholar would be well served experiencing the same working environment .
Did Bukowski tailor his poems to the screen ?
Was the journal / diary aspect of The Captain derived from the computer in any way ?
How did Bukowski edit on the computer ?
Did his writing process differ from his use of the typewriter or his writing by hand ?
Bukowski mentioned experimenting with fonts and formatting .
Did he keep any of these efforts and what was the extent of this practice ?
How did he format his blank “ page ” on the screen ?
As Bukowski ’s letters and other writing of the early 1990s show , he was aware of the importance of these questions .
Take the poem “ 16 Bit Intel 8088 Chip . ”
Here , the incompatibility of computers is contrasted with the harmony of nature .
The themes of rebirth , death and the poet in old age are all present as with much of Bukowski ’s writing addressing the computer .
Yet the poem also touches on a central dilemma for the contemporary librarian and archivist .
How do you store and make sense of all the different computer technologies that proliferate in the digital age ?
The poem also hints at the transitory nature of computer technology .
Like microfiche , tape cassettes and CDs , computer operating systems change rapidly and deteriorate .
Unlike paper , unlike the traditional , soon to be “ obsolete ” book .
Despite the changing technology , writers and artists will still create , but how is a librarian to keep track of this output and keep it available ten , fifty , a hundred years from now ?
As a generation of baby - boom writers approach the completion of their creative careers , these are becoming central questions for today ’s librarians .
Currently , the University of Texas Library has 37 author archives that contain computer technology .
This number is going to explode in the next decade .
Famously , the computers of Ralph Ellison proved a major obstacle in piecing together the thousands of pages of draft of his never - completed follow - up to Invisible Man.
Ellison used several different computers with different operating systems to store his drafts .
When I was briefly in graduate school , I was required to be fluent in a foreign language .
This was a major roadblock for me .
Today , a mastery of computers , their operating systems , their languages , and how they work is becoming mandatory for scholars and librarians .
They need to be computer programmers and designers as well as experts on bibliographic matters .
The questions this technology raises are numerous .
How do you create electronic versions of texts ?
What are the standards and critical approaches to these texts ?
How are various electronic drafts to be approached and prioritized ?
What are the ethics of digging into a writer ’s personal computer ?
What is a writer ’s obligation to save drafts and email ?
Such questions are just the tip of the iceberg .
Kyle Schlesinger , my co-editor on Mimeo Mimeo , sent me a link to the work of Matthew G. Kirchenbaum , an Associate Professor of English at the University of Maryland .
He and other forward - looking academics are addressing these questions .
Jerome McGann , as I have mentioned before , is one of the pioneers in this respect .
His work on the Rossetti Project and with IVANHOE shows what is possible as well as the endless possibilities .
I also mentioned in my Beat Critics article about the desire to create an electronic version of On the Road complete with Kerouac ’s revisions and scholarly commentary .
As Beat criticism moves away from definitions and canon formation , it will have to address many technological questions .
Kirchenbaum and others are mapping this field .
The white paper , Approaches to Managing and Collecting Born-Digital Literary Materials for Scholarly Use , is a case in point .
William Burroughs and the Computer
This takes me to the William Burroughs archive at the Berg .
The index of the archive was just posted on the Berg ’s website .
It makes for fascinating reading .
The breadth of the archive is immense and intimidating .
Quite possibly , the traditional book may not be the best manner to present the contents of this archive to the public .
For example , maybe an electronic Naked Lunch along the lines of the electronic Melville described in John Bryant ’s paper on On the Road is what is needed .
Thus , making sense of the Burroughs archive may require a solid knowledge of computers and computer design .
That said , none of the items in the Burroughs archive are born digital , i.e. , they were not initially created on a computer or by other digital means .
Burroughs used a typewriter or wrote by hand .
Everything Lost highlights the incredible set of challenges that results from holograph manuscripts while also showing how modern technology can suggest solutions to these problems .
While I have heard mention that Burroughs possessed a computer in Lawrence , I have never seen evidence that he utilized it in his creative process .
The Berg shows no computers , disks , hard drives or print outs .
This makes sense given that the collection dated from 1951 to 1972 , but I am unaware of such items elsewhere , such as Ohio State University .
I have never seen an original Burroughs manuscript , such as a laser printout , that shows his work was ever born digital .
I believe Last Words was handwritten in a journal .
Somebody correct me if I am wrong here .
As far back as the mid-1960s , Burroughs was aware of the possibilities of the computer and computer - generated poetry .
In Insect Trust Gazette , Burroughs ’ work appears alongside an early computer poem .
In his interview with Conrad Knickerbocker in Paris Review , he stated that he had yet to experiment with the computer , but thought that such literature was valid and interesting , if it stood on its own merit .
Yet as time passed — again , as far as I know — Burroughs never experimented with the computer .
On one level this makes sense given the fact that Burroughs was well advanced in age and set in his ways by the time the personal computer was generally available .
You might say you ca n’t teach an old dog new tricks , but Bukowski proves that you , in fact , can .
Part of me has always found it weird that Burroughs was not more involved in the Internet and computers .
It seems right up his alley .
His work has often been connected to cyberpunk fiction as an early influence .
His writing is routinely described as a form of hypertext ( “ You can cut into Naked Lunch at any intersection point ” ) .
One might think Burroughs would be curious to explore this aspect of his work further , given the hype surrounding hypertext in the early 1990s .
Burroughs readily embraced the technologies of film , tape , and painting into his creative process , so he was open to new media and mediums .
The idea of the Composite City and Interzone seem , as critics have noted , to have a particular affinity to hypertext and the Internet .
The free - flowing and interconnected nature of the City draws many comparisons to the Web .
I tend to link Interzone and the Composite City with Borges ’ concept of the Tower of Babel and the all - inclusive library .
The idea of an endless novel and a digital archive seem Burroughsian to me .
Burroughs , computers , and the Internet seem a match made in , if not heaven , cyberspace .
In 1994 , Wired announced the imminent launch of an official Burroughs website in conjunction with Timothy Leary .
It never came off .
The venture proved to be largely an example of financial speculation , rather than a creative enterprise .
The presence of Leary cements this fact for me .
From psychedelics to cyberspace , Leary was more P.T. Barnum than anything else .
He was a promoter and a popularizer rather than a true astronaut of inner- or cyberspace .
Leary was not a creator .
Yet this idea of a website with Burroughs ’ input continues to fascinate .
What would Burroughs have done with an Ian Sommerville - type collaborator who knew the nuts and bolts of computers and the Internet , was aware of their philosophical and cultural implications , and also possessed a desire to expand the medium creatively ?
Like many on the forum at Reality Studio , I wonder what if ?
It was not to be .
Maybe the lack of born - digital material in Burroughs ’ archives can be simply explained by the fact that the digital age had passed him by in his old age .
An interview from 1987 suggests as much .
On the question of Burroughs ’ involvement with word processors , he answers , “ No , I ’m very poor with any mechanical contrivances .
I do n’t know how a typewriter works , for example .
I can use it , but I do n’t know how it works .
Right now , word processors seem just too complicated to get into .
I guess they would be helpful , save a great deal of time , undoubtedly , but at this point the effort involved in learning how to use them just does n’t seem worthwhile . ”
But there might be more to Burroughs ’ less than enthusiastic attitude toward computers than that .
By the 1990s , Burroughs had largely left writing behind and was exploring painting more fully .
He clearly still burned with the desire to create .
The process of painting excited Burroughs , particularly the use of the hand and gesture .
In an interview with Klaus Maek in 1990 , Burroughs states , “ When I started painting , I said , I will have to see with my hands and I just let my hands do it .
And my hands , sometimes they know . ”
The cut - up was a similar physical process .
Burroughs needed that direct confrontation with his materials in order to create .
He wrote in Naked Lunch : “ There is only one thing a writer can write about : what is in front of his senses at the moment of writing . ”
Painting provided a slightly different intimacy and immediacy .
Burroughs states , “ For one thing when you are writing you ca n’t help but know what you ’re writing about because it ’s right there in front of you , but I never know what I ’m painting until I am finished .
I sometimes paint with my eyes closed because I see with my hands when I paint .
In a sense , painting is easier than writing because you just let your hands do it … ”
Possibly , the blank computer screen provided too much distance to interest and to inspire Burroughs .
As I mentioned Bukowski felt the opposite : the computer got him directly into the writing .
Looking through Burroughs ’ archive suggests another roadblock to the computer .
The archive clearly demonstrates how intimately Burroughs dealt with the materials of print culture .
Burroughs was particularly fascinated by that epitome of mass print culture : the newspaper as well as magazines and journals .
Bukowski was interested in the little magazine and underground paper solely as outlets for his work .
In contrast , Burroughs sought to detourn mass print culture and turn it back on itself .
How mass print culture operated , disseminated , and influenced public opinion intrigued Burroughs .
He was also intensely involved with the materiality of print .
The printed word was an object to be manipulated .
The cut - up and his use of collage in scrapbooks highlight this .
Writing on a computer lacks this materiality .
Of course this is not true as data recovery makes clear .
Even a deleted document leaves a trace burned into the hard drive .
Yet the immediacy of the typewriter biting into paper is not there , to say nothing of the pleasure of the act of handwriting .
Cutting and pasting digitally lacks the obvious physical effort of scissors and glue .
We come back to Burroughs ’ pleasure in the tactile .
Nostalgia plays a large role in Burroughs ’ work .
For all of Burroughs ’ claims of embracing the future , moving towards the space age ( “ We are here to go ! ” ) , he felt strongly the pull of the past .
He looked back fondly at silent films of the 1920s and the same holds true for the print culture of bygone days like boy ’s weeklies .
The digital age supposedly spells the death of print .
Clearly the newspaper as Burroughs knew it is , if not dying , in a profound period of change .
Burroughs would have felt that loss keenly .
The age of the electronic book and the Internet may have been a world that Burroughs predicted but it seems , looking at his archive and his interest in painting , to have been a world he chose not to get involved in and maybe , creatively , could not embrace .
For the most part , Burroughs approached the digital age with what he ultimately sought and demanded in his writing , silence .
Northwest Indiana ’s Premier Law Firm
Always Striving For Service And Results At Tanzillo Stassin & Babcock , P.C .
We are committed to serving individuals and families throughout Indiana and Illinois .
Our attorneys will take the time to understand the unique demands of your case , consider your immediate and future objectives , and develop a tailored legal solution to address your needs .
We offer a broad range of services and are prepared to handle any complex claims or legal issues that may arise .
Our firm puts our clients interests first .
Strategic guidance , trusted counsel , and solid results .
Strategic guidance , trusted counsel , and solid results .
Contact us to schedule a free consultation with an experienced attorney .
Contact us to schedule a free consultation with an experienced attorney .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin made a surprise appearance on Russia 's Muz - TV's ‘ Battle for Respect ’ contest for MCs , graffiti artists , and break - dancers on a music channel in Russia .
He handed out awards , chatted up some hot Russian girls in the audience , and declared his public support of hip - hop .
The Prime Minister , wearing a white turtleneck and dark zippered jacket , drew wild applause when took to the stage and expressed his approval of the program , which promotes a drug - free lifestyle .
He told the audience : " Rap , even urban rap and street rap , is kind of crude , but is filled with social content and addresses the problems of youth . "
He praised other forms of youthful expression : " Graffiti is becoming a real art form – refined and polished .
Break dancing is something completely unique . ”
Putin did n't rap himself , but did manage to garner fresh worldwide attention for Russian hip - hop .
Watch the video here !
The Department of Defense has identified 4,348 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 902 who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Tuesday :
Iraq :
SYLVESTRE , Jonathon M. , 21 , Specialist , Army ; Colorado Springs ; Third Infantry Division .
Afghanistan :
RUIZ , Cesar B. , 26 , Sgt. , Marines ; San Antonio ; Marine Reserves .
A year after launching its economic recovery package , China is more intent than ever on showing that it is its own master .
This may not be good news for Barack Obama .
Despite all the assurances that the US and China have to work together , Obama 's trip reveals a relationship with a strangely lopsided quality to it .
America is still the richer and more powerful nation .
Its military is far ahead of the People 's Liberation Army .
The administration 's international fence - restoration means that it can count on an array of allies , whereas China 's are few and far between , and founded mainly on money .
For all Beijing 's efforts to spread its soft power , it cannot hold a candle to America when it comes to popular culture ; how many Chinese film stars can most people outside Asia name – other than perhaps Jet Li or Jackie Chan ?
Say what you will about delays in closing Guantánamo , but most people would prefer American values to those of a regime that maintains a big repressive apparatus , locks up lawyers who defend ordinary citizens , puts petitioners in " black jails " , imposes crackdowns in Tibet and Xinjiang worthy of British imperialism at its depths and forbids its citizens to watch its national day parade in the streets .
Not to mention the control freakery of the system and the restrictions on information .
Though optimists still saw Obama 's town hall meeting in Shanghai as progress it was a sign of how constrained America allows its freedom of action to be when its leader is on Chinese soil .
But this week in Beijing , Obama has been on the back foot .
Take the main issues of his visit :
• Money .
Like Bush during the war in Iraq , he needs Chinese cash to fund his stimulus package .
Of course , there is another side to this equation .
China would like to put more of its money elsewhere than in dollars but it cannot do so on any significant scale ; it is fair bet that the decision - makers in Beijing do not fancy going into Italian bonds in a big way and there is a limit to the number of mining companies they can buy in Africa or Australia .
• North Korea .
The US depends on China to pull something out of the hat on the nuclear issue .
• Climate change .
As a lawyer who knows when his brief is full of holes , Obama executed a strategic retreat over the Copenhagen conference on his way to Shanghai , which leaves the People 's Republic free to do its own thing in dealing with its huge environmental crisis .
• The currency .
Washington would like Beijing to increase the value of the yuan , but the Chinese fired a pre-emptive strike at the weekend by castigating the combination of a weak dollar and monetary easing in the US , blaming it for the development of the destabilising " carry trade " , and they were right .
• Trade .
As the dollar declines , China is the big winner with its currency pegged to the greenback , its ability to lower input costs and its excess capacity .
• Tibet , Xinjiang and Taiwan .
He had to say something on the first , if only for domestic US reasons .
But he kept it to a minimum and used wording designed not to ruffle Chinese feathers .
China bulls speak of growth hitting 11.9 % growth next year ( such a precise figure immediately causes my eyebrows to twitch ) and others see China 's march to world supremacy as inevitable ( it is noticeable that the triumphalism comes more from western observers than from serious Chinese analysts ) .
I would be more cautious on both counts .
China faces the biggest array of challenges of any administration on earth .
These range from the aforementioned environmental issues to the wealth divide , corruption and the role of the Communist party , the retreat from legal reform , the demographic trap caused by the one - child policy and the increasing life expectancy of the aged .
There is no doubting the short - term success of the administration in Beijing in climbing out of the hole caused from the spluttering of the export - driven economic model framed in the 1980s , but deeper structural reform which China needs appears to have been sidelined into sporadic local experiments .
Hu Jintao and his colleagues have every reason to feel pleased with themselves .
They have steered the economy back to 8 % growth on the back of a huge fiscal and monetary stimulus .
They have $ 2.4tn in foreign exchange reserves .
The social instability which so many observers said would result from unemployment in export factories has not happened .
China is managing its emergence from the crisis extremely well , with massive allocation of resources to projects and a drip - down effect on the rural sector .
In short , the Chinese machine is working , whatever the doubts about its sustainability .
That , after all , is what totalitarian systems are for – they can mobilise on a huge scale while democracies are delayed by due political process .
What this means is that , for all his country 's backwardness in many respects ,
Hu can look Obama in the eye , feeling like a winner who does not need to take any lessons .
It is almost a year since I compared the two men to an odd couple who need one another .
Can the lawyer from Chicago come up with a response to the party - led bureaucracy in Beijing , or will he have to plea bargain ?
Backed by some of the most powerful members of the Senate , a little - noticed provision in the healthcare overhaul bill would require insurers to consider covering Christian Science prayer treatments as medical expenses .
The provision was inserted by Sen. Orrin G. Hatch ( R - Utah ) with the support of Democratic Sens. John F. Kerry and the late Edward M. Kennedy , both of Massachusetts , home to the headquarters of the Church of Christ , Scientist .
The measure would put Christian Science prayer treatments -- which substitute for or supplement medical treatments -- on the same footing as clinical medicine .
While not mentioning the church by name , it would prohibit discrimination against “ religious and spiritual healthcare . ”
It would have a minor effect on the overall cost of the bill -- Christian Science is a small church , and the prayer treatments can cost as little as $ 20 a day .
But it has nevertheless stirred an intense controversy over the constitutional separation of church and state , and the possibility that other churches might seek reimbursements for so - called spiritual healing .
Advertisement
Phil Davis , a senior Christian Science Church official , said prayer treatment was an effective alternative to conventional healthcare .
“ We are making the case for this , believing there is a connection between healthcare and spirituality , ” said Davis , who distributed 11,000 letters last week to Senate officials urging support for the measure .
“ We think this is an important aspect of the solution , when you are talking about not only keeping the cost down , but finding effective healthcare , ” he said .
The provision would apply only to insurance policies offered on a proposed exchange where consumers could shop for plans that meet standards set by the government .
Advertisement
But critics say the measure could have a broader effect , conferring new status and medical legitimacy on practices that lie outside the realm of science .
Annie Laurie Gaylor , co-president of the Freedom From Religion Foundation , a group of atheists and agnostics that promotes separation of church and state , said the opportunity to receive payment for spiritual care could encourage other groups to seek similar status .
“ This would be an absolute invitation to organize , ” Gaylor said .
The Christian Science Church , which was founded in Boston in 1879 , has pushed throughout its history to secure official recognition for its paid prayer practitioners .
Their job , as outlined by the church ’s founder , Mary Baker Eddy , was to pray for healing and charge for treatment at rates similar to those of medical doctors .
Advertisement
In the early 20th century , the church sought recognition from state regulators so the practitioners would not be prosecuted for practicing medicine without a license .
Criminal courts have convicted Christian Scientists in cases where children have died after visiting prayer healers instead of receiving conventional medical care .
The church says no such incidents have occurred for two decades .
About 90 years ago , private insurance companies began paying for Christian Science prayer treatments , but more recently , managed - care insurers declined reimbursements , insisting on paying for care that produced proven medical results .
The Internal Revenue Service allows the cost of the prayer sessions to be counted among itemized medical expenses for income tax purposes -- one of the only religious treatments explicitly identified as deductible by the IRS .
Some federal medical insurance programs , including those for military families , also reimburse for prayer treatment .
The spiritual healing provision was introduced in the House by Rep. John Shimkus ( R - Ill . ) , whose district includes a Christian Science school , Principia College .
Advertisement
Two committees in the House voted to include the measure in their versions of the overhaul , but Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) stripped it from the consolidated House bill last week after a few members argued it was unconstitutional .
Erwin Chemerinsky , dean of the UC Irvine School of Law , said the provision raised serious questions about government support of religion .
“ I think when Congress mandates that health companies provide coverage for prayer , it has the effect of the government advancing religion , ” he said .
The legal issue , however , may not be cut and dried .
Advertisement
Michael McConnell , who heads the Stanford University Constitutional Law Center , said that “ as long as patients are the ones who choose , and religious choices are given no legal preference or advantage , the proposals would appear to be consistent with constitutional standards . ”
In the Senate , the provision is included in a version of the bill drafted by the health committee .
Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) is considering whether to include it in the consolidated bill he will send to the Senate floor .
Kerry ’s spokeswoman , Whitney Smith , disputed that insurers would be forced to cover prayer .
Instead , she said , “ the amendment would prevent insurers from discriminating against benefits that qualify as spiritual care if the care is recognized by the IRS as a legitimate medical expense .
Plans are free to impose standards on spiritual and medical care as long as both are treated equally .
It does not mandate that plans provide spiritual care . ”
Hatch said , “ I offered this amendment because I believe that everyone , regardless of religious affiliation , should have access to healthcare . ”
Advertisement
But Dr. Norman Fost , a pediatrician and medical ethicist at the University of Wisconsin , said the measure went against the goal of reducing healthcare costs by improving evidence - based medical practices .
“ They want a special exception for people who use unproved treatments , and they also want to get paid for it , ” he said .
“ They want people who use prayer to have it just automatically accepted as a legitimate therapy . ”
Christian Science leaders say many critics misunderstand their faith .
Christian Scientists do not reject medical care , church leaders said .
Instead , they promote spiritual healing and do not interfere with decisions about whether to pursue medical help .
Davis has been trained as a practitioner and still occasionally treats the sick .
Advertisement
“ We ’ll talk to them about their relationship to God , ” he said .
“ We ’ll talk to them about citations or biblical passages they might study .
We refer to it as treatment .
It ’s an affirmation of their relationship with God , and the understanding that comes from their prayer , of their relationship with God . ”
During the day , Davis may see multiple patients and pray for them at different moments .
He charges them $ 20 to $ 40 for the day , saying , “ I think that it would be considered modest by any standard . ”
The church , which has seen a steady decline in adherents , does not reveal membership numbers .
It claims between 1,700 and 1,800 congregations in more than 60 countries .
Davis said the church consulted legal experts to develop legislation that was constitutional and consonant with the overall goals of healthcare reform .
It also hired a major Washington law firm , Mayer Brown , to lobby for the provision .
Advertisement
“ We think this is an important aspect of the solution , ” Davis said , arguing that Christian Scientists are leading the fight for all who believe in spiritual healing .
“ We do n’t believe there should be hurdles between an individual and spiritual treatment that could be the most important solution to healthcare in this country . ”
--
tom.hamburger@latimes.com
kim.geiger@latimes.com
Die deutsche Schrift ist weder verdächtig noch geheim .
Deswegen darf sie ein Häftling auch benutzen und damit Briefe aus dem Gefängnis an seine Verlobte schreiben .
So lautet eine jetzt bekannt gewordene Entscheidung des Oberlandesgerichts Celle .
Die Sütterlinschrift , vor 98 Jahren erfunden von dem Berliner Grafiker Ludwig Sütterlin , wurde 1954 zuletzt an deutschen Schulen unterrichtet .
Dass ein erst 37 - jähriger Gefangener sie beherschte , stieß den Bediensteten der Justizvollzugsanstalt Celle sauer auf .
Denn sie hatten seine Briefe zu kontrollieren und standen dabei wie der Ochse vor dem Scheunentor .
Also machten sie dem Gefangenen
vor einem Jahr die Auflage , alle Kosten für eine „ Übersetzung “ der Schreiben übernehmen .
Falls nicht , würden die zuückgehalten .
Dieser Ansicht ist der 1 . Strafsenat des Oberlandesgerichts nicht ( AZ : 1 Ws 248/09 ) .
Im Gegenteil .
Immerhin sei Sütterlin die „ Deutsche Schreibschrift “ gewesen , die erst
1941 nach und nach durch die „ Deutsche Normalschrift “ , eine lateinische
Schreibschrift , ersetzt wurde .
Und dann nimmt der Srenat die Gefägnisverwaltung auseinander :
Wenn also schon keine Geheimschrift vom Häftling verwendet wurde , dann bleibe doch nur noch der tatbestand , dass die Schrift „ unlesbar “ sei .
Nach welchen Kriterien sich die Lesbarkeit eines Schreibens aber beurteilt , „ ist im Gesetz nicht geregelt . “
Es gebe in Deutschland keine verbindlichen Vorschriften darüber , welche Schriftart im Schriftverkehr zu verwenden ist .
Gefunden hat der Senat nur Regelungen der Bundesländer darüber , welche Schriften im schulischen Schreibunterricht gelehrt werden – nämlich nach heutigem Stand die Druckschrift als Erstschrift sowie die „ Lateinische Ausgangsschrift “ .
Zwar sei Sütterlin zwar schon seit Jahrzehnten nicht mehr Grundlage des Schreibunterrichts an deutschen Schulen , könne aber „ nach wie vor von weiten
Teilen der Bevölkerung zumindest gelesen werden “ .
Unstreitig , so schiebt der Senat der Gefängnisverwaltung mit ihrer Forderung böse Absicht unter , seien auch Bedienstete in der Lage , Sütterlin zu lesen : „ Dies mag sich in Zukunft ändern , derzeit ist es aber noch Stand der gesellschaftlichen Entwicklung “ .
Die Kosten des Verfahrens trägt der Staat . ( pbd )
A couple who want to become the first heterosexuals in Britain to have a civil partnership said they would begin a legal challenge after a council refused their request today .
Tom Freeman and Katherine Doyle , both 25 , want the same legal rights as any husband and wife , but said they did not want to be seen to be " colluding with the segregation that exists in matrimonial law between gay civil partnerships and straight civil marriage " .
The couple applied for a civil partnership at Islington register office , in north London , but were refused because UK law bans opposite - sex civil partnerships .
Freeman and Doyle , who are supported by the human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell , plan to seek legal advice .
" If necessary , we are ready to take our appeal all the way to the European court of human rights , " said Freeman , a civil servant .
In a joint statement , the pair said they were " saddened and disappointed " that they had been refused because of their sexuality .
" In a democratic state , all institutions should be open to all people , " the statement added .
Tatchell said the couple had a " tough legal battle " ahead of them , adding that they would " need lots of support " .
" This is the first ever challenge to the ban on heterosexual couples having a civil partnership , " he said .
" Tom and Katherine will first have to challenge this refusal through the British courts and , if this fails , then appeal to the European court of human rights in Strasbourg .
" Although I have spent much of my life campaigning against homophobia , I am equally opposed to heterophobic discrimination .
I applaud Katherine and Tom and support their bid for heterosexual equality . "
An Islington council spokesman said the law " dictates that a civil partnership is only for couples of the same sex " .
He added : " The council must follow the law , of course , and so we have not been able to accept Mr Freeman and Ms Doyle 's application for a civil partnership . "
In his time the Duke of Edinburgh has described the Chinese as " slitty - eyed " , and the Hungarians as " pot- bellied " .
In 1969 the duke was said to have annoyed Tom Jones after the Royal Variety Performance by asking : " What do you gargle with , pebbles ? "
He added the following day : " It is very difficult at all to see how it is possible to become immensely valuable by singing what I think are the most hideous songs . "
At a WWF meeting in 1986 ( he was international president ) , he said : " If it has got four legs and it 's not a chair ... the Cantonese will eat it . "
In 1995 , he asked a Scottish driving instructor : " How do you keep the natives off the booze long enough to pass the test ? "
After the Dunblane massacre in 1996 he declared a member of a shooting club was no more potentially dangerous than a cricketer , and also wondered why the unemployed cannot make up their mind whether they want more leisure time or not .
He also upset residents of Lockerbie when on a visit to the town in 1993 , he said to a man who lived in a road where 11 people had been killed by wreckage from the Pan Am jumbo jet : " People usually say that after a fire it is water damage that is the worst .
We are still trying to dry out Windsor Castle . "
On a visit to China in 1986 he told British students : " If you stay here much longer you 'll all be slitty - eyed . "
In 1999 , he angered deaf people with a comment about a Caribbean music band .
During a visit to the Welsh Assembly , the Duke met a group from the British Deaf Association , pointed to the musicians , and said : " Deaf ?
If you are near there , no wonder you are deaf . "
In 2002 he asked an Australian Aborigine if he was " Still throwing spears ? "
Long line of princely blunders
" British women can't cook . " - 1966
" The bastards murdered half my family . " ­ Response when asked whether he would approve of a visit to the Soviet Union , 1967 .
" Everybody was saying we must have more leisure .
Now theyare complaining they are unemployed . " ­ Comment made during the depths of the recession , 1981 .
" You are a woman , are n't you ? " ­
While accepting a gift from a Kenyan woman , 1984 .
" If you stay here much longer you 'll all be slitty - eyed . " ­
When meeting a group of British students during a state visit to China , 1986 .
" You can't have been here that long - you have n't got a pot belly " .
- Comments to a Briton the Prince met in Hungary in 1993
" Are n't most of you descended from pirates ? "
To an islander in the Cayman Islands in 1994
" How do you keep the natives off the booze long enough to get them through the test ? " ­
To a driving instructor in Oban , Scotland , during a royal walkabout , 1995 .
" Are you Indian or Pakistani ?
I can never tell the difference between you chaps . "
The Prince at Washington Embassy reception for Commonwealth members
" You look as if you 're ready for bed . " -
The Prince greets the Nigerian secretary - general of the Commonwealth , who was dressed up in ceremonial robes
" Well , you 'll never fly in it , you 're too fat to be an astronaut . " - Comment to a 13 - year - old boy after his dreams of space exploration are dashed .
" You managed not to get eaten then ? " ­
To a student who had been trekking in Papua New Guinea , 1998 .
" If it has got four legs and it is not a chair , if it has got two wings and it flies but is not an aeroplane , and if it swims and it is not a submarine , the Cantonese will eat it . "
- Comment at a 1986 World Wildlife Fund meeting
" Do you know they 're now producing eating dogs for anorexics ? " - Comment to a blind woman with a guide dog .
" It looks as though it was put in by an Indian . " ­
On seeing a fuse box at a factory in Edinburgh , 1999 .
" It 's a pleasure to be in a country that is n't ruled by its people . " -- Comment to Paraguayan dictator Alfredo Stroessner
" You could smuggle a bottle of gin out of the country in that artificial foot . "
To disabled comedian Adam Hills who has a prosthetic limb in December 2009
Belfast Telegraph
Seg�n Telmex , quien refiere a la consultora internacional Teligen , sus precios " son los m�s bajos para las canastas de consumo residencial medio y alto "
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 14 de diciembre de 2009
Notimex | El Universal
20:40
Recently appointed minister for the environment Gusti Muhammad Hatta has a vast task ahead of him .
Despite considerable talk and the introduction some tough new protection measures in the past few years , there are few signs of any improvement in the state of the nation 's environment .
Hardly a week goes by without the publication of yet another depressing report , highlighting the rapid decline in the health of this country 's natural resources .
It would be hard for any new minister to know where to start .
But Hatta has pledged to pay particular attention to climate change , forest fires and critical river basins during his first 100 days in office .
Rapid population growth and appalling misuse that is unsustainable have seriously decreased the environmental quality water in Indonesia .
Experts say that if these problems are not immediately addressed , chronic water pol ...
Epic Launches Free Unreal Development Kit Gears of War and Unreal developer Epic Games today released its Unreal Engine 3 dev tools as a free download , aimed at providing noncommercial and educational use of the technology di
The 563MB Unreal Development Kit can be found on FileShack , with various Unreal Tournament 3 assets included to help you get started .
Two UDK - crafted sample games are also available : Psyonix 's vertical puzzler Whizzle and Toltec 's The Ball .
" I 'm excited about the possibilities the Unreal Development Kit opens to those who are looking to get into the game business but do n't otherwise have the means to acquire world - class technology and tools like ours , " said Epic VP Mark Rein .
" UDK is Unreal Engine 3 , which has been used to create games in a wide range of genres , as well as military simulations , 3D architectural walkthroughs , animated movies and more . "
Among the numerous titles powered by Unreal Engine 3 are Epic 's own Gears of War 2 and Unreal Tournament 3 , Chair 's Shadow Complex , Rocksteady 's Batman : Arkham Asylum , Gearbox 's Borderlands , Swordfish 's 50 Cent : Blood on the Sand , and the hospitality training software Virtual Heroes crafted for Hilton Garden employees .
In its present form , content created with the Unreal Development Kit is only usable on PC , with Epic noting that PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 support is " under consideration . "
The tools include many " features and technological enhancements ... that have yet to be seen in an Unreal Engine game , " claims Epic .
The company further pledged that it will be supporting the Unreal Development Kit with continuous upgraded builds .
Alongside the tools , Epic released more than two - hundred pages of documentation via the Unreal Developer Network , launched dedicated forums , and offered up licensing details for those seeking to use the technology in a commercial application .
An unusual compound of xenon and hydrogen has been made under high pressure by researchers in the US .
Thought to be held together by van der Waals forces alone , the compound may shed new light on how molecules interact under very high pressure .
Led by Russell Hemley at the Carnegie Institution of Washington in Washington DC , the team were trying to encourage hydrogen gas to change to a solid metallic phase by doping it with xenon and squeezing the mix in a diamond anvil cell .
’ Instead , we were surprised to discover a new xenon - hydrogen compound with an unusual structure , ’ Hemley told Chemistry World .
Although the noble gases are famously unreactive , chemists have been able to cook up hundreds of noble gas compounds over the years .
’ Most gas mixtures can be forced into a solid phase under enough pressure - but commonly the packing is disordered and arranged in a way to minimise the volume and free energy , ’ explains lead author Maddury Somayazulu .
Here , it was different , as a regularly - packed compound , stoichiometrically Xe( H 2 ) 7 , began to form at around 40,000 atmospheres .
’ We were even more surprised to find that it was not single xenon atoms surrounded by hydrogen molecules as you might expect , ’ says Somayazulu .
’ We observed dumbbell - like dimers of xenon interspersed in a lattice of hydrogen . ’
The structure of the compound was revealed by x-ray diffraction , Raman and infra-red spectroscopy , but a detailed explanation for the bonding in the compound is a challenge for the future .
’ We do n’t fully understand why this structure forms , ’ Hemley says .
’ It is obviously a very delicate interplay of van der Waals forces and weak covalent or possibly charge transfer interactions . ’
The research opens up a new window into xenon chemistry , and may help to explain the so - called ’ xenon deficit ’ - the observation that xenon gas is present in the atmosphere in lower amounts than expected .
One possibility is that during early formation of the planet , high pressures may have produced xenon compounds that are now locked away underground .
This may be plausible since the compound appears to be quite stable , remaining intact even under a crushing 2.5 million atmospheres of pressure .
Leonid Khriachtchev , who works on low temperature xenon compounds at the University of Helsinki , Finland , is interested by the research .
’ It is well known that high pressures create a new physical world , changing many properties of matter to benefit noble - gas chemistry , ’ he says .
’ Unfortunately , the Xe - H chemical bond has not been found in the studied system , but hopefully experiments at somewhat different conditions will be more successful in this respect . ’
Lewis Brindley
( Jerusalem ) - Israeli authorities in East Jerusalem should immediately stop demolishing Palestinian homes in violation of international law , Human Rights Watch said today .
In the week beginning October 27 , 2009 , Jerusalem municipal authorities used bulldozers to demolish five residences , while thousands more Palestinians are threatened with demolition of their homes .
In the demolitions of the five buildings from October 27 to November 2 , Israeli authorities displaced 57 Palestinian residents , including many children .
Three other buildings were partly demolished .
Israeli authorities justified destroying the homes primarily on the grounds that the owners lacked building permits , which are extremely difficult for Palestinians to obtain .
" The Israeli government is depriving Palestinians of the right to live in their own homes , in neighborhoods where many have lived for generations , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
" Basing this cruel destruction of people 's homes on unfairly applied building regulations is a thinly veiled legal façade to force them to move out . "
Israel has forcibly evicted or demolished the homes of more than 600 Palestinians , half of them children , in the West Bank and East Jerusalem this year , according to the United Nations .
Israel 's imposition of its building laws on Palestinians in occupied territory violates international humanitarian law protections for private property .
Its application of the building permits law is discriminatory and is an arbitrary and unlawful interference in the home under international human rights law .
Jerusalem municipal authorities demolished three Palestinian - owned buildings on November 2 , displacing 31 people .
Residents of the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Abu Tor told Human Rights Watch that at 8 a.m. , two bulldozers demolished the homes of the al - Shwaike and al - Qawasmi families , displacing 14 people .
The buildings , joined by a common wall , were built in 1982 .
" We did n't even know the building was going to be destroyed before it happened , " said Haroun al - Qawasmi , who lived in one of the buildings with his wife and four adult children .
" There were scores of soldiers there , and they told us that we had built the house without a permit . "
Tareq al - Shwaike said that he was not informed of any demolition order before his family 's adjoining building was destroyed , displacing him , his wife and three children , his mother , his sister and her husband .
" The municipality told me I have to clean up the ruins of what they destroyed or else I 'll have to pay when they do it , " al - Shwaike said .
The third home , in the Beit Hanina neighborhood of East Jerusalem , was destroyed at around 2 p.m. Human Rights Watch was unable to contact residents of the building , but according to initial reports by the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and by Al Maqdese , a Palestinian nongovernmental organization based in East Jerusalem , the demolition displaced approximately 17 members of the Rajaby family .
On October 27 , Israeli authorities demolished two homes in East Jerusalem , and partly destroyed three others .
Residents of a two - story building in the Sur Baher neighborhood of East Jerusalem told Human Rights Watch that scores of Israeli soldiers and police officers surrounded the building at 5:15 a.m. and ordered the residents to leave immediately .
The authorities did not allow the residents time to remove their furniture or other belongings before three bulldozers demolished the building , which housed 17 members of an extended family , including five children .
" Soldiers entered our house without asking and detained my daughters and sons , " said one resident who did not want his name used .
" We only had time to get our clothes . "
He said the building 's first floor was built 11 years ago , and a second floor was added later to accommodate the owner 's married children .
A second resident said that his family had owned the land on which the house was built for at least three generations .
The residents said the family had spent 150,000 shekels ( US $ 37,500 ) over the years in failed attempts to obtain a permit for their home .
At 9 a.m. on the same day , Israeli authorities demolished the East Jerusalem home of a 73 - year - old Palestinian woman and her 32 - year - old son , who did not want to be named .
The son said he had constructed the building from pieces of wood and metal sheeting after Israeli authorities demolished their initial home on the site in 2006 .
" We have been living on this site for 40 years , " he said .
" They destroyed our first house because we did n't have a permit .
So I put up the zinco ( sheet metal ) building .
It was n't a permanent building , just a hut . "
He received a first demolition order in May and a second one in September .
" I can't afford a lawyer so I went to the court myself , but they told me , ‘ You do n't have a file here . ' "
He was afraid the authorities would punish him further by fining him for the demolition .
East Jerusalem includes more than 70 square kilometers of the West Bank that Israel annexed to its territory in 1967 , and remains occupied territory under international law .
The Fourth Geneva Convention of 1949 regarding occupied territories prohibits the occupying power from destroying private property unless such destruction is " rendered absolutely necessary by military operations . "
Israeli authorities state that house demolitions are carried out against homes that have been built illegally without official building permits .
However , a UN report published in April found that it is extremely difficult for Palestinian residents to obtain such permits under Israeli law , which Israel applies to annexed parts of the West Bank in violation of international law .
The UN estimated that roughly 60,000 Palestinians in East Jerusalem currently live in buildings that the Israeli government has designated illegal .
A December 2008 report by the European Union ( EU ) found that Israel was " actively pursuing the illegal annexation of East Jerusalem " by means including the construction of Jewish - only settlements and demolitions of Palestinian houses .
The European Union report concluded that Israel 's housing policies in East Jerusalem unlawfully discriminate against Palestinian residents .
Like Israeli citizens , Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem may obtain building permits only for buildings in areas zoned for construction .
The Palestinian population makes up over 60 percent of East Jerusalem 's population , but the Israeli government has zoned only 12 percent for Palestinian construction , according to the EU report .
Even in this small zoned area , many Palestinians could not afford to complete the application process for building permits , which is complicated and expensive .
In contrast , Israel unlawfully expropriated 35 percent of East Jerusalem for the construction of Jewish settlements , for which building permits are much easier to obtain .
Since November 2007 , Israel approved building permits for 3,000 housing units for Jewish settlers in East Jerusalem , as opposed to fewer than 400 building permits for Palestinian residents , according to the EU report .
Government policy , as stated in the Local Outline Plan for Jerusalem 2000 , approved by Jerusalem 's Local Committee for Planning and Building in 2006 , calls for a ratio of 70 percent Jews to 30 percent Arabs in the Jerusalem municipality , including annexed parts of the West Bank .
The Fourth Geneva Convention prohibits the occupying power from transferring its own population to the occupied territory .
" The Israeli government is destroying the homes of Palestinian families and causing unnecessary suffering so that it can expand illegal Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem , " Whitson said .
" Israel needs to respect the basic rights of Palestinian families to property and housing . "
Human Rights
Watch interviewed other East Jerusalem residents whose homes were partly or completely demolished in three separate incidents on October 27 .
Israeli authorities may impose heavy fines for illegal construction on Palestinians whose homes they bulldoze , so some East Jerusalem residents have " self - demolished " their homes to avoid financial penalties .
One resident had begun but not completed " self - demolishing " his building when it was bulldozed , and was afraid of being fined by Israeli authorities .
Another family whose home was demolished was still paying a fine of 60,000 shekels ( US $ 15,000 ) for illegal construction .
The Jerusalem municipality spokesperson 's office did not immediately respond to Human Rights Watch 's request for comment on the demolitions .
According to the municipality 's website , " The Municipality of Jerusalem demolishes buildings or parts of buildings for reasons of urban planning , not for security matters . . .
Municipal policy is to issue demolition orders only where illegal buildings are not yet occupied and where they interfere with plans for public facilities such as schools or roads , or with the city 's historical heritage . "
Israel 's policy of demolishing the homes of Palestinians in East Jerusalem on the basis of difficult - to - obtain building permits , while facilitating the construction and growth of nearby Jewish settlements , is also discriminatory under international law .
The prohibition against discrimination is spelled out in Article 2 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and codified in the major human rights treaties that Israel has ratified , including the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , and the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights ( ICESCR ) .
Ongoing and repeated home demolitions prevent residents of East Jerusalem from enjoying the right not to be subjected to arbitrary or unlawful state interference with one 's home and the right to adequate housing .
The UN Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , which monitors the compliance of states with the ICESCR , has stated that " the right to housing should not be interpreted in a narrow or restrictive sense which equates it with , for example , the shelter provided by merely having a roof over one 's head or views shelter exclusively as a commodity .
Rather it should be seen as the right to live somewhere in security , peace and dignity . "
The BBC 's director general , Mark Thompson , today robustly defends the corporation 's decision to invite the BNP leader , Nick Griffin , on to Question Time , and challenges the government to change the law if it wants to censor the far - right group .
Writing in the Guardian , Thompson says ministers would have to impose a broadcasting ban on the party – as Margaret Thatcher did with Sinn Féin in the 1980s – before the BBC would consider breaching its " central principle of impartiality " .
Griffin was not asked on to the flagship current affairs show out of " some misguided desire to be controversial " , he says , but because it is the public 's right " to hear the full range of political perspectives " .
He adds : " It is a straightforward matter of fact that … the BNP has demonstrated a level of support which would normally lead to an occasional invitation to join the panel on Question Time .
It is for that reason alone … that the invitation has been extended . "
In what appears a direct challenge to the cabinet – including the Wales secretary , Peter Hain , who has argued vociferously for Griffin 's invitation to be rescinded – Thompson says : " The case against inviting the BNP to appear on Question Time is a case for censorship … Democratic societies sometimes do decide that some parties and organisations are beyond the pale .
As a result they proscribe them and / or ban them from the airwaves . "
Referring to the ban on Sinn Féin in the 1980s , he says the BBC opposed the move by the Thatcher government , but abided by it .
The corporation would similarly abide by a decision to proscribe the BNP .
" My point is simply that the drastic steps of proscription and censorship can only be taken by government and parliament …
It is unreasonable and inconsistent to take the position that a party like the BNP is acceptable enough for the public to vote for , but not acceptable enough to appear on democratic platforms like Question Time .
If there is a case for censorship , it should be debated and decided in parliament .
Political censorship cannot be outsourced to the BBC or anyone else . "
Thompson says the BNP will be challenged tenaciously on the programme .
Hain described Thompson 's position as " plain wrong " .
He said : " He is dodging the fact the BNP is a racist , fascist party in complete contradiction to the BBC 's own equal opportunities and anti-racist policies .
The BBC are in total denial about their gifting of a massive early Christmas present to the BNP .
This is probably the worst decision the BBC has made in recent times . "
Following an emergency meeting last night , the BBC Trust rejected appeals against Griffin 's invitation to appear on the programme , saying it was " a question of editorial judgment " .
Griffin , who is an MEP , arrived in London from Strasbourg and will begin preparations for the show at a secret location this morning before travelling to Television Centre by car in time for the planned 6 pm recording .
The BNP is so concerned about its leader 's security that it explored chartering a private helicopter to get him to the studio , but was told by the BBC there was nowhere for it to land .
Anti-fascist protesters are planning a rally outside Television Centre with members of the broadcasting union Bectu .
Griffin told the Guardian he admired Thompson 's " personal courage " by inviting him .
He described one of his fellow panellists , the Conservative peer Lady Warsi , as " a token Asian Muslim woman " and , in a message to supporters , said the debate was his chance to " take on the corrupt , treacherous swine destroying our beautiful island nation " .
He predicted it would be " political bloodsport " when he faces Warsi , Jack Straw , the justice secretary , Chris Huhne , the Lib Dem home affairs spokesman , and Bonnie Greer , a black American playwright and critic who lives in Britain .
Ben Bradshaw , the culture secretary , said : " I have always thought we have to take the BNP on .
I have always thought they condemn themselves as soon as they open their mouths .
In a democracy where they have elected representatives not just at European level but at local level it is very difficult for a broadcaster to exclude them …
We should not give these people the opportunity to claim they are being gagged . "
Researchers at the U. of Sydney say they have come up with a way to boost solar cell efficiency limit of c - Si and a - Si solar cells to 50 % under the standard solar spectrum — an increase of roughly a third — using a process called “ upconversion . ”
The work , published in the journal Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics , aims to increase efficiency in crystalline and amorphous silicon solar cells through application of synthesized sensitizer and emitter molecules .
Such “ single - threshold ” materials “ produces voltage by promoting electrons above this threshold upon absorption of light , ” explained paper co-author Tim Schmidt ; photons with energy below that threshold ca n’t be harvested , and any energy above that threshold is lost through heat , he added .
Maximum efficiency of single - threshold PV converters is about 30 % , the group notes .
One proposed way to improve that is to place an upconverting material behind the cell , to convert low subthreshold photons into usable light ; such a cell would have an efficiency limit of > 50 % , though best - recorded efficiency has been ∼ 10 - 6 .
Their work specifically focuses on using “ triplet - triplet annihilation ” in organic molecules .
When two triplet emitter molecules encounter each other , the result is either a singlet , triplet , or quintet spin state ; if a singlet ( 1:9 chance ) , it converts to a lower energy state and fluoresces , yielding “ upconverted ” light .
Applying this “ upconversion ” method , the group says , results in striking improvements : efficiency limit “ under the standard solar spectrum ” of over 50 % , and up to 63 % under 100 - fold solar concentration .
From the paper abstract :
Emitter triplet states are produced through triplet energy transfer from sensitizer molecules excited with low energy photons .
The triplet emitter molecules undergo triplet - triplet annihilation to yield excited singlet states which emit upconverted fluorescence .
Experiments comparing the 560nm prompt fluorescence when rubrene emitter molecules are excited directly , using 525 nm laser pulses , to the delayed , upconverted fluorescence when the porphyrin sensitizer molecules are excited with 670nm laser pulses reveal annihilation efficiencies to produce excited singlet emitters in excess of 20 % .
Conservative measurements reveal a 25 % annihilation efficiency , while a direct comparison between the prompt and delayed fluorescence yield suggests a value as high as 33 % .
Due to fluorescence quenching , the photon upconversion efficiencies are lower , at 16 % .
( Read more from Photovoltaics World at electroIQ.com )
Capcom announced today that it would be working together with Plan B Entertainment on turning the upcoming action game Dark Void into a feature - film .
Plan B Entertainment is wholly owned by Brad Pitt , with Capcom stating that the movie is a “ potential starring vehicle for Pitt . ”
Senior Vice President of Licensing at Capcom , Germaine Gioia , has stated that “ as a game , Dark Void was developed with a wide - screen mentality – a world full of adventure presented in cinematic scope and scale .
Plan B recognized the potential of our newest property and are as excited about bringing Dark Void to life in cinemas as Capcom is to bring the interactive experience to home theaters . ”
A potential release window for the movie was not mentioned .
Has courage broken out in the NFL ?
This weekend , team after team went for it on fourth down , eschewing fraidy - cat kicks .
( Only in sportswriting can you get away with " eschewing . " )
Pittsburgh went for it on fourth - and - goal in Chicago and scored a touchdown .
Houston went for it on fourth - and - 2 , converted , and eventually scored a touchdown on the drive ; the Texans went for it again on fourth - and - 1 from the Tennessee 15 - yard line with five minutes remaining in a tie game , converted , and scored the winning field goal on that possession after grinding down the clock .
Washington went for it twice on fourth - and - 1 on its final possession , converting the first time , failing the second time -- but the failure left St. Louis pinned on its own 4 at the two - minute warning .
Atlanta went for it on fourth - and - 1 from the Carolina 21 , converted , and soon after scored what proved to be the winning touchdown .
Buffalo went for it on fourth - and - 1 from its own 36 -- what did Dick " Cheerio , Chaps " Jauron have for breakfast ? -- converted , and scored a field goal on the possession .
Minnesota went for it on fourth - and - 2 with 2:18 remaining , and the conversion iced the game .
Overall in Week 2 , there were 34 fourth - down conversion attempts -- some in desperation time when coaches had no choice , but most when kicking was a reasonable option .
Of course , some of the tries backfired .
The Buccaneers were stuffed on a key fourth - and - 1 attempt , for instance .
Courage was n't universal -- several teams launched punts on fourth - and - short .
Pittsburgh 's fourth - quarter missed field goal came on a fourth - and - 2 ; the game might have been very different had the Steelers gone for it .
Cincinnati beat Green Bay despite punting on fourth - and - 2 from midfield and on fourth - and - 1 from the Packers ' 35 .
Bill Belichick , of all people , ordered mincing fraidy - cat Maroon Zone punts on fourth - and - 7 from the Jersey / B 36 and on fourth - and - 5 from the Jersey / B 44 .
OK , New England 's punt on fourth - and - 34 , that one I understood .
But teams that launch punts in the Maroon Zone generally go on to lose , and the Patriots did .
The punt from the Jets ' 36 even went into the end zone , netting just 16 yards of field position .
In Week 2's lowest moment , taking the field riding an 18 - game losing streak , trailing by a touchdown in the second half , Detroit punted on fourth - and - 2 from the Minnesota 42 .
The public - address system should have broadcast the sound of a chicken chuckling buck - buck - brawckkkkkkk ; the football gods punished the Cowardly Lions by helping the Vikings return the kick to the 29 , netting only 13 yards of field position .
But overall this weekend , NFL coaches were less timorous than usual .
Why this sudden burst of manhood ?
Maybe the statistical arguments in favor of going for it on fourth down are finally catching on .
Back in 2006 , I detailed why probabilities favor going for it on many fourth - down situations .
Back in 2007 , I asked AccuScore to run thousands of computer simulations of NFL games using a go - for - it metric ; going for it much of the time added one win per season to a team 's record , and one win is often the difference between the playoffs and the couch in January in the NFL .
Here in 2007 I wrote about Pulaski Academy in Arkansas , a perennial playoff - caliber high school team that almost never punts .
And note two years ago I credited the source who first told me about Pulaski , unlike Sports Illustrated , which last week wrote about the same school 's non-punting as if the magazine had just uncovered an original story .
This analysis by Brian Burke ( see , Sports Illustrated , it 's not painful to credit others ) of the benefits of going on fourth - and - short has also been making the rounds lately in football circles .
All four parts are well worth reading , especially if you 're interested in the intersection of economic theory and athletics .
As the first 2007 article linked to above argued in detail , football teams usually should go for it on fourth - and - 4 or less in opposition territory , and on fourth - and - short in their own territory .
Yes , occasionally this will backfire -- but over the course of the season , your team will score more points ( owing to sustained possessions ) while the opposition scores fewer points ( owing to fewer possessions ) .
But forget fourth - and - 4 -- just think about fourth - and - 1 . Since roughly 75 percent of fourth - and - 1 attempts are successful -- on Sunday , 82 percent of fourth - and - 1 tries succeeded -- TMQ continues to marvel that NFL and big - college coaches so often launch kicks when only a yard is needed .
I continue to think that avoiding criticism is the explanation .
The sports - talk world -- and hence , owners and boosters -- insist on believing that going for it on fourth down is a " huge gamble . "
Actually , most of the time it 's playing the percentages correctly .
In political news , Barack Obama surely is the best public speaker since Ronald Reagan , probably is the best speaker since Winston Churchill , and perhaps is the best public speaker ever .
He tells a joke better than Churchill !
Or Socrates .
But though Obama speaks well , TMQ thinks he is speaking way too much .
It 's not just that he was on five news talk shows on Sunday , then on " The Late Show with David Letterman " on Monday night .
The substantive speeches , too , have gotten out of hand .
Granting interviews and making speeches rather than governing is a temptation for presidents , and Obama seems to be yielding to that temptation .
See more below .
Stats of the Week No. 1 : Drew Brees is on pace to throw 72 touchdown passes this season .
The NFL record , held by Tom Brady , is 50 .
Stats of the Week No. 2 : New Orleans is on pace to score 744 points this season .
The NFL record , held by New England , is 589 .
Stats of the Week No. 3 : Going back to the beginning of last season , the Tennessee Titans have followed a 13 - 2 stretch with a streak of 0 - 4 .
Stats of the Week No. 4 : Going back to the beginning of last season , the Tampa Bay Bucs have followed a 9 - 3 stretch with a streak of 0 - 6 .
Stats of the Week No. 5 : In their first two games , the St. Louis Rams have faced third - and - 11 , third - and - 12 , third - and - 14 , third - and - 16 , third - and - 20 and third - and - 22 .
Stats of the Week No. 6 : Since the start of the 2008 season , Ben Roethlisberger has been sacked 62 times .
In that same period , Jay Cutler has been sacked 15 times .
Stats of the Week No. 7 : Cleveland has one offensive touchdown in its past eight games .
Stats of the Week No. 8 : ( Bonus college stat . )
Fresno State gained 507 yards , had 320 yards rushing , dominated the time of possession and was only minus - one in turnovers against Boise State -- and lost by 17 points .
Stats of the Week No. 9 : Buffalo undrafted free agent Fred Jackson from academics - oriented Division III Coe College has 464 rushing and receiving yards combined in his past three regular - season games .
Stats of the Week No. 10 : On Monday night Miami rushed for 239 yards , had a 3 - 1 time of possession advantage , committed only one turnover , and lost .
[+]
Enlarge Courtesy of Denver Broncos Candace Wilson of the Broncos .
While working her construction job , she must have learned about wind machines .
Cheerleader of the Week : Matt Callanan of Salt Lake City nominates Candace Wilson of the Broncos cheerleaders .
According to her team bio , Wilson is an account manager for a medical sales firm , and grew up doing construction work during the summers in her dad 's Ohio firm .
That 's where the ripped abs come from !
This year 's warm - to - the - touch Broncos cheerleader calendar was shot in Steamboat Springs , Colo. , which meant a lot of the posing had to be indoors .
Sweet Play of the Week No. 1 : On the first New Orleans touchdown in Philadelphia -- by the way , the Saints already have 12 touchdowns this season -- Reggie Bush lined up wide right , then went in deep motion left .
Drew Brees faked a toss to Bush , while the Saints ' left tackle and left guard pulled left ahead of Bush .
All the Eagles bought this fake ; Brees rolled out right and hit Marques Colston for a touchdown on a down - and - out .
Colston would later make another catch for a touchdown with 43 seconds remaining in the first half , when he was inexplicably single - covered deep , with no safety in sight , despite Philadelphia having six men in coverage against three receivers .
It is , shall we say , SUPER - ULTRA -OBVIOUS that Philadelphia 's defensive weakness is rookie free safety Macho Harris , who simply stood like topiary around the 10 - yard line on this play -- the Eagles may end up regretting showing the door to Brian Dawkins .
Saints - Eagles Note 1 : A deflected Kevin Kolb pass was spiraling toward New Orleans ' Anthony Hargrove , who had a likely interception .
As the ball arrived , Philadelphia guard Max Jean - Gilles shoved Hargrove in the chest , knocking the pass down .
As a result , a guard gets credited for a pass defensed !
Saints - Eagles Note 2 : New Orleans was called for running into the kicker on a made field goal .
Andy Reid declined the penalty , keeping the three points on the board ; the penalty would have made it fourth - and - goal on the New Orleans 2 .
When you 're playing the high - scoring Saints , field goals will not get it done , and Philadelphia went on to lose by 26 .
Saints - Eagles Note 3 : Once again , Bush waved the ball in the air before crossing the goal line .
The football gods punish this sort of thing .
Sweet Play of the Week No. 2 : With Carolina leading 10 - 7 , Atlanta reached the Cats ' 10 .
Rarely used Falcons running back Jason Snelling entered the game .
Surely he's in to block , right ?
TMQ loves the tactic of bringing in a guy who never plays , then calling something for him .
Tony Gonzalez ran into the left flat , drawing defenders ;
Snelling ran behind him , then cut to the center of the field .
The result ?
An easy touchdown pass to the uncovered Snelling .
AP Photo / Ed Zurga The Chiefs need to reverse their losing psychology .
The Chiefs ' cheerleaders ' psychology is just fine .
Sour Play of the Week : Kansas City was at the Oakland 9 - yard line with 14 seconds remaining in the first half , out of timeouts , game tied .
Matt Cassel threw a flare pass to running back Dantrell Savage , who was tackled inbounds after a short gain -- the clock expired while the Chiefs were trying to rush up to the line , denying them a field goal attempt in a game the Chiefs ultimately lost by three points .
Lacking a timeout with 14 seconds left , you throw only into the end zone !
Plus , even if the running back had gotten out of bounds , the Chiefs still would have kicked on the next snap anyway .
This is the kind of football IQ stuff that quarterbacks who just signed a deal for $ 28 million guaranteed are supposed to know .
Sour Note : New Kansas City coach Todd Haley went for it on fourth - and - 2 from the Oakland 39 , and converted .
Reaching fourth - and - 1 on the Oakland 5 on the same drive , Haley elected to kick a field goal .
Kansas
City racked up 173 yards rushing in this contest -- why not go for it on fourth - and - 1 on the 5 , either advancing for a touchdown or pinning the opponent against its goal line ?
Kansas
City is stuck in a losing psychology , which wo n't be reversed by field goals on fourth - and - 1 . Fashion Note :
Whenever he went to the sideline , Oakland quarterback JaMarcus Russell put a ski cap on his head .
The temperature at kickoff was 73 degrees .
Arrowhead Stadium Note :
There were so few people at the game in Jacksonville it was hard to hear the booing , but man , could you hear it in Kansas City .
Sweet ' N ' Sour Play No. 1 : San Diego won its opener on a touchdown run up the middle by Darren Sproles with 18 seconds remaining .
This week , San Diego trailed Baltimore by five , with 37 seconds remaining , and the Bolts faced fourth - and - 2 on the Ravens ' 15 .
San Diego tried to run Sproles up the middle , and Baltimore 's Ray Lewis , remembering what San Diego did the previous week in that situation -- the Chargers had also run up the middle on two previous short - yardage downs in the second half -- guessed the play correctly , shot the " A " gap between guard and center , and dropped Sproles for a loss , ending the game .
That was sweet .
No one from San Diego even attempted to block Lewis .
That was sour .
The Bolts had two offensive linemen pulling right ; Sproles was supposed to run " underneath " them , with the play designed to make Baltimore think the run was going right when actually it was going up the middle .
The result was plenty of blocking on the right , but no blocker in the " A " gap .
When you watch the ball on this play , it appears that Lewis did something spectacular -- somehow he got into the backfield to tackle the runner for a game - winning play !
Take your eyes off the ball and instead watch Lewis -- all he does is run straight ahead at the snap through an opening left by the San Diego offensive line .
No one so much as stepped into his path .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Phil Coale
It 's pretty fun to run the length of the field for a touchdown when all the guys chasing you are twice your size .
Sweet ' N ' Sour Plays No. 2 and No. 3 : Reaching the Jax 22 - yard line , Arizona went trips right , with Larry Fitzgerald in the middle .
Jacksonville had its regular defense , not a nickel or dime package , on the field .
One cornerback , one safety and two linebackers went over to cover the trips formation .
On the snap , the outside receiver faked a hitch ; the Jaguars ' cornerback came up to cover the hitch man ; both linebackers stood looking confused ; Fitzgerald sped to the end zone , hauling in a pass for a touchdown before the safety could arrive .
That was sweet .
But no one at all covered Larry Fitzgerald , the league 's best receiver .
That was sour .
The defending NFC champions blocked a Jax field goal attempt , and Antrell Rolle returned the rock 83 yards for a touchdown .
That was sweet .
There were n't any speed players to chase Rolle -- Jax had offensive linemen , two tight ends , a punter ( holder ) and kicker on the field .
That was sour -- every kick unit should have a speed player on it .
According to the game book , the blocked kick and return play lasted 21 seconds , making it one of the slowest touchdowns in NFL history .
" Monday Night Football " Analysis :
Ever wonder what would happen if a single - wing team from the 1950s met a high - tech no -huddle team of 2009 ?
What would happen is Indianapolis 27 , Miami 23 .
There cannot be a greater contrast in styles than what happened on " Monday Night Football . "
Miami played much of the contest with no quarterback on the field , rushed 49 times for 239 yards , kept the Indianapolis offense on the bench , tired out the Indianapolis defense with an incredible 45:07 - to - 14:53 edge in time of possession , yet lost .
The incredible time - of - possession edge allowed Miami , despite a run-oriented game plan , to pass 10 times more than Indianapolis did ; the Dolphins had the ball so long , they led in every statistical category save points .
Indianapolis played the entire contest in hurry - up mode , called offensive plays at the line of scrimmage , ran the ball a mere 11 times , pressured the Miami defense with lightning strikes , and prevailed .
Not by much , though , obviously .
The Colts benefited from good luck on several big plays -- luck is a greater factor in sports than generally recognized -- plus Ted Ginn Jr. of the Marine Mammals had both hands on the ball in the end zone with 22 seconds remaining for what could have been Miami 's winning play .
( It was no easy catch , though . )
So 1950s - style single - wing football almost came out on top .
Because Miami rushed so well , all the Dolphins needed was for Lucky Charms receivers to drop a couple of Peyton Manning throws , and Miami might have cruised to victory over an exhausted Indianapolis defense .
But Manning 's throws were n't dropped , nor were any blocks missed in an extremely efficient offensive line performance .
Single - wing style , Miami 's longest gain from scrimmage was 21 yards .
Indianapolis had gains of 24 , 48 , 49 and 80 yards .
This is a reason time of possession can be a deceptive stat :
A team that scores really fast has poor time of possession , but do n't you want to score really fast ?
Even though it was n't on the field much , by the fourth quarter the Dolphins ' defense looked tired , at least mentally , from the relentless Colts pace .
In the fourth quarter , the Dolphins ' defense folded , allowing the Colts to go 79 yards for a touchdown in 3:17 and 80 yards for a touchdown in a mere 32 seconds , as Miami 's coaches panicked and started calling blitzes , which only made matters worse .
The no-huddle offense does n't exhaust a defense when it 's not working .
But when the quarterback has a 133.9 rating on the night , as Manning did , the no-huddle spooks defenders .
Peyton Manning is praised so much , I hesitate to stack another accolade on the pile .
But egads , this gentleman is good .
Nobody throws as accurately off the back foot -- the ability to throw accurately while your body is moving backward enables a quarterback to frustrate a pass rush .
Nobody throws precise sideline routes as well as Peyton , and right - on - the - sideline is the hardest point for the secondary to defend .
Obviously , Manning excels at calling plays at the line of scrimmage .
Miami tried to confuse him by showing one front , then backing out of it after he made his call , then returning to the original front .
He did n't fall for it .
Except for on two snaps , Manning 's read of what Miami was about to do was right -- and on the game - winning throw to Pierre Garcon , he read the Dolphins ' defense perfectly .
Setting single - wing versus no -huddle aside , the rest of the contest came down to calls , coaching and individual performances .
What were the Dolphins doing in a standard 3 - 4 - 4 , rather than a nickel or a dime package , against a team that always splits out three receivers and often sends the tight end downfield ?
On tight end Dallas Clark 's two huge gainers , of 80 and 49 yards , he was covered by a linebacker -- both times by an inside linebacker ( once by Channing Crowder , once by Akin Ayodele ) -- because Miami did n't have a nickel package on the field .
A defensive game plan in which football 's best pass - catching tight end is covered deep by an inside linebacker is a strange game plan .
Why when Miami got the ball trailing 27 - 23 with 3:13 remaining did the Dolphins run a play , let the clock go down to 2:26 , and then burn a timeout ?
With six seconds left , Miami was on the Indianapolis 30 - yard line -- add back the 25 wasted seconds and maybe Miami wins .
Why did Miami 's defense bite hard on a play - fake on the game 's first snap ?
Coming into Monday night , the Colts had rushed for 32 , 64 and 71 yards in their last three games .
They 're clearly having trouble running the ball .
So do n't fall for their play - fakes unless they prove they can run !
Yet not only did the Miami front seven bite on Manning 's play - fake on the first snap , so did safety Yeremiah Bell .
Watch the tape -- as Clark cuts down the center of the field and Manning 's pass arcs toward him , Bell is running forward toward the Indianapolis line of scrimmage to stop a run .
Bell goes right past Clark , totally ignoring him , while a throw that would end up as an 80 - yard touchdown is in the air .
That 's how hard he bit on the play - fake .
Bell was also the last defender on Garcon 's winning touchdown , and failed to make the play .
Let 's put the sports - talk world 's campaign for a Pro Bowl slot for Bell on hold , please .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Jeffrey M. Boan From Division III to MNF , and it 's nice to have you , Pierre .
Indianapolis ' winning play was a study in tactics and performance .
Second - and - 10 on the Miami 48 with 3:29 remaining .
The Dolphins show a seven - man front against the Colts ' three - wide formation , with only one safety , Bell , deep .
Manning goes into his chicken dance , calling assignments at the line .
Immediately the Dolphins back off into a 3 - 4 - 4 .
But Manning was n't fooled and kept the play the same -- and sure enough , Miami jumped back into the seven - man front .
That front meant that in the double - receiver set to the right , there was a cornerback on Garcon , safety Gibril Wilson on the slot man , and safety Bell was the sole deep defender .
Manning 's call was a hitch screen to Garcon .
Not just a hitch , a hitch screen -- the offensive line deliberately let the pass rush in .
Miami big - blitzed , just as Manning hoped .
Do n't throw me into that blitz patch !
When will the league catch on that Peyton Manning wants to be blitzed ?
The hitch action enabled Manning to release the ball very quickly , before any blitz could reach him .
Six blitzers meant Miami had five players to cover four receivers ; the four were each singled , with Bell the only one on the last line of defense .
Garcon catches the hitch with two defensive backs nearby .
But remember , it 's a hitch screen , offensive linemen are coming !
Undrafted and future Hall of Fame center Jeff Saturday , long a TMQ favorite , hustles downfield and blocks the cornerback near Garcon .
Guard Mike Pollak hustles 20 yards downfield and hits Bell .
Garcon spun , and was gone .
When you put eight guys up on the line and blitz six , you better get to the quarterback or make the first tackle , because one broken tackle means a game - winning 48 - yard completion .
Tuesday Morning Quarterback is delighted , of course , to see Garcon , from Division III Mount Union College , have a big night on the national stage .
Attend a small - college football game !
The quality of play is better than you may think , and the game - day experience is less expensive and stressful .
There 's even easy parking .
Generally , I have more fun attending small - college and high school games than any NFL game other than the Super Bowl .
Football played on a more normal scale -- with a manageably sized , not - crazed crowd in attendance near a hillside of an idyllic campus , a marching band and $ 3 burgers -- can only be appreciated in person .
When I am at a small - college or high school game I often think , " This is one of the joys of being an American , " a thought that surely crosses nobody 's mind during the madness of an NFL contest .
Attend a small - college game and see what I mean .
Meanwhile , as Miami rolls up yards with the Wildcat , I wonder :
Where is the X Run ?
My high school produced a state championship team in 1969 using a veer - option offense only slightly different than the Wildcat , and our big play was the X Run -- making the lateral downfield instead of in the backfield .
Watch the Dolphins ' Ronnie Brown , or Florida , or West Virginia , or any team running the current version of the option .
The quarterback or the direct - snap tailback decides whether to pitch or keep while in the backfield , then never looks at the pitch man again .
Numerous times Monday night , Brown and Ricky Williams rolled right in the pitch - or - pull situation .
Each time Brown kept the ball , Williams just came to a halt and watched .
Why can the pitch happen only behind the line of scrimmage ?
Once you cross the line , defenses automatically ignore the pitch man .
Lateral to him then , and he's in the clear for a touchdown .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Gerald Herbert Taxpayers paid how many millions of dollars to fly Obama out to boost Jay 's ratings ?
President Obama -- Stop Talking !
In the first half of the George W. Bush administration , when the 43rd president was popular , Bush spent a great deal of time traveling around the United States giving speeches : sometimes advocating various causes , sometimes at fundraisers , sometimes simply appearing before some organization .
That any president should use the public 's time -- and the million - a- day cost of moving and protecting the president -- at partisan political fundraisers is offensive .
All postwar presidents , Democratic and Republican , have appeared at partisan fundraisers at taxpayers ' expense , and TMQ thinks this should be banned .
Some Bush speaking appearances became controversial , when the Secret Service or Republican Party operatives tried to forbid anyone critical of Bush from entering the speech locations .
But the key point was not that Bush was making speeches under questionable circumstances ; the key point was that he was making way too many speeches , period .
Ultimately , substituting speechifying for governing diminished Bush 's presidency .
Now Barack Obama has started down the same path .
Merely in the past two weeks , President Obama has given a major health care address to Congress , a major address on bank regulation on Wall Street , a speech to the nation 's schoolchildren ( who were considerably better behaved than Congress ) , a major address on the economy to the AFL - CIO in Pittsburgh , a speech on health care in Minneapolis , a speech on health care at the University of Maryland , a speech marking the anniversary of 9/11 , a speech to the UAW at an auto plant in Lordstown , Ohio , a speech in New York honoring Walter Cronkite , a speech at an Arlen Specter fundraiser in Philadelphia , a speech to the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute ( it 's not a caucus , it 's a Caucus Institute ) , a speech at a picnic in Cincinnati , a speech lauding a posthumous winner of the Medal of Honor , a speech about community colleges in Troy , N.Y. , and a major speech on climate change at the United Nations .
You can track presidential speechmaking here .
This paragraph lists only his prepared speeches at public events : I exclude media appearances and informal presidential remarks during the greeting of world leaders , literary figures or sports teams .
Obama is making way too many speeches .
The first reason he 's making too many speeches is that speechifying is time - consuming .
Writers prepare the texts , but Obama must think about what he wants to say ; rehearse what the writers come up with ; travel to the speech location ; give the speech and travel back .
A speechmaking appearance outside the nation 's capital pretty much nails the day .
Obama 's trip to Los Angeles to give a speech and appear on " The Tonight Show " nailed two days , taking jet lag into account .
Just because jets make travel convenient -- when FDR left on the battleship Iowa to attend the 1943 Tehran Conference of Allied leaders , his travel time each way was more than a week -- does not mean constant flying around is sensible .
When does Obama have time to do the actual work of governing ?
AP Photo / Nick Wass The Redskins ' cheerleaders brought their A - game Sunday , even if the Redskins ' offense brought only its C - game .
The next concern is that too - frequent speechmaking devalues the presidential voice .
When the president speaks occasionally , he commands attention ; a president who speaks all the time becomes just another clanging cymbal in the background yammer .
I bet Obama gives 10 speeches for every one given by John Kennedy .
At the current rate , by 2010 , an Obama speech will no longer be viewed as an important moment .
More than this is the concern that speeches are stage - managed to stroke the president 's ego , which is the last thing any chief executive of either party needs .
There 's always an adoring crowd , waving banners , saluting soldiers , with thunderous applause .
Surely all recent presidents come away from such stage - managed speeches thinking , " They love me ! "
Surely the younger George Bush gave so many speeches in his first term because it was flattering to his ego to be surrounded by cheering crowds who would clap loudly even for inutile banalities .
But the office of the presidency is n't about fun for its holder .
Bush wanted to give speeches to sympathetic crowds to make himself feel good .
If Obama is speechifying for the same reason , this does not speak well of him .
Most important , too - frequent speeches turn the president into an actor reading lines .
Barack Obama 's job is not to get applause : his job is to improve the country .
But improving the country is pretty challenging , whereas going out and getting applause is a snap .
We do n't yet know if Obama can reform health care or negotiate with hostile powers or reduce the national debt ; we know for sure he can get applause .
It 's disturbing to see him spending so much time and energy chasing ovations , which have zero lasting value , while putting off the real work of reform .
A president who gives speeches all the time becomes a blowhard who likes to hear himself talk but never gets around to accomplishing anything .
For Bush , by his third year in office , his road speeches sounded like he was campaigning -- he would speak vaguely about an agenda while wagging his finger against Washington , skipping the complication that he was in charge of Washington .
This is already creeping into Obama 's speechmaking .
Lately he has been wagging his finger about " folks in Washington " as though he 's not one of them , to say nothing of Folk Number One .
One of the core realities of politics is that it is a thousand times easier to campaign than to govern .
Sarah Palin quit being a governor because that 's a lot of work , the work requires you to cooperate with opponents , and you 're held accountable .
In campaign speeches , by contrast , you can denounce opponents and promise the moon , but never take responsibility .
Being president of the United States is a huge amount of work .
Giving speeches and being love - bombed by adoring audiences sure sounds like a more pleasing way to spend the day .
It 's time Barack Obama stopped giving so many speeches and concentrated on leadership .
Untouched Touchdown Runs of the Week : Chris Johnson of Tennessee went 91 yards untouched on a draw play behind a " trap pull " by the Titans ' offensive line , an unusual blocking tactic on a draw , and an excellent downfield block from guard Eugene Amano , a Division I - AA player who went late in the seventh round of the draft .
It 's pretty fun to run 91 yards for a touchdown if everyone in front of you has already been knocked to the ground .
Darren Sproles of San Diego went 81 yards untouched for a touchdown on a simple flare pass .
Frank Gore of San Francisco went 80 yards untouched , benefiting from an excellent block by Josh Morgan .
Johnson also went 57 yards untouched for a touchdown on another draw play , benefiting from a great downfield block by center Kevin Mawae .
It 's not often a player has two long untouched touchdowns in the same contest .
Another Argument for Women 's Empowerment : Actress Eva Amurri , who joins the new season of the Showtime series " Californication " to portray a college student who moonlights as a stripper , worked with a personal trainer and with topless dancers to prepare for the role .
She recently said pole dancing is a lot harder than it looks and added , " Stripping is incredibly empowering . "
NASA
It exploded 12.2 billion years ago -- and still looked bright when the light arrived at Earth .
Bummer Cosmic
Thought : Cosmologists continue to be perplexed by gamma-ray bursts , extremely powerful jolts of energy from distant space .
Science assumes there must be a natural explanation such as collapsing stars , but TMQ worries what we are observing are the muzzle flashes of cataclysmic weapons .
In the past decade , several devices have been built to try to explain gamma-ray bursts , and the more detection equipment improves , the more bursts are sighted .
Last year , NASA launched into orbit the Fermi Gamma - Ray Space Telescope , the most sensitive gamma-ray detector yet , and almost immediately it determined the situation is considerably worse than previously assumed .
Stanford researchers reported the telescope sighted the most violent gamma burst so far , one brighter than about 9,000 supernovae .
The explosion , designated GRB 080916C , appears to have happened 12.2 billion light - years away , and thus occurred 12.2 billion years in the past .
Within hours of the Stanford discovery , ground telescopes were able to sight GRB 080916C .
This explosion was so powerful that though it occurred eons ago on the far side of the universe , the flash was still bright when observed from Earth 12.2 billion years later .
Gamma rays are deadly .
Let 's be glad GRB 080916C happened far away .
An equivalent detonation in the Milky Way would kill everything in the ray 's path .
Stop Me Before I Blitz Again -- Wait ,
It Worked !
Though TMQ is mainly anti-blitz , of course this tactic sometimes works .
Jersey / B blitzed 26 times on Tom Brady 's 47 pass attempts .
The Jets never got a sack , but pressured Brady into an interception and repeatedly pressured Brady into throwing the ball away , which is just as good :
The " clang " of an incompletion is music to a defensive coach 's ears .
Many of the packages were overload blitzes in which two or three extra rushers came from the same side .
On New England 's final possession , with the Jets leading by a touchdown , Jersey / B blitzed on three of the last four snaps , resulting in four consecutive incompletions .
Jersey / B often run-blitzed too , three times dropping Flying Elvii rushers for a loss .
If the Jets blitz like this on a regular basis , they are sure to get burned .
On Sunday at least , the tactic worked .
Afterward , showing once again that he is simultaneously a cold fish and unconventional , Bill Belichick said , " We were outcoached . "
That 's an admission NFL coaches almost never make .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Steven Senne
How can you believe the research results if technical journals do n't check the papers they publish ?
Publish or Perish the Thought : Tuesday Morning Quarterback thinks the scandal in technical journals is going to get bigger , especially now that Congress is interested .
Journals in medicine , physics , cellular biology and general science have substantial influence over what is believed -- or in the case of medicine , allowed by insurers .
Yet the papers that appear in most technical journals are not fact - checked , and the authors ' hidden biases --- ranging from sponsored ghostwriting to funding from big companies that will only pay for the desired conclusions -- are not disclosed .
( Assistance from a professional author is perfectly respectable ; ghostwriting paid for by the company whose drugs are tested is another matter . )
Though many journals are " peer reviewed , " it 's basically the honor system , since peers mainly thumb through submissions to see if they sound reasonable in light of current knowledge ; peer - review " referees " do n't inspect original data to search for fabrications .
Most researchers who submit work to journals are honest , so the honor system works for them .
But there is no policing to catch the bad apples who make things up to advance their careers -- the new book " Plastic Fantastic " by Eugenie Reich explores instances of scientists fabricating results to advance their careers -- or to ensure payments from corporate sponsors .
There may even be no double - check to insure journal papers are n't total gibberish !
Recently , a Cornell University grad student got a spoof scientific paper , containing line after line of nonsense , accepted by a peer - reviewed technical journal .
Check the paper ; a link is in this story .
The meaningless graphs are especially impressive -- Figure Four depicts " expected latency . "
The paper was generated by this program , which was written to show how distressingly easy it is to spew out pseudo - scientific gibberish .
Now we know it 's distressingly easy to get pseudo - scientific gibberish published in a science journal .
TriStar Pictures
" Show me the market value !
Show me the market value ! "
TMQ contends that it is an illusion -- cultivated by agents , of course -- that tough - guy agents screaming into cell phones translates into big increases in dollars to players .
The market sets a player 's value , not the agent .
A good agent improves the details of an agreement , but no agent argues a sports franchise into paying more than the player 's market value .
A demanding agent will not , on average , get better deals than a friendly agent .
On average , both will get the market price .
Another illusion about NFL agents is their pay level .
On his latest Dr. Lou segment , Lou Holtz declared that Michael Crabtree 's agent will take in " millions of dollars " when Crabtree signs a deal , assuming this happens during the historical period of mankind .
NFL agents are limited by their trade association 's rule to 3 percent commissions ; Crabtree 's guaranteed money , the only part of an NFL contract that can be believed , will be at most $ 15 million ; 3 percent of that is $ 450,000 .
Numerous NFL agents earn good livings , but none realizes millions in commissions on a single contract .
[+]
Enlarge Hulton Archive / Getty Images )
Maybe the car czar and the drug czar and the economy czar should wear gold braids .
Will The Car Czar 's Children Inherit His Title ?
Right now , Glenn Beck and others on the right are obsessing about President Obama having too many czars , some of whom are not Senate - confirmed .
Is this shocking ?
As Paul Light of New York University showed in his 1999 book " The True Size of Government , " the number of political appointees directly controlled by the president is surprisingly small , fewer than 3,000 positions .
Most Washington executive officials are civil servants , military personnel or foreign - service officers , over whom the White House has suasion but not hiring - and - firing authority .
It does not offend me that the president grants portfolios to advisers : I am not clear on why this offends Beck , other than , perhaps , he needs his rabies booster shot .
Conservatives rarely object when governmental czars behave like actual czars , such as in 2002 , when Tom Ridge was George W. Bush 's security czar and was busily approving restrictions on civil liberties .
But I do worry that recent presidents have too much redundant overlap among councils , directors , czars and czarinas , and that Obama is worsening this trend , which seems most pronounced in intelligence , economics and environmental policy .
Consider :
Obama has an Environmental Protection Agency , plus a Council on Environmental Quality chaired by Nancy Sutley , plus a White House - level special environmental adviser , TMQ's pal Carol Browner , plus environmental divisions in the departments of Energy , Transportation and Interior , plus a Fish and Wildlife Service , plus a Bureau of Land Management .
He has a Treasury Department , plus a Federal Reserve , plus a Council of Economic Advisers chaired by Christina Romer , plus a National Economic Policy Council chaired by Lawrence Summers , plus a White House special economics adviser , Paul Volcker , plus an Office of the Trade Representative , which does economic policy .
The Council of Economic Advisers has , in turn , its own staff of economic statisticians , though an entire Bureau of Labor Statistics exists to compile economic data , while the Federal Reserve also has an econ stats division .
What do such overlapping advisers and councils do ?
Fight for the president 's attention .
Patrick Riviere / Getty Images
He copied all the letters in a hand so free / that now he is the Deputy Assistant Secretary to the Associate Deputy Director for Intelligence -ee .
Overlap is worst on the security , military and intelligence fronts , where the top of the United States government increasingly looks like a scene that Gilbert & Sullivan cut from " H.M.S. Pinafore " as unrealistic .
Obama has a Secretary of Defense , a Secretary of State , a CIA director , a Director of National Intelligence , a National Security Adviser , a National Security Council , a President 's Intelligence Advisory Board , a President 's Intelligence Oversight Board , a National Security Agency , a Defense Intelligence Agency , separate Air Force , Navy and Army intelligence commands , a National Counterterrorism Center , a Department of Energy Office of Intelligence , an FBI Directorate of Intelligence , a State Department Intelligence and Research branch , a Treasury Department Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence , an Office of National Security Intelligence at the Drug Enforcement Administration , an Office of Intelligence at the Department of Homeland Security , a Secret Service , a National Geospatial Intelligence Agency and a National Reconnaissance Office .
All these in turn have their own internal hierarchies :
For instance , the Treasury Department Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence has a Deputy Assistant Secretary to the Office of the Secretary .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Susan Walsh Surely you know who this is .
He 's one of the highest - ranking intelligence officials in the world .
Several of these top - heavy , intersecting security and intelligence entities were created in the wake of 9/11 , apparently on the assumption that terrorists would be afraid of very large , slow - moving bureaucracies .
Though the United States already had a CIA director , whose grand formal title is Director of Central Intelligence , in 2004 , Congress added the Director of National Intelligence ; at the time , Tuesday Morning Quarterback quipped that the new official should be dubbed the Director of the Director of Central Intelligence .
On paper , the Director of National Intelligence is superior to the CIA director , so surely you know who this august individual is .
One canny tactic of the Director of National Intelligence is to post our antiterrorism strategy on the Web , complete with colorful graphics .
Are the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of Central Intelligence working together tirelessly in the national interest ?
No , they are engaged in a childish food fight regarding who gets to sign memos .
You can bet all the overlapping councils and directorates spend as much time in turf wars regarding trite markers of personal prestige , such as sitting close to the president during photo - ops , as they do in service to the taxpayer .
The Football Gods Promised an Investigation : Could that really have been the Chicago Bears in a five - wide , empty backfield set at the Pittsburgh Steelers ' goal line ?
Adventures in Officiating : With the game tied at 31 , Tennessee punted to Houston on the final snap of the third quarter .
Houston 's Jacoby Jones signaled fair catch ; the ball popped out of his hands and into the hands of a Titans player ; initially , zebras marked it as Flaming Thumbtacks ' ball on the Texans ' 9 .
But a player who signals fair catch receives an " unimpeded " opportunity to catch a punt while it has not yet struck the ground .
So officials correctly overruled themselves and flagged the Tennessee player who snatched the ball for fair - catch interference -- since the ball had n't yet struck the ground and only Jones had the right to the catch .
Jeff Fisher went ballistic , though after the game , acknowledged the ruling had been correct .
Houston went on to win 34 - 31 .
Overlooked in all this :
The Titans were punting on fourth - and - 1 from near midfield !
If Fisher had gone for it , Tennessee might have won the game .
The Titans racked up 240 yards rushing in the contest , and averaged 9.2 yards per carry .
Why were n't they going for it on fourth - and - 1 near midfield ?
AP Photo / Seth Wenig Worshippers attending a service .
Wacky Food of the Week : " Pizza worship has swept New York , " a New York Times headline proclaimed recently .
Well , it 's about time someone swept up New York .
Pizza is now worshipped ?
Pizza lovers , the Times announced , " have elevated their passion to a vocation , sending pizza into a whole new stratosphere of respect .
It is n't just loved , and it is n't just devoured .
It 's scrutinized and fetishized , with a Palin - esque power to polarize . "
Pizza is like Sarah Palin ?
Like a fetishized Sarah Palin ?
I am going to skip thinking about what that might be .
The article went on to say that there are now " classically trained " pizza chefs ( perhaps who can play baroque concertos ) , that pizza is " an art " that fosters " a cult , " that crust too often " lacks character " ( maybe the crusts are seeing someone in Argentina ) and that the New York pizza craze began in exactly 2004 .
Not before , not after .
On what day in 2004 ?
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Al Grillo Fetishize her ?
No thanks .
Colorado Undefeated Versus Ohio : The Broncos are 2 - 0 under new coach Josh " When Does the Frat Party Start ? " McDaniels , having swept Ohio with consecutive victories against the Bengals and Browns .
Facing third - and - goal on the Cleveland 2 , Denver came out with a jumbo package ; Cleveland fielded its jumbo defense ; then Denver split 6 - foot - 5 tight end Tony Scheffler wide ; a linebacker went out to cover him ; slant pass to Scheffler for the touchdown .
In the fourth quarter , Denver reached the Cleveland 2 once again and once again went jumbo , this time with jack - of - all - trades offensive lineman Russ Hochstein lined up as a fullback .
Peyton Hillis ran for the touchdown behind Hochstein , and so far Cleveland looks just as hapless under Eric Mangini as it did under Romeo Crennel .
But the Stadium Sure Looked Nice : Admit it , you wanted Jerry Jones to lose the opening game at his $ 1.1 billion tax - subsidized palace , did n't you ?
Though the Giants outplayed the Cowboys and Tony Romo completed 13 to his teammates plus three to the opposition , Dallas did some fun things .
Reaching the Jersey / A 3 , the Cowboys lined up four - wide with big line splits as if it would be some pass - wacky spread play ; G - Person defenders spread ; then Romo simply went up the middle on a designed draw for the touchdown .
Trailing 30 - 24 , Dallas took possession at its 29 and staged a touchdown drive that consisted almost entirely of rushes , a nice return to traditionalism .
Then the Giants ' 11 - play all - shotgun all - passing final drive took the victory .
Reader Mickey Boland of Harlingen , Texas , adds of the game , " Has there ever been a great quarterback who wore his hat backwards when on the sideline ?
Bart Starr , Johnny United , Norm van Brocklin : I think not . "
And Sharon Bower of Charlottesville , Va. , writes , " Did you notice the Dallas cheer - babes stationed on the catwalks at eye level to the upper deck ? "
Very retro disco cage !
Let 's Not Forget AIG
Has $ 182 Billion of Your Money : Robert Benmosche , new CEO of AIG -- which continues to hold $ 182 billion of the taxpayers ' money , and seems in no hurry to return any -- will be paid about $ 7 million per year .
That means typical people , who earn a median $ 50,000 a year , are being taxed so yet another plutocrat can own an estate .
Benmosche also is " eligible " for a $ 3 million annual bonus , meaning even after all the flap about AIG bonuses , average people are still being taxed for AIG bonuses .
And he received 200,000 AIG stock options with a strike price of $ 20 .
Right now , AIG shares are selling for $ 40 , meaning the options have a current value of about $ 4 million .
Thus Benmosche could take home $ 14 million for his first year of running AIG .
This money comes from pockets of taxpayers struggling to pay their rent .
It does n't surprise me that a plutocrat would be shameless about reaching into the pockets of the working class .
It does surprise me that Barack Obama would OK this , and that the mainstream media would give up on AIG outrage .
Have we simply accepted at this point that it 's OK for Wall Street leadership to steal from taxpayers ?
Meanwhile , previous AIG CEO Edward Liddy repeatedly said he was working " for $ 1 a year . "
He asserted this on " 60 Minutes " and in sworn congressional testimony , and was broadly praised for his dollar - a- year service .
Now it turns out he was lying .
AIG quietly said Liddy received $ 38,368 for a New York apartment , $ 47,578 for personal airline flights , $ 31,348 for car services and $ 180,431 " to cover tax obligations . "
In what sense are these not income ?
You work at a job in order to be able to pay for your housing and transportation .
You must earn income to pay your taxes ; nobody pays them for you .
If AIG was paying for Liddy 's housing , personal travel and taxes , then he was n't earning $ 1 a year .
Yet he lied through his teeth about this and got away with it .
That 's the core lesson of corporate scandals -- the CEOs tell lies , pocket cash and never pay any penalty .
What does this encourage ?
More CEO lying .
Liddy also received stock options .
AIG has never said how many ; suppose it was 200,000 , the number just granted Benmosche .
When Liddy went to AIG , its share price was hovering around $ 5 ; if that 's the strike price , 200,000 shares would be worth about $ 7 million right now .
Plus AIG quietly said Liddy may receive a bonus payable in 2010 .
The man who was widely praised for claiming to work for $ 1 may end up with a king 's ransom in his pockets , all pilfered from the average taxpayers .
Why have the media dropped this story ?
Why Certain Teams Are On a 5 - 29 Stretch : Leading by one point with 1:12 remaining till halftime , holding all three timeouts , St. Louis took possession on its 30 -- and ran out the clock .
Best Audible of the Week : The Packers of the 1960s would run-run - run , then on third - and - short , throw deep .
It 's a tried - and - true formula .
Game scoreless , Buffalo came to the line on third - and - 1 at the City of Tampa 32 .
Expecting a run , the Bucs were in a rush defense , and the call radioed into Trent Edwards ' helmet was a run .
Seeing the defense he audibled to a double - go pass , and hit Lee Evans for six .
Short - yardage situations are often the best time to throw deep .
Hidden Play of the Week : Hidden plays are ones that never make highlight reels , but stop or sustain drives .
Game tied , Pittsburgh faced third - and - 2 on the Chicago 25 with 3:29 remaining .
The Bears expected a power run ; instead play - fake and Santonio Holmes streaking into the end zone with no safety in sight ; perfectly thrown pass ; cornerback Charles Tillman , his back to the ball , swatted at Holmes ' arms just as he reached to make the catch .
Incompletion , missed field goal on the next snap , and the Bears drive the other way for a game - winning last - second kick .
Had Holmes made the catch , the Steelers would have led by seven and Chicago 's odds of a fast touchdown against the Pittsburgh defense were not good .
Because Tillman had his back to the ball , until a rule change in 2006 , he would have been called for " face guarding . "
Now what he did was legal , and perfectly timed .
Probably he was watching Holmes ' eyes , since a receiver 's eyes get big as the ball arrives .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Hans Pennink
Yours up yet ?
Why , it 's practically October !
Christmas Creep : Gary , a U.S. soldier , wrote on Sept. 16 , " Today , Christmas supplies appeared in the local BX at my base in Iraq .
They 've been out of medium underwear for a month , liquid laundry detergent even longer , and most guys I know stockpile deodorant because it'd be a shame to run out .
But if you need Christmas wrapping paper in Iraq in September , you 're in luck . "
Ben Graff reports , " I was in Michigan for the Notre Dame - Michigan game and saw a sign at the Royal Oak Golf Club in Royal Oak , Michigan , proclaiming the club 's annual Royal Oak Christmas Classic was held on September 11th . "
Chris Zammarelli of Rockville , Md. , sends this truly scary report : " My family went out to eat at Bugaboo Creek Steak House in Gaithersburg , Maryland , on Saturday night , September 19th .
They were setting up their Christmas tree as we came in . "
The Vengeance of the Football Gods : Shawn Harris of High Point , N.C. , notes that a week ago , Murray State , a Division I - AA team , traveled to Division I North Carolina State in the paid - cupcake role and got steamrolled , 65 - 7 .
Bad sportsmanship , obviously , on the part of the Wolfpack for running up the score .
But should we feel sympathy for Murray State ?
No -- because the previous week , the Racers hosted paid cupcake Kentucky Wesleyan , a Division II program , and relentlessly ran up the score to 66 - 10 , including by continuing to throw when ahead 59 - 10 in the fourth quarter .
Murray State , your bad sportsmanship was repaid .
Check the stats of the Murray State - Wesleyan contest -- Murray State had three return touchdowns and two safeties , scoring 66 points with just 13 first downs .
Steve Martin of Somerset , N.J. , adds that Stephen F. Austin , a Division I - AA school , played the cupcake role for Division I SMU in its opener , then itself scheduled a cupcake in NAIA Texas College , running up the score to 92 - 0 .
When the final score is so extreme , the victor , not the vanquished , should feel embarrassed .
Christopher Rubinate of Wallingford , Pa. , writes , " J.C. Harper , the head coach of the 92 - 0 victors said , ' I 'm very proud of our execution and focus .
We 've been preaching that since November . '
Apparently they have n't been preaching sportsmanship !
SFA has an enrollment of more than 10,000 and its football program has produced NFL stars Larry Centers , Jeremiah Trotter and Mark Moseley , the 1982 NFL MVP .
Texas College is a historically - black college with financial problems that currently enrolls 705 students . "
So Stephen F. Austin , you beat up on a helpless team -- that 's not sports , that is bully behavior .
If I were an SFA alum , I 'd feel terrible about this dishonorable behavior by the football team .
Bill Rudick of Quarryville , Pa. , reports that on Saturday , Division II Shaw beat Division II Lincoln 68 - 6 : " Shaw has won the last two titles in its conference , while Lincoln is in its second season playing football after a 48 - year hiatus .
Leading 68 -6 , Shaw got the ball back with 18 seconds remaining , after keeping most of its defensive starters on the field to prevent a miraculous Lincoln comeback .
Did they take a knee ?
They lined up in the shotgun and threw deep .
Also , leading 61 - 6 with four minutes to play , Shaw rushed 11 men against a Lincoln punt , creating a fumble Shaw recovered in the end zone .
It was flat - out pathetic . "
Shaw should be embarrassed about this game , not Lincoln .
Ben Burchuck of Raleigh , N.C. , writes , " During the LSU vs. Louisiana - Lafayette game on Saturday night , the announcers mentioned LSU is 21 - 0 all - time vs. the Ragin ' Cajuns and in those 21 contests , LSU has outscored ULL 957 - 22 .
Now the combined score between these schools is 988 - 25 . "
I am glad Louisiana - Lafayette kicked a field goal , to prevent the absurdity of LSU boasting about shutting out a team that had absolutely no chance .
Buck - Buck - Brawckkkkkkk : Trailing 27 - 10 with 2:42 remaining , the Detroit Lions , losers of 18 straight and 24 of 25 going into the game , launched a field goal attempt .
As foot struck ball , whatever tiny hope of a comeback the Lions possessed vanished .
I do n't care if they proceeded to onside kick , this was what TMQ calls a " man or mouse " moment .
A manly team would have gone for the touchdown when down 27 - 10 , if only to maintain its pride .
Launching field goals to reduce the margin of defeat is no way to alter the psychology of the biggest - loser franchise in professional sports .
Reader Animadversion : I praised the new Red Zone Channel on Comcast and Verizon -- it 's Sunday Ticket Lite for the millions who cannot subscribe to NFL Sunday Ticket because they cannot receive the DirecTV satellite signal .
Amanda Kaisler of Seymour , Ind. , adds this irony :
She does get DirecTV but not the Red Zone Channel , which only airs in an expensive package on that carrier .
TMQ thinks all this nonsense will end with all NFL products available on all media platforms at lower prices than today -- the more people who buy , the less the something costs .
But nonsense it continues to be .
I wondered why images from space probes arrive in grayscale , with color later photoshopped in .
Many readers , including Marlene Hall of Ames , Iowa , noted grayscale transmission requires less bandwidth .
She added , " Because light in space is faint , astronauts ' eyes often see little color , so a true - color image would tend toward gray anyway ; the differing tones in the grayscale suggest what the color would be in lighting conditions that generally do not apply in space . "
Stephan Teran of Corona , Calif. , fills out the rest : " You want the maximum sharpness taken of an object in space , and every pixel counts .
Think of color as part of the electromagnetic spectrum .
For every four pixels you get only two green , one red and one blue .
This would mean if a telescope were to use a true - color filter , 50 to 75 percent of the pixels would be wasted , that is a lot of waste even for our government , but more importantly , that would be a lot of missed stars !
Most telescopes include multiple filters in front of a device that records the signals in an electrical format that can be translated by transistors .
These filters can work in many different wavelengths , many of which people can't see .
Usually a grayscale image with color added later is most efficient .
Having the ability to use different filters also allows astronomers the ability to see stars , galaxies , nebulae etc. that would be invisible in the relatively narrow visible - light section of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Here is how the Hubble Space Telescope cameras work . "
Terrie Vasilopoulos of the University of Chicago adds that this researcher 's forum discusses in detail why it is scientifically more useful to take space pictures in what by our standards is false color .
AP Photo / Gene Blythe Cows , and nutritional guides , suggest you dine here .
Aziz El - Tahch of New York City writes , " Since you 've been excoriating fast food chains for their calorie - laden fare , how about giving credit where due ?
Chick - fil - A's food is delicious and relatively healthful .
I wish there was a Chick - fil - A near my apartment building . "
He 's right , the company 's chicken club sandwich with 380 calories and 12 grams of fat is indeed a healthful alternative to fast - food burgers .
I said my annual prediction that the team goin ' to Disney World would be one that did not appear on " Monday Night Football " was 2 - for - 9 .
Mike Sandler of Columbia , Md. , says I should be 3 - for - 10 because in the last decade the Rams , Ravens and Patriots have won a Super Bowl following a season in which they were not on " Monday Night Football . "
Ah , but one year I failed to make that prediction !
I chided Clemson for being tricked by a fake field goal just one series after Clemson itself had faked a field goal .
Karthik Subramanian of Tuscaloosa , Ala. , notes the Georgia
Tech fake should have been illegal procedure , as discussed here and here .
Georgia
Tech sent in its field goal unit , but when the offense came off , a wide receiver stayed on the field on the far sideline away from the Clemson bench -- there were only 10 coming onto the field on the field goal unit .
NCAA rules forbid substitution tactics intended to confuse opponents , but that rule is notoriously vague .
In the simpler NFHS rules used by most high schools , players must break from a huddle if there has been a substitution , preventing a " lonesome end " from hanging by the sideline or stepping onto the field just before the snap .
And Mike of Burke , Va. , wishes New England versus City of Tampa at Wembley on Oct. 25 were one of the throwback games .
He haikuizes ,
[+]
Enlarge Kean Collection / Getty Images
Maybe it 's just as well he did not live to see the New England Patriots bring Minuteman logos to London and perform before a cheering crowd .
Patriots ' throwbacks :
If only worn in London .
Think of that King George !
Finally Kevin Bivona of Chattanooga , Tenn. , observes , " In the Saints versus Eagles game today , Philadelphia used a formation midway into the second quarter that looked close to the A - 11 offense of high - school fame .
There were three groups of three offensive players spread across the line of scrimmage .
The quarterback was in the shotgun with a running back next to him .
Is this a preview of a formation Andy Reid will use once Michael Vick is eligible -- say , Vick and Donovan McNabb standing next to each other in the shotgun in one of three groups ? "
Obscure College Score of the Week : San Diego 17 , Marist 10 .
Not to be confused with the University of California at San Diego , or with San Diego State University , or with California College of San Diego , or with San Diego Christian College , the University of San Diego just hosted a forum on " social branding " .
Bonus Obscure College Score of the Week : Mercyhurst 20 , Indiana of Pennsylvania 16 .
Located in Erie , Pa. , Mercyhurst College has a Latin motto , a seal , a logo , a mace , a " chain of office " ( an elaborate metal medallion worn by the school 's president ) and " official presidential regalia " that includes " four kelly green chevrons outlined in gold across the sleeves of the robe [ to ] signify that these are the official presidential robes of Mercyhurst . "
Just two weeks till the annual Tuesday Morning Quarterback Obscure College Game of the Year , California of Pennsylvania at Indiana of Pennsylvania on Oct. 3 .
AFC South -- the NFL's Obscure College Home : Houston has players from Eastern Kentucky , Lane , Saginaw Valley State and Wisconsin- Whitewater .
The Jags ' roster lists players from Alcorn State , Bethune - Cookman , Liberty , Maine , Nebraska - Omaha , Stillman and William & Mary .
Indianapolis has players from Alabama A&M , Indiana State , Missouri Western , Morgan State , North Dakota State , South Dakota State , two players from Howard and a player from the University of Calgary .
Tennessee tops that with players from Eastern Washington , Central Arkansas , Fort Valley State , Georgia Southern , Montana State , Samford , Southeast Missouri State , Stephen F. Austin , Tiffin , Washburn and Winston - Salem .
Obscure College News : Southeastern University of Washington , D.C. , lost its accreditation last week , and is expected to close .
This school was always cartographically challenged , as it was located in the Northeast , and in the southwest quadrant of the capital 's street system .
Too bad Southeastern of the Northeast did n't have a football team , or it could have staged an annual rival match against Southern New Hampshire University of Maine .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Rob Carr
My fellow Americans , if you missed my speech today , just tune in to my speech tomorrow .
Maybe They Don't Miss Class Because
They 're Not In Any Classes Anyway : Last fall , Cal coach Jeff Tedford was criticized when he had the team leave from the West Coast on a Friday morning , not arriving on the East Coast till late afternoon Friday , then losing a huge upset to the University of Maryland in a contest that kicked off at noon Saturday .
His players looked and played jet - lagged .
This weekend , Cal left on Thursday for its Saturday afternoon game at the University of Minnesota , giving the players ample time to overcome jet lag .
Rested , they won , all well and good as regards the BCS standings .
But are n't football players of the University of California at Berkeley students , at least on paper ?
All colleges , including the Ivy League , occasionally excuse student - athletes from class for sports events .
But leaving Thursday morning for a game Saturday means two full days of skipped classes , which seems to explode any pretense that football - factory football players are " students . "
Tuesday Morning Quarterback repeats my proposal that college teams in any sport be forbidden to cross more than one time zone for games , except bowls and playoffs .
( Yes , I would make exceptions for games involving the universities of Hawaii and Alaska - Fairbanks . )
When football factory colleges multiple time zones apart agree to play each other , they are essentially admitting their " student " athletes are not students .
Colleges should play only schools in their region , so football team members can be in class on Thursday and on Friday morning .
Next Week : Barack Obama gives separate interviews to all seven ESPN television channels .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - After a landmark win in the House of Representatives , President Barack Obama ’s push for healthcare reform faces a difficult path in the Senate amid divisions in his own Democratic Party on how to proceed .
On a 220 - 215 vote , including the support of one Republican and opposition from 39 Democrats , the House backed a bill late on Saturday that would expand coverage to nearly all Americans and bar insurance practices such as refusing to cover people with pre-existing medical conditions .
The battle now shifts to the Senate , where work on Obama ’s top domestic priority has been stalled for weeks as Democratic leader Harry Reid searches for an approach that can win the 60 votes he needs to overcome Republican procedural hurdles .
“ Take this baton and bring this effort to the finish line , ” Obama urged senators on Sunday in an appearance at the White House , saying passage of healthcare reform would represent “ their finest moment in public service . ”
Democrats have no margin for error -- they control exactly 60 seats in the 100 - member Senate .
Some moderate Democrats have rebelled at Reid ’s plan to include a new government - run insurance program , known as the “ public option , ” in the bill .
Senator Joe Lieberman , an independent who caucuses with Democrats , renewed his promise on Sunday to help Republicans block a final vote if the bill contains the government - run insurance option backed by Senate liberals .
“ If the public option plan is in there , as a matter of conscience , I will not allow this bill to come to a final vote , ” Lieberman said on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
Republicans and some moderate Democrats have balked at the House bill ’s $ 1 trillion price tag , new taxes on the wealthy and what they call a heavy - handed government intrusion in the private sector .
The overhaul would lead to the biggest changes in the $ 2.5 trillion healthcare system -- which accounts for one - sixth of the U.S. economy -- since the 1965 creation of the Medicare government health insurance program for the elderly .
DIFFERENT APPROACHES
The House bill includes a different version of the public option than the Senate .
Senate Democrats also may not adopt the House bill ’s requirement that all but the smallest employers offer coverage to their workers and its new tax on the wealthiest Americans to pay for the reforms .
Eventually , the House and Senate would have to reconcile their differences and agree on one bill to be passed again and sent to Obama for his signature .
“ The House bill is dead on arrival in the Senate , ” Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation , ” calling it “ a bill written by liberals for liberals . ”
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The House bill would set up exchanges where people could choose to purchase private insurance or a government - run option bitterly opposed by the insurance industry .
It also would offer subsidies to help low - income Americans buy insurance .
Congressional budget analysts say it would extend coverage to 36 million uninsured people living in the United States , covering about 96 percent of the population , and would reduce the budget deficit by about $ 100 billion over 10 years .
The House vote was a vital victory for Obama , who staked much of his political capital on the healthcare battle .
A loss in the House could have ended the fight , impaired the rest of his legislative agenda and left Democrats vulnerable to big losses in next year ’s congressional elections .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , the Republican vice presidential candidate in 2008 and a leader of conservative grass - roots opposition to Obama ’s agenda , promised retribution in those elections against healthcare reform advocates .
“ It ’s on to the Senate now .
Our legislators can listen now , or they can hear us in 2010 .
It ’s their choice , ” Palin said on her Facebook page , promising : “ We will make our voices heard . ”
Reid has been awaiting cost estimates from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office before unveiling a Senate bill , and has indicated Obama ’s goal of signing a bill by Christmas could slip to 2010 .
Reid said he hoped to receive those cost estimates in the coming days , and that he planned to bring a final bill to the Senate floor for consideration “ as soon as possible .
Let me open with a disclaimer .
What follows is an unabashedly opinionated diatribe certain to offend many programmers .
Craftsmen inevitably grow defensive of their favourite tools and practices .
Rather than respect this natural sensitivity , I will exploit it , shamelessly intensifying the vitriol for attention .
I care little whether one applauds or deplores my views ; I mainly want my audience to feel compelled to read on .
However , I try to be informative as well as incendiary .
Whether one finds my statements profound or unsound , whether one abhors or adores my examples , and whether one is amused or bemused by my observations , I hope one leaves wiser .
A C Odyssey
I began my journey with BASIC , when I was easily amused : for example , I liked being able to change the colour of the screen with a simple command .
A few years later , I heard about C. I followed a poor - quality 14 - part tutorial for 14 days .
I hated it : there was this extra compilation step , which often produced cryptic error messages .
It seemed unnecessarily fussy .
I had to declare my variables .
Semicolons , braces and parentheses had to be just right .
I went back to BASIC .
A few more years later , I learned x86 assembly language .
Now this was cool !
I had direct control over everything .
More importantly , I knew what my PC was doing when it compiled and ran a program .
From this point I was able to quickly learn the innards of DOS : the boot sequence , the inner workings of executables , how files were laid out in FAT filesystems , how devices were controlled , how multitasking could be simulated .
By the way , I feel all programmers benefit from learning assembly .
There are times it pays off to know what the CPU is doing .
In any event , if one is interested in computers , how can one not be curious about how they work ?
It leads one to question instruction set design , another fascinating and explosive topic .
At this stage , though I did use C and assembler from time to time , and dabbled in other languages such as C++ and FORTH , I was most comfortable with BASIC .
But I sensed it had no geek cred , and I abandoned it upon entering university .
Object - oriented languages were the latest fashion .
Its highly contagious ideas spread through the computer science department , soon infecting me .
I turned up my nose at Java because it compromised object - oriented principles .
Instead , I was enchanted by Eiffel , a language so clean that it ’s sterile .
I became a rabid Eiffel zealot , even trying to prove its superiority in a programming contest .
Long time no C .
Then during grad school , I ported one of my pet projects from Eiffel to C. I forget why .
Normally I ’d mix C and Eiffel to talk to the graphics library , but perhaps I had tired of writing glue code .
I slowly awoke from a dream , or more accurately , a mild nightmare .
My C code also worked , except it was faster .
It was more concise , which in turn made it easier to maintain .
It was …better .
So why was I bothering with all this object - oriented nonsense ?
Current Recession
Is a Severe Credit Bust of Depression - Era Magnitude
There 's a big difference between inventory - driven recessions and credit - driven recessions .
An inventory recession is caused by a mismatch between supply and demand .
It 's the result of overcapacity and under-utilization which can only work itself out over time as inventories are pared back and demand builds .
Credit - driven recessions are a different story altogether .
They typically last twice as long as and can precipitate financial crises .
The current recession is a severe credit bust of Depression - era magnitude .
The financial system has effectively melted down .
The wholesale credit system ( securitization ) is frozen , the banking system is dysfunctional and insolvent , and consumer spending has tanked .
The Fed 's multi-trillion dollar lending facilities and monetary stimulus have kept the financial system from grinding to a halt , but the underlying problems still persist .
Fed chairman Ben Bernanke has chosen to avoid the hard decisions and keep the price of toxic assets artificially high with the help of a $ 12.8 trillion liquidity backstop .
That 's why stocks have rallied for the last 4 months while conditions in the real economy have steadily deteriorated .
Bernanke is using all the tools at his disposal to keep the market from clearing and prevent the mountain of debt that has built up over decades from being purged from the system .
Unfortunately , as Ludwig von Mises said , " There is no means of avoiding the final collapse of a boom brought on by credit expansion . "
The surging stock market has made it harder to see that the economy is resetting at a lower rate of economic activity .
Deflation is setting in across all sectors .
Housing prices are leading the retreat , falling 18.1 percent year - over - year according to the new Case - Schiller report .
Vanishing home equity is forcing households to slash spending which is weakening demand and triggering more layoffs .
It 's a vicious circle which ends in slower growth .
Also , the banking system is still broken .
The $ 700 billion TARP program was not used to purchase toxic assets , but to buy equity stakes in the banks and to bailout insurance giant AIG .
Bernanke knows that a hobbled banking system will be a constant drain on public resources , but he refuses to nationalize the banks or restructure their debt .
Instead , he 's expanded the Fed 's balance sheet by $ 1.2 trillion and ignited a rally in the stock market .
Bernanke 's bear market rally has lifted the financials from the doldrums and generated the capital the banks need to survive the downgrading of their bad assets .
Former Fed-chief Alan Greenspan ( unintentionally ) clarified this point in an editorial in the Financial Times :
" The rise in global stock prices from early March to mid-June is arguably the primary cause of the surprising positive turn in the economic environment .
The $ 12,000bn of newly created corporate equity value has added significantly to the capital buffer that supports the debt issued by financial and non-financial companies ....
Previously capital - strapped companies have been able to raise considerable debt and equity in recent months .
Market fears of bank insolvency , particularly , have been assuaged .
Global stock markets have rallied so far and so fast this year that it is difficult to imagine they can proceed further at anywhere near their recent pace .
But what if , after a correction , they proceeded inexorably higher ?
That would bolster global balance sheets with large amounts of new equity value and supply banks with the new capital that would allow them to step up lending .
( Alan Greenspan , " Inflation , The real threat to a sustained recovery " , Financial Times )
Clearly , Bernanke was thinking along the same lines as Greenspan when he decided to push traders back into the market with his generous liquidity programs and quantitative easing ( QE ) .
He probably realized that political support for more bailouts had waned and that " large amounts of new equity " ( Greenspan 's words ) would be needed to keep the banks from defaulting .
Whatever his motives may have been , Bernanke 's stimulus has turbo - charged equities while the real economy continues to sputter .
Jordan Irving , who helps manage more than $ 110 billion at Delaware Investments in Philadelphia told Bloomberg News , “ This has been a government - induced rally .
We need to see some real positives coming from internal demand , as opposed to government - related demand , and it ’s just not there . ”
Still , the Fed 's intervention in the markets has n't removed the threat posed by toxic assets ; a problem which only gets worse over time .
That 's why The Bank of International Settlements ( BIS ) issued a report last week warning of the " perils " of not tackling the issue head - on .
Here 's an excerpt from the report :
" ... Despite months of co-ordinated action around the globe to stabilize the banking system , hidden perils still lurk in the world 's financial institutions according to the Basel - based Bank of International Settlements .
" Overall , governments may not have acted quickly enough to remove problem assets from the balance sheets of key banks , " the BIS says in its annual report .
" At the same time , government guarantees and asset insurance have exposed taxpayers to potentially large losses . "
...
As one of the few bodies consistently sounding the alarm about the build - up of risky financial assets and under - capitalized banks in the run-up to the credit crisis , the BIS 's assessment will carry weight with governments .
It says : " The lack of progress threatens to prolong the crisis and delay the recovery because a dysfunctional financial system reduces the ability of monetary and fiscal actions to stimulate the economy . "
( UK Guardian , Recovery threatened by toxic assets still hidden in key banks )
The toxic assets problem is further compounded by an estimated $ 2 trillion of additional losses from defaulting residential mortgages , commercial real - estate loans , credit card loans , and auto loans .
It 's is the double - whammy ; a fetid portfolio of non-performing loans and garbage mortgage - backed derivatives .
At the same time , personal consumption has fallen sharply and the signs of economic contraction are visible everywhere , from the bulging homeless shelters , to the long - lines at the unemployment offices , to the empty state coffers , to the half - filled shopping carts at the grocery store .
Unemployment is rising at 600,000 per month , consumer confidence is at record lows , retail sales have fallen sharply , and housing continues its historic plunge .
The data is clear ; there are no green shoots or silver linings .
Billionaire Warren Buffett summed it up like this in an interview with CNBC this week :
" I get figures on 70 - odd businesses , a lot of them daily .
Everything that I see about the economy is that we 've had no bounce .
The financial system was really where the crisis was last September and October , and that 's been surmounted and that 's enormously important .
But in terms of the economy coming back , it takes a while ....
I said the economy would be in a shambles this year and probably well beyond .
I 'm afraid that 's true . "
The best snapshot of the economy appeared in the Fed 's Beige Book , which was released two weeks ago , but was barely covered in the financial media .
The report gives a candid assessment of an economy that is in deep distress .
Here 's an excerpt :
" Reports from the twelve Federal Reserve District Banks indicate that economic conditions remained weak or deteriorated further during the period from mid-April through May ...
Manufacturing activity declined or remained at a low level across most Districts ....
Demand for nonfinancial services contracted across Districts reporting on this segment .
Retail spending remained soft as consumers focused on purchasing less expensive necessities and shied away from buying luxury goods .
New car purchases remained depressed , with several Districts indicating that tight credit conditions were hampering auto sales .
Travel and tourism activity also declined ....
Vacancy rates for commercial properties were rising in many parts of the country ...
Credit conditions remained stringent or tightened further .
Energy activity continued to weaken across most Districts , and demand for natural resources remained depressed ....
Labor market conditions continued to be weak across the country , with wages generally remaining flat or falling .... Districts reporting on nonfinancial services indicated that for the most part activity continued to decline ....
Activity continued to weaken or remain soft for providers of professional services such as accounting , architecture , business consulting , and legal services .... Consumer spending remained soft as households focused on purchasing less expensive necessities .
... Travel and tourism activity declined , and vacationers are tending to spend less ....
Commercial real estate markets continued to weaken across all Districts .
... With few exceptions , the District Banks reported that prices at all stages of production were generally flat or falling ... Reports from a number of Districts indicated that pricing at retail remains very soft ... " ( Fed 's Beige Book )
It 's all bad .
The financial meltdown has left homeowners with the worst debt - to - income ratio in history .
Working people have been forced to cut discretionary spending and begin to save .
The household savings rate zoomed to 6.9 percent in May , a 15 - year high .
The rate in April 2008 was zero . "
The downside of the rising savings rate , is that it will deepen and prolong the recession .
The negligible increase in retail spending can be attributed to fiscal stimulus .
Without the government checkbook , the economy will continue to struggle .
There 's been a sudden shift from debt - fueled consumption to thriftiness .
The trauma of losing one 's job , health care or home ; or simply living one paycheck away from disaster will probably shape attitudes for years to come .
Personal savings will continue to swell as households build a bigger nest egg to weather the slump and make up for lost equity , droopy retirement accounts , and the possibility of losing their job .
This fundamental change in consumer behavior points to less economic activity , more inventory reduction , additional layoffs , and smaller corporate profits .
When consumers save , the economy contracts .
Rob Parenteau , editor of the Richebacher Letter , sums it up like this :
" We have never seen households retire debt like this , now in three of the past four quarters , over more than a half century of results reported in the Flow of Funds accounts .... ( " Q1 2009 Flow of Funds results show the housing sector ran a net saving position of $ 341b in the past quarter , while paying down $ 155 b in household debt )
.... the widespread perception is that the old global growth model , dependent in no small part on the willingness of US consumers to deepen their deficit spending , can and will be revived .
We would merely suggest with the level of household net worth to disposable income back to a level last seen in 1995 ( before household deficit spending began ) , and with households extinguishing debt for the first time in over half a century , this assumption deserves to be questioned .
Humpty Dumpty may not be able to be put together again . "
( " What is Different this Time ? " , Rob Parenteau , editor of the Richebacher Letter , and a research assistant with the Levy Institute of Economics , naked capitalism.com )
Consumer spending is 70 % of GDP , but consumers have suddenly stepped on the brakes .
This is a real game - changer .
Even if the credit markets are restored and the banks show a greater willingness to lend ; there will be no return to the pre-crisis consumption - levels of the past .
Those days are over .
Households will have to devote more income to paying down debt and less on shopping , travel or nights - on - the - town .
That means the Obama team will have to make up the slack in demand by providing more fiscal stimulus , jobs programs , state aid , and other forms of public relief .
It 's the only way to keep the economy from sliding deeper into depression .
And , do n't expect past consumption trends to predict the future .
It 's a whole new ballgame .
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco explains the roots of the problem in their " Economic Letter : US Household Deleveraging and Future Consumption Growth " .
Here 's an extended excerpt :
" U.S. household leverage , as measured by the ratio of debt to personal disposable income , increased modestly from 55 % in 1960 to 65 % by the mid-1980s .
Then , over the next two decades , leverage proceeded to more than double , reaching an all - time high of 133 % in 2007 .
That dramatic rise in debt was accompanied by a steady decline in the personal saving rate .
The combination of higher debt and lower saving enabled personal consumption expenditures to grow faster than disposable income , providing a significant boost to U.S. economic growth over the period .
In the long - run , however , consumption cannot grow faster than income because there is an upper limit to how much debt households can service , based on their incomes .
For many U.S. households , current debt levels appear too high , as evidenced by the sharp rise in delinquencies and foreclosures in recent years .
To achieve a sustainable level of debt relative to income , households may need to undergo a prolonged period of deleveraging , whereby debt is reduced and saving is increased .
Beginning in 2000 , however , the pace of debt accumulation accelerated dramatically ... Rising debt levels were accompanied by rising wealth .
An influx of new and often speculative homebuyers with access to easy credit helped bid up prices to unprecedented levels relative to fundamentals , as measured by rents or disposable income .
Equity extracted from rapidly appreciating home values provided hundreds of billions of dollars per year in spendable cash for households that was used to pay for a variety of goods and services ....
Rapid debt growth allowed consumption to grow faster than income .
Since the start of the U.S. recession in December 2007 , household leverage has declined .
It currently stands at about 130 % of disposable income .
How much further will the deleveraging process go ?
Going forward , it seems probable that many U.S. households will reduce their debt .
If accomplished through increased saving , the deleveraging process could result in a substantial and prolonged slowdown in consumer spending relative to pre-recession growth rates .
( " U.S. Household Deleveraging and Future Consumption Growth , by Reuven Glick and Kevin J. Lansing , FRBSF Economic Letter " )
Household wealth has slipped $ 14 trillion since the crisis began .
This includes sizable losses in investments , real estate and retirement funds .
Home equity has dropped to 41 % ( a new low ) and joblessness is on the rise .
When credit was easy ; borrowing increased , assets prices rose and the economy grew .
Now the process has gone into reverse ; credit has dried up , collateral values have plunged , GDP is negative , and consumers are buried under a mountain of debt .
Personal bankruptcies , defaults and foreclosures are all up .
Deflation is everywhere .
It will take years , perhaps a decade or more , to rebuild household balance sheets and restore the flagging economy .
The consumer is running on empty and the chances of a robust recovery are nil .
By Mike Whitney
Email : fergiewhitney@msn.com
Mike is a well respected freelance writer living in Washington state , interested in politics and economics from a libertarian perspective .
Mike Whitney Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
GOING NOWHERE :
This bus got stuck on the corner of Mana and Fortunatus streets in Brooklyn .
A Tranzit Coachlines bus had to be propped up on blocks after it got wedged on a hairpin turn in the Wellington suburb of Vogeltown .
Police were called to direct traffic away from Mana and Fortunatus streets about 9 am this morning , after the empty coach bus got wedged on the traffic island in the middle of the tight turn while trying to travel uphill .
The back end of the bus ended up wedged against the road .
OFF THE RAILS :
The train was not carrying any passengers .
A Tranzit support vehicle attended the scene , propping the bus up on blocks to allow it to reverse back down Mana St .
Senior constable James Patrick attended the scene , and said it was n't surprising .
'' It 's a tight corner . ''
TRAIN DERAILED
A train came off the rails near Wellington railway station while shunting empty carriages between two depots .
The front wheels of the train derailed as it was crossing a new set of points while switching tracks around 9.30 am , a Tranz Metro spokesman said .
The train , which was not carrying passengers , may not have even had a driver on board , as drivers could shunt carriages by remote control , he said .
The derailment which occurred at the North Yard , near Kaiwharawhara , would not cause any delays , he said .
'' It 's a rail yard that 's well away from the main tracks , so all services are operating normally . ''
It was too early to speculate on a cause , he said .
Tranz Metro would have a clearer idea of what happened after the train had been craned back on to the tracks , which he expected to happen some time today .
THREE -CAR CRASH
Earlier this morning a three - car collision blocked the southbound lane near Tawa , north of Wellington .
Police central communications spokesman Marty Edgehill said one man had been trapped after a truck had driven into the back of their vehicle though they had since been removed .
" They were n't badly injured they were just trapped , " he said .
Two ambulances attended the scene .
The man was taken to hospital with minor injuries .
TRAIN DELAYS
Also this morning , train delays were hampering commuters around the Wellington region .
Both mechanical faults and operational issues saw trains between Upper Hutt and Wellington cancelled this morning , and services on the Hutt Valley line were running up to 20 minutes late .
The 7.39 am service from Porirua to Wellington ran with reduced capacity because of a mechanical issue , and earlier services were running up to 20 minutes late on the Paraparaumu line due to a signals fault .
- with Stuff.co.nz
Biologists have shown that independent but similar molecular changes turned a harmless digestive enzyme into a toxin in two unrelated species -- a shrew and a lizard -- giving each a venomous bite .
The work , described this week in the journal Current Biology by researchers at Harvard University , suggests that protein adaptation may be a highly predictable process , one that could eventually help discover other toxins across a wide array of species .
" Similar changes have occurred independently in a shrew and a lizard , causing both to be toxic , " says senior author Hopi E. Hoekstra , John L. Loeb Associate Professor of the Natural Sciences in Harvard 's Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology .
" It 's remarkable that the same types of changes have independently promoted the same toxic end product . "
Lead author Yael T. Aminetzach , a postdoctoral researcher in the same department , suggests that the work has important implications for our understanding of how novel protein function evolves by studying the relationship between an ancestral and harmless protein and its new toxic activity .
" The venom is essentially an overactivation of the original digestive enzyme , amplifying its effects , " she says .
" What had been a mild anticoagulant in the salivary glands of both species has become a much more extreme compound that causes paralysis and death in prey that is bitten . "
In the first part of the study , Aminetzach and her colleagues compared a toxin found in the salivary glands of the insectivorous North American shrew Blarina brevicauda to its closely related digestive enzyme kallikrein .
Enzymes are proteins that catalyze , or increase the rates of , chemical reactions ; this rate enhancement occurs at a specific region on an enzyme called the active site .
Aminetzach found that the specific molecular differences between kallikrein and its toxic descendent are highly localized around the enzyme 's active site .
" Catalysis is fostered by three specific changes that increase enzyme activity , " Aminetzach says .
" The active site is physically opened up , and the loops surrounding it become more flexible .
The area around the active site also becomes positively charged , serving to better guide the substrate directly into the active site . "
To further demonstrate that these molecular changes to kallikrein are related to the evolution of toxicity , Aminetzach explored the evolution of another kallikrein - like toxin in the Mexican beaded lizard ( Helodermata horridum ) .
She found that this toxin , while distinct from the analogous toxin in the shrew , nonetheless exhibits the same catalytic enhancement relative to the original kallikrein enzyme .
Equally important , she found that this functional change in the lizard toxin is accomplished through similar molecular modifications of kallikrein , and through identical mechanisms of structural alteration of the active site , as in the shrew toxin .
This insight -- namely , that toxins could arise by increasing the catalytic activity of enzymes through a conserved and predictable mechanism -- could be used both to identify other kallikrein - derived toxic proteins and as a method to evolve new protein function in general .
Aminetzach 's and Hoekstra 's co-authors on the Current Biology paper are John Srouji of Harvard 's Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology and Chung Yin Kong of Massachusetts General Hospital .
Their work was funded by the Federico Foundation and Harvard University .
Home » Electronics Best Desktop Computers For The Money in UK 2020 Electronics Best Desktop Computers For The Money in UK 2020 88 Views
The Best Desktop Computers For The Money Desktops can provide you with a fantastic performance and let you easily deal with even the hardest of computational tasks .
But , out of the innumerable pieces out there , you might wonder which are the ones that are worth the buck ?
Fortunately we 've compiled a list of the Best Desktop Computers For The Money .
Product SKU : BDF2515 Product Brand : Dell Product Currency : GBP Product Price : 1038 Product In - Stock : Available Editor 's Rating :
4.5
You might think desktops are inching towards oblivion , especially with portable laptops and ever - evolving smartphones dominating the market .
But alas , the Desktop is the progenitor for a reason .
The level of customization and range of tasks you can achieve is still unbeatable ( beast - like performance ) .
Check out our list of the Best Desktop Computers For The Money for all the details !
There are two types of desktops : pre-assembled desktop and the desktops that you assemble yourself like the ones you see on gamer vlogs .
Pre-assembled desktops would be ideal for students and working professionals .
Honestly , assembling a computer yourself might sound cool and fantastic but if you make a mistake you might lose a shit load of money .
So we at Discount Age have compiled a list of the best desktop computers that are true value for money .
List of Best Desktop Computers For The Money 2020
# 1 — Apple iMac 5 K ( 2019 )
The Apple iMac 5 K is the best all in one desktop for content creation .
It ’s actually pretty amazing that Apple has still somehow managed to cram modern and high - end tech behind that giant 27 - inch screen .
But it ’s a legendary device .
It certainly is one of the Best Desktop Computers For The Money .
The massive 27inch display comes with a fantastic 5 K display that supports a billion colours .
While this screen is beautiful , it is not meant for gamers .
Using this computer for gaming alone would be quite unfortunate .
This device was built purely to support the video and other types of content creators out there .
This is because of the brightness , the pixel count can offer an unbelievable amount of detail for video and photo editors .
More importantly , this desktop can easily handle heavy media software .
Which brings us to the performance of this wonderful computer .
Although the mac has still maintained its old design , it ’s packed with the latest and greatest tech .
It is equipped with a 9th generation 3.7GHz 6 ‑core Intel Core i5 that can turbo boost up to 4.6GHz .
It can definitely handle heavy applications with ease .
The 2TB Fusion drive is decent enough as far as storage components go .
But the 8GB RAM could have been a 16GB to provide a little more leeway when the device is overclocked .
The Radeon Pro 580X 8GB of VRA is an amazing graphics card usually meant for VR gaming .
So it can definitely help provide an amazing visual experience .
Of course , this desktop computer comes with the ever - popular Magic Keyboard and Magic Mouse 2 .
What ’s in it for you :
This all in one desktop computer is pretty amazing and definitely worth it .
Especially if your a video or photo editor .
It delivers a brilliant performance and is perfect for both professional and home use .
Specifications : CPU 3.0GHz 6 ‑core Intel Core i5 ( Turbo Boost up to 4.1GHz ) or 3.1GHz 6 ‑core Intel Core i5 ( Turbo Boost up to 4.3GHz ) or 3.7GHz 6 ‑core Intel Core i5 ( Turbo Boost up to 4.6GHz ) RAM 8GB RAM Storage 1TB or 2TB Fusion Drive Graphics Radeon Pro 570X with 4GB of VRAM or Radeon Pro 575X with 4GB of VRAM or Radeon Pro 580X with 8GB of VRA Display Retina 5 K display , 27 - inch ( diagonal ) Retina 5 K display , 5120 ×2880 resolution with support for 1 billion colours , 500 nits brightness , Wide colour ( P3 )
Check it out on Amazon UK – £ 2,049.00
# 2 — Dell XPS 8930 SE
The Dell XPS 8930 SE is the perfect desktop for a college students and for those who have a very tight budget .
By perfect I mean , that you actually get more than what you pay for .
This is such a perfect desktop .
It certainly might not look amazing but damn its too perfect .
Not only does the basic configuration give you amazing performance it can be upgraded whenever you want .
Not a lot of desktops have that freedom .
For example , you ca n’t upgrade the processor of an iMac , you ’re pretty much stuck with it .
But this dell is more a one - time investment in an asset that continues to grow .
Honestly , the basic config is good enough to deal with the majority of tasks and applications used by students or at home .
It comes with a 9th gen Intel core i5 .
This 6 core beast can easily handle high - end software , even games .
After all even the iMac is equipped with the same processor and the same 8 GB RAM .
If you mistook “ you can play games ” for you can also play some low - quality 8 - bit games .
You ’re are in for a surprise .
This desktop comes with an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti graphics card , so the sky is the limit .
What ’s in it for you :
It is perfect for those on a tight budget .
You get a lot .
For a good 1000 quid , you can expect a video editing and high - end gaming level performance .
And not a lot of computers allow expansions .
It is the best of the Best Desktop Computers For The Money .
Specifications : CPU 9th gen Intel Core i5 RAM 8 GB Storage 1256 GB Graphics NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti
Check it out on Amazon UK – £ 1,038.87
# 3 — HP Omen Obelisk
Most of the gamers out there want a gaming pc but do n’t want to spend time building it from scratch .
And that ’s completely acceptable .
After all , it a tedious and expensive job to build your pc .
And if something goes wrong , you ’ll lose a lot .
This is where the HP Omen Obelisk comes in .
With the Obelisk , you get a pre-assembled gaming PC that performs like a beast .
More importantly , the obelisk allows for various customisations and unlimited upgrades .
You do n’t need to feel left out of place when your gaming buddies boast about their assembled PC cause this PC is absolutely brilliant and will definitely give you bragging rights .
It comes with a 3.20 GHz Intel 6 Core i7 8700 processor with 8 GB RAM and an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070 graphics card .
The most useful aspect is the fact you can actually save a lot of money by buying this .
For example , if you buy less expensive and parts with low power .
You can still more or less get amazing performance .
So , yeah it definitely is one of the Best Desktop Computers For The Money .
What ’s in it for you :
The configuration of the obelisk will let you play even the most demanding games in high 4 K resolution .
Generally , you get about 100FPS and if you overclock it , this beast reciprocates with a greater push .
The Spacious chassis always gives you room to cutomise and upgrade as you see fit .
Specifications : CPU 3.20 GHz Intel 6 Core i7 8700 RAM 8 GB Storage 2TB + 256GB SSD Graphics NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2070
Check it out on Amazon UK – £ 1,299.99
# 4 — Apple Mac Mini
If you have a really tight on budget and need a computer to help you out with general tasks , the Apple Mac Mini will be perfect for you .
You ’d be surprised to find that the Mac Mini is actually pretty damn old .
It was the second oldest apple product .
But , no need to fret , this one is was redesigned and launched in 2018 .
It delivers a relatively decent performance .
Especially with its 3.0GHz 6 - core Intel Core i5 processor and 8 GB Ram .
It ’s really not bad especially for its price of 700 quid .
The only issue is the obvious lack of space .
Even the crappiest desktops come with at least 1 TB these days .
So , the 256GB SSD is n’t the greatest .
You ’re better of going for the 512 GB version .
Playing games should be the last thing on your mind as this computer does not have a dedicated graphics card .
What ’s in it for you :
Well it can save you a lot of time and money if your job revolves around basic computation .
But , if you want to use this for gaming you are out of luck .
Specifications : CPU 3.6GHz quad - core Intel Core i3 processor or 3.0GHz 6 - core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost up to 4.1GHz RAM 8GB Storage 256GB or 512GB SSD Graphics Intel UHD Graphics 630 ( Does have a dedicated Graphics Card )
Check it out on Amazon UK – £ 741.21
# 5 — Microsoft Surface Studio 2
The price on this desktop might shock you , but it was honestly never meant for the average user .
This one is purely for very specific industry professionals like content creators like digital artists , graphic designers and video / photo editors .
In fact , one on the higher end of computers , the Surface Studio is actually worth the money .
The massive 28 - inch screen gives you all the room you ’ll ever need to work on your art .
You can go to unbelievable detail by zooming down to pixel level .
You get fantastic brightness and colour quality .
The Surface Studio 2 works on an Intel Core i7-7820 HQ
Processor and a 32GB RAM so it can definitely handle heavy photo editing and illustration software with ease .
Thankfully it also comes with a 2TB SSD .
So it ’ll boost the speed and accessibility quite a bit .
Graphics is the key factor in this one and it does n’t disappoint , it is equipped with an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 8 GB GDDR5 memory .
What ’s in it for you :
It might be expensive but is a great asset for a digital artist and video / photo editors .
The most amazing this is the performance and the pen .
Yup , the pen is super important as it ’ll give you the freedom to do amazing things .
With palm rejection , you can draw in detail and with accuracy .
he pen that comes with this and the system itself will benefit artists more that
Specifications : CPU Intel Core i7-7820 HQ Processor RAM 32GB DDR4 RAM Storage 2TB SSD Graphics NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 8GB GDDR5 memory Display 28 ” PixelSense Display , 4500 x 3000 ( 192 PPI ) Resolution , sRGB , DCI - P3 , and Vivid Display
Check it out on Amazon UK – £ 4,749.00
What is the best desktop computer for home use ?
The best desktop for home use is the Dell XPS 8930 SE .
It is probably the most perfect desktop in existence .
Not only is it budget - friendly , it delivers more that it ’s supposed to .
For a price of £ 1000 , you get an unbelievable configuration : 9th gen i5 processor with 8GB RAM and a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti .
It is definelty more than enough for home use .
Check out our list of the Best Desktop Computers For The Money for all the details !
What is the best desktop computer for 2020 ?
It would be hands down the HP Omen Obelisk .
Yes , it is a gaming computer but it definitely deserves the title of the best computer in 2020 .
You get a beast like over performance for a good price .
What more can you ask for ?
Space for unlimited customization and limitless upgrades ?
Yep , you can check that off too .
Check out our list of the Best Desktop Computers For The Money for all the details !
Also Read :
BIRMINGHAM , Ala . -
An undercover officer posing as a prostitute in Alabama tried more than once to run off a 13 - year - old boy who asked her for sex , but police say the teen insisted and had to be arrested .
Authorities in Mobile said Wednesday the teenager has been charged with a misdemeanor count of loitering while looking for a prostitute .
The next - youngest suspect nabbed in the sting was 22 .
Police set up the sting in a residential area last week because of complaints about prostitutes trolling for business .
Officer Christopher
Levy says it 's not clear exactly what the teen said to the officer , or how she responded .
The boy 's name was not released because of his age and it's not clear whether he is still in custody .
Fifteen people were arrested during the sting .
Fonts are one of the most important building blocks in design and sooner or later you get fed up with the traditional Verdana , Arial , and Helvetica fonts .
While there is nothing wrong with Verdana , Arial , and Helvetica – they are three of the safest fonts – it gets boring if you only use these .
On the other hand , if you use a rare font which users do n't have on their system , this is also unprofessional because you have no control over the mess the user will see in their browser .
That is why the so called web safe fonts have been designed .
How Safe Are Web Safe Fonts
Web safe fonts are fonts that look good on screen and are relatively popular , so you can safely assume that your visitors will have this font on their system .
Very often these fonts come with the operating system itself , so users have them installed by default .
Still , there is no guarantee that the fonts you use will be installed on your users ' computers .
Additionally , even if the font is installed on your users ' computers , many of these fonts look good only with particular font sizes .
For instance , some fonts are good at sizes such as 10 or 12 pixels ( i.e. body text ) , while with larger or smaller font sizes they either look distorted or are unreadable .
After all these clarifications , which were necessary so that you know you should take any lists of web safe fonts with a grain of salt , let 's see which fonts made it to the list .
21 Stunning Web Safe Fonts for You to Use
Here are 21 stunning web safe fonts , which are either widely available on Windows , Mac , and Linux , or have decent substitutes .
If you like one - simply copy the CSS code found in the blue box and use it yourself .
Serif
font - family : " Georgia " , serif ;
font- family : ' Palatino Linotype ' , ' Book Antiqua ' , Palatino , serif ;
font- family : ' Times New Roman ' , Times , serif ;
font - family : ' MS Serif ' , ' New York ' , sans - serif ;
font - family : Garamond , serif ;
font- family : ' Bookman Old Style ' , serif ;
Sans -Serif
font - family : Verdana , Geneva , sans - serif ;
font - family : Arial , Helvetica , sans - serif ;
font - family : ' Arial Black ' , Gadget , sans - serif ;
font - family : ' Arial Narrow ' , sans - serif ;
font - family : Symbol , sans - serif ;
font - family : Impact , Charcoal , sans - serif ;
font - family : Tahoma , Geneva , sans - serif ;
font - family : Century Gothic , sans - serif ;
font- family : ' Lucida Sans Unicode ' , ' Lucida Grande ' , sans - serif ;
font- family : ' Trebuchet MS ' , Helvetica , sans - serif ;
font- family : ' MS Sans Serif ' , Geneva , sans - serif ;
Monospace
font - family : ' Courier New ' , Courier , monospace ;
font - family : Courier , monospace ;
font- family : ' Lucida Console ' , Monaco , monospace ;
Cursive
font - family : ' Comic Sans MS ' , cursive ;
Written
OMPC aims to enable reuse of the huge open and free code base of MATLAB ® on a free and faster growing Python platform .
Running Python and MATLAB ® in a single interpreter avoids issues with running two separate applications .
Python adds general purpose programming libraries to the convenient syntax of the language of technical computing .
Python , OMPC uses PLY and Byteplay , but they are distributed with the source code.ctypes ( for Python version < 2.5 ) , for OMPClib : numpy , scipy , matplotlib ( pylab ) and possibly othersall platforms that support Python , ctypes , numpy , scipy , matplotlib ( pylab ) OMPC and all examples that are part of OMPC website are licensed under BSD style license
OMPC allows running MATLAB ®'s m-files using Python interpreter .
OMPC reads m-files and translates them into Python compatible code .
Just like in the following exampleOMPC is not an interpreter , it lets Python do the work .
This means that if Python gets faster OMPC gets faster too .
OMPC translates m-files preserving the structure of the original programs as much as possible .
Although OMPC comes with a library that emulates the features of MATLAB 's® numerical array of there is nothing that will stop you from running the translated code the way you like it .
This means that you could run the OMPC generated code on IronPython , Jython , PyPy or whatever else if you write your own numerical class .
Developers , testers and requests for features
MATLAB ® is a registered trademark of The MathWorks , Inc .
" Python " and the Python logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Python Software Foundation .
All the magic is made possible by python decorators and introspection .
Look at the examples section to see how it is possible to emulate implicit variables like nargin / nargout and other dynamic aspects of the MATLAB ® engine that are not available in Python .
If you want to understand more about how OMPC works , or you want to contribute in any way to the development look at the developer documentation pages .
Contributions are welcome in any form .
Anybody can contribute by testing .
The development is driven by testing and demand .
For library of functions , or toolboxes if you like OMPC project does not use any sophisticated and possibly complicated bug - tracking tool .
The reason for not using a common bug - tracking is that the development relies on contributions of non-programmers .
Comments by Mike Adams , the Health Ranger
( Natural News ) Popular antipsychotic drugs are under fire for causing severe side effects such as hyperglycemia , hyperlipidemia , and weight gain .
Researchers discussed the issue in Biological Psychiatry , noting that the mentally ill who take such drugs are already at an increased risk for developing heart disease problems including diabetes and hypertension .
Jonathan Meyer and his study team took data from the Clinical Antipsychotic Trials of Intervention Effectiveness ( CATIE ) and used it to evaluate the effect of antipsychotic drugs on systemic inflammation .
Every drug tested , particularly Zyprexa and Seroquel , markedly increased inflammation levels which are implicated in causing all sorts of other disorders .
Elevated levels of C - reactive proteins in particular were noted as a common side effect of taking antipsychotic drugs .
High levels of these proteins are implicated in bringing about illnesses like heart disease and stroke .
Cardiovascular problems have long plagued the mentally ill .
There is a much higher death rate from cardiovascular disease among the mentally ill population than there is among the general population .
With current research indicating that serious inflammation also occurs from the same drugs , all indications seem to point directly to antipsychotic drugs as the culprit in unleashing a myriad of health problems .
Study doctors believe that the findings will encourage medical professionals to more closely examine the effects of these drugs in their patients .
They also hope that as new information comes to light about the consequences of commonly - prescribed medications such as antipsychotic drugs , doctors will be more cautious in evaluating when and if to prescribe them .
According to the pharmaceutical companies , there 's no need to be concerned about the side effects caused by psychiatric drugs .
Why ?
Because
In fact , Seriously :
This is the mindset of modern medicine : Pump people full of drugs , chasing side effects with one chemical after another until people either die or run out of insurance coverage , at which point none of it really matters anymore .
From a Big Pharma marketing perspective , the best thing about pharmaceuticals is precisely the fact thatthat create long - term repeat business .
And psychiatric drugs , it turns out , are particularly good at bringing patients back to the hospital with yet more serious health problems .
Look at that orange cheese !
We had never seen cheese curds at Trader Joe ’s before .
And when I tossed them into the shopping cart , it made a certain Portland Boy very happy .
We already had a seemingly bottomless supply of poutine gravy packets at home .
We have used them for other dishes and they are actually quite tasty .
And for the potatoes , we used a Cook ’s Illustrated ( subscription required ) recipe for “ lighter ” oven fries .
But be ye not mislead .
There was nothing light about any of this .
It is unbelievably not light at all .
First , we cut up the russet potatoes into wedges and soaked them in hot tap water for 10 minutes .
When I say “ we , ” I actually mean “ Dave . ”
But it ’s easier to say “ we . ”
There are two fewer letters in the word “ we . ”
We coated a non stick baking pan with a healthy , thick layer of oil .
We drained the taters , put some oil on them , tossed with salt and pepper .
Then into a very hot oven .
You might think that oven fries are healthier because you cook them in an “ oven ” as opposed to “ deep frying . ”
But no .
There ’s still a lot of oil involved .
It ’s not deep frying , but it less like baking and more like “ shallow frying . ”
Meanwhile , let ’s look at our orange cheese curds , shall we ?
Or perhaps not .
Sometimes we do n’t need to know what we are eating .
Moving along here .
Our fries have browned up nicely and we have slaved over our poutine gravy ( add water , stir . )
The fries get a quick pat dry with paper towels and are plated .
Look at those beauties !
Hard to believe they are homemade !
Next comes the not - fattening - at - all orange cheese curds .
Mmmm .
Melty orange curds .
Then gravy .
It ’s vegetarian gravy !
Healthy !
We serve our poutine with wine in our house .
Because we are classy .
Wow .
What an enjoyable , delicious way to accelerate a cardiac arrest .
Our one disappointment was how salty it was .
Since there is so much salt in the gravy and even in the cheese curds , we wo n’t add salt to the fries next time .
You do n’t need specific poutine gravy to make this , by the way .
You can make a chicken or poultry gravy and it will work just fine .
Or even veggie gravy .
It ’s easy to make really delicious , horribly bad for you food at home !
There are numerous slang terms and street names for illicit drugs .
This drug culture has developed with its own language in which ordinary sounding words can take on entirely different meanings .
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has compiled a list of more than 2,300 terms that mean something different in the drug culture — street terms that refer to specific drug types or drug activity .﻿﻿
Slang terms used for drugs can range from humorous to clever to serious warnings .
Someone riding the wave or on the nod is under the influence of drugs .
To inject drugs with a syringe is to shoot , spike , boot , or slam the drug .
Someone who is bipping is snorting drugs , while a tweaker is a person on a mission to find crack cocaine ( but tweek is a methamphetamine - like substance ) .
People who are chiefing , blasting , or participating in a clam bake are smoking marijuana .
Marijuana
There are literally hundreds of slang terms or street names for marijuana or cannabis , the most abused drug in the United States .
Many terms have been derived from the source of the drug , the effect marijuana has on users or the appearance of the processed plant .
But some of the street names are used simply to hide the topic of the conversation .
Geographical Names for Marijuana
Some of the slang terms for marijuana combine the geographic location with the appearance of the processed plant .
Some of the following marijuana names have risen to the level of " brand names " for the illegal drug .
These terms include : African Bush , African Black , African , Afghani Indica , Acapulco Red , Canadian Black , Chocolate Thai , Columbus Black , Colombian , Hawaiian Homegrown Hay , Hawaiian Black , Indian Hemp , Indian Hay , Jamaican Red Hair , Jamaican Gold , Kentucky Blue , Kona Gold , Manhattan Silver , Mexican Red , Mexican Locoweed , Mexican Green , Mexican Brown , Pakistani Black , Panama Red , Panama Gold , Tex - Mex , and Texas Tea .
Marijuana Terms Based on Appearance
Some of the terms used to describe marijuana are based on the appearance of the processed plant .
Not all marijuana appears as a green leafy substance .
Some of the slang terms are based on the appearance of the flowers of the plant .
These terms include : Black Gunion , Black Bart , Blue Sage , Blonde , Golden , Greens , Green Goddess , Green Buds , Leaf , Queen Ann 's Lace , and Red Bud .
Slang Based on the Effects of Marijuana
Other street terms used for marijuana originated from how the drug affects users .
Different kinds of marijuana can affect users in different ways and these street names reflect those different responses .
Some of the terms refer to the potency of the various types of marijuana .
These terms include : Assassin of Youth , Babysitter , Crying Weed , Crazy Weed , Dinkie Dow , Giggle Weed , Giggle Smoke , Dry High , Joy Smoke , Jolly Green , Killer Weed , Laughing Grass , Laughing Weed , Love Weed , Loco Weed , Magic Smoke , Righteous Bush , Sinsemilla , and Wacky Weed .
Terms Based on Marijuana Packaging
Still other names used to refer to marijuana are based on how the drug is packaged , either at the wholesale bulk level or at the street sales level .
Some of these terms are related to how users prepare the drug before smoking it .
Some are alternate names for marijuana cigarettes .
These terms include : Bale , Doobie , Doobee , Doob , Dube , Finger Lid , Grass Brownies , Loaf , and Number .
Terms Based on the Word " Marijuana "
There are many other street terms that are simply alterations of the word " marijuana " itself .
And then there are slang terms for marijuana that are based on alternate descriptions of the cannabis plant .
These are some of the most well - known names for marijuana .
These terms include : Aunt Mary , Jane , Juanita , M.J. , Mary Jonas , Mary Jane , Mary Ann , Mary and Johnny , Mary , Meggie , Megg , Meg , Mary Weaver , Mary Warner , Pot , Reefer , Rope , Tea , and Weed .
Marijuana Names Used to Deceive
Finally , there are hundreds of street names for marijuana that seem to be based on no other reason except to cover up the topic of the conversation from possible eavesdroppers .
Although some of these may be vaguely based on the appearance or effects of the drug , most seem to have no other purpose except to disguise the topic being discussed .
Deceptive marijuana terms include : Ashes , Astro Turf , Bash , Bar , Bammy , Bo- Bo , Bo , Broccoli , Colorado Cocktail , Flower Tops , Haircut , Herb , Mootie , Mutha , Muggles , Rainy Day Woman , Skunk , Sticky Icky , Sweet Lucy , and Yellow Submarine .
Cocaine
At the peak of its use in the 1970s and 1980s , cocaine began to influence many aspects of the American culture .
Glamorized in songs , movies and throughout the disco music culture , cocaine became a very popular recreational drug .
Some of the street names , slang terms , and nicknames were given to cocaine during the height of its popularity have become part of the American lexicon .
Terms Based on Appearance
Cocaine begins as green leaves of the coca plant , but by the time it reaches users , it is a flaky white powder ( or hard , white rocks in the form of crack cocaine ) .
The appearance of the drug has been the basis for many of its street names or nicknames .
These include : Bernie 's Flakes , Big Bloke , Bernie 's Gold Dust , Big Flake , Blanca , Crack , Flake , Gold Dust , Haven Dust , Have A Dust , Icing , Line , Pearl , Paradise White , Snow White , Snowcones , Sleigh Ride , White Powder , and White Mosquito .
Terms Based on Cocaine 's Cultural Influences
As the drug began to gain popularity in the 1970s , it also began to influence many areas of society , particularly the entertainment industry .
Many of the slang terms that evolved into the language were the result of cocaine 's influence on American culture , as well as the culture 's influence on the use of the drug .
Here are some examples : All - American Drug , California Cornflakes , Dream , Double Bubble , Florida Snow , Gift - Of - The - Sun , Foo-Foo Dust , Foo Foo , Girlfriend , Gin , Gift - Of - The - Sun-God , Hunter , King 's Habit , King , Love Affair , Late Night , Movie Star Drug , Pimp , Scorpion , Schoolboy , Sevenup , Studio Fuel , Star - Spangled Powder , Stardust , and Society High .
Terms Based on Geographical Origin
Some names used for cocaine are based on the geographic origin of the drug , or at least the perceived geographic origin of the drug .
These include : Burnese , Inca Message , Peruvian , Perico Cocaine , Percio , Percia , Peruvian Lady , and Peruvian Flake .
Terms Based on Effects of Cocaine
More names for cocaine were derived from how the drug affects its users .
The potency or the pureness of the drug also prompted many of its colorful nicknames and street names .
These include : Big Rush , Bouncing Powder , Friskie Powder , Glad Stuff , Happy Trails , Happy Powder , Happy Dust , Love Affair , Marching Powder , Marching Dust , Crack , Nose Powder , Nose Candy , Paradise , and Nose Stuff .
Cocaine Terms Based People and Characters
For most illegal drugs , some of the street names used to refer to cocaine sound like names of people , at least in part to disguise the subject of the conversation .
Some of these nicknames are based loosely on the word " cocaine " while others seem to have no logical connection at all .
These include : Aunt Nora , Angie , Bernie , Bernice , Billie Hoke , Cecil , Carrie Nation , Carrie , Choe , Chippy , Charlie , Corrinne , Corrine , Henry VIII , Her , Jejo , Lady Snow , Merck , Merk , Nieve , Mujer , Schmeck , Serpico 21 , and Scottie .
Plays on the Word " Cocaine "
Some of cocaine 's street names are simply derivatives of the word " cocaine " itself , or plays on the word " cocaine " or " coke . "
For example : C , Big C , C - Game , Coke , Coconut , Coca , Cola , Lady Caine , and Mama Coca .
Purely Deceptive Street Names
Finally , there are dozens of slang terms for cocaine that seem to be based on no other criteria except that they are deceptive .
These names are used by cocaine users to cover up the topic of their conversations about the drug in case they are overheard by others .
These terms include : Base , Basa , Barbs , Bazulco , Beam , Boy , Burese , Carnie , Candy C , Came , C- Dust , Cholly , Combol , Duct , Esnortiar , El Perico , Jelly , Mosquitos , Monster , Teenager , Tardust , Yesco , Yesca , and Zambi .
Heroin
Some of the slang terms for heroin are based on the drug 's appearance after it is cut and packaged for sale on the street .
Some terms are based on the color of the drug and others on its composition .
These include : Black Eagle , Black Tar , Black Pearl , Brown Crystal , Brown Tape , Brown Sugar , Brown Rhine , Dirt , Diesel , Golden Girl , Orange Line , Red Rock , Red Eagle , Red Chicken , Salt , Spider Blue , White Stuff , White Nurse , White Junk , White Stuff , White Nurse , and White Junk .
Place of Origin
A few of the slang terms for heroin are derived from the supposed origin of the drug : Chinese Red , Mexican Mud , and Mexican Horse .
Effects of Heroin
Many of the nicknames given to heroin over the years have to do with the effect it has on the user or the quality or pureness of the drug at the street level .
These include : Brain Damage , Dead on Arrival , Hard Stuff , Hard Candy , Hairy , Hell Dust , Holy Terror , Joy Flakes , Nice and Easy , Rush Hour , and Sweet Dreams .
Names Based on People and Characters
Some of the most colorful street terms are the names of people or characters loosely associated with the drug or simply because their names start with the letter H. Sometimes , there seems to be no logic at all behind the nickname .
These terms include : Aunt Hazel , Al Capone , Batman , Bart Simpson , Big Harry , Charley , Dooley , Dr. Feelgood , George , Harry , Helen , Hazel , Henry , Hombre , Pluto , Rambo , Scott , The Witch , and The Beast .
Terms Based on Packaging
Some nicknames are based on how heroin is packaged by street level dealers , either by the packaging 's appearance or cost : Big Bag , Blue Bag , Blue Star , Brick Gum , and Nickel Deck .
Names Based on the Word " Heroin "
Many slang terms are plays on the word " heroin " or are mispronunciations of the word .
Others are used just because they begin with the letter H . These include : Big H , Capital H , Galloping Horse , H , Good Horse , Good H , H Caps , Hayron , Hera , Horse , and Hero .
Names Based on Deception
Like street terms for other illegal drugs , many of the slang terms for heroin are used to simply disguise the true topic of the conversation to others .
These include : Aries , Antifreeze , Ballot , Big Doodig , Bozo , Bonita , Bombs Away , Bull Dog , Foil , Ferry Dust , Little Boy , Noise , Reindeer Dust , Scag , Skag , Smack , and Tootsie Roll .
Depressants
When prescription drugs make their way to the street to be sold for misuse or nonmedical use , they often are given street names .
This is the case for depressants — barbiturates and benzodiazepines — which are medications prescribed as sedatives or tranquilizers to treat anxiety and insomnia .
Names Based on Appearance
As with many drugs and medications , nicknames are often derived from the appearance of the drug .
In the case of depressants , many street names refer to the color (s ) of the pills or capsules .
These include : Blue Bullets , Blue Birds , Blue Angels , Blue Tips , Blue Heavens , Blue Dolls , Blue Devil , Green Frog , Green Dragons , Marshmallow Reds , Pink Ladies , Red Bullets , Red and Blue , Rainbows , Reds , and Strawberries .
The Effects of Depressants
Another common source for the street name of a drug is the effect that it has on the user .
Because barbiturates and benzodiazepines act to depress the central nervous system , many slang names for depressants refer to slowing down : Block Busters , Busters , Downer , Double Trouble , Goofers , Drowsy High , Downie , Idiot Pills , Lay Back , Stumbler , and Stoppers .
Plays on the Real Names
For depressants , one of the most common sources for nicknames comes from the real names for the medications .
Many depressants street names are shortened or alternative versions of their brand names or generic medication names .
For example : Barbies , Barb , Bambs , Luds , Ludes , Nimbies , Nemmies , Nebbies , Quad , Phenos , Phennies , Quas , Softballs , Seggy , Seccy , Sopers , Tuie , Tranq , Tooties , and Tooles .
Cultural or Colloquial References
Some drug names come from how , when and where they are used .
Cultural references and colloquial uses can become nicknames for sedatives and tranquilizers just as they can for illicit drugs .
These include : Christmas Rolls , Chorals , Dolls , Disco Biscuits , Gangster Pills , and Gorilla Pills .
People and Fictional Characters
Almost all drugs of abuse have a group of nicknames that refer to people or fictional characters .
Some of them are logical uses of the name , while others do n't seem to make any sense at all .
The same is true for some street names of depressants : Mickey Finn , King Kong Pills , Mother 's Little Helper , Mighty Joe Young , and Mickey's .
Purely Deceptive Names
Like most drug slang terms , some nicknames for depressants have origins that do not seem to make any sense at all .
The names are seemingly created for no other reason than to disguise the topic of conversation .
These terms include : Backwards , Coral , Joy Juice , Jellies , and Peth .
Amphetamines
Amphetamines have a long list of slang names based on the appearance of the pills , the effect the drug has , and of course , names for deceptive purposes only .
Slang or street terms for amphetamines include : Amp , Bennie , Benz , Black and White , Black Beauties , Black Birds , Black Bombers , Black Mollies , Blacks , Blue Boy , Brain Ticklers , Brownies , Bumblebees , Cartwheels , Chalk , Chicken Powder , Christina , Co-Pilot , Coasts to Coasts , Crisscross , Cross Tops , Crossroads , Dexies , Diet Pills , Dominoes , Double Cross , Fives , Footballs , Forwards , French Blue , Head Drugs , Hearts , Horse Heads , Jam Cecil , Jelly Baby , Jolly Bean , Jugs , Leapers , Lid Proppers , Lightning , Marathons , Minibennie , Nugget , Oranges , Peaches , Pep Pills , Pink Hearts , Pixies , Rhythm , Rippers , Road Dope , Rosa , Roses , Snap , Snow Pallets , Sparkle Plenty , Sparklers , Splash , Splivins , Thrusters , Truck Drivers , Turnabout , Uppers , Uppies , Wake Ups , White , Whites , and Zoomers .
Methamphetamine
Methamphetamine also has a variety of colorful street names based on similar traits .
These terms include : Beannies , Black Beauty , Blade , Bling Bling , Blue Devils , Blue Meth , Chicken Feed , Cinnamon , Clear , Cr , Crink , Cris , Cristina , Crossles , Crypto , Crystal Meth , Desocsins , Desogtion , Fast , Geep , Geeter , Getgo , Granulated Orange , Kaksonjae , L.A. Glass , L.A. Ice , Load Of Laundry , Meth , Methlies Quik , Motorcycle Crack , Nazimeth , Pink , Pink Elephants , Po Coke , Poor Man's Coke , Redneck Cocaine , Rock , Schmiz , Scootie , Sketch , Spackle , Speckled Birds , Spoosh , Tick Tick , Trash , Wash , Work , Working Man's Cocaine , Yaba , Yellow Bam , and Yellow Powder .
Ecstasy or MDMA
Some of the most colorful slang terms are used for Ecstasy or MDMA , based on the name of the drug , effects , and appearance .
These terms include : Adam , Baby Slits , Beans , Booty Juice , Candy , Chocolate Chips , Clarity , Dancing Shoes , Decadence , Disco Biscuits , Doctor , Doves , E-Bomb , E , Egg Rolls , Essence , Happy Pill , Hug Drug , Kleenex , Love Doctor , Love Drug , Love Potion No. 9 , Love Trip , Malcolm , Malcolm X , Molly , Scooby Snacks , Skittles , Slits , Smartees , Speed for lovers , Sweets , Thizz , Vitamin E , Vitamin X , Vowels , and XTC .
New Yorkers are fleeing the state and city in alarming numbers — and costing a fortune in lost tax dollars , a new study shows .
More than 1.5 million state residents left for other parts of the United States from 2000 to 2008 , according to the report from the Empire Center for New York State Policy .
It was the biggest out - of - state migration in the country .
The vast majority of the migrants , 1.1 million , were former residents of New York City — meaning one out of seven city taxpayers moved out .
“ The Empire State is being drained of an invaluable resource — people , ” the report said .
What ’s worse is that the families fleeing New York are being replaced by lower - income newcomers , who consequently pay less in taxes .
Overall , the ex-New Yorkers earn about 13 percent more than those who moved into the state , the study found .
And it should be no surprise that the city — and Manhattan in particular — suffered the biggest loss in terms of taxable income .
The average Manhattan taxpayer who left the state earned $ 93,264 a year .
The average newcomer to Manhattan earned only $ 72,726 .
That ’s a difference of $ 20,538 , the highest for any county in the state .
Staten Island was second , with a $ 20,066 difference .
It all adds up to staggering loss in taxable income .
During 2006 - 2007 , the “ migration flow ” out of New York to other states amounted to a loss of $ 4.3 billion .
The study used annual US Census reports , which showed which states had increased population , combined with Internal Revenue Service data , which show which states , cities and counties had lost people .
While New York City and the state were the losers , the Sunshine and Garden States were winners .
more than 250,000 New Yorkers who lived in and around the city fled to Florida .
Another 172,000 city taxpayers ended up in New Jersey .
Why all the moving vans ?
The center , part of the conservative Manhattan Institute , blames the state ’s high cost of living and high taxes .
The study also revealed surprising details about how city residents moved from borough to borough .
Manhattan lost 64,480 taxpayers , and more than half — 34,383 — went to The Bronx .
Brooklyn lost 68,951 taxpayers — including 43,688 who went to Staten Island .
The study also had some good news .
The peak loss of New Yorkers was in 2005 , when nearly 250,000 residents left the state .
But last year , only 126,000 left , the lowest figure over the eight - year period .
andy.soltis@nypost.com
Tools & Technology that made us Better Web Hosting Company !!
Our unique hosting solution and expertise guarantee superior Experience .
cPanel the # 1 web hosting control panel
We are using cPanel as hosting control panel which will give you access to hundreds of tools at a mouse click to create , manage and edit your website .
It 's been the # 1 choice and widely used software so you will get best support and very easy to use .
Lightning Fast SSD cloud servers
We prefer to be advance at hardware level , so we mostly have all of our servers at cloud based SSD server , which is 150 times faster than usual HDD servers .
Being at cloud make us assure better uptime , faster speed and with instant failover " more reliability " .
Load Balancer for Higher Availability
The whole infrastructure is cloud based which includes load balancing and redundancy features that improve server performance and uptime .
We are at a Cisco based public network which offers 100 Gbps capacity with 10 Gbps capacity between layers .
Servers optimized for WordPress , Joomla ...
Where more than 50 % websites are using web scripts like WordPress , Joomla , Drupal , Magento , PHPbb etc , our web servers are specially optimized to server you better hosting experience for these scripts .
Our servers are incredibly fast & reliable .
99.9 % Uptime Guarantee Being at cloud environment where hosting is scalable and we can increase and add hardware without taking it offline , enables us to guarantee you 99.9 % uptime .
We had placed our servers at Datacenters with 100 % network SLA with 30 min hardware replacement guarantee .
Creative Staff , Creative Problem Solving
We always hire the best , most experienced , dedicated , object oriented and more importantly most creative talents .
Being in a industry where most clients are creativity experts , designers and developers , made us hire the best creative staffs .
90 Days Money Back Guarantee
Most clients are Happy with our hosting service , yet if you have any doubt or hesitation , we offer money back guarantee within first 90 Days .
All though you can try our 30 Days Free Trail option as well .
Water bill hikes will push some to £ 1,000
Water bills could top £ 1,000 a year as thousands of families face punishing increases of up to 29 % .
Money down the drain :
Water bills could reach £ 1,000 a year
Those without meters will be especially hard hit despite industry regulators promising help for hard - pressed consumers .
Although they have capped rises between 2010 and 2015 , there will still be huge increases in many areas .
The typical bill for families in the South - West without a water meter will rise by 29 % on top of inflation , up by more than £ 200 to £ 935 .
Once inflation is added , they are likely to pay more than £ 1,000 a year from April 2014 .
Families without meters in the Wessex Water area will see a rise of 20 % above inflation .
The figure is 13 % above inflation in the Anglian Water area , 12 % for customers of Northumbrian Water and 10 % in the Yorkshire Water area .
The Government has made it clear it would like to force meters on millions of families to encourage them to cut their water use .
The latest price rises could have that effect , as customers find the only way to cut their bills is to switch .
Thames
Water is the UK 's largest water company , covering 3.2 m homes .
Households that do not have a meter - currently 2.4 m - will see their bill rise by 9 % on top of inflation between 2010 and 2015 .
Among the smaller water companies , there will be a 17 % rise above inflation for customers of Bristol Water without meters , and a 15 % rise at South East Water .
The size of the bills has been decided by the industry regulator , Ofwat , which assesses what is needed to pay for work to improve pipes , deal with leaks and alleviate sewer flooding .
Water companies were lobbying for even bigger rises .
South West Water proposed a rise of 40 % above inflation for non-meter homes , while Thames sought a 25 % rise .
But consumer groups said the discrimination against customers without water meters was still of ' deep concern ' .
More than 70 % of consumers in the South - West are opposed to the increases , according to the Consumer Council for Water .
Its South - West chairman , Charles Howeson , said : ' We will push Ofwat hard on the issue of the disproportionate impact of these decisions on un-metered customers .
Customers should not be driven into switching to metered charges by making unmetered bills unaffordable . '
But Ofwat chief executive Regina Finn insisted the regulator was protecting consumers .
She said the national average bill - before inflation - would come down by £ 3 to £ 340 by 2015 .
' We 've scrutinised every pound in the companies ' plans to make sure they deliver what customers want at a fair price , ' she said .
' We 're allowing companies to invest more than ever before , £ 22bn . '
Some companies have indicated they may challenge Ofwat 's ruling and seek higher rises through an appeal to the Competition Commission .
Industry trade body Water UK said its members would not have the money to carry out essential maintenance work .
The findings appeared in an audit of a children ’s hospital in Basra , but they referred to the wider reconstruction activities of the development agency in Iraq .
American and Iraqi officials reported this week that the State Department planned to drop Bechtel , its contractor on that project , as signs of budget and scheduling problems began to surface .
The United States Embassy in Baghdad referred questions about the audit to the State Department in Washington , where a spokesman , Justin Higgins , said Saturday , “ We have not yet had a chance to fully review this report , but certainly will consider it carefully , as we do all the findings of the inspector general . ”
Bechtel has said that because of the deteriorating security in Basra , the hospital project could not be completed as envisioned .
But Mr. Higgins said : “ Despite the challenges , we are committed to completing this project so that sick children in Basra can receive the medical help they need .
The necessary funding is now in place to ensure that will happen . ”
In March 2005 , A.I.D. asked the Iraq Reconstruction and Management Office at the United States Embassy in Baghdad for permission to downsize some projects to ease widespread financing problems .
In its request , it said that it had to “ absorb greatly increased construction costs ” at the Basra hospital and that it would make a modest shift of priorities and reduce “ contractor overhead ” on the project .
The embassy office approved the request .
But the audit found that the agency interpreted the document as permission to change reporting of costs across its program .
