Scientists at Duke University Medical Center have demonstrated they can grow human stem cells in the laboratory by blocking an enzyme that naturally triggers stem cells to mature and differentiate into specialized cells .
The discovery may enable scientists to rapidly grow stem cells and transplant them into patients with blood disorders , immune defects and select genetic diseases , said the Duke researchers .
Stem cells are the most flexible cells in the body , continually dividing into new stem cells or into specialized cells that carry out specific roles in the body .
But little is known about how stem cells choose their fate .
The Duke team focused on “ hematopoietic ” or blood stem cells .
In their study , the investigators discovered that an enzyme , aldehyde dehydrogenase ( ALDH ) , stimulates hematopoietic stem cells to mature and transform into blood or immune cells , a process called differentiation .
They inhibited this enzyme in stem cell cultures and successfully increased the number of stem cells by 3.4 fold .
Moreover , they demonstrated the new stem cells were capable of fully rebuilding the blood - forming and immune systems of immune - deficient mice .
Results of the study are published on line and will be published in the August 10 , 2006 , issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
“ Our ability to treat human diseases is limited by our knowledge of how human stem cells determine their fate — that is , whether they maintain their ability to self - renew or whether they go on to become specialized cells , ” said John Chute , M.D. , associate professor of medicine in the Duke Adult Bone Marrow and Stem Cell Transplant Program .
“ Unraveling the pathways that regulate self - renewal or differentiation in human stem cells can facilitate our ability to expand the growth of human stem cells for therapeutic uses . ”
Currently , patients who require stem cell transplants are given either bone marrow from adult donors , umbilical cord blood derived from newborn babies , or stem cells from blood .
But stem cells are scarce , representing less than 0.01 percent of the bone marrow cell population .
Likewise , cord blood units frequently lack sufficient numbers of stem cells to rebuild a patient ’s decimated immune system .
Efforts to grow human hematopoietic stem cells in the laboratory have proven extraordinarily difficult , Chute said , because growth factors in culture make stem cells rapidly differentiate .
The scientists searched for ways to block a stem cell ’s natural propensity to differentiate without promoting uncontrolled growth .
The researchers focused on the ALDH enzyme because it is a telltale “ marker ” that distinguishes stem cells from other blood and immune cells .
Moreover , it is known to play an essential role in the body ’s production of retinoic acids , which regulate cell differentiation in a variety of tissues .
Yet how ALDH functions in stem cells remained unknown , Chute said .
The scientists began by analyzing how stem cells behave under normal circumstances when grown in culture .
They mixed together purified human stem cells with growth factors that induce stem cells to mature and differentiate .
As expected , the stem cells showed a marked decline in number as they differentiated into other types of specialized cells .
By day seven , all stem cells had disappeared from culture .
The scientists then added an inhibitor of ALDH to the stem cell cultures , and they found that half of the stem cells maintained their immature and undifferentiated status .
Moreover , adding the inhibitor caused a 3.4 - fold increase in stem cell numbers within seven days .
Next , the scientists transplanted the cultured stem cells into immune - deficient mice to determine how the stem cells would behave .
The new population of stem cells migrated to the bone marrow as expected and successfully “ engrafted , ” or took hold in the bone marrow , where they began to produce new blood and immune cells .
“ ALDH appears to play a fundamental role in the differentiation program of human hematopoietic stem cells , ” Chute said .
“ Inhibition of this enzyme facilitates the expansion of human hematopoietic stem cells in culture . ”
Chute said their results reveal a unique role for both ALDH and the process of retinoic acid signaling in human stem cells .
Chute and colleague Donald McDonnell , Ph.D. , professor of pharmacology and cancer biology , are currently testing whether they can directly block the retinoic acid receptors in stem cells and produce a comparable expansion of human stem cells .
The investigators plan to develop a clinical trial to test their approach to expand human stem cells for therapeutic purposes .
Source : Duke University Medical Center
Skyrocketing prices on housing and professional space have driven many artists out of the very neighborhoods they helped to pioneer , and other cities , including Philadelphia and Minneapolis , have been very aggressive at luring artists their way with marketing campaigns and housing incentives .
Two years ago , Hope Forstenzer , a graphic designer and glass blower who had lived and worked in Brooklyn for 10 years , left for Seattle because of the high cost for work space .
" There was just no way with the way my finances were set up so that I could ever buy a co-op in New York , " Ms. Forstenzer said in an interview .
" What you need to put down has gone from 10 percent to 20 percent , and that , combined with the fact that the price for electricity skyrocketed , I chose to come here , where I could buy a house for 5 percent down . "
Like many other artists who have traditionally set up shop in the city 's less expensive quarters , " What I want for my life is to get by on as little money as possible and do as much of my art is possible , " she said .
" But there is no such thing as what SoHo was or even Williamsburg once was , where a group of artists could buy a building .
That is no longer possible in New York . "
The consolidation of industries that serve artists or distribute their goods has also pushed artists out .
Kevin Cunningham , executive artistic director of 3 - Legged Dog , a media and theater company , cited the consolidation of vendors that rent lights and equipment in the last decade , which has resulted , he said , in a 250 percent rise in costs for that equipment .
The city 's Department of Cultural Affairs , aware of the potential for brain drain in the arts , is working to create new housing and financing packages for people in the arts .
For example , the city has found ways to use bonds traditionally sold for investments in public property to help private arts concerns .
The city is also pursuing an arrangement to allow artists to invest in buildings with philanthropists putting up half of the money , with the agreement that they would get half the profits in a sale , a program without real precedent in New York .
" There is widespread appreciation of the role arts plays in shaping our economy , " said Kate D. Levin , New York 's cultural affairs commissioner .
" We think there is a sense of possibility in addressing these issues that was n't there before .
We frankly defined some of these areas of concern .
They are complicated issues . "
The Green Vault - one of Europe 's finest treasure collections - is reopening in Dresden , after 68 years .
It was amassed by Augustus the Strong , the 18th - Century Prince of Saxony .
This stunning sculpture of a Moor , bearing a chunk of emerald ore brought back from Latin America , was crafted in the Baroque workshops of 1720s Dresden .
More than 3,000 works of art and precious stones , including the ceremonial jewellery of the House of Saxony , are displayed at Dresden 's Royal Palace .
The treasures , including this amber goblet , are exhibited in nine rooms , each devoted to a particular precious material .
Photo : Dresden State Art Collections .
The Green Vault is said to have been Europe 's first museum with paying guests .
Visiting nobility would pay a ducat to admire the collection .
Photo : Dresden State Art Collections .
In World War II the collection escaped destruction - it was stored in a nearby fortress .
After the war the Red Army took it to Moscow .
Photo : Dresden State Art Collections .
The treasure trove was sent back in 1958 and some of it was later displayed .
Only now has it been restored to its full splendour .
Photo : Dresden State Art Collections .
The focal point of the exhibition is the Gem Hall , with its ornate walls .
The magical effect is enhanced by mirrors , lamps and glittering marble .
Photo : Dresden State Art Collections .
The Green Vault has been officially inaugurated and opens to the public on 15 September .
Photo : Dresden State Art Collections .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Next
E-mail this to a friend
In a move that could have huge implications for the US patent system , the Supreme Court has agreed to hear arguments in the case of KSR v. Teleflex .
The case centers on the question of obviousness : when is a patent so ... patently obvious that it should not be granted ?
KSR International manufactures gas pedals for a number of GM trucks and SUVs .
A few years ago , it came up with an electronic sensor that could automatically adjust the height of a vehicle 's pedals to the height of a driver .
Teleflex sued KSR , saying that the adjustable pedals infringed on its patent for a similar product .
Over the course of the litigation , KSR raised the question of obviousness .
According to a 1952 federal patent law , an invention cannot be patented if a " person having ordinary skill in the art " would consider it obvious .
KSR won in the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit , but made the unusual move of appealing the decision to the Supreme Court on the basis that the appeals court did not apply the test of obviousness , and furthermore , has been misapplying federal patent law for years .
Instead , KSR argues that the US Patent and Trademark Office should deny patents in cases where the invention merely combines components performing functions that they were previously known to do .
KSR 's petition ( PDF ) claims that the court uses a lower standard under which an invention cannot be called obvious in the " absence of some proven ' teaching , suggestion , or motivation ' that would have led a person of ordinary skill in the art to combine the relevant prior art teachings in the manner claimed . "
In other words , if someone dreams up a combination of two existing items ( e.g. , a gas pedal and an electronic sensor , or a wireless network and e-mail ) , a patent should be granted unless there is prior art suggesting that the items could be combined in such a manner .
That litmus test disregards the question of obviousness altogether , and as such , KSR believes , ignores the relevant provision of the 1952 law .
KSR has garnered some high - profile friends in its appeal : Microsoft and Cisco have submitted a " friend of the court " brief ( PDF ) supporting KSR 's position .
The brief argues that the lower court 's test " establishes too lenient a standard for patentability , and it has had a stifling effect on true innovation because it encumbers ideas well beyond the limits imposed by Congress for patentable inventions . "
If the Supreme Court restores the test of obviousness to the patent process , it could have huge ramifications for patent law and would be a good first step in a much - needed reform of the US patent system .
Patents such as Clear Channel 's Instant Live patent , which covers instant CD recordings of live shows , could find themselves in danger of extinction as a result .
WASHINGTON , Aug. 10  The two top officials of Counterintelligence Field Activity at the Defense Department resigned this week amid investigations into their agency ’s classified contracts with a businessman who has pleaded guilty to bribing department officials and Representative Randy Cunningham .
The resignations , which were first reported Thursday in The Washington Post , are the latest sign that the scandal surrounding Mr. Cunningham , a California Republican who stepped down last fall , is still unfolding .
The new departures come as the House intelligence committee is preparing its own report on corrupt favors performed by Mr. Cunningham as a member of the panel .
The two officials , David A. Burtt II , the director of Counterintelligence Field Activity , and Joseph Hefferon , the deputy director , could not be reached for comment .
A Pentagon spokeswoman said Thursday that their resignations were “ a personal decision that they both made together . ”
Federal prosecutors have named the counterintelligence agency in court papers as a source of tens of millions of dollars in inflated contracts provided to Mitchell J. Wade , chief executive of the military contractor MZM Inc .
Charles Sibindana , 27 , stole a certificate from a clinic during his pregnant girlfriend 's checkup , a court near Johannesburg heard .
He then added his own details to the note and submitted it and took seven days off work , seemingly unaware that only women consult gynaecologists .
His employers became suspicious and investigated the matter .
On passing sentence Magistrate Bruno Van Eeden warned Mr Sibindana " not to walk around faking sick letters from gynaecologists " as if he was pregnant , the South African Press Association news agency reported .
The presenter is being treated at Leeds General Infirmary
The 36 - year - old was taken by air ambulance to Leeds General Infirmary 's neurological unit on Wednesday .
A hospital spokesman said : " He has seen some improvement overnight , but remains in a serious but stable condition . "
Mr Hammond had been in a dragster - style car capable of reaching speeds of about 300 mph at Elvington airfield near York .
The hospital said his wife was at his bedside and , at the request of his family , no more information would be released .
The crash will be investigated by the Health and Safety Executive and the BBC .
The BBC said in a statement : " We are looking into all the factors of this accident and it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage until we know the full situation . "
He has brought an awful lot to the programme
Quentin Willson , former Top Gear presenter
Send us your comments
The dragster car he was driving was believed to have been travelling at about 300 mph when it crashed .
Motoring expert Adam Rayner , of Fast Car magazine , said that at those speeds the driver would experience forces similar to those endured by fighter pilots .
" These cars accelerate at 6G - the force is breathtaking and stopping is a real difficulty , " he said .
Former firefighter Dave Ogden , who runs private firm Event Fire Services , was one of the first people at the scene of the crash .
He said : " We were down there with Top Gear who were filming him trying to break the British land speed record .
" On the previous run , the car had just gone over 300 mph but I am not sure if it had broken the record .
The scene at the former RAF airfield where the crash happened
" They had just done one more run and were planning to finish when it veered off to the right .
" One of the parachutes had deployed but it went on to the grass and spun over and over before coming to a rest about 100 yards from us . "
He said his crew and an ambulance that was already on the airfield rushed over and found the car upside down and " dug in " to the grass .
Mr Ogden said he felt for a pulse and heard Mr Hammond breathing before the emergency crews worked together to turn the car the right way up and then cut him free .
He added : " He was regaining consciousness at that point and said he had some lower back pain .
But he was drifting in and out of consciousness a little bit . "
Former Top Gear presenter Quentin Willson said the presenter was " irreplaceable " .
' International personality '
He said : " He is a wonderful , unique and distinctive Top Gear presenter .
" He has brought an awful lot to the programme and his indefatigable energy , the fact that he tries absolutely anything once , may have been the reason that he has overstepped the mark a bit .
" He has turned Top Gear into a gang show with Jeremy and James and the three of them have wowed audiences all over the world and he is an international personality . "
Mr Willson added : " There is no pressure from the BBC or the producer to take undue risks .
" But that pressure is in your own head .
You want to do an item on the programme which is mindblowing . "
The presenter , who works on Top Gear with fellow hosts Jeremy Clarkson and James May , grew up in Solihull , was educated in Yorkshire and lives near Cheltenham with his wife and children .
In addition to presenting Top Gear for the BBC , he is also presenting the current series of Brainiac on Sky One .
British holidaymakers staged an unprecedented mutiny - refusing to allow their flight to take off until two men they feared were terrorists were forcibly removed .
The extraordinary scenes happened after some of the 150 passengers on a Malaga - Manchester flight overheard two men of Asian appearance apparently talking Arabic .
Passengers told cabin crew they feared for their safety and demanded police action .
Some stormed off the Monarch Airlines Airbus A320 minutes before it was due to leave the Costa del Sol at 3 am .
Others waiting for Flight ZB 613 in the departure lounge refused to board it .
The incident fuels the row over airport security following the arrest of more than 20 people allegedly planning the suicide - bombing of transatlantic jets from the UK to America .
It comes amid growing demands for passenger - profiling and selective security checks .
It also raised fears that more travellers will take the law into their own hands - effectively conducting their own ' passenger profiles ' .
The passenger revolt came as Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary was accused of using the terror crisis to make money .
Government sources say he boasted to an official at the Transport Department : " Every time I appear on TV , I get a spike in sales . "
The Tories said the Government 's failure to reassure travellers had led the Malaga passengers to ' behave irrationally ' and ' hand a victory to terrorists ' .
Websites used by pilots and cabin crew were yesterday reporting further incidents .
In one , two British women with young children on another flight from Spain complained about flying with a bearded Muslim even though he had been security - checked twice before boarding .
The trouble in Malaga flared last Wednesday as two British citizens in their 20s waited in the departure lounge to board the pre-dawn flight and were heard talking what passengers took to be Arabic .
Worries spread after a female passenger said she had heard something that alarmed her .
Passengers noticed that , despite the heat , the pair were wearing leather jackets and thick jumpers and were regularly checking their watches .
Initially , six passengers refused to board the flight .
On board the aircraft , word reached one family .
To the astonishment of cabin crew , they stood up and walked off , followed quickly by others .
The Monarch pilot - a highly experienced captain - accompanied by armed Civil Guard police and airport security staff , approached the two men and took their passports .
Half an hour later , police returned and escorted the two Asian passengers off the jet .
' There was no fuss or panic '
Soon afterwards , the aircraft was cleared while police did a thorough security sweep .
Nothing was found and the plane took off - three hours late and without the two men on board .
Monarch arranged for them to spend the rest of the night in an airport hotel and flew them back to Manchester later on Wednesday .
College lecturer Jo Schofield , her husband Heath and daughters Emily , 15 , and Isabel , 12 , were caught up in the passenger mutiny .
Mrs Schofield , 38 , said : " The plane was not yet full and it became apparent that people were refusing to board .
In the gate waiting area , people had been talking about these two , who looked really suspicious with their heavy clothing , scruffy , rough , appearance and long hair .
" Some of the older children , who had seen the terror alert on television , were starting to mutter things like , ' Those two look like they 're bombers . '
" Then a family stood up and walked off the aircraft .
They were joined by others , about eight in all .
We learned later that six or seven people had refused to get on the plane .
" There was no fuss or panic .
People just calmly and quietly got off the plane .
There were no racist taunts or any remarks directed at the men .
" It was an eerie scene , very quiet .
The children were starting to ask what was going on .
We tried to play it down . "
Mr Schofield , 40 , an area sales manager , said : " When the men were taken off they did n't argue or say a word .
They just picked up their coats and obeyed the police .
They seemed resigned to the fact they were under suspicion .
" The captain and crew were very apologetic when we were asked to evacuate the plane for the security search .
But there was no dissent .
" While we were waiting , everyone agreed the men looked dodgy .
Some passengers were very panicky and in tears .
There was a lot of talking about terrorists . "
Patrick Mercer , the Tory Homeland Security spokesman , said last night : " This is a victory for terrorists .
These people on the flight have been terrorised into behaving irrationally .
" For those unfortunate two men to be victimised because of the colour of their skin is just nonsense . "
Monarch said last night : " The captain was concerned about the security surrounding the two gentlemen on the aircraft and the decision was taken to remove them from the flight for further security checks .
" The two passengers offloaded from the flight were later cleared by airport security and rebooked to travel back to Manchester on a later flight . "
A spokesman for the Civil Guard in Malaga said : " These men had aroused suspicion because of their appearance and the fact that they were speaking in a foreign language thought to be an Arabic language , and the pilot was refusing to take off until they were escorted off the plane . "
Haiku Poems : Tradition , History , and Famous Poets
History and Explanation of Haiku
Haiku is a major type of Japanese poetry .
Haiku was previously called ' hokku ' , but given its current name by Masaoka Shiki at the end of the 19th century .
The name was suggested as an abbreviation of the phrase " haikai no ku " meaning a verse of haikai .
Traditionally haikai is written as one line vertical line , although handwritten form may be in any number of lines .
In English , haiku is generally written in three lines to equate to the three parts of a haiku in Japanese that consists of five , seven and then five on ( the Japanese count sounds , not syllables ) .
For example , the word ' haiku ' contains three " onji " ( ha - i - ku ) , but two syllables in English .
So producing a poem with seventeen syllables in English is considerably longer than the traditional haiku .
Thus , the closest equivalent to " onji " is the phonetic mora .
In Japanese haiku , a kireji ( cutting word ) is used at the end of one of the three lines .
In Japanese there are actual kireji words which act as punctuation , e.g. ' ya ' in Bashō's " furuike ya " poem .
Since there is no English equivalent to the kireji , other forms of punctuation are used , e.g. comma , colon , ellipses , etc .
These " punctuations " are generally used at the end of the first or second line and very rarely found in the middle of the second line .
The purpose is to create a relationship between the two parts .
A traditional haiku contains a kigo ( season word ) that symbolises the season in which the poem is set .
Most Japanese haiku writers see kireji and kigo as non-negotiable requirements .
Although many believe kigo are considered essential to traditional haiku , new forms are being implemented without their use .
These are called " free - form " haiku .
A similar form of Japanese poetry is the Senryū .
The poems contain three lines with 17 or fewer " onji " and tend to be about human foibles .
They are often cynical or contain dark humor .
Senryū do not need to include kigo , unlike most haiku .
Famous Haiku Poets
Definition : Haijin
A haiku poet .
The haijins listed below are some of the greatest poets this art form has ever seen .
I hope you enjoy their writings and their life stories .
Chips down , Bush prepares a Hail Mary bet
It 's just like playing blackjack in Vegas .
Invariably , sitting right next to you is some guy , eyes shifty and body twitchy and making weird sounds with his mouth and smelling vaguely of sawdust and horse manure and dead dreams , with a huge pile of chips he is quickly turning into a very small pile of chips .
He is suffering .
He is playing terribly , grumbling , sneering at the dealer , talking to the cards like they were his personal slutty harem , complaining to his very angry God who is apparently no longer coming through for him .
He is getting desperate .
He is sweating , glancing around , wondering where all his drunken fraternity friends scurried off to .
Soon he is down to his last chips .
He makes one final stab , but his final bet tanks .
He is out , the pile is gone .
He then does what every miserable , lunkheaded gambler does at this point :
In a fit of alcoholic rage and demonic encouragement , he says , " Screw it " -- and digs into his pocket , pulls out his last remaining crumpled $ 1,000 bill and slaps it down on the table in one big final gesture meant to turn his fortunes around all at once , damn the wife at home and forget a decent meal and forget every ironclad rule of gambling because damn it the gods owe him and he 's long overdue for a change in fortune .
Yes .
Right .
Sure he is .
Sure enough , the lug loses his big Hail Mary bet .
He is broke .
He can not believe it .
He curses the table , curses the whore cards , swears at the dealer for not treating him better , slams the rest of his drink and his face contorts and his hands shake and he stumbles off into the night , railing against his lousy luck , the gods , all of humanity .
Same ol ' situation , happening all over Vegas .
And , of course , Washington , D.C .
Now , here he is , sitting right next to all the other countries at the Big Table , representing America , it 's little Dubya Bush , stewing in his own juices , his poll numbers hovering right near Nixon levels , mumbling to himself , smelling vaguely of sawdust and horse manure and dead Social Security overhaul plans .
He is pockmarked by scandal , buffeted by storms of disapproval and infighting and nascent impeachment .
He authorized the leak of classified security information merely to smear an Iraq war critic , he lied about WMD and lied about Saddam and lied about making the United States safer and lied about , well , just about everything , on top of launching the worst and most violent and most expensive , unwinnable war since Vietnam .
His pile of betting capital is down to a tiny lump , nothing like back when he had the table rigged and all the pit bosses worked for him and the pile was as big as a roomful of Texas cow pies .
But now , fortune is frowning .
In fact , fortune is white - hot furious at being so viciously molested , spit upon , raped lo these many years .
The truth is coming out : Bush has now lost far , far more bets than he ever won .
What 's to be done ?
Why , do what any grumbling , furious , confused , underqualified alcoholic gambler does : reach down deep and say , " To hell with the nation and to hell with the odds and to hell with the rest of the planet , " and pull out one more desperate , crumpled war from deep in your pants , slap it on the table and hear the world moan .
But this time , try to make it serious .
Do not rule out the use of tactical nuclear weapons .
Do not rule out another massive air strike , ground troops , special forces , a strategy so intense it makes Iraq look like a jog in the park .
Think of yourself as creating a masterful legacy , going down in history as the guy who " saved " the world from Iran 's nukes while protecting American oil interests .
Yes ?
Can you smell the oily sanctimony in the air ?
Is God speaking to you again , telling you to damn the torpedoes and kill more Muslims ?
You are the chosen one , after all .
Sound far - fetched ?
Do n't think even Bush could be capable of using nukes to slap Iran ?
Perish the thought .
All reports from underground White House sources -- most notably by way of Sy Hersh 's horrifying report in a recent New Yorker -- indicate that Dubya and his remaining team of war - happy flying monkeys have been secretly laying out plans to attack Iran for months , possibly including the use of tactical nuclear weapons to get at those deep Iranian bunkers , all because Iran just celebrated its entrance into the world 's " nuclear club " by finally enriching some uranium for the first time .
Cookies all around !
No matter that most analysts say that Iran is far from being a true threat , that a nuclear Iran is at least a good decade away , if not longer .
No matter that 10 years is a good long time to work on ways to force Iran out of the game -- via negotiation , diplomacy , sanctions -- without unleashing another river of never - ending violence .
With Bush in power , there is no waiting .
There is no thought of avoiding another hideous war at all costs .
To the Bush hawks , diplomacy is a failed joke .
Negotiation is for intellectuals and tofu pacifists .
In the Dubya worldview , the planet is a roiling cauldron of nasty threats , crammed with terrorists and hateful Muslims and foreign demons suddenly growling on our doorstep when , curiously , they really were n't there before he stumbled into power .
Amazing how that works .
It is now seven months before what could be a radically influential congressional election , a vote that could very well give power back to the Democrats , who will ( with any luck ) waste no time launching a number of long - overdue investigations into Bush 's failed war and the various scandals and lies and fiscal abuses that led us all here .
For Dubya , now is the time .
One last , desperate gamble .
Slam that last drink , scrunch up your face , screw the rules and let the bombs fly .
What , you do n't think he could do it ?
Do n't think a nuclear attack on Iran is possible ?
You have n't looked into the tiny , ink - black eyes of Dick Cheney lately .
You have n't seen Rumsfeld 's arrogant sneer , seen Bush looking confused and lost , wondering where all his " capital " went , desperately hunting for a legacy and finding only irresponsibility and self - righteousness and death .
But hell , as we already know , that 's good enough for him .
If you think that you need professional help to build a static HTML Web site , tell yourself " The abused 10 - year - old got his site to work ; I think I can , too . "
You May Already Have Won $ 1 Million
My Samoyed is really hairy .
That is a perfectly acceptable HTML document .
Type it up in a text editor , save it as index.html , and put it on your Web server .
A Web server can serve it .
A user with Netscape Navigator can view it .
A search engine can index it .
Suppose you want something more expressive .
You want the word really to be in italic type :
My Samoyed is < I > really < / I> hairy .
HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language .
The < I > is markup .
It tells the browser to start rendering words in italics .
The </ I > closes the < I > element and stops the italics
If you want to be more tasteful , you can tell the browser to emphasize the word really :
My Samoyed is < EM> really < / EM > hairy .
Most browsers use italics to emphasize , but some use boldface and browsers for ancient ASCII terminals ( e.g. , Lynx ) have to ignore this tag or come up with a clever rendering method .
A picky user with the right browser program can even customize the rendering of particular tags .
There are a few dozen more tags in HTML .
You can learn them by choosing View Source from a Web browser when visiting sites whose formatting you admire .
You can also work through a comprehensive HTML guide , e.g. , http://www.w3schools.com/html/html_reference.asp
( Web ) and HTML & XHTML : The Definitive Guide by Musciano and Kennedy ( O'Reilly , 2002 ; print ) .
Document Structure
Another structure issue is that you should try to make sure that you close every element that you open .
So if your document has a < BODY > it should have a </ BODY > at the end .
If you start an HTML table with a < TABLE > and do n't have a </ TABLE > , a Web browser may display nothing .
Tags can overlap , but you should close the most recently opened before the rest , e.g. , for something both boldface and italic :
My Samoyed is < B >< I>really < / I></B> hairy .
Something that confuses a lot of new users is that the < P > element used to surround a paragraph has an optional closing tag </P >.
Browsers by convention assume that an open < P > element is implicitly closed by the next < P > element .
This leads a lot of publishers ( including lazy old me ) to use < P > elements as paragraph separators .
Here 's the HTML template from which documents at philip.greenspun.com start out :
< html > < head > < title > New Doc</ title > </head > < body bgcolor=white text=black > < h2 > New Doc < / h2 > by < a href= " / " > Philip Greenspun </a > , revised April 1 , 2003 < hr > introductory text < h3 > First Subhead < / h3 > more text < p > yet more text < h3 > Second subhead </ h3 > concluding text < hr > < a href= " mailto:philg@mit.edu " > < address>philg@mit.edu </address > </a> </body > </html >
Let 's go through this document piece by piece ( see for how it looks rendered by a browser ) .
The < HTML > element at the top says " I'm an HTML document " .
Note that this tag is closed at the end of the document .
It turns out that this tag is unnecessary .
We 've saved the document in the file " basic.html " .
When a user requests this document , the Web server looks at the file 's " .html " extension and adds a MIME header to tell the user 's browser that this document is of type " text / html " .
The < HEAD > element 's primary purpose in this document is so that one can legally use the < TITLE > element to give this document a name .
Whatever text is placed between < TITLE > and </ TITLE > will appear at the top of the user 's browser window , on the menu that pops up when the user clicks on the Back button , and in his bookmarks menu should he bookmark this page .
After closing the head with a </ HEAD > , the body of the document is opened with a < BODY > element , to which are added some optional parameters to set the background to white and the text to black .
Some Web browsers default to a gray background , and the resulting lack of contrast between background and text is sufficiently offensive that it may be worth changing the default colors .
This is a violation of some of the principles articulated in this book because it potentially introduces an inconsistency in the user 's experience of the Web .
However , one need not feel too guilty about it because ( 1 ) a lot of browsers use a white background by default , ( 2 ) enough other publishers set a white background that white pages wo n't seem inconsistent , and ( 3 ) it does n't affect the core user interface the way that setting custom link colors would .
Just below the body , there is a headline , size 2 , wrapped in an < H2 > element .
This will be displayed to the user at the top of the page .
One could alternatively use < H1 > but browsers typically render that in a ridiculously huge font .
Underneath the headline , it makes sense to indicate authorship , link to a parent work , and specify the revision date .
The authorship link shows that someone is taking responsibility for the content .
The link to the parent work , e.g. , a book table of contents if the file is one chapter , helps users who 've landed on this page from a public search engine .
The revision date is important because Web pages often linger forgotten by the author but still available to the public long after they are obsolete .
Notice in this example that the authorship phrase " Philip Greenspun " is a hypertext anchor which is why it is wrapped in an A element .
The <A HREF= says " this is a hyperlink . "
If the reader clicks anywhere from here up to the < /A > the browser should send him to the root page on the server ( " / " ) .
After the headline , author , and optional navigation , the template adds a horizontal rule tag : < HR > .
Do n't overuse these big lines across the window : Real graphic designers use whitespace for separation .
This template uses < H3 > headlines in the text to separate sections and < HR>s at the very top to separate the document contents from the headline information and at the very bottom to separate the document contents from the author 's email link .
Underneath the last < HR > , the document is signed with " philg@mit.edu " .
The < ADDRESS > element usually results in an italics rendering .
Readers expect that they can scroll to the bottom of a browser window and find out who is responsible for what they 've just read .
Note that this one is wrapped in an anchor tag .
If the user clicks on the anchor text ( my email address ) , the browser will pop up a " send mail to philg@mit.edu " window .
It is generally a good idea to wrap every email address on a Web page in a " mailto " tag .
Sadly in Age of Spam it may not be a good idea to put any email address on a Web page .
An alternative to the author 's personal email address would be a form that a reader could use to send a message to the author or editor .
Tarting Up Your Pages
Older browsers on PCs will ignore them ; every browser knows how to render a headline , level 3 .
Not every browser understands a directive to use a specific Microsoft font that ships with the Windows operating system .
Newer browsers will ignore them ; mobile phones and palmtops are some of the most interesting devices attached to the Web and they only understand basic HTML .
When you change your graphic designer , you have to edit 10,000 .html documents .
body {margin - left : 3 % ; margin - right : 3%} P { margin - top : 0pt ; text - indent : 0.2in } P.stb { margin - top : 12pt } P.mtb { margin - top : 24pt ; text - indent : 0in} P.ltb { margin - top : 36pt ; text - indent : 0in} p.marginnote { background - color : # E0E0E0 } p.paperonly { background - color : # E0E0E0 } li.separate { margin - top : 12pt }
How does one use this style sheet ?
Park it somewhere on a Web server in a file with the extension " .css " .
This extension will tell the Web server program to MIME - type it " text /css " .
Inside each document that uses the cascading style sheet , put the following LINK element inside the document HEAD , just above the TITLE :
< LINK REL=STYLESHEET HREF= " /books/philg.css " TYPE = " text/css " >
Okay , now the browser knows where to get the style sheet and that a small thematic break should be rendered with an extra bit of whitespace .
How do we tell the browser that a particular paragraph is " of class stb " ?
Instead of " < P > " , we use
<P CLASS =" stb " >
Book designers have all kinds of clever ways of setting off margin notes , body notes , and footnotes .
Not being a book designer or especially clever , I simply defined a couple of styles that get rendered with a gray background ( " p.marginnote { background - color : # E0E0E0 } " ) .
This alerts readers that margin notes are n't part of the main text .
The final new subclass ( " li.separate { margin - top : 12pt } " ) is directed at making lists with whitespace between each bullet item .
It worked nicely in Microsoft Internet Explorer circa 1998 but failed in Netscape Navigator ( if you 're under the age 20 , ask your parents about Netscape ) so the book does n't use it ( instead the chapters use two line - break tags , < BR >< BR > ) .
For a complete guide to all the Cascading Style Sheet directives , look in HTML & XHTML : The Definitive Guide and Cascading Style Sheets : The Definitive Guide ( Meyer 2000 ; O'Reilly ) .
Now That You Know How to Write HTML , Don't
" Owing to the neglect of our defences and the mishandling of the German problem in the last five years , we seem to be very near the bleak choice between War and Shame .
My feeling is that we shall choose Shame , and then have War thrown in a little later , on even more adverse terms than at present . "
-- Winston Churchill in a letter to Lord Moyne , 1938 ( Churchill : A Life ; Gilbert 1991 )
Eventually the Web will work like a naïve user would expect it to .
You ask your computer to find you the cheapest pair of blue jeans being hawked on the World Wide Web and ten seconds later you 're staring at a photo of the product and being asked to confirm the purchase .
You see an announcement for a concert and click a button on your Web browser to add the date to your calendar ; the information gets transferred automatically .
More powerful formatting is n't far off , either .
Eventually there will be browser - independent ways to render the average novel readably .
None of this will happen without radical changes to HTML , however .
We 'll need semantic tags so that publishers can say , in a way that a computer can understand , " This page sells blue jeans , " and " The price of these jeans is $ 25 U.S. "
Whether we need them or not , we are sure to get new formatting tags with every new generation of browser .
( Personally I can't wait to be able to caption photographs and figures , a common feature of word processing programs in the 1960s . )
Back in 1994 , a lowly graduate student wrote a paper titled " We have Chosen Shame and Will Get War " ( http://philip.greenspun.com/research/shame-and-war) presenting a scheme for embedding semantic markup in HTML documents so that it would n't break old browsers ( e.g. , NCSA Mosaic ! ) .
More importantly , the paper suggested that we needed to develop a common set of document classes , e.g. , " advertisement " , " novel " , " daily - newspaper - article " , so that programmers could write software to make life easier for authors and readers .
This paper was rejected from the Web Consortium 's 1994 conference , apparently because the idea was too brilliant , radical , and forward - looking for its time .
The idea of semantic markup in documents had barely been tested .
Charles Goldfarb , Raymond Lorie , and Edward Mosher tried it out in 1969 with Generalized Markup Language ( GML ) .
They got their company to use it for about 90 percent of its document production .
But this was only at one little company so not too many Web standards experts would have noticed .
Oh yes , the company name was " International Business Machines . "
The American National Standards Institute ( ANSI ) published its first draft of Standard Generalized Markup Language ( SGML ) in 1980 .
A few small organizations , such as the United States Department of Defense , the Internal Revenue Service , and the Securities and Exchange Commission , began using the semantic markup features of the new language .
The most bizarre thing about HTML is that it borrows the ( uninteresting ) syntax of SGML :
< element > ... stuff being marked up ... </element >
To Web publisher and Web users who read " We have Chosen Shame and Will Get War " , it seemed natural to me that the folks who set the Web standards would see the importance of semantic markup and machine processing of documents on behalf of users .
A student of Max Weber , however , would not have been surprised that this paper was rejected and that the whole semantic markup issue was ignored for six years .
People who write Web standards and go to Web conferences are not doing it because they have a passion for Web publishing or Web surfing .
They have a passion for sitting on conference committees , sitting on standards committees , and escaping the boredom of their hometowns by going on company - paid trips to wherever these committee meetings happen to be taking place .
The people who are passionate about publishing are busy building on - line applications .
The people who are passionate about surfing are at home with their cable modems .
It has been nine years since the " Shame and War " paper was published .
Has there been any progress since then ?
Yes and no .
The Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) has been standardized by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) .
Described by Dan Lyke as " the subset of SGML that Microsoft 's developers could understand " , XML addresses the need for semantic markup but not the requirement that publishers agree on a common set of classes for semantic markup to be useful .
With XML , each publisher or community of publishers can agree on some new document types and concomitant sets of tags .
Internet Explorer can render XML .
A variety of server - side tools are available for parsing XML , generating XML from databases , converting XML to HTML , and authoring XML .
What does all of these XML tags mean though ?
More or less nothing , which is why there is another project at the Web Consortium : The Semantic Web ( http://www.w3.org/2001/sw/).
If you are publishing structured data , does it make sense to use HTML or XML files ?
Neither .
XML will let you store and exchange structured data .
But that does n't mean it addresses the same problems as database management systems .
With XML , you can certainly keep a catalog of products for sale in a file system directory and easily write a computer program to pull out the price of an item .
But you can't easily build an index to facilitate rapid retrieval of all the blue items or all the items available in size 6 . XML lets you store how many items are left in inventory but you wo n't get any support for writing a program that subtracts 1 when an order is placed ( and , more importantly , making sure that 10 simultaneous subtractions from different users wo n't collide ) .
An XML document is like one record or a series of records in a database management system .
XML is therefore useful if you want to ship a record from one database to another , but it does n't really help you build the entire database .
For most publishers it is most sensible to keep their information in whatever database management system they 're accustomed to and write scripts to generate either HTML or XML pages .
With such an architecture a change in language standards or publishing requirements could be met by rewriting a couple of scripts rather than editing thousands of XML or HTML files .
A " database " ?
Does that mean a relational database management system as discussed later in this book ?
No .
If you are n't updating your data in real - time , an ordinary text file is fine .
For example , suppose that you are putting a company phone directory on the Web .
You can define a structured format like this :
first name|last name|department|office number|home number|location
There is one line for each person in the directory .
Fields are separated by vertical bars .
So a file at MIT might look like this :
Philip|Greenspun|eecs|253-8574|864-6832|ne43-414 Rajeev|Surati|athletics|253-8581|555-1212 | dupont gym ...
A public Web service offering names and office phone numbers for everyone at the university
A public Web page for each department showing names and office phone numbers
A private Web page for each department showing names and home phone numbers
When the XML wave has finally broken on the beach and someone comes up with a document type for phone listings , you can generate a set of private and public XML files containing names and phone numbers .
People downloading an XML file will be able to tell their computer to dial the phone number automatically , since the number will be encased in a VOICE_PHONE_NUMBER element .
The high level message here is that you should think about the structure of the information you are publishing first .
Then think about the best way to build an investment in that structure and preserve it .
Finally , devote a bit of time to the formatting of the final HTML or XML that you generate and ship to users over the Web .
It 's Hard to Mess Up a Simple Page
CD - ROMs are faster , cheaper , more reliable , and a more engaging audio / visual experience than the Web .
Why then do they sit on the shelf while users greedily surf the slow , unreliable , expensive Web ?
Stability of user interface .
There are many things wrong with HTML .
It is primitive as a formatting language and it is almost worthless for defining document structure .
Nonetheless , the original Web / HTML model has one big advantage : All Web pages look and work more or less the same .
You see something black , you read it .
You see something gray , that 's the background .
You see something blue ( or underlined ) , you click on it .
When you use a set of traditional Web sites , you do n't have to learn anything new .
Every CD - ROM , on the other hand , has a sui generis user interface .
Somebody thought it would be cute to put a little navigation cube at the bottom right of the screen .
Somebody else thought it would be neat if you clicked on the righthand page of an open book to take you to the next page .
Meanwhile , you sit there for 15 seconds feeling frustrated , with no clue that you are supposed to do anything with that book graphic on the screen .
The CD - ROM goes back on the shelf .
The beauty of the browsers built since 1995 is that they allow the graphic designers behind Web sites to make their sites just as opaque and hard to use as CD - ROMs .
Graphic designers are not user interface designers .
If you read a book such as Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines ( Apple Computer , Inc. ; Addison - Wesley , 1993 ) , you will appreciate what kind of thought goes into a well - designed user interface .
Most of it has nothing to do with graphics and appearance .
Pull - down menus are not better than pop -up menus because they look prettier ; they are better because you always know exactly where to find the Print command .
Some of the bad things a graphic designer can do with a page were possible even way back in the days of Netscape 1.1 .
A graphic designer might note that most of the text on a page was hyperlinks and decide just to make all the text black ( text=#000000 , link= #000000 , vlink= #000000 ) .
Alternatively , he or she might choose a funky color for a background and then three more funky colors for text , links , and visited links .
Either way , users have no way of knowing what is a hyperlink and what is n't .
Often designers get bored and change these colors even for different pages on the same site .
There is probably a place in this world for Web sites that are pretty rather than functional .
Nonetheless it is worth weighing the prettiness of a new design against the cold shock of unfamiliar user interface that greets the user .
Java and Flash -- The BLINK Tag Writ Large
" Glad to hear that your company is so profitable , " We responded .
" Since you 're able to hire 50 tech support people for your Web site then you must be raking in the bucks . "
" What do you mean 50 tech support people ?!?! " he asked .
" If people ca n't get a plug - in to work on their Windows machine or can't figure out how to record from a microphone on their PCs then surely you must have a plan for dealing with all the support emails that they 'll be sending to your webmaster , " we said .
" Uh ... well , I guess we have to think about that ... , " he mumbled as he wandered off .
Before you spend money on animation , Java , or authoring content for a plug - in , think about whether you could n't buy the on - line rights to an interesting book on your Web site 's subject .
Remember that search engines do n't recognize animations , Java applets , or graphic design .
Search engines index text ( Google does photos too but that is a separate and comparatively seldom - used application ) .
Therefore an on - line book is going to pull a tremendous number of people into your site .
Maybe you have infinite money and can buy the book plus a raft of multimedia authors .
It still might be worth remembering what brought users to the Web in the first place : control and depth .
Software such as Java and Flash enables you to lead users around by the nose .
Flash them a graphic here , play them a sound there , roll the credits , and so on .
But is that really why they came to your site ?
If they want to be passive , how come they are n't watching TV or going to a lecture ?
This may seem like an obvious point , but worth mentioning because there are so many tools to convert PowerPoint presentations into Web sites .
The whole point of a PowerPoint - style presentation is that you have a room full of people all of whose thoughts are to be herded in a common direction by the speaker .
Ideas are condensed to the barest bones because there is such limited time and space available and because the speaker is going to embroider them .
The whole point of the Web is that each reader finds his own path through a site .
There is unlimited time and space for topics in which the reader has a burning interest .
A Java applet can make a good site great in the following situations :
You need a richer user interface than you can get with HTML forms .
You need to respond to user input without network delays -- mouse movements , for example .
You need to give the user real - time updates .
Richer User Interface
Do n't get too excited by the possibility of offering a rich custom user interface with Java .
Adobe PhotoShop has a beautiful user interface but it took Adobe hundreds of person - years to perfect it .
It takes Adobe hundreds of person - years to test each new version .
It costs Adobe millions of dollars to write documentation and prepare tutorials .
It takes users hours to learn how to use the program .
You do n't have a huge staff of programmers to concentrate on a single application .
You do n't have a full - time quality assurance staff .
You do n't have a budget for writing documentation and tutorials .
Even if you did have all of those things , your users do n't have extra hours to spend learning how to use the Web site that you build .
Either they are experienced Web users and they want something that works like other sites or they are naïve users who want their effort in learning to use their browser and your site to pay off when they visit other sites .
Real - time Response
You would not want to use a drawing tool that needed to go out to the network to add a line .
An HTML forms - based game might be fun for your brain but it probably wo n't have the visceral excitement of a first - person shooter game on Xbox .
Anything remotely like a video game requires code executing on the user 's local processor .
Real - time Updates
< META HTTP -EQUIV=REFRESH
CONTENT =" 60 ; URL=update.cgi " >
The user 's browser will fetch " update.cgi " 60 seconds after grabbing the page with this element .
In 1995 some folks at Boston Children 's Hospital built a Web - based real - time patient monitoring system using Java applets .
Data from instruments attached to people in the intensive care unit ( ICU ) would be streamed back to doctors who could be in another area of the ICU , working at another institution , or relaxing at home .
See " A real time patient monitoring system on the World Wide Web " by K. Wang , I. Kohane , et al. in Proceedings AMIA Annual Fall Symposium 1996;:729-32 .
Oh yes , it will crash the user 's browser
" Java on the client does n't work , and we at Netscape have done an about - turn on client - side Java in recent months . "
-- Marc Andreessen , VP Products at Netscape ( Quoted in a trade journal , July 1998 )
Why Graphic Designers Just Do n't Get It
Creating Killer Web Sites
Siegel is making some implicit assumptions : that there are no users with text - only browsers ; that users are willing to wait several minutes before getting to the content of a site ; that there is some obvious place to put these tunnels on a site with thousands of pages .
Even if all of those things are true , if the internal pages do indeed contain any content , the public search engines will roar through and wreck everything .
People are n't going to enter the site by typing in " http://www.greedy.com " and then let themselves be led around by the nose by a designer .
They will find the site by using a search engine and typing a query string that is of interest to them .
Google does not think a Dave Siegel ( TM ) " entry tunnel " is " killer " .
In fact , it might not even bother to index a page that is just one image ( search engines can't read text that is inside GIF or JPEG image files ) .
If you intend to get radical by putting actual content on your Web server , then it is probably a good idea to make each URL stand on its own .
Making a URL stand on its own has implications for site navigation design .
Each document will need a link to the page 's author , the service home page , and the next page in a sequence if the document is part of a linear work .
Remember , the Web is not there so that publishers can impose what they think is cool on readers .
Each reader has his own view of the Web .
Maybe that view is returned by a search engine in response to a query string .
Maybe that view is links from a friend 's home page .
Maybe that view is a link from a personalization service that sweeps the Internet every night to find links and stories that fit the reader 's interest profile .
Our task as Web publishers is to produce works that will fit seamlessly not into the Web as we see it , but into the many Webs that our readers see .
An Information Designer Who Got It
The screen should contain information , not navigation or administration icons .
The information should become the interface , i.e. , clicking on a word that was itself informational should take you to a screen with more detailed information .
Give users broad flat overviews of the information ( e.g. , tables of contents ) rather than forcing them through sequential screens of choices .
Organize your data according to expected user interest rather than mimicking the internal structure of your organization [ see the university research lab example in Chapter 1 ] .
Why use icons for navigation when words are clearer and take up less screen space ?.
The Alexander Nevsky of the Long - Suffering Users
" Time how long it takes to download the home page . "
63 seconds .
" Now time how long it takes to get the first results back from a search . "
90 seconds .
" What do you guys plan to do about this ? " asked the president .
" Uh ... Well .. we could get a faster server , " responded the Web expert .
" Great .
Thanks .
You 're all fired . "
Our friend was specifically asked by the president to do a site with no animation and no Java .
The focus would be entirely on a fast search of a server - side database .
Multi-Page Design and Flow
Let 's look at general design principles that can be applied to different kinds of Web applications .
One of the things that users love about the Web is the way in which computation is discretized .
A desktop application is generally a complex miasma in which the state of the project is only partially visible .
Despite software vendors having added multiple - level Undo commands to many popular desktop programs , the state of those programs remains opaque to users .
The first general principle is Do n't break the browser 's Back menu .
Users should be able to go forward and back at any time in their session with a site .
For example , consider the following flow of pages :
choose a book
enter shipping address
enter credit card number
confirm
thank - you
The second general principle is Have users pick the object first and then the verb .
For example , consider the customer service area of an ecommerce site .
Assume that Jane Consumer has already identified herself to the server .
The merchant can show Jane a list of all the items that she has ever purchased .
Jane clicks on an item ( picking the object ) and gets a page with a list of choices , e.g. , " return for refund " or " exchange " .
Jane clicks on " exchange " ( picking the verb ) and gets a page with instructions on how to schedule a pickup of the unwanted item and pages offering replacement goods .
How original is this principle ?
It is lifted straight from the Apple Macintosh circa 1984 and is explicated clearly in Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines ( Apple Computer , Inc. ; Addison - Wesley , 1993 ) .
Originality is valorized in modern creative culture but it was not a value for medieval authors and it does not help users .
The Macintosh was enormously popular to begin with and then Microsoft went on to monopolize the desktop with a copy of the Macintosh .
Web publishers can be sure that the vast majority of their users will be intimately familiar with the " pick the object then the verb " style of interface .
Sticking with a familiar user interface cuts down on user time and confusion at a site .
What happens when publishers ignore these guidelines ?
Date : Wed , 5 Aug 1998 23:20:33 - 0400 ( EDT ) From : Garrett Wollman < wollman@khavrinen.lcs.mit.edu >
To : philg@MIT.EDU
Subject : Another bad Web user interface example I thought it was a really great idea when BankBoston [ ed : now Fleet ] replaced their clunky modem - only terminal - based home banking system with one that works over the Internet .
Not only is the user interface painfully slow ( downloading images that are different for every page over a 33.6 modem and an encrypted connection ) , but it totally disregards the perfectly good user interface built into my browser .
In particular , if you try to actually navigate anywhere and then do something , you get this : Error Description 2300004 - Screen Error
You only need to click once on your selection .
Please do not double - click , use the buttons on your browser , or open a second window while logged on to BankBoston .
You can use the buttons on the screen or Short Cut to move around the system easily .
Oops !
What 's worse , once you get it into this sort of a state , it is totally unable to unwedge itself , and going back to the login screen gives only the helpful message : Error Description 1501002 - Invalid Card Number
This Card Number is currently logged on .
Please make sure you have logged off the system and try again .
Um , hello ?!
The only way to communicate with them is through the feedback function , which I can't use because their system wo n't talk to me .
( Of course , the whole thing is run under Windows NT , judging by the file names .
I think I should probably be very concerned about that . )
Eventually , I was able to ``log in '' again , and got to the `feedback ' section to send them a message .
I spent about ten minutes composing my diatribe , hit the ``images '' button to figure out which inline image was hiding the ``send '' function , and then hit it .
It comes back with another error message -- the date I had given it did not fit its simple - minded notions of what a date should look like , so it gave me another error message .
Of course , I did n't want to lose my carefully composed diatribe , so I hit Meta - Back to get back to the form .
( I then added another paragraph about what kind of idiot would give users a blank text field to enter a date without any indication that the simple - minded program would only accept one form . )
You can of course guess what happened : I changed the format of the date to the one it wanted , hit ``send ' ' , and it gave me the original error message again .
Oops ... better find something to waste ten minutes doing until it times out again !
All in all , it took me a good hour to finally send my message , and I never did manage to pay my bills .
According to the July 27 , 1997 issue of PC Week , BankBoston 's Web service [ now Fleet Bank ] was developed by Sapient , a consulting firm , using virtually the entire panoply of technologies that were fashionable in corporate IT departments at the time : WebObjects , Windows NT , and a C++ and CORBA middleware layer .
Summary
Learning basic HTML should n't take more than a few minutes .
The more HTML you know , the uglier and harder to use your site is likely to be .
HTML is not powerful enough to express the most interesting structural characteristics of your documents
XML is powerful enough to represent structure , but XML documents represent records in a database , not a database management system
You may want to keep your content in a database management system of some kind instead and generate HTML and XML pages programmatically
If you have a limited budget , spend it on content that search engines can index rather than style and flash .
Do n't forget that using Java applets or plug-ins will get you into the business of educating and supporting users .
Because a search engine can send users to any document at your site , every document on your site should have navigation links to the rest of your content .
More
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
The point about a consistent user interface is very important .
As a university student I have come into contact with WebCT Vista .
This program is a web based program that is supposed to enable students and teachers to interact and to enable students to find information ( at least I think that is what it is meant to do ) .
It is a god awful program that uses Java and Javascript and other nasties , breaks the user interface of the web browser ( for example the back button ) and is not internally consistent .
An example of an internal inconsistency ( regarding the user interface ) , there are two separate home buttons that are not distinguishable , one that links to the students home on WebCT Vista , and one to the home of the subject .
I hate the program and have only talked to one person who likes it .
Rather they tolerate it ' cause they are blind and have been taught to use it .
-- Anonymous Smith , January 20 , 2007
I 'm interested in marking - up existing HTML documents for my own use for my research .-- highlight , add comment , etc .
I can't afford acrobat , and have also tried to save the page as a pdf and import to word .
Any suggestions ?
-- Ellen Frick , February 6 , 2007
Dear Cecil :
A while ago I read your column concerning the effects of hot tea on styrofoam cups .
( See The Straight Dope : Why does tea make holes in plastic foam cups ? )
Being an avid tea drinker myself , I was reminded of something .
I work at the local public library where , in the staff lounge , there is an automatic dispenser for boiling water .
When it broke recently , I had to start microwaving my water instead .
But when I empty my packet of Sweet 'n Low into the mug after microwaving the water , it bubbles and fizzes as if some strange chemical reaction were going on .
This never occurs when the water comes from the dispenser or is boiled in a kettle on the stove .
What are the microwaves doing to my Sweet 'n Low ?
I 'm worried !
Fred K. , Evanston , Illinois
Cecil replies :
I never did trust that Sweet ‘n Low stuff .
For that matter , anything with “ ‘n ” in the title has got to be on the suspicious list .
But there ’s nothing special about Sweet ‘n Low that causes it to effervesce , as we weens like to say .
( “ Bubble and fizz , ” indeed .
How do you expect to get anywhere in science with a vocabulary like that ? )
Sugar and salt produce equally vigorous reactions .
So will just about any powder except flour , which just sort of lies there .
Here ’s what happens .
When you put a kettle on a conventional stove , some of the water at the bottom turns to steam , making bubbles that float to the surface .
But the bubbles do n’t form just anywhere .
They start at crevices on the kettle ’s bottom or sides where tiny pockets of air are trapped .
The air pockets provide a surface where the steam can escape from the surrounding water and make bubbles .
The tiny air pockets are called nucleation sites .
( A related phenomenon is the condensation nuclei — dust particles , usually — that water vapor needs in order to form raindrops . )
In conventionally boiled water , there ’s a certain amount of internal motion called convection .
The hot stuff at the bottom becomes less dense and rises while the cooler stuff sinks .
Convection brings more water into contact with the nucleation sites , so the bubbles get bigger faster .
Microwaved water , however , heats up uniformly .
Since there ’s no convection , bubble formation is pretty limp .
Without bubbles , the water heats as much as seven or eight degrees Celsius above boiling point without actually boiling , a process called superheating .
So what happens when you dump in the Sweet ‘n Low ?
Instead of bringing water to the nucleation sites , you bring nucleation sites to the water .
It ’s like seeding the clouds .
All the superheated water that ’s been sitting around in frustration , unable to vaporize , suddenly gloms onto the nearest particle , forms bubbles , and rises to the surface .
Result : fizz galore .
Play your cards right — you want to get the water as superheated as possible without actually boiling — and you can get the water to erupt over everything within a radius of three feet .
Fun , educational , and maybe worth fifty grand if you settle out of court .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
The fastest evolving gene in the human genome is one linked to brain development , researchers say .
A study of differences between the human and chimp genomes has identified a gene associated with neural growth in the cerebral cortex – the part of the brain involved in processing thoughts and learning – as having undergone “ accelerated evolutionary change ” .
Katherine Pollard and colleagues at the University of California Santa Cruz , US , suggest that the fast - changing gene may help explain the dramatic expansion of this part of the brain during the evolution of humans .
They identified the rapidly evolving region of DNA – called human accelerated region 1 ( HAR1 ) – after carrying out an extensive computational comparison between the genomes of humans , chimpanzees and other vertebrates .
Advertisement
Critical role
There are only two changes in the 118 letters of DNA code that make up HAR1 between the genomes of chimps and chickens .
But chimps and humans are 18 letter - changes apart .
And those mutations occurred in just five million years , as we evolved from our shared ancestor .
“ That is an incredible amount of change to have happened in a few million years , ” Pollard notes .
Subsequent experiments looking at the brains of human and primate embryos revealed that HAR1 is part of two overlapping genes .
One of these genes , called HAR1F is active in nerve cells that appear early in embryonic development and play a critical role in the formation of the layered structure of the human cerebral cortex .
The role of the other gene , called HAR1R , is less clear , but it also appears also to be involved in cortex development .
“ Very suggestive ”
The researchers point out that these genes do not appear to code for any proteins , but are what is known as an RNA genes .
“ We do n’t know exactly what it does , but the evidence is very suggestive that HAR1F is important in the development of the cerebral cortex , and that ’s exciting because the human cortex is three times as large as it was in our predecessors , ” says David Haussler , director of the Center for Biomolecular Science and Engineering at the University of California Santa Cruz , who assisted with the study .
“ Something caused our brains to evolve to be much larger and have more functions than the brains of other mammals , ” he points out .
Journal reference : Nature ( DOI : 10.1038/nature05113 )
The Human Brain – With one hundred billion nerve cells , the complexity is mind - boggling .
Learn more in our cutting edge special report .
So , you ’ve designed your next site but you ’re having a little trouble turning your lovely PSD into a coded layout .
This tutorial should help you learn how to analyze either a new template , or even your current layout to find the best way to code it .
( _Click image for a larger version_ )
Here is a basic design composition .
The problem now becomes turning it into code while maintaining the style and structure that was decided upon as well as making sure that the site is accessible across browsers / platforms and is as light and elegant as possible .
( _Click image for a larger version_ )
The first thing I do once I receive a finalized composition is attack it with a pencil .
Analyze every detail of the layout and write down what you think will work .
Begin by marking up the widths and basic structure of the site and then move to the details such as the typeface and font - size .
The full PNG of the layout above as well as the font used can be downloaded here
( _Note : You can remove the red markings by making the “ Code Overlay ” layer invisible . _)
Now that we have a good idea of where we ’re going , let ’s get started .
The first task is to set up your files ; luckily , Dreamweaver takes care of that part for me .
I usually keep my CSS right in the header when I ’m getting started so that I can set up the markup and styles side by side .
I ’ve decided how I will be applying the drop shadow – a background on the body will be the easiest and wo n’t require any extra markup .
By applying the CSS for the background image as well as the “ page ” div , we now have the basic structure we ’re looking for .
body { margin : 30px 0 0 0 ; padding : 0 ; font - family : Arial , Helvetica , sans - serif ; font - size : 0.9em ; background : url( images/body_bg.png ) center top no -repeat ; } #page { width : 619 px ; margin : 0 auto ; padding : 30 px 40 px ; border : 1 px solid #eee ; }
* Take a look at Step 1 *
It is best to complete the structure of the layout before moving on to details such as the logo .
Setting up the sidebar and main column before moving on makes it easier to locate and fix any problems .
With a few more CSS rules defining the sidebar , main column and footer , the layout is complete .
The only step now is to fill in the details .
# sidebar { width : 180 px ; padding : 0 20px 0 0 ; float : left ; } #main_column { width : 390 px ; padding : 0 0 0 20 px ; float : left ; } # footer { clear : left ; }
* Take a look at Step 2 *
After adding the logo using the negative text - indent method ( as well as an overflow : hidden to cut the Firefox dotted border short ) and floating an unordered list to create the navigation , the coding is almost complete .
Once the CSS has gotten to a point where it is no longer efficient to keep in the markup , move it to a separate stylesheet .
* Take a look at Step 3 *
With a little more basic tweaking of colors and headline styles , the design is complete .
It may seem like I skipped a great deal between steps 3 and 4 , but all of the changes were simply modifying the default styles to match our design .
* Take a look at Step 4 *
The most important thing to remember when coding a template is to follow the logical path of coding and testing the basic structure first and then moving to the details later .
The template , images and code are all free for your use and can be downloaded here .
Good luck with your own work .
digg this story
Webページ
好評のようなの でWebページを作りました。
http://soutaro.com/ocamlhelp/index.ja.html
よろしくお願いします。
以前Windows のHTMLヘルプで、Ocamlのマニュアルを見られるようにしましたが、Pure HTMLとJavaScriptで同じようなのを作ってみました。Firefoxだと大体うまく動いているように見えます。( IEは全然ダメ)
Created by Rick Galinson , this Paintball BFG is capable of firing multiple rounds with up to 1200 psi of CO2 pressure .
Video after the jump .
To be honest , we ’re not that big on paintball except for when robots or tanks are involved , but special effects man Rick Galinson ( of Snakes on a Plane fame , no less ) has managed to pique our interest with the sheer badassness of his latest project .
He ’s currently in the process of creating a room - clearing paintball minigun and , as the video on his site shows , he ’s made some impressive progress
I collect tales of parasites the way some people collect Star Trek plates .
And having filled an entire book with them , I thought I had pretty much collected the whole set .
But until now I had somehow missed the gruesome glory that is a wasp named Ampulex compressa .
As an adult , Ampulex compressa seems like your normal wasp , buzzing about and mating .
But things get weird when it ’s time for a female to lay an egg .
She finds a cockroach to make her egg ’s host , and proceeds to deliver two precise stings .
The first she delivers to the roach ’s mid-section , causing its front legs buckle .
The brief paralysis caused by the first sting gives the wasp the luxury of time to deliver a more precise sting to the head .
The wasp slips her stinger through the roach ’s exoskeleton and directly into its brain .
She apparently use ssensors along the sides of the stinger to guide it through the brain , a bit like a surgeon snaking his way to an appendix with a laparoscope .
She continues to probe the roach ’s brain until she reaches one particular spot that appears to control the escape reflex .
She injects a second venom that influences these neurons in such a way that the escape reflex disappears .
From the outside , the effect is surreal .
The wasp does not paralyze the cockroach .
In fact , the roach is able to lift up its front legs again and walk .
But now it can not move of its own accord .
The wasp takes hold of one of the roach ’s antennae and leads it –in the words of Israeli scientists who study Ampulex–like a dog on a leash .
The zombie roach crawls where its master leads , which turns out to be the wasp ’s burrow .
The roach creeps obediently into the burrow and sits there quietly , while the wasp plugs up the burrow with pebbles .
Now the wasp turns to the roach once more and lays an egg on its underside .
The roach does not resist .
The egg hatches , and the larva chews a hole in the side of the roach .
In it goes .
The larva grows inside the roach , devouring the organs of its host , for about eight days .
It is then ready to weave itself a cocoon –which it makes within the roach as well .
After four more weeks , the wasp grows to an adult .
It breaks out of its cocoon , and out of the roach as well .
Seeing a full - grown wasp crawl out of a roach suddenly makes those Alien movies look pretty derivative .
I find this wasp fascinating for a lot of reasons .
For one thing , it represents an evolutionary transition .
Over and over again , free - living organisms have become parasites , adapting to hosts with exquisite precision .
If you consider a full - blown parasite , it can be hard to conceive of how it could have evolved from anything else .
Ampulex offers some clues , because it exists in between the free - living and parasitic worlds .
Amuplex is not technically a parasite , but something known as an exoparasitoid .
In other words , a free - living adult lays an egg outside a host , and then the larva crawls into the host .
One could easily imagine the ancestors of Ampulex as wasps that laid their eggs near dead insects–as some species do today .
These corpse - feeding ancestors then evolved into wasps that attacked living hosts .
Likewise , it ’s not hard to envision an Ampulex - like wasp evolving into full - blown parasitoids that inject their eggs directly into their hosts , as many species do today .
And then there ’s the sting .
Ampulex does not want to kill cockroaches .
It does n’t even want to paralyze them the way spiders and snakes do , since it is too small to drag a big paralyzed roach into its burrow .
So instead it just delicately retools the roach ’s neural network to take away its motivation .
Its venom does more than make roaches zombies .
It also alters their metabolism , so that their intake of oxygen drops by a third .
The Israeli researchers found that they could also drop oxygen consumption in cockroaches by injecting paralyzing drugs or by removing the neurons that the wasps disable with their sting .
But they can manage only a crude imitation ; the manipulated cockroaches quickly dehydrated and were dead within six days .
The wasp venom somehow puts the roaches into suspended animation while keeping them in good health , even as a wasp larva is devouring it from the inside
Scientists do n’t yet understand how Ampulex manages either of these feats .
Part of the reason for their ignorance is the fact that scientists have much left to learn about nervous systems and metabolism .
But millions of years of natural selection has allowed Ampulex to reverse engineer its host .
We would do well to follow its lead , and gain the wisdom of parasites .
Update 2/4/06 4 pm : Greetings to visitors from Slashdot and Boing Boing and other kind linkers .
Apologies for the slow load that comes with a surge in traffic .
One nice thing about books is that you do n’t need a server to turn the pages for you .
So if you want more tales of parasitic majesty , check out Parasite Rex .
Update 2/13/06 1 am :
Be sure to check out comments from one of the scientists who studies these beasts .
Update 2/15 : Gal Haspel is now fielding questions in the comment thread , discussing new research on matters such as how the wasp knows where in the brain to put its stinger .
Fascinating stuff .
Please post any relevant questions for him .
Bear in mind , though , that he ’s a neuroscientist , not a theologian .
Many thanks , Gal .
Why Magic Matters
I believe that as technology becomes increasingly embedded in people 's everyday lives , their relationship to it becomes increasingly animist ( though I 'm using a definition of " animist " that 's not strictly anthropological , but referring to an explanation of the working of the world as being primarily psychological , rather than physical ) .
As a designer , I want to know how to design for these expectations .
Why not start by borrowing from a familiar and popular set of myths that offer a system describing the operation of the word which is somewhat animist , occasionally capricious , often controllable and tolerant of the occasionally unexplainable ?
Namely , the myth of magic .
Magic can be an useful framework for describing many of the kinds of functionality that contemporary technology enables .
Things such as : action at a distance , objects with memory , nonobvious behavior , etc .
" Are you saying we should not tell people how things actually work and tell them it's magic ? "
That may seem like a pretty irresponsible move , but if the options are telling people nothing ( as it is currently ) with the hope they create the correct mental models for themselves , or giving them a framework that 's known to be a fiction but serves as a conceptual umbrella for explaining the interactions between objects whose technology is ( ahem ;-) indistinguishable from magic , maybe magical explanations will produce better experiences ?
Others have talked about enchantment , especially John McCarthy of University College Cork , Ireland , who 's currently editing an issue of Personal and Ubiquitous Computing on enchantment and published what 's probably the earliest paper ( 1MB PDF ) on enchantment in HCI .
[ 11/19/06 UPDATE : I wrote a more thorough discussion and compiled a bibliography of magic and user experience design . ]
One of the most common everyday magical items in myth is the wand .
Last year , based on some work I saw at IBM 's NPUC conference , I realized that wands were possible using a combination of wireless tracking and gesture recognition .
This weekend , I decided to make one , just to see what would happened .
It kinda worked .
Here , written on an ancient scroll I just wrote , is how you can reproduce my eerie results .
Thee yngredyentse
A Mac running OSX One Gyration " air mouse " .
This rare beast ( found mostly in Froogle ) is the key ingredient .
It 's a mouse that has a gyroscopic internal organ that senses the mouse 's orientation .
There are several other accelerometer - based mice , but this one seems to perform better , especially with broad arm movements ( although it does n't work well as an actual computer mouse in that situation : to use it as a pointer mouse you need to keep your arm still and just move your wrist ) .
( an Amazon link , though you can get them cheaper refurbished ) USB Overdrive , a universal OSX USB human - interface device driver Quicksilver , the universal launcher utility The Abracadabra plugin for Quicksilver .
There is a good set of instructions for how to use the thing , but for some reason I could n't download it from within Quicksilver .
If you have that problem download it here and then drag it onto Quicksilver to install it .
Thee yncantationne
Install the mouse .
As a USB human interface device , this means " unpack and plug it in . "
OSX may ask you to verify a phantom keyboard because the mouse base station ( which , in the case of the mouse I bought , is huge -- Gyration , wassup with that ? ) announces itself as both a mouse and a keyboard .
I got the mouse without the keyboard , so I just closed that window .
Download and install USB Overdrive .
Restart .
Open your System Preferences and set it up so that the right mouse button on the Gyration mouse does nothing but hold the Option key down .
Your USB Overdrive control panel should look like this :
Set the Quicksilver Preferences and modifier to match the one you set for the righthand button in USB Overdrive .
Your Quicksilver Preferences should look like this :
You may want to set sounds at this point , too , since apparently Abracadabra has problems without sounds .
Set the mouse tracking to minimal .
Go to the " Keyboard & Mouse " control panel and move the mouse tracking slider all the way left .
This is so that the gestures you make in the air do not get distorted by the operating system , which normally makes tracking proportional to movement speed ( normally , as you move the mouse faster , the cursor moves proportionally farther ) .
It should look like this :
Set a gesture - based trigger in Quicksilver as per these instructions .
Keep the gestures simple .
I 'm still experimenting , but basic back and forth lines seem best .
Circles are doable , but hard to master .
Maybe this is where the fabled practice all young wizards have to do comes in : you need to create gestures that are useful AND you need to learn how to perform them successfully .
THAT , I leave up to you , but here 's a basic one :
Here 's how you put it all together .
Now you have the basic ingredients for a functional wand - like device that runs under OSX using mostly free software .
Grab the index finger trigger and push the right mouse button on the Gyration mouse , and wave it in the the air ( you do n't have to wave it at the computer screen , that 's part of the fun ) .
Enjoy the magic .
Commentarye
Quicksilver 's gesture recognition software is n't the best ( it 's not like the IBM SHARK stuff I described earlier ) , but it 's better than other alternatives that I 've seen .
And , because it works with Quicksilver , that means that there 's a large library of knowledge about actions that can be triggered with the gestures .
To me , the most interesting possibility , and one that I 'll be playing with , is that Quicksilver can issue arbitrary commands , including command - line input to software that can control things back in the " real " world .
Command - line input to Processing or NADA , for example , will allow easy magic wand control of things like , oh , Roombas , lights , giant mechanical beasts or teleporters .
Hide the computer , disguise the mouse , and action at a distance is yours .
Kinda .
[ Update : it appears that my use of Abracadabra for this project is not an accident .
I tried a number of different systems before settling on it and it just seemed right .
According to this blog post , that 's because a CMU student named Jason Cornwell developed the software for a class , in order to do just this , i.e. to make a magic wand using a gyroscopic mouse .
I have n't found any documentation of the project online , but Blacktree acknowledges that he had a hand in making Abracadabra .
Thank you Jason ! ]
[ Update 2 : Tod Kurt , my business partner in ThingM , took the initiative and blogged what he saw when he took the Gyration mouse apart . ]
[ Update 3 : I expanded my thoughts extensively on the " why magic matters " section of this post in a talk I gave on 10/11/06 . ]
Gesellschaft :: Politik / Recht
Petition gegen Novell - Microsoft - Abkommen
Die Querelen um die Vereinbarung zwischen Microsoft und Novell wollen kein Ende nehmen - nun hat sich auch Bruce Perens eingeschaltet .
Mit einer Petition an die Adresse von Novell will Open - Source - Aktivist Bruce Perens das Management des Unternehmens zum Umdenken bewegen .
In einem Brief an Novells Geschäftsführer Ron Hovsepian greift er allerdings zu harschen Worten .
Das Abkommen zwischen Microsoft und Novell sei in der jetzigen Fassung ein Verrat an den Autoren der Software , die Novell kommerziell vertreibt .
Wie die meiste frühere Kritik an dem Abkommen zielt auch Perens in erster Linie auf den Patentteil .
Die Vereinbarung der beiden Unternehmen , die Kunden des jeweils anderen nicht zu verklagen , sei lediglich deshalb so geschaffen worden , um das » Abkommen zwischen Novell und der Gemeinschaft der GPL - Entwickler « zu umgehen - eine direkte Lizenzvereinbarung über Softwarepatente wäre laut Perens eine Verletzung dieses Abkommens gewesen .
Perens erläutert nochmals die Problematik der Softwarepatente .
Novell habe zwar keine Patentverletzung des Linux - Kernels eingestanden , doch sei es heutzutage unmöglich , irgendeine Software zu schreiben , ohne unwissentlich Patente zu verletzen .
Selbst wenn Novell nun gegen Patente von Microsoft geschützt sei , helfe das nicht gegen die tausende von Patenten von anderen Firmen .
Weiter wirft Perens Novell vor , selbstsüchtig gehandelt zu haben , um eine große Geldsumme kassieren zu können .
Anstatt sich gegen Softwarepatente zu stellen , habe Hovsepian sich für sie ausgesprochen .
Auch in der EU habe sich Novell grundsätzlich für Softwarepatente ausgesprochen , nur nicht für die konkret debattierte und schließlich abgelehnte Direktive .
Die Forderung , die Perens an Novell stellt , lautet , dafür zu sorgen , dass die Patentvereinbarung mit Microsoft alle freien Softwareentwickler gleichermaßen schützt .
Er hat nichts dagegen , dass Novell auf technischen Gebiet mit Microsoft kooperiert , und auch nichts gegen die finanziellen Transaktionen zwischen den Unternehmen .
Die Petition kann auf seiner Webseite » Action on Technology Policy « unterzeichnet werden .
What do the counties in the first list have in common ?
Their economies were all heavily driven by information technology in the late 90’s .
This is true for the rest of the list of winners as well .
Harris , Tex. ( home to Houston and Enron ) ; Middlesex , Mass . ( home to Harvard and M.I.T. ) ; Fairfield , Conn. ; Alameda , Calif . ; and Westchester , N.Y. , were also among the top 10 income gainers in this period .
The authors point out that half the 80 American companies in the CNET Tech Index are in those top 10 counties .
Furthermore , when income inequality decreased after 2000 , the income drop in the high - tech counties contributed most to the decline .
New York , interestingly enough , showed large increases in per capita income both during the Internet boom and the Internet winter that followed .
The implication is that the income gains of the 1990 ’s associated with the technology bubble not only accrued to a relatively small number of people but also occurred in a relatively small number of geographic areas .
To drive this point home , the authors asked what would have happened to the index if just 4 of the 3,100 counties in the United States exhibited average income growth in the technology boom years .
The four are Santa Clara , San Mateo , San Francisco ( all associated with Silicon Valley ) and King County , Wash .
( home of Microsoft ) .
Note the remarkable difference in the Theil index computed with the adjusted growth rates for these four counties :
If the per capita income in just these four counties had grown at the same rate as the average in the United States , income inequality across counties would have changed little in the late 1990’s .
In other words , only four counties drove most of the change across the 3,100 counties .
The findings by Mr. Galbraith and Mr. Hale offer something to all sides in the debate .
Perhaps options grants and initial public stock offerings had a lot to do with income inequality .
Changing compensation patterns for technology - related skills could also be significant .
But the biggest point that I take away is a simple one : there ’s no substitute for being in the right place at the right time .
Angst vor Bürgerkrieg Iraks Regierung erwägt Einsatz von Panzern
Trotz einer Ausgangssperre in Bagdad nimmt die Gewalt im Irak kein Ende .
Bei neuen Anschlägen kamen heute mehr als 30 Menschen ums Leben .
Die Regierung erwägt nun den Einsatz von Panzern , um einen Bürgerkrieg zwischen Schiiten und Sunniten zu verhindern .
Suppose there existed a world democracy with one vote for each person in the population .
Is it not obvious , as Hans - Hermann Hoppe points out , that the world would adopt a flagrantly favorable policy towards China and India at everyone else 's expense ?
On the other hand , suppose two robbers break into a house and start ransacking the place .
When the owner comes down to protest , the robbers , if abiding strictly by the rules of democracy , could simply hold an election to determine whose property the belongings actually are , and with their superior numbers , outvote the legitimate owner .
These examples may seem theoretical , but our government today abides by this exact philosophy .
As Murray Rothbard said , " On the free market , everyone earns according to his productive value in satisfying consumer desires .
Under statist distribution , everyone earns in proportion to the amount he can plunder from the producers . "
Indeed , it is not capitalism that leads to exploitation as the Left contends ; it is democracy .
Government housing projects benefit well - connected developers , bureaucrats , and insurance companies while the poor end up in dilapidated , crime and drug - infested neighborhoods .
Business leaders support the Export / Import Bank , the IMF , the World Bank , farm subsidies , and war because these institutions insulate them from competition and provide them with lucrative contracts .
Important congressional chairmen get the best roads and public works projects through their districts , regardless of actual need .
In each case , taxpayers foot the bill .
To those who say that this is not plunder , but compassion , I ask , is it right to pick - pocket your neighbor if you give that stolen money to the poor ?
To those who say that government is voluntary and that taxes are equivalent to rent , I ask , what will happen if you attempt to secede from the government and refuse to pay your income tax ?
The founders were well - read and were well - aware of historical instances where this democratic mentality was paramount .
Classical Athens particularly stands out as an example where democracy ran amok .
According to the contemporary historian Thucydides , the Athenian politician Pericles , in a funeral oration to fallen soldiers , praised the dead and the city they died for .
He boasted about how the power resided in the people and not in a small governing elite as in Sparta .
He praised the modesty , generosity , and intelligence of the Athenian people and their government .
Yet , as Thucydides points out , the government of Athens was not as wise , efficient , or free as Pericles boasted .
The Athenians ruled over the Delian League which was in theory an alliance but in practice an Athenian - led Empire .
Each polis ( city - state ) in the league was forced to pay tribute — any attempt to withdraw was crushed .
Moreover , Athenian attempts to maintain dominance over so - called allies would directly lead to a bloody conflict with the sworn enemy , Sparta .
Throughout this war — the Peloponnesian War — the Athenian assembly repeatedly made ill - advised decisions and in several instances , changed its mind after deciding on important issues .
Thucydides , for instance , points out that the Athenians blamed the early misfortune in the war on Pericles and then dismissed him .
However , " Not long afterward , " he writes , " as in the way with crowds , they re-elected him to the generalship and put all their affairs into his hands . "
The worst display of inconsistency the assembly showed , however , was after the revolt on the island of Lesbos had been defeated .
In a fit of anger , the assembly decided to put all men in the city of Mytilene to death while enslaving the women and children .
The next day , however , some members began to have second thoughts and the issue was brought up for a second vote where the decision of the previous day was reversed .
Since a trireme had already been dispatched to deliver the orders , a second was forced to set out to recall the first ship and arrived just in time to save the city .
The Athenian general , Cleon , chided the assembly , saying it was better to have bad laws enforced consistently rather than good laws enforced inconsistently .
Later in the war , however , the assembly would make mistakes far worse than changing their minds .
The campaign launched against Sicily was a disaster for Athens and was the main reason the war was lost .
Thucydides blames the Athenian assembly for voting in favor of the invasion .
He writes , " The result of this excessive enthusiasm of the majority was that the few who actually were opposed to the expedition were afraid of being thought unpatriotic if they voted against it , and therefore kept quiet . "
The population was swept up in greed when they thought of the rewards of a successful expedition and did not listen to general Nicias 's warnings of the difficulties of launching such an attack .
The assembly did not engage in intelligent debate and did not accurately assess the risks .
Despite the hasty decision , Thucydides contended that success in the campaign still would have been possible if it was not for civil strife back in Athens which created confusion in state policy and contributed to a lack of adequate support for the operation .
He blamed the strife on demagogues competing for popular support and contended that democracy was not rule by the people , as Pericles had said , but rule of the " first citizen . "
The distinction between direct and representative democracy makes no difference .
Indeed , Hitler , under the Weimar Republic , both came to power and transformed his country into a totalitarian state legally .
In March 1933 , the Nazis won 43.9 % of the vote , giving them and their coalition partner ( a similar right - wing party , the German National People 's Party ) an absolute majority , which they used to pass a series of laws known collectively as the Gleichschaltung .
These laws were strongly supported by the German populace and were passed using the appropriate legal framework .
Indeed , the Enabling Act , the act that gave Hitler dictatorial powers , was renewed every four years up until the end of World War II .
In a democratic sense then , all the atrocities that Hitler 's government committed were legal .
The United States is by no means Nazi Germany , but still , despite being praised as free and fair by politicians , the United States government is recklessly inefficient and immoral .
It 's a system that includes 130 agencies of which a grand total of 8 were given good grades in the Office of Management and Budget 's most recent federal agency evaluation ; a system that the Senate Committee on Government Affairs concluded in 2001 has " terrible " management and a " staggering " problem of waste , fraud , and abuse ; a system whose General Accounting Office has not been able to certify its financial statements for seven years in a row ( this includes an astonishing $ 17.3 billion that went unaccounted for in 2001 ) because of weak accounting controls ) .
Federal debt is approaching nine trillion dollars .
US foreign policy is in a similar state , marked by nation - building , foreign intervention , preemptive war , and global government , Washington has created its own Delian League throughout the world , with 54 foreign countries experiencing over 1,000 US troops on their soil since 1950 .
Instead of Sicily we have Iraq .
The passage of the 16th amendment which provided for the enactment of the income tax was secured by appeals to democratic ideals , not those of liberty .
It has made the welfare / warfare state possible .
Indeed , once a nation becomes a democracy , the purpose of government changes ; to placate the majority , it sets about attempting to micromanage the economy in a futile attempt to bring about economic equality .
Power is transferred from the people to the government .
Increasingly , lobbyists compete for influence in Washington , instead of businesses competing to please consumers .
Government decisions are made with increasing deference to power , money , public opinion polls , and demagoguery ; because of this , any difference between the Democrats and Republicans become negligible .
There are a number of reasons why this happens .
As Representative Ron Paul has noted , " Hysterical reactions to dangers not yet seen prompt the people — at the prodding of the politicians — to readily sacrifice their liberties in vain hope that someone else will take care of them and guarantee their security . "
And Hans - Hermann
Hoppe succinctly explains :
One - man - one - vote combined with " free- entry " into government democracy implies that every person and his personal property comes within reach of and is up for grabs by everyone else .
A " tragedy of the commons " is created .
It can be expected that majorities of " have - nots " will relentlessly try to enrich themselves at the expense of minorities of " haves . "
Politicians elected to run the government for a set number of years have the incentive to cut taxes and increase spending because in the short term this seems to benefit everyone involved .
But when debt piles up and the currency plummets in value , the politicians who enacted such destructive policies are not in any way responsible ; they retire to their estates and congratulate themselves for a lifetime of " public service . "
Only in a society where all services are provided through voluntary association , where consumers hold ultimate sovereignty by providing the most efficient producers of necessary and luxury goods with profits can rule of law , individual liberty , and property rights be upheld .
Such a society is not in a state of anarchy ; authority is simply decentralized to the lowest possible and most just level — the business , the community , the family .
Eric Phillips is majoring in history and economics at the Geroge Washington University in DC .
Send him mail .
Comment on the blog .
Man with beer glass smoking a cigarette ( Image : Eddie Mulholland / Rex Features )
People have been using substances to lift their spirits for millennia .
Techniques for fermenting beer and related tipples are known from Egypt and Sumeria 4000 years ago , and they soon spread across the inhabited world .
Coca leaves ( the source of cocaine ) , tobacco , and caffeine were also popular with ancient cultures .
Humans may even have an evolutionary pre-disposition to seek out narcotics , even though they can be addictive and damaging .
Some people may have genes which make them more genetically prone to drug addiction than others .
Even some animals – jaguars , lemurs and bees , for example – have a habit of getting high .
There is an enormous amount of research on drug taking , examining both legal highs , such as alcohol , nicotine and caffeine , and illegal stimulants , such as marijuana , LSD , cocaine , ecstasy , amphetamines , heroin and magic mushrooms and the so - called date - rape drugs rohypnol and GHB .
Advertisement
Alcohol – Some experts believe that the world ’s first impromptu breweries might have been created when grain stores became drenched with rain and warmed in the sun .
Ever since , humans have discovered that alcohol reduces their inhibitions , impairs their judgement , affects sexual desire and performance , creates beer bellies and leads to hangovers ( and dubious cures ) .
Binge drinking is an ever - increasing health concern , and when not consumed in moderation , alcohol can lead to liver problems , brain damage and infertility .
Drinking whilst pregnant can also damage the unborn child .
It is not all bad news though : studies show that some types of booze , such as red wine , are rich in antioxidant polyphenols which can help prevent heart disease and cancer .
Marijuana , once the preserve of hippies , is now regularly smoked by millions of people in the US and UK .
Around 14.6 million Americans have used marijuana in the last 30 days .
Though still controversial , support for controlled legalisation of this most common illegal drug is growing .
That support is bolstered by research showing that cannabis ( and psychoactive extracts such as THC or cannabinoids ) can provide relief for sufferers of multiple sclerosis , Alzheimer ’s disease and epilepsy .
Cannabis can also help to improve appetite and decrease weight loss in AIDS victims and may be able to slow the growth of cancerous tumours .
However , detractors argue that the long - term effects of smoking dope on the brain are unclear , that it decreases fertility , damages the unborn foetus , can contribute to cot death in babies born to dope - smoking parents , and may lead to memory loss , schizophrenia , depression and other illnesses .
Ecstasy , or MDMA , was allegedly first prescribed as an anti-depressant .
It was also used by American marriage counsellors and psychotherapists in the 1970s .
The drug made patients feel less anxious and more open , accepting and empathic .
But notoriety for the drug in the UK did not come until it was popularised by the rave dance scene in fields and warehouses in the late 1980s .
Use of the drug is now common in main stream clubs and 2 million or more British youngsters pop the tablets at weekends .
Clubbers enjoy the feelings of emotional closeness , rushes of energy , increased stamina heightened sense of touch and other effects .
Critics say that regular ecstasy use is a recipe for causing memory loss and lasting damage to the brain ’s serotonin - producing neurons .
Users can die from fatal overheating or a dangerous build - up of water on the brain .
Ecstasy causes other problems such as stifling sex drive and damaging babies in the womb .
Tablets contaminated with other compounds are part of the problem and many tests have been developed to check for purity .
Controversial research found evidence of a link between ecstasy and Parkinson ’s disease in 2002 , though the finding was later retracted .
Other animal studies conversely hinted that ecstasy might actually help treat the symptoms of Parkinson ’s disease .
Some experts point to the fact that despite the drug ’s massive popularity , ecstasy deaths remain extremely rare : downhill skiing kills more people .
Controversial medical trials are testing the use of MDMA to treat post - traumatic stress disorder in victims of rape and violent crime .
Cocaine comes from the coca plant , the leaves of which have been used by Native South Americans for 3000 years as a mild stimulant .
Cocaine itself was first developed as a local anaesthetic , but has been a popular street drug since the 1970s .
Today it is used by millions of people in the US alone and up to 150,000 end up in emergency rooms with heart attacks or other side effects .
It acts on the brain ’s dopamine system , and is thought to mimic the thrill of desire and anticipation .
Cocaine is highly addictive – many users become dependent after a year or two , and some research suggests that just a single dose could get you hooked .
Use of the drug is linked to high blood pressure , deadly heart conditions and violent behaviour .
Therapies to help addicts conquer their dependence include vaccines and related methods , which use antibodies to bind cocaine and stop it reaching its target in the brain .
Other drugs can block cocaine cravings .
Nicotine comes from the leaves of the tobacco plant and was first cultivated and used by Native Americans 8000 years ago .
Early European settlers in the Americas cultivated it as a cash crop for export , and smoking became popular back home in Europe during the 1600s .
These days , an estimated 46 million Americans smoke 420 billion cigarettes per year .
Smoking was thought to have few ill effects until researchers noticed that lung cancer prevalence rose enormously , along with the popularity of cigarette smoking in the twentieth century .
Today the 40 - plus known carcinogenic chemicals in tobacco smoke are linked to cancers including those of the stomach , lung , pancreas , cervix and kidney .
Research has also shown that nicotine or other tobacco chemicals can increase the speed of growth of tumours , cause cot death in the children of smokers , kill brain cells and lead to heart disease , strokes , emphysema and even mental illness .
Passive smoking is also widely thought to be dangerous activity and has been linked to an increase in cancers , heart disease and stroke , as well as lower than average IQ levels in children .
Some people may be genetically - prone to nicotine addiction , and teenagers are more likely to become addicted than adults .
Scientists are developing a controversial vaccine which could be used to protect young people against cigarette addiction .
Caffeine is found in around 60 known plant species , is a key ingredient of coffee , tea and chocolate , and is the world ’s most popular stimulant .
Tea has been popular in China for at least 3000 years , but possibly for much longer .
Caffeine is used by billions of people to boost alertness .
The drug increases blood pressure and stimulates the heart lungs and other organs .
There have been few verifiable links between caffeine and serious health problems , though research has shown it can increase sensitivity to pain , cause panic attacks and play havoc with sleep cycles .
Some role in heart disease and cancer has been suggested , but not proven .
Research has hinted that caffeine perhaps offers some unusual benefits by protecting against diabetes and radiation poisoning .
Critics argue that addictive caffeine – supposedly a flavouring – is used by soft drink manufacturers to keep punters coming back for more .
USA Lenders Network , USA Lenders , and USA Debt Consolidation Service ; VISION MEDIA LIMITED CORP . , a Commonwealth of Dominica Corporation , also doing business as Optin Global , Inc. , USA Lenders Network , USA Lenders , and USA Debt Consolidation Service ; , also known as Qing Kuang Yang , individually , and as principal and owner of Vision Media Limited Corp. and Optin Global , Inc. ; and PEONIE PUI TING CHEN , individually , and as president of Optin Global , Inc .
The settlement does n’t shut down the businesses but will bar future violations of the spam laws , will require the operators to monitor affiliates closely to assure that they are not violating state and federal laws , and requires that they give up approximately $ 475,000 in ill - gotten gains .
In April 2005 , the FTC and the Attorney General of California charged that the defendants used third - party affiliates or “ button pushers ” to send spam hawking mortgage loans and other products and services .
The operation used hyperlinks in the spam to refer consumers to Web sites operated by the defendants .
Consumers forwarded more than 1.8 million of the defendants ’ e-mail messages to the FTC .
Those messages demonstrated that the defendants were violating almost every provision of the CAN - SPAM Act , the law enforcers said .
The FTC and California charged that the defendants e-mail :
— contained false or forged header information ;
— included deceptive subject headings ;
— failed to identify e-mail as advertisements or solicitations ;
— failed to notify consumers they had a right to opt out of receiving more e-mail ;
— failed to provide an opt - out mechanism ;
— failed to include a valid physical postal address .
At the agencies ’ request , the court ordered a temporary halt to the illegal spamming , pending trial , and froze the defendants ’ assets .
The settlement announced today ends that litigation .
The settlement bars future violations of the CAN - SPAM Act .
Specifically , it prohibits the defendants from sending commercial e-mail that contains false or misleading headers ; contains misleading subject headings ; does not contain a valid physical postal address ; and does not identify the message as an advertisement .
It requires that they include an opt - out mechanism for consumers who do not wish to receive their messages in the future .
The settlement requires that the defendants establish an aggressive monitoring regime for any future affiliate program to assure that their affiliates are complying with the provisions of the CAN - SPAM Act and California law .
In addition to reviewing , in advance , the subject line , text , and other particulars of the affiliates proposed campaign , the defendants are required to establish an opt - out mechanism for any e-mail campaign conducted on their behalf and requires that they ensure that all opt - out requests are honored .
The order imposes a $ 2.4 million judgement – representing the total of the defendants ’ ill - gotten gains .
Based on financial records provided by the defendants , the judgment will be suspended upon payment of $ 385,000 in cash and approximately $ 90,000 from the sale of real property .
Should the court find that the defendants misrepresented their financial situations , the entire $ 2.4 million will be due .
The settlement also contains certain bookkeeping and record keeping requirements to allow the agencies to monitor compliance .
She lived alone in a tiny , top - floor apartment in one of the tougher sections of San Francisco .
At 83 , she was short and a bit stout .
Diabetes took the sight in one of her eyes ; arthritis left her leaning heavily on a cane .
For long trips , she took a taxi .
Her husband had died .
He was the love of her long life , a short , dapper man who had worked as a bartender and waiter at some of the city ’s larger hotels and was active in Jewish activities .
They buried him in a Jewish cemetery outside the city .
He had been gone just a short while when two officials from the Justice Department in Washington knocked on her door .
They confronted her with a terrible secret that all these years she had managed to keep from him .
In Germany during World War II , a much younger Elfriede Lina Rinkel , then single , a girl with blue eyes and striking red hair , had worked as an SS guard at one of the Nazi regime ’s infamous concentration camps .
Called Ravensbruck , it was a slave labor prison for women , and during the year she worked there with a trained attack dog more than 10,000 women died .
Advertisement
Some succumbed to starvation and disease .
Others were gassed .
More died after cruel medical experiments .
Some perished from sheer exhaustion .
On Tuesday , the Justice Department announced that the woman with the pleasant smile and the German accent had been deported to Germany .
She admitted that she had lied on her U.S. visa application .
Her lawyer , Alison Dixon , said she never told Fred , her husband .
Not during their romance after the war , on their wedding night in Germany , or their voyage to a new life in America .
Always , she kept quiet .
“ He did not know , ” the lawyer said , “ because all these years she was totally embarrassed . ”
Advertisement
Washington officials , however , said she coldly offered no expression of remorse about her past and did not fight the deportation .
The government caught up with a woman in the dusk of her life who expected perhaps soon to quietly join her husband in the Eternal Home Cemetery in Colma , south of the city .
The double gravestone was already there , with the Star of David above their names .
Instead , she will be remembered as the only woman to be caught and deported in more than 100 completed cases of Nazi persecutors who lied their way into the United States .
Matching Ravensbruck guard rosters with U.S. immigration documents -- about 70,000 names have been studied since the Office of Special Investigations opened in 1979 -- they hit on Elfriede Huth , her maiden name .
She had been born in 1922 in Leipzig , Germany .
She came to the work camp in 1944 and left a year later as the war ended , the site abandoned by fleeing Nazis .
She married Fred William Rinkel , a German Jewish refugee from the war .
In 1959 , not yet 40 , she applied for a U.S. visa but failed to include on the form her time at Ravensbruck .
Advertisement
Eventually , the Justice Department traced her to the five - story apartment building in lower Nob Hill near the Tenderloin .
The building today is rundown , covered with graffiti and largely home to recent immigrants from Mexico .
Agency Director Eli M. Rosenbaum said that despite her bid to remain anonymous , her past will no longer be hidden .
Though he agreed that she appeared pleasant and kind , old and tired , he said , “ her presence in the United States nevertheless was an affront to surviving Holocaust victims who have made new homes in this country . ”
Rosenbaum was one of the two Washington officials who knocked on her door after her husband died .
She admitted being assigned to the camp , explaining that she had a less desirable job as a factory worker and volunteered to be a dog handler at the camp for better wages .
But she insisted she never used her dog as a weapon against the prisoners , never forced them into marches every morning to work or to die .
She said she never joined the Nazi Party , just did its bidding .
Advertisement
And she said she never applied for U.S. citizenship because she feared U.S. immigration authorities would learn of her time at Ravensbruck .
And oddly , Rosenbaum said , there were no tears from the woman sitting in front of him inside the little apartment .
“ No statement of remorse was volunteered to me , ” he said .
Dixon , her San Francisco lawyer , explained that it was all just too long ago .
She said her client had tried to remake her life and never thought she would be tripped up so late in her years .
“ She was trying to atone for actions in the past , ” said Dixon .
“ She married a Jewish man , and she gave to Jewish charities .
Advertisement
“ And she always believed there was a certain coercion involved in what she did at the camp .
She insisted that she had zero contact with the actual prisoners , that she just walked the camp perimeter . ”
Knowing her fate , six months ago she began preparing to leave the United States even as she kept asking Dixon if she could stay .
“ Do I really have to leave ? ” she would say .
“ Can I come back for a visit ? ”
She also quietly set about putting her affairs in order .
One task was to return once more to the mortuary , and to inform the staff that she would soon be “ leaving the area . ”
She wanted to sell her burial plot next to her husband .
“ So we took it back , ” said Gene Kaufman , director of the Sinai Memorial Chapel .
“ She was just such a pleasant - looking lady and very small .
Such a nice , sweet lady who seemed to have a very loving relationship with her husband . ”
Advertisement
Sometimes , Kaufman said , he would bump into the childless couple at Jewish events .
Everyone seemed to know , though , that she was not Jewish , and had no other religious faith .
The distinction seemed to never rise as a problem between the couple .
Yet , “ sometimes it did seem like their life together was from someplace else , ” recalled Kathryn Allen - Katz , who also chatted with her at the funeral chapel .
“ Like they did n’t fit in here , did n’t belong .
They lived in their own little island in a not - too - good part of town and they kept to themselves . ”
At the apartment building on Bush Street , Gunvant Shah , who met the Rinkels in 1976 , described a couple that sang German songs late at night , danced together and sometimes fought loudly , prompting complaints from neighbors .
They lived “ a modest life , ” Shah said , with no car , but often strolled together in the evenings , dressed elegantly .
“ Mr. Rinkel would hold her by the arm .
They would walk together , proud and joyful . ”
Advertisement
Perhaps , he added , the closeness the couple shared was her private attempt at redemption .
“ Maybe she felt remorse , ” Shah said .
She was given until Sept. 30 to leave the United States .
She left Sept. 1 . Some distant relative took her in , and she dutifully reported to the U.S. Consulate office in Frankfurt that she was back home .
Eighty - three is a hard time to make one ’s life over , and Dixon said that she could still face charges in Germany for her wartime duty at the concentration camp .
Advertisement
But whatever happens , she will probably die in the land of her birth .
Alive , she is legally barred from reentering the United States .
In death alone could she be returned .
richard.serrano@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Lee Romney in San Francisco contributed to this report .
art two of the story is more familiar , and is referenced in the 9/11 Commission report .
When Clinton first entered office , he was saddled with a military fiasco in Somalia , the legacy of George H.W. Bush .
The Cole bombing happened in 2000 , but conclusive proof that it was al Qaeda was not finalized until after the elections .
Clinton considered Somalia a major scar on American foreign policy , and in one of his final acts as President , Clinton deferred a planned military strike on Al Qaeda until the new president could give the go ahead .
It was considered good form by Clinton -- giving the new president authority over a strike that would have major long - term implications for the new administration .
This act of private diplomacy , however , may have indeed inadvertently helped cause 9/11 , by putting the fate of al Qaeda in the hands of an administration with a foreign policy interest in not pursuing them .
What happened next , of course , we all know , again from the 9/11 Commission report .
The Bush administration nixed the retaliation plans upon entering office , and in fact nixed all retaliation plans against al Qaeda for the next eight months .
Intelligence officials and figures like Richard Clarke were furious , but all efforts were rebuffed : Bush administration officials , chief among them Rice and Cheney , nixed all options on the table for a Cole response .
Sources indicate that this was one of the primary reasons for high - level resignations in the intelligence agencies under the Bush administration , starting even before 9/11 .
After the ignored Presidential Daily Briefing explicitly calling out al Qaeda as one of the most substantial terrorist threats against America , intelligence agency resignations only intensified .
9/11 , as it turns out , was a mistake -- or a stab in the back .
The Taliban indeed got the $ 40 million in aid promised to them by the Bush administration , and relations between them and America were indeed beginning to be more normalized .
But the Taliban kept the money , refusing to transfer the money to al Qaeda as previously arranged .
Bin Laden was furious , and decided that he was going to seize power .
In a bold move , an al Qaeda terrorist posing as a journalist assassinated the Northern Alliance leader that was the Taliban 's biggest foe , and also a foe of al Qaeda -- but then bin Laden turned his sights on larger revenge , and gave the go - ahead for the larger 9/11 strikes , which had been planned for some time .
Why did n't Bush and his team consider al Qaeda a threat ?
Because they thought they had an arrangement .
9/11 happened because , as it turns out -- they did n't .
So why did n't it get into " Path to 9/11 " ?
This is where it gets even more amazing .
According to a source , the federal government has been closely following a pedophilia ring inside Disney 's Burbank offices .
Disney has been shuffling problem executives that have been using casting calls for new Disney TV productions as a path for finding and isolating children lured by the promise of appearing on Disney - branded shows .
Once in a " private screen test " , chosen victims were met with a figure in a giant Mickey costume , and forced to sodomize Mickey repeatedly in his furry Mouse ass .
The eleven known victims are described as between eight and twelve years of age , and were allegedly molested at the Burbank offices of the Disney company by eight separate high - level Disney executives .
Again , as with al Qaeda , the Bush administration made a simple deal : we 'll see that the charges get dropped , and in exchange : you work for us .
Again , this is the OFFICIAL TRUE STORY of what happened .
Very Prominent Note :
The previous article is a dramatization that is drawn from a variety of sources including the 9/11 Commission Report and other published materials , from personal interviews , and from My Ass .
This post is not a documentary .
For dramatic and narrative purposes , this post contains fictionalized scenes , composite and representative characters and dialogue , as well as time compression .
Elements of this post are 100 % true : also , I completely made some shit up to spice it up a bit and make it more entertaining .
The program hides your data in a crowd of other users
The Torpark browser has been created by a hacking group and uses technology backed by digital rights group the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Torpark uses its own network of net routers to anonymise the traffic people generate when they browse the web .
The browser can be put on a flash memory stick so users can turn any PC into an anonymous terminal .
Hide and seek
The Torpark tool has been created by Hacktivismo - an international coalition of hackers , human rights workers , lawyers and artists .
Torpark uses the Tor network of internet routers set up by the Electronic Frontier Foundation that already has tens of thousands of regular users .
Whenever any computer connects to the net it freely shares information about the address it is using .
This is so any data it requests is sent back to the right place .
The Tor network tries to stop this information being shared in two ways .
First , it encrypts traffic between a computer and the Tor network of routers - this makes it much harder to spy on the traffic and pinpoint who is doing what .
Second , the Tor network regularly changes the net address that someone appears to be browsing from - again this frustrates any attempt to pin a particular browsing session on any individual .
" We live in a time where acquisition technologies are cherry picking and collating every aspect of our online lives , " said Oxblood Ruffin , one of the founders of Hacktivismo , in a statement announcing Torpark .
Mr Ruffin was at pains to point out that the anonymising abilities of Torpark had its limitations .
Data travelling between the websites people look at and the Tor network is unencrypted and it could be possible to identify users if they visit sites that do not encrypt login sessions .
The programs making up the free Torpark download are small enough to install on a USB flash memory stick allowing people to take the anonymising browser with them .
Before now it has been possible to configure Firefox to use Tor and its associated identity hiding programs but Torpark puts all these elements in one package .
Hacktivisimo said that anyone using Torpark might see a slight reduction in their browsing speed as the package of programs connect to the Tor network and scramble traffic .
The Torpark browser includes a clickable icon that lets people switch between anonymous and ordinary browsing .
It may also cause frustration as the regular change of net address may make some sites think that a new user is visiting and ask once more for login details .
Until couple years ago , doing anything more than simple form validations or image mouseovers with JavaScript was considered drudging work .
Not many people understood or appreciated this small but very powerful language that run on our browsers .
It was n’t even seen as a serious programming language .
Fast forward to today suddenly it is the new cool thing .
People are writing Drag and Drop User Interfaces that can edit graphics and save your data on the background .
So , what happened ?
This is very amazing .
Today almost nothing has changed about the underlying technology but suddenly our thinking has shifted .
JavaScript is not seen as a hack any more .
People are now making very complex applications with it .
JavaScript is not ugly any more .
There are beautifully written libraries that can do powerful things .
JavaScript is not a light language any more .
The most exciting web applications written today use it extensively .
In his seminal book , Crossing the Chasm , Geoffrey Moore explains how high - tech products get adopted .
The new product needs to get enough early majority users or most of the time fall down to the chasm .
A new technology comes out and a small number of people who are called early adopters start using it .
These people use it because it is exciting and new .
They do n’t care if it is stable or productive .
They are just excited by the technology and they will use and try the product even if sucks .
They see future possibilities in the technology and they are excited about it .
Then there comes the pragmatists .
These people will only use your product if it is really useful .
The Big Chasm
JavaScript took almost 10 years to be seen as a real programming language .
There are couple of reasons why it took so long .
1. Marketing Mistakes :
The worst thing that ever happened to JavaScript has been its name .
With the ambition of taking on Microsoft , Netscape was partnering with Sun at the time .
They did not understand the power of this new scripting language on their hands and they wanted it to be a sister language of Java .
This naming caused enormous amount of confusion on the developer community .
It also put down JavaScript as the “ light ” language of the Internet .
2. Microsoft : Embrace and Extend was not only used against Java , it also devastated JavaScript .
Best developers are usually little idealistic so they hate having their web application only work on a single browser .
For a long time most things only worked on either Netscape or Internet Explorer .
Microsoft even released something called Jscript for a short period of time .
3. Missing Tools :
It is almost impossible to do any JavaScript development on Internet Explorer .
When IE took over the web , it stopped the flow of newcoming developers .
On 90s Netscape was the engine of the new Internet economy .
Many browser innovations like JavaScript , bookmarking and cookies came from Netscape .
Once Microsoft destroyed the company as we know it , we had a period of time that not only crashed innovation in browsers but made JavaScript development very very difficult .
Have you ever tried writing JavaScript code on IE ?
There was no debugger or tools .
You only had a pop -up error message that gave no real information about the problem .
It seemed to be designed to annoy people into disabling JavaScript on their browser completely .
We had a five year period after 1999 without much JavaScript development .
This is also the same time it seemed like innovation on the web ended .
There was no excitement any more .
People talked about how the dot com was over and the industry was now maturing , and everything that could be made was already made .
It was depressing .
The Come Back
When there is a forest fire , the trees burn down but amazingly in a matter of couple of years new trees start growing on the same fertile ground .
Netscape was burned down but from the ground it left , a new browser called Mozilla ( Firefox as we know it today ) sprang up .
New innovations starting coming out such as tabbed browsing and a better JavaScript Console .
It provided better support for standards like CSS .
This was the turning moment for JavaScript .
The main reason JavaScript became popular again is Firefox .
Many people think GMail and AJAX hype propelled JavaScript .
I do not agree with this view .
They were only results of the change .
They may have increased the excitement but the only real reason for the new popularity of JavaScript is all those web hackers who starting using Firefox .
Firefox may be used only like 10 % of the general population , but this number is probably more like 90 % of the web developers .
This community now had really good tools like JavaScript Console , JavaScript Debugger and DOM Inspector .
When I developed JotForm , I mainly worked on Firefox .
My favorite tools have been the JavaScript Console and Web Developer Toolbar .
Quick write , run , debug cycle made development easy and fun .
The Future
Understanding the chasm theory has profound implications about the future .
JavaScript and LAMP ( or ASP.net or RoR ) is the new Visual Basic .
It is even more .
On top of all the business applications , we now have many social applications written as web applications .
So are there any alternatives to JavaScript on the client side ?
This was been discussed on a Joel on Software thread recently .
The main contenders are Java applets and Flash .
They are both propriety , slow and do not easily mingle with HTML and CSS like JavaScript does .
But most importantly , they are both difficult to develop with .
One of the main characteristics of web is that small things loosely coupled have better chance of success .
The learning curve that ’s required to write a Java applet is too much for web developers who are constantly bombarded with new technologies like Ruby on Rails .
The claustrophobic and expensive Flash tools will also keep Flash adoption at bay .
Couple of months ago , I listened Joel Spolsky on his talk to NYC Lisp Users Group .
He was n’t very excited about the small things loosely coupled way of things working on the web .
He suggested a new language framework that integrated the server side and client side .
So things are done “ right ” .
Although it was an interesting talk , as a big Joel fun , this was pretty disappointing .
This is exactly what Java , Flash and MS one - click installs tried to do and pretty much failed .
JavaScript may be lacking a lot of things today and may take some time reach its full potential .
But it surely is evolving .
Clay Shirky in his essay
In Praise of Evolvable Systems talks about things which are loosely designed .
The very weaknesses that make the Web so infuriating to serious practitioners also make it possible in the first place .
In fact , had the Web been a strong and well - designed entity from its inception , it would have gone nowhere .
As it enters its adolescence , showing both flashes of maturity and infuriating unreliability , it is worth recalling what the network was like before the Web .
This is true for HTML , CSS and JavaScript .
They are all loosely designed .
JavaScript may be lacking many things today but it is also evolving constantly .
Now that it has crossed the chasm , I believe next couple of years will be very exciting .
People will come up with cool web applications , not because of the web 2.0 hype , but because it is the right time .
Are you ready for the ride ?
Update : A good discussion on the JoS Forum .
Write an efficient C program to count the number of bits set in an unsigned integer .
i /p o/p ==== === 0( 00 ) 0 1( 01 ) 1 2( 10 ) 1 3 ( 11 ) 2 ..... ... Counting Bits View SlideShare presentation or Upload your own .
( tags : algorithms
Write a small C program , which while compiling takes another program from input terminal , and on running gives the result for the second program .
( NOTE : The key is , think UNIX ) .
Suppose , the program is 1.c
Then , while compiling $ cc - o 1 1.c int main ( ) { printf ( " Hello World
" ) ; } ^D $ ./1 Hello World $
Given a string s1 and a string s2 , write a snippet to say whether s2 is a rotation of s1 using only one call to strstr routine ?
( eg given s1 = ABCD and s2 = CDAB , return true , given s1 = ABCD , and s2 = ACBD , return false )
Tags
Food and energy prices are soaring .
Inflation is squeezing consumers and roiling financial markets .
Official pronouncements are failing to ease inflation fears .
In the first seven months of this year we have already seen an inflation rate of 3.4 percent according to the consumer price index .
If prices rise at this pace for the next five months , the 2006 inflation rate will be 5.8 percent .
For comparison sake , we have n't seen an annual rate above 3.4 percent since 1991 ( 4.2 percent ) and there has n't been a rate as high as 5.8 percent since 1982 ( 6.2 percent ) .
As always , government officials are attempting to underreport the inflation estimates .
Although the CPI shows that inflation increased from a monthly rate of .2 percent in June to .3 percent in July , government officials have reported that inflation declined from June to July .
They get this result by estimating a " core inflation rate . "
This core rate excludes product prices that are " volatile , " and by volatile they mean rising faster than other prices .
Excluding the most inflationary prices from the CPI estimates allows the feds to conceal the true harm of inflation .
Of course , at all times , some prices are rising faster than other prices .
Prices do n't rise in tandem .
Inflation always affects some goods more than others .
Omitting volatile prices from the estimates is simply a way to discount inflation 's effects on the public .
The CPI is a government statistic , and since the government 's expansionary monetary policy creates the inflation , officials have an incentive to underestimate these numbers .
Underreporting inflation helps government officials in at least three ways .
First of all , it provides more favorable economic news .
Elected officials want to report and take credit for any positive economic announcements .
Second , if the government reports a rate of inflation that is lower than the actual inflation rate , this will increases tax revenues through bracket creep .
If the actual inflation rate is 10 % , but the measured rate of inflation is 4 % , some taxpayers will be pushed into higher tax brackets even though their real income has not increased .
And third , a lower reported inflation statistic reduces government spending by limiting the spending increases that are tied to inflation .
The state can take credit for cost of living adjustments that are allegedly keeping up with inflation although in real terms the payments are falling .
My point is that given the incentives facing government officials , we should be reluctant to put any credence in government statistics .
In addition to underreporting inflation , the feds also want to conceal the cause of inflation .
Federal Reserve policies pump up the money supply creating the inflation .
In the last decade , M3 has increased 120 % and this monetary stimulus is reflected in the official inflation statistics .
Fed officials are quick to blame the inflation on supply disruptions or the higher demand for goods .
Think about this .
The Fed is essentially blaming inflation on rising prices .
Inflation is the rise in prices .
This is like the thief blaming his victim 's loss of money on the victim 's thinner wallet .
The Fed points to the rising prices then claims that they must fight inflation .
They position themselves as inflation hawks , although they are the cause of the problem .
Consumers are often suspicious of economic statistics , and rightly so , since they see the rising prices daily .
Ludwig von Mises , in explaining the fallacies of price indices , noted that in " practical life nobody lets himself be fooled by index numbers . "
In order to convince the public that their statistics are accurate , government officials report the CPI to one or two decimal places .
In spite of the imprecision of economic statistics , the Bureau of Labor Statistics is considering taking this a step further by reporting the CPI to three decimal places .
The rationale for this ridiculous proposal is that the feds want to provide more accurate inflation information .
The idea that the government can accurately report inflation within one - one thousandth of a percent is absurd .
However , reporting economic statistics to the Nth degree gives the illusion that government statistics are precise .
Government officials hope that stunts like this convince the public to accept the officially approved statistics even if they have been manipulated to provide positive economic news .
How do the feds underreport inflation ?
The reported inflation rate is based on a price index , in this case the CPI , and every price index is based on the prices of a particular list of goods , called a basket of goods .
The choice of goods to include in a price index basket is arbitrary and choosing a basket that includes goods whose prices are either rising slowly or falling and excludes the goods whose prices are rapidly increasing results in lower reported rates of inflation .
To understand how statisticians change the basket of goods in a price index , consider a simple economy that only produced two goods , cars and trucks .
In the year 2000 , they produced 100 cars and 300 trucks .
The following year , car production increased 10 percent to 110 cars and truck production rose 5 percent to 315 trucks .
Now suppose that car prices increased from $ 20 to $ 21 and truck prices rose from $ 10 to $ 12 in this time period ( this is summarized in the table below ) .
If we calculate GDP by adding the nominal spending on cars and trucks , then nominal GDP increased 21.8 percent in 2001 from $ 5000 to $ 6090 .
Obviously , nominal GDP does not accurately represent the growth in this economy .
If one industry is growing at a rate of 10 percent and the other industry is growing at a 5 percent rate , overall economic growth cannot be 21.8 percent .
Table 1
The reason for this discrepancy is that inflation has pumped up the nominal GDP numbers .
The inconsistency between the growth of nominal GDP and actual economic growth is so obvious that the feds could never get away with reporting nominal GDP numbers as representing actual economic growth .
Instead , they allegedly take the ( government created ) inflation out of the numbers by reporting real GDP estimates .
The problem is that the real GDP calculations are based on suspicious price level statistics .
Suppose that the government of the economy described above wanted to report real GDP estimates .
They would first need to choose a basket of goods to represent the price level .
The basket could contain one car , one truck , or any combination of cars and trucks .
A change in the basket generally changes the price index .
Table 2 shows five possible baskets , the price index calculations for 2000 ( assume that the base year for this price index is 2000 ) and 2001 , the inflation rate for this time period , and the 2001 real GDP and the growth rate of real GDP for each potential price index .
Table 2
If the government officials choose a basket that is heavily weighted in favor of cars , say price index A then they can take credit for the positive economic statistics .
If they omit trucks from the basket , because of their " volatile prices , " they will use price index A and report an inflation rate of 5 % and a 16 % growth rate for real GDP .
From A to E , the basket of goods becomes more heavily weighted with trinkets , the inflation rate rises , and the real economic growth rate declines .
A basket that only includes trucks generates an inflation rate of 20 % and a measly 1.5 % rate of real economic growth .
The choice of basket items is arbitrary .
There is no way to determine which basket accurately measures inflation .
Since government officials get to pick the basket , it 's safe to assume that they would choose a basket that furthers their interests .
It might favor the government to choose price index B .
This index includes trucks but is weighted more heavily with cars .
This allows the state to include both goods in the basket , to claim a relatively low inflation rate , 8 percent , and a high rate of economic growth , 12.8 percent .
Then if the prices of trucks start to increase rapidly , the government could always report a core rate of inflation that does n't include the truck prices .
Simply drop trucks out of the basket and report the numbers generated by price index A .
On a larger scale , this is how our government operates .
Expanding the money supply creates revenue for the state and falsely raises GDP .
They are able to hide the resulting inflation by choosing the right basket for their price index .
If the chosen basket starts to indicate high inflation rates and the resulting low rates of real economic growth , government officials simply drop some of the items from the basket and report a lower rate of inflation .
In this way some of the inflation is not removed from the nominal GDP numbers , making economic growth appear higher .
Every few years , the government revises the CPI , and for each revision the measured rate of inflation decreases .
Government officials always tell us that the older CPI basket overestimates inflation .
They admit that their estimates are off , but they never admit that they have been measuring inflation too low and adjust things upward .
The new measure always allows them to report a lower inflation rate .
Of course , it 's impossible for officials to say price index A is a better measure of inflation than price index B .
This assertion requires them to know the actual rate of inflation .
If they know the actual rate , they should simply report it , not some estimate of the rate .
Government officials have the incentive and the ability to manipulate economic statistics .
The lesson is : do n't be fooled by government statistics .
The first woman to receive a ' bionic ' arm , which is controlled by thoughts alone , has demonstrated how it works .
Designed at the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago , the device draws on military technology .
Jane Taylor reports .
The boom is back
Net companies are on fire again .
Here 's the smart way to invest without getting burned
( FORTUNE Magazine ) - Back when the Internet bubble was deflating disastrously , the fashionable view was that we'd never see its like again -- and thank goodness .
No more supercilious twentysomething zillionaires .
No more insta-companies with billion - dollar valuations .
Slapping a dot - com name on absolutely anything would no longer guarantee entrepreneurs millions from gullible VCs and , shortly after , from IPO - happy individual investors .
That whole Internet mania , gone from our lives for half a decade now , left a sour taste .
Careers were interrupted .
Reputations were destroyed .
Billions of dollars vaporized .
Hell , those stock market losses still show up on our tax returns .
But brace yourself - - it 's time to say hello to the new Net boom .
And believe it or not , it 's a boom you 'll very likely want to invest in -- even if you think ( as we do ) that Google ( Research ) at $ 400 a share is too scary to consider .
The Internet , as you well know , did n't vanish along with all those dubious dot -coms .
While shell - shocked investors were licking their wounds ( or trying to make back all their money by flipping condos ) , folks in the Internet industry kept right on dreaming up new ways to use the revolutionary technology that created the fuss in the first place .
You do n't need us to tell you that today the Net is fulfilling many of the visions its wild - eyed prophets were preaching about just a few years ago .
All the impossibly cool applications that seemed so elusive in the late 1990s -- Internet phone calls , ( legal ) downloadable music and movies , high - speed web access on cellphones , online bill paying -- are a taken - for - granted part of daily life .
Young people talk about themselves and their favorite rock bands at MySpace .
College students get the 411 on this weekend 's party at Facebook .
Moms post their family photos at Flickr .
Dilberts waste their companies ' time watching homebrewed videos on YouTube .
And even some infamous icons of the '90s are back .
Says Henry Blodget , the now - banned Wall Street analyst who now , like just about everyone else these days , is a blogger : " The trends that people got excited about when Netscape went public in 1995 are very much in place and will be for 20 to 25 years . "
Driving this transformation is the extraordinary growth in the number of people with access to high - speed Internet connections .
In 2000 just five million Americans had fast Internet access at home .
At the end of 2005 that figure was 73 million , according to the Pew Internet and American Life Project .
Those speedy connections have supercharged the online experience , and people are doing exactly what you 'd expect : spending vast amounts of time with their eyes glued to computer screens .
More important , companies have finally figured out the long - sought key to " monetizing " those eyeballs , mainly by selling advertising , but also by charging for music and video downloads , not to mention for the access itself .
The not - so - surprising result is that the Internet industry is n't just back , it 's better than it was before .
Google is n't merely a ubiquitous ( and free ) research tool , though it certainly is that .
Google , the online advertising company , generates billions of dollars in profits .
( Yes , billions , and yes , profits . )
The iPod is n't just the hottest toy on the planet .
It 's a product that pumped $ 4.5 billion of sales into Apple 's coffers last year -- and would n't be such a success if it were n't tied to Apple 's digital jukebox , iTunes .
The iTunes Music Store has sold more than a billion songs online in the past three years .
We know what you 're thinking right about now :
If there 's a boom underway , then the Wall Street crowd must be fixing to sell us something .
After all , we 've been down this path before .
But the investing landscape is very different this time .
Sure , early - stage investors ( endearingly called " angels " ) and venture capitalists are indeed breathing air into something of a bubble for the so - called Web 2.0 .
( That 's a catchall name for the blitz of companies running websites like del.icio.us and Writely that make it easy for users to create their own content online and then share it with others . )
In Boom 1.0 , any company with buzz and a business plan rushed to go public long before it had any profits .
Now standards for IPOs are higher .
And with tough reporting requirements imposed by the Sarbanes - Oxley corporate - governance law , fewer companies are even attempting to go public .
Another crucial difference for investors : Today 's
Net stocks are far more reasonably priced than the highfliers of the dot - com era .
For instance , at $ 400 , Google trades for about 33 times Wall Street 's estimates of 2007 earnings of $ 12 per share .
That 's rich but hardly stratospheric .
Compare that with shares of Internet Capital Group , which at their peak in 2000 traded for well over 400 times the company 's 2001 sales .
Exuberance unquestionably has returned , but with a dash of rationality .
" Last time people just dove in and forgot to check to see if the pool was full of water , " says Lise Buyer , a former Wall Street analyst and later an investor - relations executive at Google .
" This time people understand the concept of the businesses and can look at the financials . "
Yet even if many things are different -- i.e. , saner -- this time , you still have to follow the basic rules of sound investing .
Do n't buy a " story " stock if you do n't understand the story .
Do n't invest just because you heard a pick on TV - - or , dare we say , read it in a magazine .
Look for profits , sound financials , and reasonable prospects for growth .
Pay attention to valuation .
Make sure you know the bear case -- the arguments against buying the stock .
And most important of all , devote only a small portion of the cash you 're investing to a hot area like Internet stocks .
With these maxims in mind , we set out to find the best ways for investors to participate in the new Net boom .
Even if you have no intention of committing fresh money , understanding this landscape is an increasing imperative for every investor and every business .
A company does n't have to be a dot - com or a " Net stock " to be a beneficiary - - or a casualty - - of this boom .
We looked at five key areas : big tech , pure Net plays , infrastructure firms , broadband providers , and media conglomerates .
In the end we identified seven stocks -- as well as three mutual funds -- that seem poised to profit .
The Internet giants
Any discussion of investing in the new Net boom naturally begins with Google .
No one argues that Google is n't a fantastic business .
The company is on track to earn $ 3.7 billion next year on sales of $ 9.5 billion .
That 's about nine times the profits and three times the revenues it had in 2004 , the year it went public .
The company makes almost all its money from Internet search ads , and its U.S. market share is at 42 % and growing .
" We 're in this amazing gold mine of search advertising , " says Google CEO Eric Schmidt .
If Google 's so good , it has to be a buy , right ?
Not necessarily .
Google , the stock , has several things against it , starting with its high valuation and high expectations .
The company 's own chief financial officer has acknowledged that the law of big numbers -- the added volume needed to make a big firm even bigger -- will eventually slow Google down .
And the company 's refusal to give detailed financial guidance to Wall Street has led to wild ups and downs .
In 2006 alone , Google has traded as high as $ 475 and as low as $ 331 , a swing of $ 43 billion in market value , or nearly what McDonald 's is worth .
Says Arnold Berman , technology strategist for Cowen & Co. : " Each quarterly report is a massive nail biter from here out .
It will be a back - and - forth stock for the rest of 2006 . "
( Google 's next nail - biting event is its April 20 report of first - quarter earnings . )
The more reasonable option for value - conscious investors is Yahoo ( Research ) .
Very much a media company , where Google emphasizes its technology roots , Yahoo has similarly benefited from the tsunami of online advertising .
But unlike Google it has struggled in the lucrative search area -- and that may provide the opportunity for investors .
If the company can improve in search ( and it has a crack team working on the problem ) , the potential upside is dramatic .
Especially considering Yahoo's price :
It trades at 15 times its estimated 2006 earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation , and amortization , about two - thirds of Google 's Ebitda multiple .
That 's the kind of valuation you would give a newspaper company , not a Net powerhouse , says UBS analyst Benjamin Schachter , who thinks Yahoo's shares -- recently around $ 31 - - could hit $ 39 within the year .
Indeed , Schachter speculates that if Yahoo stays cheap for much longer , Microsoft might even buy it , a megadeal that would rock the online world -- and reward Yahoo investors .
The smaller fry
What about those superhot user - driven web sites that are attracting legions of fans ?
Many , such as YouTube and Facebook , are n't public -- and if they were , might well be wildly overpriced .
The truth is that these kinds of buzz - worthy names tend to offer the worst risk - reward profile for individual investors ; it 's too easy to mistake cool for profitable .
The best opportunities often come from targeted niche players like Navteq , a Chicago software maker that is one of the brains behind Google Maps .
Navteq ( Research ) shares have doubled since the company went public in 2004 ( the same month as Google ) , but not because of its Internet business .
It gets three - quarters of its revenues ( which totaled $ 500 million last year ) selling mapping databases to companies that make global - positioning system , or GPS , devices for automobiles .
It 's a rewarding business , enabling Navteq to maintain 27 % operating margins and 20 % - plus earnings growth .
But Navteq also supplies data to the most popular online mapping sites , including AOL's Mapquest , MSN , Yahoo , and Google .
" We 're only in the second or third inning of this as a growth company , " says Henry Ellenbogen , a fund manager at T. Rowe Price , which is Navteq 's second - largest shareholder , with a 9.6 % stake .
Ellenbogen reckons that onboard navigation is just starting to take off in cars , and that online sites , currently a small portion of Navteq 's business , are an untapped opportunity .
" It 's almost as if you 're not paying for this Internet growth option , " he says .
The suppliers
During the last web frenzy , some of the most successful players were the so - called arms dealers in the Internet wars .
Companies like Dell , Microsoft , and Juniper all benefited because PCs and routers went hand in hand with the growth of the web .
That rationale remains compelling in the new Net boom -- but that does n't mean those big - cap stocks are screaming buys .
Profits at Dell , for example , have jumped smartly in the past five years , but the stock chart remains a flat line because valuations were so high at the peak .
One web enabler that 's roaring again -- and , given its size and position , may well be able to keep up the momentum -- is Akamai Technologies .
Akamai ( Research ) was one of those bubblelicious companies that investors probably never understood .
Shares ran up to $ 345 in 2000 on revenues of $ 90 million and profits of zero ; two years later they traded as low as 56 cents .
Throughout , the Cambridge , Mass. , company kept doing pretty much the same thing .
Using a vast network of servers and software that connect to customer web sites , Akamai speeds up the delivery of web pages .
Marquee customers include Microsoft , Apple , and Yahoo .
The more downloading people do , the more valuable Akamai becomes .
It turned profitable in 2004 and earnings growth has accelerated since then .
Trading at about 44 times Wall Street 's estimates for 2006 earnings , Akamai is n't a bargain ; its stock has doubled in seven months .
But every time another major media conglomerate announces a plan to offer free downloads from its web site , odds are that Akamai is ringing the cash register .
One company that has kept right on raking in the cash , but without getting much credit , is Cisco Systems ( Research ) , the most important supplier to the web 's first growth spurt .
Cisco 's profits have more than doubled since 2002 ( it made $ 6 billion last year on sales of $ 25 billion ) , but its stock was stuck for four years .
Cisco 's impossibly high valuation during the bubble is partly to blame .
Then , after an initially giant comeback from the bust , Cisco 's earnings growth rate plunged as corporations concluded that they had bought all the routers they needed .
Times are about to change for Cisco , and the new developments on the web are the reason .
Cisco just bought Scientific - Atlanta , the big maker of cable set - top boxes .
The strategic shift reveals Cisco 's plan to be as important to video - over - the - web upgrades by cable and phone companies as it was last time for big businesses .
" This positions Cisco favorably not only as a core network provider but also in the home , " says A.G. Edwards analyst Aaron Rakers .
Cisco 's shares have begun moving again as investors have noticed how cheap they 'd gotten .
But at $ 21 , Cisco is trading at about 20 times what it will earn in 2006 , compared with 25 times for its peers .
Rakers and other analysts see Cisco 's earnings finally accelerating .
And Cisco 's main business is healthy as well .
Another well - positioned company is an old software warhorse , Adobe Systems ( Research ) , maker of the popular programs Acrobat and Photoshop .
Adobe 's bid for Web 2.0 greatness is its $ 3.4 billion acquisition last year of Macromedia , whose Flash software is behind some of the web 's coolest applications -- everything from the drag - and - drop stock charts on the new finance site at Google to the free videos bands are using to promote themselves on MySpace .
At $ 37 , Adobe 's stock is 10 % off its recent peak .
That presents a buying opportunity .
When the company finishes weaving its products together with Macromedia 's , it will have a one - stop shop for content designers , and its revenues should accelerate .
" The market is playing a shorter - term game with Adobe right now , " says Jeff Rottinghaus , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Developing Technologies fund .
" But this is such a high - quality business , and the combination of those products is going to be real powerful . "
Broadband providers
One of the buzzwords of the new Net boom is " triple play " -- the selling to consumers of bundled broadband web access , TV programming , and telephone service ( often using voice - over - Internet protocol , or VoIP , in geek - speak ) .
AT&T's $ 89 billion acquisition of BellSouth has helped direct much of the hype toward the big phone companies .
As a result cable stocks are hated right now .
There 's no question the phone - cable competition will be fierce .
What 's in doubt is how quickly the phone companies will get in the game -- unlike the cable firms , they need to build new infrastructure to offer video programming .
For investors the bargain - priced opportunities are among pure - play cable firms .
Comcast president Steve Burke recently told a gathering of investors that by 2010 , Comcast will have between eight million and ten million phone customers , up from 1.3 million today .
By contrast , he estimates that over the same period the phone companies in the regions where Comcast operates will have one million video customers .
Yet the negativity surrounding Comcast ( Research ) is extreme .
The stock , in the words of UBS debt and equity analyst Aryeh Bourkoff , is " priced for destruction . "
The last time Comcast 's stock was this low -- at $ 28 , it trades for about seven times cash flow - - was during a company credit crisis .
Now it 's too cheap to pass up .
Old media
Each of the thought leaders in the four most important entertainment categories today -- Apple in music , Pixar in movies , Google in advertising , and Electronic Arts in videogames -- is based in Silicon Valley .
So it 's no surprise that the four biggest media conglomerates -- Disney , News Corp. , Time Warner , Viacom - - are grappling with the repercussions of the new Net boom .
Disney 's stock popped 17 % this year after new CEO Bob Iger agreed to buy Pixar for $ 7.4 billion in January and put hit shows first for sale on iTunes and then for free on the web .
Yet how much do new media initiatives affect the bottom line at huge old media firms ?
Consider Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp .
Investors -- and nearly all of Silicon Valley - - chuckled when it bought the youth - oriented site MySpace.com last summer as part of a $ 580 million acquisition of Intermix .
Since then the site has zoomed from 32 million users to 65 million , and it soon should overtake Yahoo as owner of the web 's biggest audience .
Yet that audience produces little cash flow .
UBS 's Bourkoff assigns the company 's Internet operations , of which MySpace is only a part , just 43 cents of his $ 22 - a- share overall valuation of News Corp .
The long run , however , will doubtless be different .
And what the acquisition shows is that " Rupert Murdoch is seeing things clearly , " says Bourkoff .
Among the big- media conglomerates , the newly slimmed down Viacom is just building an Internet strategy , and Time Warner has yet to prove that AOL is n't a declining asset .
Disney , while showing signs of life under Iger , is no longer the bargain it was before this year 's share run-up ( and the price it paid for Pixar may end up a longer - term drag ) .
News Corp. ( Research ) is largely done with a billion - dollar - plus Internet buying binge , and while MySpace is a less - than - ideal ad environment ( scantily clad teenagers present a challenge for wholesome marketers ) , revenue there certainly will skyrocket .
The rest of News Corp .'s highly profitable operations , meanwhile , seem moderately priced at their current $ 18 level .
The fund options
Considering the perils of Net investing , you may want to hire a mutual fund manager to do your stock picking for you .
Our first suggestion is n't a Net head or even a tech jockey , but he's one of the most astute stockpickers around : Bill Miller , manager of Legg Mason Value Trust .
Miller is famous for topping the S&P 500 index for the past 15 years -- the longest streak going .
He also has a real knack for spotting Net winners .
Indeed , while the fund , classified as a large - cap blend by Morningstar , owns traditional blue chips like J.P. Morgan Chase and Aetna , it 's gotten a lot of its pop in recent years from Net plays like Amazon , eBay , and Google , all of which are among its top ten holdings .
At the other extreme from Legg Mason Value is a pure Internet fund like Jacob Internet .
Manager Ryan Jacob focuses on web - centric small caps and microcaps .
And he 's been on a tear .
After losing 79 % in 2000 , the fund has earned an annualized 19 % over the past five years and 47 % for the past three .
Among its drawbacks are its high annual expenses ( 2.64 % ) and concentration in the riskiest niche of a volatile sector .
A third option is a more diversified tech - sector fund .
One standout is Fidelity Select Technology , managed by James Morrow , which has earned an annualized 21 % for the past three years .
Its big holdings include tech stalwarts Microsoft , Dell , and Cisco , plus Google .
Then again , with Google recently having been added to the S&P 500 index , the odds are you 're already invested in the new Net boom and did n't even know it .
So enjoy the ride .
But do n't let your guard down .
REPORTER ASSOCIATES
Doris Burke and Eugenia Levenson .
Additional reporting by Jon Birger , Oliver Ryan and Corey Hajim .
Breaking Spaghetti Short story B. Audoly , S. Neukirch Laboratoire de Modélisation en Mécanique ,
UMR 7607 CNRS / UPMC , 4 place Jussieu , case 162 , 75252 Paris cedex 05 , France
The physical process of fragmentation is relevant to many areas of science and technology .
Because different physical phenomena are at work , the fragmentation of solid bodies has mainly been studied from a statistical viewpoint .
Nevertheless a growing number of works have included physical considerations : surface energy contributions , nucleation and growth properties of the fracture process , elastic buckling , and stress wave propagation .
Here we focus on the quasi-static fragmentation of brittle elastic rods .
Our main purpose is to understand why brittle rods ( like dry spaghetti ) break into many fragments  and not simply in half  when bent beyond their rupture curvature .
Experiment .
To study the dynamics of the rod following the first breaking event , we introduce a catapult experiment : a rod is bent quasi-statically and then suddenly released at one end .
Surprisingly , instead of smoothly relaxing to its straight configuration , the rod often breaks at a intermediate point in between the free end and the clamped end shortly after its release .
Elastic model .
We used the Kirchhoff equations for elastic rods to study the dynamics of the rod in this catapult geometry .
When released , the rod follows three regimes successively : ( 1 ) the released end quickly straightens up at short times , giving birth to a burst of flexural waves that ( 2 ) travel along the rod to the clamped end and ( 3 ) are amplified by reflexions on the opposite ( clamped ) edge .
This behavior is described analytically by a self - similar solution with no adjustable parameter , whose relevance has been confirmed by numerical integration of the dynamic Kirchhoff equations .
Comparing the simulations and experiments .
Our main result is that the flexural waves which travel along the rod locally increase the curvature .
Since the rod was initially in a strongly bent state , this increase is sufficient to break it .
We have performed 25 catapult experiments and recorded the time and location of breakings ( shown as white circles , triangles and diamonds of the following figure , corresponding to various pasta radii ) .
We have also computed the time and location of curvature records in the dynamics of the released rod , as predicted by a simulation of the nonlinear Kirchhoff equations : for each value of the arc - length , the shaded areas in the graph show the times where the curvature is higher than any time before .
The agreement between computations and experimental data is excellent as the experimental breaking events fall perfectly onto the predicted maximum records when rescaled variables are used .
No adjustable parameter is used in the comparison .
Conclusion
We have shown that releasing an elastic brittle rod from a bent configuration is sufficient to make it break .
This counter - intuitive result explains why brittle rods break in several pieces when bent beyond their limit curvature : a first breaking occurs when the curvature exceeds its limit value in some place , after which , as described above , flexural waves travel along the two newly formed halves of the rod , where they locally increase the curvature further .
This increase leads to new breakings that give rise to new travelling waves , and a cascade mechanism can take place .
The Strokes are filming a new video next week .
Here 's the very entertaining casting call .
Good luck .
----------
Seeking featured talent for the new Strokes video shooting this weekend .
IMPORTANT :
The video is cutting edge and we are looking for talent that is comfortable with getting physical on set .
Do not submit if you are uncomfortable making - out with members of the same / opposite sex ( depending on scene . )
Please denote the role you want to be considered for .
SOCIALITE Aging Female , Caucasian , 60 - 70 years old .
Example : Lauren Bacall
LESBIANS , 20s - 30 ’s , “ Victoria Secret ” model - type lesbians , prefer Caucasian .
The scene involves kissing and being affectionate with another woman .
AD EXECUTIVE FEMALE , Caucasian , sexy , 40’s ( reference : Kim Cattrall )
The scene involves an aggressive make - out session in a taxi with another male .
HEROINE CHIQ HIPSTER MALE , Caucasian , 20 ’s - 30 ’s ( reference : Nick Stahl in “ Bully ” )
The scene involves an aggressive make - out session in a taxi with another female .
GAY MALE COUPLE Good - looking , East - village type exhibitionist males , 20 ’s - 30 ’s , any ethnicity .
The scene involves an aggressive make - out session between to males .
GRAFFITI ARTIST street - punk skater guy , any ethnicity , 20s - 30’s
Must be real Graffiti artist
INNOCENT COUPLE IN LOVE
Young , 17 - 21 , Caucasian male and female , natural , plain , and innocent – can have braces .
The scene involves dialogue .
( reference :
The couple in Green Day ’s “ When September Ends ” video )
CAB DRIVER , Male , Caucasian , late 40 ’s - early 60 ’s , with an interesting face or striking blue eyes .
HOT COUPLE , male and female , mid-20 ’s , must be hot , sexy , rock n’ roll , downtown hipster .
The scene involves an aggressive make - out session between the couple .
If interested or available , please submit recent photo and contact information to : StrokesVideo@aol.com
Auditions : Thurs .
Oct. 13 ( Yom Kippur )
Callbacks : Possibly Fri. Oct. 14
Shoots : Sunday Oct. 16 and / or Monday Oct. 17 ( could be a night shoot for Monday )
Location : NYC
Rate : $ 200
Submisison Deadline : Oct. 15 , 2005
Here ’s something I ’ve learned : when faced with a programming project , the worst thing you can do is start coding right away .
Programming is not like building a house .
When you build a house , a wall goes together a standard way .
Match up Tab A with Slot B and you ’re good to go .
( A gross over - simplification – please do n’t flame me over this ...)
But programming an app – there ’s a million different ways you can do it .
And it keeps changing .
The way you programmed an app a year ago is probably not the way you ’d do it now .
There are new languages , new frameworks , new methods , new capabilities , new interface expectations , etc .
I have a problem with procrastination .
But I ’ve learned that sometimes , I ’m not procrastinating as much as I ’m really thinking .
Sometimes , the worst thing you can do is start programming right away .
Sometimes the best thing you can do is think about the problem – either actively , or just by letting it simmer on the back burner of your mind for a while .
The way you ’d start coding the thing two days from now , very well may be 100x different .
This weekend , I needed to program a simple job application .
I ’ve done this before ( in the end , it ’s just a form submission , really ) , but I still did n’t think I should jump into it right away .
I started thinking about it while I went about my average Saturday , and did n’t start coding it until five or six hours later .
Sure enough , during that period , I came up with some really good ideas on how to do a couple of things which resulted in a much better app overall .
It ’s almost like every app has a gestation period .
I know from having three kids that my wife got pretty sick of the whole pregnancy thing about four months into each of them .
But , obviously , that baby needs to stay in there until it ’s done .
Likewise , even if you ’re flat sure you know how to program that app , maybe sleep on it .
Let it gestate a little more before throwing down any code .
When I was in the Navy , I was a medic supporting a platoon of Marines .
I remember clearly sitting on a ridge overlooking the urban combat training facility in Camp Pendleton .
In the “ city ” were hundreds of bad guys .
On the ridge were hundreds of Marines .
Everyone had a plan , and they all involved doing something right now .
But the sergeant that everyone really respected and listened to said something I ’ll never forget .
He said , “ There are a thousand different ways to do this .
Problem is , 999 of them are wrong . ”
The same can be said of programming .
We thought the 10 Million Candlepower spotlight / flashlight was the ultimate in personal illumination , but now the record has been completely outshined with a 15 Million Candlepower Spotlight / Flashlight !
I have the 10 million candlepower version and I am beyond impressed with it , but now I really wish I would have waited .
If you 're looking for the World 's Brightest Flashlight , this is it .
Even better , it 's relatively inexpensive and comes with a Lifetime Guarantee .
So , before we get started , a few caveats .
Our machine is a Windows Media Center XP 2005 box -- light use , basically our media server and occasional Engadget test bed .
We were n't anticipating any problems .
Our software is version 1.0.5341.0 -- the release version of the Zune software that came bundled with the player .
Let 's go through the install , shall we ?
real
Twinight Ryan ( sp )
UprightRyan
GrizzlyRyan
PraisedCloud
ScapularWorm and
HangingCheetah
PricyRacketeer
GutlessStudent
WontedSum
PeeweeDust
that
that
comedy of errors
Update :
Ok , go !
Thanks , we 're glad to be here too , we guess .
Hit next .
Yep , we accept .
Waiting ... it 's doing something , but it does n't tell us what .
It 's a minute or two .
Oh , ok , it 's starting to install the Zune software .
No install location options , just already going .
Nevermind the fact that we put our applications on a different drive than our Windows install .
Yeah boyeee .
Ok , all done .
Let 's have big fun like these peeps !
First up , we have to make a connection .
So let 's plug in our Zune .
Really ?
A home on another computer ?
We 've never touched this Zune in our life .
No matter , it 's a review unit , maybe they tested it before shipping it to us .
( Come to find out , it supposedly gives that prompt always so long as the Zune is in guest mode .
Got it . )
Let 's make it a full - fledged Zune , shall we ?
Give it thereview , none of that guest BS .
Oh , wait , see how that Next button is orange ?
That 's because this is where the software crashes for the first time .
So we have to start over from make a connection -- but if your Zune is still plugged in , the software wo n't see it .
So kill the process , unplug the Zune , restart the software , plug the Zune back in .
Ok .
We did this a couple more times before we learned our lesson .
We 'll take guest mode then , thanks .
Ok , good , we made it past .
Let 's do express .
It is , after all , recommended .
Hmm , let 's stream some media to our Xbox 360 .
Music and video for now .
Great , looks like we 're all set .
Let 's get to it .
Oh , wait , no , now we have to make a Zune Tag .
We do n't really want to , so let 's cancel and go straight to the store .
Yes , we 're sure we want to cancel !
Ah , the app , finally !
We 've been waiting to fool around with this .
Upper right , that 's our Zune .
It 's got some content , as you can see .
Ok , first thing we want to do ?
Obviously : options !
Crap , as soon as we click the options button , it crashes .
( Note top bar , not responding . )
Ok , we have to restart .
So let 's create that Zune Tag after all .
Bummer , apparently there 's already another Ryan using a Zune .
Since there 's some Xbox Live integration , however , it looks like you can use your Zune Tag as your Xbox Live tag , and vice versa .
While we were figuring out which tag to use , we were suggested some pretty awesome ( ly awful ) names :
Do we LOOK like a scapular worm to you ?
Do n't answer that .
Ok , we picked one that does n't exist .
But now we need a Windows Live ID too .
Thankfully we hadin the form of a Hotmail account .
Seriously though , how long is this going to go on ?
Ok , enter your Live ID , got it .
What ?
Now there 's account information we have to put in ?
What ?
Now we 're required to hand over our phone number ?
Umm , ok we 're just gonna put a dummy number in there .
Sweet , finally , now I get more options of things to do .
Zune Marketplace , buy MS points , or get a sub .
The sub wo n't yet work since the store is n't fully active until the 14th , so let 's go with the points .
Ahh , Microsoft points .
Xbox 360 users know ye well .
So much for buying songs in straight American currency without buying blocks of points , but hey , we 'll live .
Ok , we 've seen enough , let 's back out of here and go hit the player app .
Sorry , can't , application crashes here .
Ok , so software is restarted , let 's sign on .
Nice , that 's what we 've been waiting to see ever since the options dialogue crashed our computer .
We tried the options menu again -- and it crashed it again .
So we 're not touching that anymore .
Let 's keep moving .
These are the loaded tracks on the player .
We are a little bummed there 's no loaded cover art , especially since it 's there in the Zune .
And yes , they did tag that C.S.S. song improperly as CSS , creating another artist listing .
Man oh man , devil 's in the details , ai n't it ?
Ok , back to the store .
We can't actually buy anything , but it looks nice .
All the standard stuff .
Now we 're over in our videos library -- no videos indexed yet , though .
So let 's add some .
Specify your indexed folders .
Well , it did n't index our DivX Daily Show eps ( big surprise ) .
Let 's try a folder with WMV video .
Hey , there 's Dave Zatz again !
That 's not a live preview , but it works .
We 're playing video -- you can't see because of the screen cap , but it 's playing , and it looks good !
And now in the upper right we can see the audio CD burning dialogue .
But now when we switched over to the Zune it 's missing , just not there .
We unplug it , plug it back in , and ... This screen pops up .
But the Zune is still not showing .
However , if we shut down the app , plug it back in , then it'll pop up just fine and show the device in the player .
Whatever .
See , there it is .
We try to go back and reinstall the software -- maybe it was just a funky install or something .
Nope , ca n't reinstall , it 's up to date .
Fine , we 're going to uninstall it .
We have no idea what this one is , but it popped up after that initial uninstall dialogue .
Icing on the cake : restart after uninstall .
No , sorry , the icing on the cake is the crash our computer took after we hit this , causing our RAID 5 array to crap out and spend a few hours rebuilding .
But just to be EXTRA sure , we tried the software on a second PC we had laying around .
Besides 20 minutes to install ( huh ? ) it worked just fine .
Expect more fromPC in the near future !
In the mean time , we let Microsoft know what was up and they were pretty quick to help figure out what was behind this whole nightmare install .
We do n't yet know , but hopefully it 's something small and limited to our Media Center PC -- because if it is n't , tomorrow 's big launch is going to be astraight up tragedy .
I , Ryan , reinstalled on the PC that was giving me so many problems -- after the RAID array rebuilt , that is -- and it went just fine .
I 'm using it right now in fact .
But then Peter 's install ( Vaio laptop ) went south just like my first install did .
Same crash errors and everything .
So we 're two for two !
I 've long been interested in educational methodologies , so I was glad when Stoneridge Children 's Montessori School held a special event called " the Journey " .
Parents got the chance to experience first - hand many of their educational materials .
Montessori education forms a triangle between the teacher , the child , and the educational environment , each of which influences the other two .
We began our tour with the Toddler House program .
Our kids were already past this point when we found Stoneridge .
Other parents tell me that even at 20 - 36 months , children like the orderliness of taking trays of materials , " working " with them , and putting them back in place .
Some materials were clearly suited for younger toddlers .
Others were more advanced , like the box with many types of latches to open .
Another advanced work I noticed was a flashlight with batteries .
I can imagine a two - and - a - half year old feeling very independent learning to change batteries in a flashlight .
They have a variety of small musical instruments that must surely be a hit .
They also have their own small playground directly outside from the classroom .
It definitely seemed like a nicer environment than your average daycare , and from what other parents have told me there 's real educational value in such a program at that age .
Our next stop was Children 's House , a classroom for children from 3 to 6 years old .
This is the age group that Montessori education is most known for .
My wife and I were very impressed the first time we saw a classroom of children this age enjoying their " work " in an orderly way .
The classroom follows simple rules : Children choose materials from a shelf that have been demonstrated to them by a teacher .
They may not choose materials that they have n't been taught how to " work " with yet .
When they tire of one thing they put it away and get another .
Teachers circulate to give guidance and demonstrate new materials .
For " the Journey " , the teachers simply left laminated instructions for parents to read .
There is an abundance of materials .
Some introduce progression , such as the different sized blocks and cylinders .
Then there are the counting beads that make numbers into a concrete concept .
There are materials that then tie the symbols that represent numbers to the numbers themselves .
One of my kids was very proud for having completed the hundreds board just a few days ago .
I tried doing the hundreds board the way a child would -- hunting for each number individually instead of sorting as I went .
It was a big task .
I 'm sure it helps number recognition a lot .
They teach reading starting with lower - case letters , emphasizing sounds rather than letter names .
This is the shortest path to reading words , the most meaningful reward for the child 's effort .
Various materials teach children to recognize , feel , and write letters .
Initial work putting words together is done with a " movable alphabet " that is easier for small hands to manipulate than a pencil .
There is a large variety of early reading / writing material .
Each Childrens
House classroom has its own decorating style according to the lead teacher 's wishes .
The one we toured had caged birds , and a pumpkin enclosed in a plastic jar that let children watch decomposition .
Stoneridge is set far back from any road , so that the rooms are quiet and the views out the windows are pleasant .
It feels like a haven from the rush of modern life .
Next we visited a first - level elementary classroom , where ages 6 - 9 learn together .
The materials follow the same principles as in Childrens House , but are more advanced .
My favorite was long division .
When the digit you 're working with does not divide evenly , you physically replace the remainder with ten times as many of the next digit .
The manipulation of abstract symbols is directly connected to physical objects that you see and touch .
I am sure children who learn math in this way will have a clear mental picture of what arithmetic operations do .
As a math major at MIT , I remember tutoring underclassmen who could manipulate the symbols but not apply them to word problems .
Math education needs more materials like this , and not just at the elementary level .
The second - level elementary classroom had more independent study materials .
It also continued the progression of concrete materials for math concepts and reading / writing .
I noticed the square of ( a+b ) was something that could be done in a traditional textbook , and wondered why I did n't remember seeing it when I learned algebra in high school .
It is another example of putting a concrete picture together with the symbol - manipulation concepts .
We had enough time at the end for one middle - school exercise that involved group discussion of a Shakespeare poem .
At some point I hope to find out more about what goes on at that level .
I think middle school is a good age to introduce computers into the curriculum , and I know they 're starting something along those lines .
Comments ( View )
The Pentagon's Weather Nightmare
The climate could change radically , and fast .
That would be the mother of all national security issues .
( FORTUNE Magazine ) – Global warming may be bad news for future generations , but let 's face it , most of us spend as little time worrying about it as we did about al Qaeda before 9/11 .
Like the terrorists , though , the seemingly remote climate risk may hit home sooner and harder than we ever imagined .
In fact , the prospect has become so real that the Pentagon 's strategic planners are grappling with it .
The threat that has riveted their attention is this : Global warming , rather than causing gradual , centuries - spanning change , may be pushing the climate to a tipping point .
Growing evidence suggests the ocean - atmosphere system that controls the world 's climate can lurch from one state to another in less than a decade -- like a canoe that 's gradually tilted until suddenly it flips over .
Scientists do n't know how close the system is to a critical threshold .
But abrupt climate change may well occur in the not - too - distant future .
If it does , the need to rapidly adapt may overwhelm many societies -- thereby upsetting the geopolitical balance of power .
Though triggered by warming , such change would probably cause cooling in the Northern Hemisphere , leading to longer , harsher winters in much of the U.S. and Europe .
Worse , it would cause massive droughts , turning farmland to dust bowls and forests to ashes .
Picture last fall 's California wildfires as a regular thing .
Or imagine similar disasters destabilizing nuclear powers such as Pakistan or Russia - - it 's easy to see why the Pentagon has become interested in abrupt climate change .
Climate researchers began getting seriously concerned about it a decade ago , after studying temperature indicators embedded in ancient layers of Arctic ice .
The data show that a number of dramatic shifts in average temperature took place in the past with shocking speed -- in some cases , just a few years .
The case for angst was buttressed by a theory regarded as the most likely explanation for the abrupt changes .
The eastern U.S. and northern Europe , it seems , are warmed by a huge Atlantic Ocean current that flows north from the tropics -- that 's why Britain , at Labrador 's latitude , is relatively temperate .
Pumping out warm , moist air , this " great conveyor " current gets cooler and denser as it moves north .
That causes the current to sink in the North Atlantic , where it heads south again in the ocean depths .
The sinking process draws more water from the south , keeping the roughly circular current on the go .
But when the climate warms , according to the theory , fresh water from melting Arctic glaciers flows into the North Atlantic , lowering the current 's salinity -- and its density and tendency to sink .
A warmer climate also increases rainfall and runoff into the current , further lowering its saltiness .
As a result , the conveyor loses its main motive force and can rapidly collapse , turning off the huge heat pump and altering the climate over much of the Northern Hemisphere .
Scientists are n't sure what caused the warming that triggered such collapses in the remote past .
( Clearly it was n't humans and their factories . )
But the data from Arctic ice and other sources suggest the atmospheric changes that preceded earlier collapses were dismayingly similar to today 's global warming .
As the Ice Age began drawing to a close about 13,000 years ago , for example , temperatures in Greenland rose to levels near those of recent decades .
Then they abruptly plunged as the conveyor apparently shut down , ushering in the " Younger Dryas " period , a 1,300 - year reversion to ice - age conditions .
( A dryas is an Arctic flower that flourished in Europe at the time . )
Though Mother Nature caused past abrupt climate changes , the one that may be shaping up today probably has more to do with us .
In 2001 an international panel of climate experts concluded that there is increasingly strong evidence that most of the global warming observed over the past 50 years is attributable to human activities -- mainly the burning of fossil fuels such as oil and coal , which release heat - trapping carbon dioxide .
Indicators of the warming include shrinking Arctic ice , melting alpine glaciers , and markedly earlier springs at northerly latitudes .
A few years ago such changes seemed signs of possible trouble for our kids or grandkids .
Today they seem portents of a cataclysm that may not conveniently wait until we 're history .
Accordingly , the spotlight in climate research is shifting from gradual to rapid change .
In 2002 the National Academy of Sciences issued a report concluding that human activities could trigger abrupt change .
Last year the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , included a session at which Robert Gagosian , director of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts , urged policymakers to consider the implications of possible abrupt climate change within two decades .
Such jeremiads are beginning to reverberate more widely .
Billionaire Gary Comer , founder of Lands ' End , has adopted abrupt climate change as a philanthropic cause .
Hollywood has also discovered the issue -- next summer 20th Century Fox is expected to release The Day After Tomorrow , a big - budget disaster movie starring Dennis Quaid as a scientist trying to save the world from an ice age precipitated by global warming .
Fox 's flick will doubtless be apocalyptically edifying .
But what would abrupt climate change really be like ?
Scientists generally refuse to say much about that , citing a data deficit .
But recently , renowned Department of Defense planner Andrew Marshall sponsored a groundbreaking effort to come to grips with the question .
A Pentagon legend , Marshall , 82 , is known as the Defense Department 's " Yoda " - - a balding , bespectacled sage whose pronouncements on looming risks have long had an outsized influence on defense policy .
Since 1973 he has headed a secretive think tank whose role is to envision future threats to national security .
The Department of Defense 's push on ballistic - missile defense is known as his brainchild .
Three years ago Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld picked him to lead a sweeping review on military " transformation , " the shift toward nimble forces and smart weapons .
When scientists ' work on abrupt climate change popped onto his radar screen , Marshall tapped another eminent visionary , Peter Schwartz , to write a report on the national - security implications of the threat .
Schwartz formerly headed planning at Royal Dutch / Shell Group and has since consulted with organizations ranging from the CIA to DreamWorks - - he helped create futuristic scenarios for Steven Spielberg 's film Minority Report .
Schwartz and co-author Doug Randall at the Monitor Group 's Global Business Network , a scenario - planning think tank in Emeryville , Calif. , contacted top climate experts and pushed them to talk about what - ifs that they usually shy away from -- at least in public .
The result is an unclassified report , completed late last year , that the Pentagon has agreed to share with FORTUNE .
It does n't pretend to be a forecast .
Rather , it sketches a dramatic but plausible scenario to help planners think about coping strategies .
Here is an abridged version :
A TOTAL SHUTDOWN of the ocean conveyor might lead to a big chill like the Younger Dryas , when icebergs appeared as far south as the coast of Portugal .
Or the conveyor might only temporarily slow down , potentially causing an era like the " Little Ice Age , " a time of hard winters , violent storms , and droughts between 1300 and 1850 .
That period 's weather extremes caused horrific famines , but it was mild compared with the Younger Dryas .
For planning purposes , it makes sense to focus on a midrange case of abrupt change .
A century of cold , dry , windy weather across the Northern Hemisphere that suddenly came on 8,200 years ago fits the bill - - its severity fell between that of the Younger Dryas and the Little Ice Age .
The event is thought to have been triggered by a conveyor collapse after a time of rising temperatures not unlike today 's global warming .
Suppose it recurred , beginning in 2010 .
Here are some of the things that might happen by 2020 :
At first the changes are easily mistaken for normal weather variation -- allowing skeptics to dismiss them as a " blip " of little importance and leaving policymakers and the public paralyzed with uncertainty .
But by 2020 there is little doubt that something drastic is happening .
The average temperature has fallen by up to five degrees Fahrenheit in some regions of North America and Asia and up to six degrees in parts of Europe .
( By comparison , the average temperature over the North Atlantic during the last ice age was ten to 15 degrees lower than it is today . )
Massive droughts have begun in key agricultural regions .
The average annual rainfall has dropped by nearly 30 % in northern Europe , and its climate has become more like Siberia's .
Violent storms are increasingly common as the conveyor becomes wobbly on its way to collapse .
A particularly severe storm causes the ocean to break through levees in the Netherlands , making coastal cities such as the Hague unlivable .
In California the delta island levees in the Sacramento River area are breached , disrupting the aqueduct system transporting water from north to south .
Megadroughts afflict the U.S. , especially in the southern states , along with winds that are 15 % stronger on average than they are now , causing widespread dust storms and soil loss .
The U.S. is better positioned to cope than most nations , however , thanks to its diverse growing climates , wealth , technology , and abundant resources .
That has a downside , though :
It magnifies the haves - vs. - have - nots gap and fosters bellicose finger - pointing at America .
Turning inward , the U.S. effectively seeks to build a fortress around itself to preserve resources .
Borders are strengthened to hold back starving immigrants from Mexico , South America , and the Caribbean islands -- waves of boat people pose especially grim problems .
Tension between the U.S. and Mexico rises as the U.S. reneges on a 1944 treaty that guarantees water flow from the Colorado River into Mexico .
America is forced to meet its rising energy demand with options that are costly both economically and politically , including nuclear power and onerous Middle Eastern contracts .
Yet it survives without catastrophic losses .
Europe , hardest hit by its temperature drop , struggles to deal with immigrants from Scandinavia seeking warmer climes to the south .
Southern Europe is beleaguered by refugees from hard - hit countries in Africa and elsewhere .
But Western Europe 's wealth helps buffer it from catastrophe .
Australia 's size and resources help it cope , as does its location -- the conveyor shutdown mainly affects the Northern Hemisphere .
Japan has fewer resources but is able to draw on its social cohesion to cope -- its government is able to induce population - wide behavior changes to conserve resources .
China 's huge population and food demand make it particularly vulnerable .
It is hit by increasingly unpredictable monsoon rains , which cause devastating floods in drought - denuded areas .
Other parts of Asia and East Africa are similarly stressed .
Much of Bangladesh becomes nearly uninhabitable because of a rising sea level , which contaminates inland water supplies .
Countries whose diversity already produces conflict , such as India and Indonesia , are hard - pressed to maintain internal order while coping with the unfolding changes .
As the decade progresses , pressures to act become irresistible -- history shows that whenever humans have faced a choice between starving or raiding , they raid .
Imagine Eastern European countries , struggling to feed their populations , invading Russia - - which is weakened by a population that is already in decline -- for access to its minerals and energy supplies .
Or picture Japan eyeing nearby Russian oil and gas reserves to power desalination plants and energy - intensive farming .
Envision nuclear - armed Pakistan , India , and China skirmishing at their borders over refugees , access to shared rivers , and arable land .
Or Spain and Portugal fighting over fishing rights -- fisheries are disrupted around the world as water temperatures change , causing fish to migrate to new habitats .
Growing tensions engender novel alliances .
Canada joins fortress America in a North American bloc .
( Alternatively , Canada may seek to keep its abundant hydropower for itself , straining its ties with the energy - hungry U.S. )
North and South Korea align to create a technically savvy , nuclear - armed entity .
Europe forms a truly unified bloc to curb its immigration problems and protect against aggressors .
Russia , threatened by impoverished neighbors in dire straits , may join the European bloc .
Nuclear arms proliferation is inevitable .
Oil supplies are stretched thin as climate cooling drives up demand .
Many countries seek to shore up their energy supplies with nuclear energy , accelerating nuclear proliferation .
Japan , South Korea , and Germany develop nuclear - weapons capabilities , as do Iran , Egypt , and North Korea .
Israel , China , India , and Pakistan also are poised to use the bomb .
The changes relentlessly hammer the world 's " carrying capacity " -- the natural resources , social organizations , and economic networks that support the population .
Technological progress and market forces , which have long helped boost Earth 's carrying capacity , can do little to offset the crisis -- it is too widespread and unfolds too fast .
As the planet 's carrying capacity shrinks , an ancient pattern reemerges : the eruption of desperate , all - out wars over food , water , and energy supplies .
As Harvard archeologist Steven LeBlanc has noted , wars over resources were the norm until about three centuries ago .
When such conflicts broke out , 25 % of a population 's adult males usually died .
As abrupt climate change hits home , warfare may again come to define human life .
Over the past decade , data have accumulated suggesting that the plausibility of abrupt climate change is higher than most of the scientific community , and perhaps all of the political community , are prepared to accept .
In light of such findings , we should be asking when abrupt change will happen , what the impacts will be , and how we can prepare -- not whether it will really happen .
In fact , the climate record suggests that abrupt change is inevitable at some point , regardless of human activity .
Among other things , we should :
-- Speed research on the forces that can trigger abrupt climate change , how it unfolds , and how we 'll know it 's occurring .
-- Sponsor studies on the scenarios that might play out , including ecological , social , economic , and political fallout on key food - producing regions .
-- Identify " no regrets " strategies to ensure reliable access to food and water and to ensure our national security .
-- Form teams to prepare responses to possible massive migration , and food and water shortages .
-- Explore ways to offset abrupt cooling -- today it appears easier to warm than to cool the climate via human activities , so there may be " geo-engineering " options available to prevent a catastrophic temperature drop .
In sum , the risk of abrupt climate change remains uncertain , and it is quite possibly small .
But given its dire consequences , it should be elevated beyond a scientific debate .
Action now matters , because we may be able to reduce its likelihood of happening , and we can certainly be better prepared if it does .
It is time to recognize it as a national security concern .
The Pentagon 's reaction to this sobering report is n't known -- in keeping with his reputation for reticence , Andy Marshall declined to be interviewed .
But the fact that he 's concerned may signal a sea change in the debate about global warming .
At least some federal thought leaders may be starting to perceive climate change less as a political annoyance and more as an issue demanding action .
If so , the case for acting now to address climate change , long a hard sell in Washington , may be gaining influential support , if only behind the scenes .
Policymakers may even be emboldened to take steps such as tightening fuel - economy standards for new passenger vehicles , a measure that would simultaneously lower emissions of greenhouse gases , reduce America 's perilous reliance on OPEC oil , cut its trade deficit , and put money in consumers ' pockets .
Oh , yes -- and give the Pentagon 's fretful Yoda a little less to worry about .
FEEDBACK dstipp@fortunemail.com
The Next Net 25
A new Web revolution is picking up steam , and the next Google or Microsoft could emerge from the companies that are in the vanguard .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Business 2.0 Magazine ) -
Things are really crackling in Silicon Valley these days .
There 's the frenzied startup action , the rising rivers of VC cash , even the occasional bubble - icious long - term stock prediction ( Google $ 2,000 , anyone ? ) .
( See the list and gallery : The Next Net 25 )
There 's so much happening that the buzzword recently employed to try to encapsulate the era -- " Web 2.0 " -- now seems hopelessly inadequate , defined and redefined into near meaninglessness by squadrons of aspiring entrepreneurs , marketers , and other fortune hunters .
So it seems a particularly useful moment to wave away the smoke and home in on what 's really core .
Do n't be distracted by the Valley 's hype - o - meter pushing toward the red :
There 's something very real -- and very powerful -- afoot .
Driven by ubiquitous broadband , cheap hardware , and open - source software , the Web is mutating into a radically different beast than it has been .
And that is leading to the creation of entirely new kinds of companies , new business models , and oceans of new opportunity .
We are in the early stages of what might be better thought of as the Next Net .
The Next Net will encompass all digital devices , from PC to cell phone to television .
Its defining characteristics include the ability to interact instantaneously with any of the more than 1 billion Web users across the globe -- not by , say , instant messaging , but by evolving instant - voice - messaging and instant - video - messaging apps that will make today 's e-mail and IM seem crude .
The Next Net is deeply collaborative : People from across the planet can work together on the same task , and products or tools can be rapidly tweaked and improved by the collective wisdom of the entire online world .
The new era is also creating a realm of endless mix and match :
Anyone with a browser can access vast stores of information , mash it up , and serve it in new ways , to a few people or a few hundred million .
Most striking , the Next Net creates endless possibilities for entrepreneurs and established players alike to take advantage of the Web 's new power .
They are building on the success of early standard - bearers -- Flickr , MySpace , Wikipedia -- but also moving beyond those pioneers in creative and fascinating ways .
In the pages that follow , we identify 25 companies , in five Next Net categories , whose approaches help illuminate where the Web is headed and where the opportunities lie .
Most are startups , a lot of them with less than 10 full - time employees .
Few are currently making money , and it's a given that many will fail .
But it 's equally likely that somewhere within this group lurks the next Google or Microsoft or Yahoo -- or at least something that those giants will soon pay a pretty penny to have .
See the full list and photo gallery : The Next Net 25
So those scurvy bums at Wal - Mart are finally getting what is coming to them !
The state of Maryland will force all companies with more then 10,000 employees to spend at least 8 percent of their payroll on health insurance .
Lots of companies have that many employees , but only one falls under the 8 percent threshold , which is you know who .
It is only the latest legislative blow dealt against the company that is finally accomplishing what everyone throughout all of human history dreamed of : plentiful food and goods available to all people in all places at low prices .
What ’s to complain about ?
This is the mystery that cries out for investigation .
That success breeds destructive attacks is part of business lore .
A classic in modern libertarian literature , for example , is the poem “ The Incredible Bread Machine ” by R.W. Grant .
It tells the story of Tom Smith , who invents a great machine to bake bread and package bread so cheaply that it could sell for less than a penny .
“ The first time yet the world well fed , And all because of Tom Smith ’s bread . ”
But then Tom Smith developed a problem : success .
His bread was everywhere , and he was rich .
But soon the public began to decry the Bread Trust , and regulation smashed his company .
The last two stanzas :
Now bread is baked by government .
And as might be expected , Everything is well controlled .
The Public well protected .
True , loaves cost a dollar each , But our leaders do their best !
The selling price is half a cent …
Taxes pay the rest .
The key to the story is antitrust regulations pushed by business competitors and cheered on by an envious public ignorant of economics .
It ’s pretty much the same with Wal - Mart .
Companies with whom Wal - Mart competes are only too happy in the short term to see the company get hammered for undercutting them on price .
If you have been trying to fob off products for high prices for years — and these are essential to your profit margins — it must be torture to see Wal - Mart doing so well selling at a fraction of the old market price .
Herein lies not only the origin of antitrust but of vast numbers of business regulations .
They are advocated by dominant firms that seek to impose harmful costs on smaller competitors ( such as when Wal - Mart itself was pushing for a higher minimum wage ) or by smaller firms that hope to impose punishing costs on more successful firms .
The notion that these regulations are designed to benefit the public is just the ideological junk - food that is fed to Congressional committees and the general public .
The way to address this problem is for the state to cease to offer business the chance to unfairly compete in this way .
If there were no regulations and no antitrust laws , businesses would not face the near - occasion of sin to use government as a way to clobber its enemies .
They would face no choice but to innovate , cut costs , and serve consumers better than the other guy .
Much more troubling and mysterious are public attitudes .
Wal - Mart was made successful because people like buying there .
They like the prices and convenience .
The public could bankrupt the company in a matter of weeks simply by failing to show up to make purchases .
People are free to do so .
That ’s the way the market works .
Maybe you hate Wal - Mart .
Fine .
Do n’t shop there .
What ’s so hard to understand about that ?
Why would the same people who enjoy the fruits of Wal - Mart ’s entrepreneurship also celebrate laws that harm the company ?
They believe that they can have their cake and eat it too .
There is a lack of economic understanding in operation here .
They have failed to understand that one of the reasons Wal - Mart can offer such good deals is that they are running an efficient enterprise .
But does it not come at the expense of the labor force ?
Of course all workers want raises in all forms , just as all consumers want products and services to be available at the lowest price .
These are conflicting demands .
At some point in the scale of wages and prices , the tradeoff between the two demands finds a clearing point .
What that point is cannot be worked out by a central planner .
It has to be discovered by the market .
The moral import of the market is its non-coercive core .
The workers who work at Wal - Mart would rather be doing that than any other activity that is open to them .
So too for the shoppers .
It is the matrix of exchange that has made Wal - Mart a success .
No one , unlike with government , has a gun pointed at his head .
Everyone is making a non-coerced choice in favor of exchanging as versus not exchanging .
Everyone benefits .
Does that seem elementary to you ?
Then you understand something that most sociologists , literary scholars , news commentators , preachers , and government officials apparently do not understand .
You understand that mutually beneficial exchange is the building block of civilization itself .
You probably also understand that this law is not going to be good for Maryland .
Fewer Wal - Marts will start up in that state than otherwise would .
A legal climate hostile to business will deter future businesses from locating there .
Some businesses may leave .
Also , a less competitive environment for business will mean higher prices and less consumer choice .
And why ?
So that Wal - Mart ’s competition can thrive on an inefficient business model .
This law , then , rewards waste and punishes efficiency .
Now , there is a further complication in this case .
A main complaint against Wal - Mart ’s wage policies is that its employees were draining too much from the state ’s Medicaid budget .
This is an interesting point .
Is it possible that Wal - Mart was , in effect , free riding off the taxpayers ?
Would it then be better just to roll those costs onto the back of the company itself ?
There is a superficial logic at work here , but it is the logic that leads to all - out business regimentation .
It is doubtful that in a truly free market business would normally provide any health benefits at all , any more than they provide you shoes , movie tickets , or scotch delivered to your door .
These are things that you buy on your own .
Medical benefits tied to employment originated as a scheme to get around government wage controls .
If the Medicaid free ride is a problem , there is a more direct solution .
Get rid of this program too .
What we need are Wal - Marts in the medical industry too , firms that provide great services at low prices .
But they wo n’t come about until we rid ourselves of the subsidies attached to public provision .
Meanwhile , the Incredible Stuff Machine will pay and pay for all the glorious things it has brought the world population , and the ignorant among us will clamor for the machine to be destroyed .
Then the only big companies will be those created , run , and subsidized by the government .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Erlang is a descendant of Prolog , intended for high - availability , high - performance applications .
David Chisnall explains why he likes it , despite Erlang 's occasional minor irritations .

Regular readers will know that I find most so - called " modern " programming languages to be somewhat underwhelming .
Occasionally , though , one comes along that provides a nice contrast .
One of these is Erlang .
Erlang was originally designed by Ericsson for high - availability , high - performance applications , such as telephone switchboards .
Since Ericsson ’s market is telecommunications , not programming languages , they released it as Free Software , including an extensive runtime library .
Improvements have been made by others , including the University of Uppsala , which contributed most of the High - Performance Erlang ( HiPE ) branch .
Being commercially supported Free Software is a good start .
The fact that Erlang has already been used in real - world projects of significant scale is another point in its favor .
This article is not intended as an in - depth tutorial on Erlang , but rather as a taste of what ’s possible with the language .
’ Scalable ’ Is the New ’ Fast ’
It used to be that if your code ran quite quickly , a year later you could run it twice as fast for the same amount of money .
These days , you ’re much less likely to get a chip that ’s twice as fast , but you may get one with twice as many cores .
If your code is highly parallel , you can just spread it out a bit more .
To provide some context , the machine I was using as my testbed for the last project I wrote in Erlang was a 64 - processor MIPS box , already several years old .
A pair of Sun T1 chips can have as many active contexts as this machine , and eight of them can have as many actually executing as this old machine — and doing it faster .
Within a few years , it seems likely that laptops will emerge with similar abilities to this old behemoth .
Two features of Erlang , both of which are built into the language , make it especially suited to writing scalable applications : process creation and message passing .
NOTE
Erlang processes are not the same as operating system processes ; they ’re much lighter - weight , and creating them is very cheap .
Erlang is interpreted on all platforms , but can be just - in - time compiled on x86 and SPARC .
In the worst case , algorithms implemented in Erlang run at about one - tenth the speed of their C counterparts .
Distributed algorithms can run faster .
Yet Another Web Server ( YAWS ) , written in Erlang , has been shown to be able to handle more concurrent connections than Apache on the same machine , and the ejabberd XMPP server is very well - regarded in the community .
This post originally appeared on the Inside AdWords blog
This post originally appeared on the Inside AdWords blog
Show your business locations across Google properties and networks
1 Internal Google data .
2 Google / Kantar TNS , Auto CB Gearshift Study , US , 2017 .
n=312 new car buyers who watched online video .
3 Google / Ipsos , US , November 2017 .
4 Internal Google data , U.S. , July–Dec. 2015 vs. July–Dec. 2017 .
5 Google / Ipsos , U.S. , “ Shopping Tracker , ” Online survey , n=3,613 online Americans 13 + who shopped in the past two days , Oct. –Dec. 2017 .
The ways people get things done are constantly changing , from finding the closest coffee shop to organizing family photos .
Earlier this year , we explored how machine learning is being used to improve our consumer products and help people get stuff done .
In just one hour , we ’ll share how we 're helping marketers unlock more opportunities for their businesses with our largest deployment of machine learning in ads .
We ’ll explore how this technology works in our products and why it ’s key to delivering the helpful and frictionless experiences consumers expect from brands .
Join us live today at 9 am PT ( 12 pm ET ) .
Consumers today are more curious , more demanding , and they expect to get things done faster because of mobile .
As a result , they expect your ads to be helpful and personalized .
Doing this is n’t easy , especially at scale .
That ’s why we ’re introducing Responsive search ads combine your creativity with the power of Google ’s machine learning to help you deliver relevant , valuable ads .
Simply provide up to 15 headlines and 4 description lines , and Google will do the rest .
By testing different combinations , Google learns which ad creative performs best for any search query .
So people searching for the same thing might see different ads based on context .
We know this kind of optimization works : on average , advertisers who use Google ’s machine learning to test multiple creative see up to 15 percent more clicks .
Responsive search ads will start rolling out to advertisers over the next several months .
People watch over 1 billion hours of video on YouTube every day .
And increasingly , they ’re tuning in for inspiration and information on purchases large and small .
For example , nearly 1 in 2 car buyers say they turn to YouTube for information before their purchase .
And nearly 1 in 2 millennials go there for food preparation tips before deciding what ingredients to buy .
That means it ’s critical your video ads show at the right moment to the right audience .
Machine learning helps us turn that attention into results on YouTube .
In the past , we ’ve helped you optimize campaigns for views and impressions .
Later this year , we ’re rolling outto help you reach people who are most likely to consider your brand after seeing a video ad .
This new Smart Bidding strategy is also powered by machine learning .
It automatically adjusts bids at auction time to maximize the impact your video ads have on brand perception throughout the consumer journey .
Maximize lift is available now as a beta and will roll out to advertisers globally later this year .
Whether they start their research on YouTube or Google , people still make the majority of their purchases in physical stores .
In fact , mobile searches for “ near me ” have grown over 3X in the past two years , and almost 80 percent of shoppers will go in store when there ’s an item they want immediately .
For many of you , that means driving foot traffic to your brick - and - mortar locations is critical — especially during key moments in the year , like in - store events or promotions .
Today we ’re introducing : a new campaign type designed to drive store visits exclusively .
Provide a few simple things — like your business locations and ad creative — and Google automatically optimizes your ads across properties to bring more customers into your store .
Local campaigns will roll out to advertisers globally over the coming months .
Earlier this year , we rolled out a new Shopping campaign type that optimizes performance based on your goals .
Thesehelp you hit your revenue goals without the need to manually manage and bid to individual products .
In the coming months , we ’re improving them toBeyond , you ’ll also be able to selectoras goals .
Machine learning factors in the likelihood that a click will result in any of these outcomes and helps adjust bids accordingly .
Machine learning is also used to optimize where your Shopping ads show — on Google.com , Image Search , YouTube and millions of sites and apps across the web — and which products are featured .
It takes into account a wide range of signals , like seasonal demand and pricing .
Brands like GittiGidiyor , an eBay company , are using Smart Shopping campaigns to simplify how they manage their ads and deliver better results .
GittiGidiyor was able to increase return on ad spend by 28 percent and drive 4 percent more sales , while saving time managing campaigns .
We ’re also adding support for leading e-commerce platforms to help simplify campaign management .
In the coming weeks , you ’ll be able to set up and manage Smart Shopping campaigns right from Shopify , in addition to Google Ads .
This is an important moment for marketers and we ’re excited to be on this journey with you .
Tune in at 9 am PT ( 12 pm ET ) today to see it all unfold at Google Marketing Live .
For the latest news , follow the new Google Ads blog .
And check out g.co/adsannouncements for more information about product updates and announcements .
Corrections Appended
Chicago
IN the debate on global warming , the data on the climate of Antarctica has been distorted , at different times , by both sides .
As a polar researcher caught in the middle , I ’d like to set the record straight .
In January 2002 , a research paper about Antarctic temperatures , of which I was the lead author , appeared in the journal Nature .
At the time , the Antarctic Peninsula was warming , and many people assumed that meant the climate on the entire continent was heating up , as the Arctic was .
But the Antarctic Peninsula represents only about 15 percent of the continent ’s land mass , so it could not tell the whole story of Antarctic climate .
Our paper made the continental picture more clear .
My research colleagues and I found that from 1986 to 2000 , one small , ice - free area of the Antarctic mainland had actually cooled .
Our report also analyzed temperatures for the mainland in such a way as to remove the influence of the peninsula warming and found that , from 1966 to 2000 , more of the continent had cooled than had warmed .
Our summary statement pointed out how the cooling trend posed challenges to models of Antarctic climate and ecosystem change .
Newspaper and television reports focused on this part of the paper .
And many news and opinion writers linked our study with another bit of polar research published that month , in Science , showing that part of Antarctica ’s ice sheet had been thickening — and erroneously concluded that the earth was not warming at all .
“ Scientific findings run counter to theory of global warming , ” said a headline on an editorial in The San Diego Union - Tribune .
One conservative commentator wrote , “ It ’s ironic that two studies suggesting that a new Ice Age may be under way may end the global warming debate . ”
Lloyds TSB will launch a home finance product which is compliant with sharia law today , a month after introducing an Islamic current account .
The facility - an alternative to a traditional mortgage - conforms with Islamic law , which forbids both the payment and receipt of interest .
Rather than lending money to a customer to buy a property , the bank buys a home for the customer , who then pays the purchase price in monthly instalments .
As the bank is the legal owner of the home , the customer also pays a monthly rent , which decreases as the customer buys the bank 's share of the property .
Eventually the customer buys out the bank , at which point ownership is transferred .
Mark Austin , of the bank 's Islamic financial services division , claimed that the new facility will do away with the dilemma of having to go against one 's faith or avoid a mortgage altogether .
" Our research tells us that three quarters of the country 's Muslims want banking services that meet the needs of their religion , and this new home finance product should help bring a new generation of homeowners onto the property ladder , " Mr Austin said .
Islamic mortgages have tended to cost more than standard ones , and have traditionally demanded a 30 % deposit .
However , competition has recently increased - with facilities now offered by institutions such as independent financial adviser Destini , and HSBC's Amanah Finance division .
That competition has driven the required deposit lower - with both Amanah and now Lloyds TSB providing up to 90 % of the purchase price .
Although the market is still relatively limited , mainstream banks have finally begun to wake up to the potential in offering sharia - based products to Britain 's 1.8 million Muslims .
Back in 2002 a report by market analyst Datamonitor estimated that sharia - compliant mortgages would be worth £ 4.5 bn by next year .
Amanah also offers a pension fund which excludes shares in companies dealing in areas such as alcohol , gambling , pornography , pork products , tobacco or conventional financial services .
Lloyds TSB - which has consulted a board of Islamic scholars - will pilot the scheme at the five branches in London , Luton and Birmingham which have offered a sharia - compliant current account since last month .
OK – following on from here and a later comment from Tim ( and in fact more this rant from Jonas Maurus ) ;
How about somebody sends me some good pro-PHP rants ?
So here ’s some pro-PHP ranting …
It ’s the execution model
Focused on PHP as an Apache module the two big things are it works and it ’s scalable .
More to the point no one really has an execution model to compare with it , except perhaps Microsoft with ASP 3.0 , which they ’ve since abandoned .
Before you fly off the handle , think about this one .
Tried to explain the basics a long time ago here – the important thing to take from that ( compared to mod_perl / mod_python / mod_ * or even “ X ” application server . ) is the interpreter returning to a fresh state after every request ( no globals hanging around or otherwise ) .
PHP really is shared nothing .
You want scaling ?
Try here .
Meanwhile , in these days of long tail enthusiasm , other than PHP , you do n’t get to hear much about when stuff sucks .
Put specifically , do n’t bring me your FastCGI unless you ’re providing free SMS to go with it , so I can alert myself when it goes down .
There are smallish sites I own / run , built on PHP , which I do n’t look at for months but are still , magically , running next time I go there – be it impression or not , PHP just keeps on running – restart Apache or reboot and it ’s back without sysadmin effort .
Being a little more specific , the execution model PHP gets most testing under is mod_php and CGI , where there ’s no “ long running scripts ” and no need for threads .
PHP is optimized to that environment .
By contrast Perl , Python and Ruby are general purpose languages and optimized to different requirements .
The web is just another platform they support , compared to PHP where the web is the primary platform .
The can be expressed in terms of configuration settings like max_input_time and post_max_size – with PHP these problems have had someone thinking about them .
Excellent database support
Lets start with the usual nag here – that PHP does n’t have a common API for database abstraction .
Well that ’s always been bogus anyway – SQL itself is rarely portable and writing an application against a specific database requires specific work , so that you ’re API happens to be the same as that for some other database is largely irrelevant .
That said a common API does make the learning curve easier if you start another project with another DB but PHP ’s first priority is to expose “ vendor specific ” features , like pg_send_query or mysql_unbuffered_query .
Put another way , most of PHP ’s DB APIs have a one to one relationship with the vendors client API and the benefit there is you do n’t lose features or have to fight for them .
That ’s not to say you ca n’t have your DB abstraction cake in PHP – the one I trust most is ADOdb – a native PHP implementation ( side note – Python devs may be interested to know John also maintains a Python version of ADOdb ) .
There ’s also PDO which is getting there and ( I ’d argue ) something that parallels Perl ’s DBI .
Should also point out PEAR :: DB , PEAR : : MDB2 and Creole .
And do n’t get me started on ORM …
What does n’t get said is PHP may now have the best ( as in most stable and feature complete ) across the board db support of any of Perl , Python and Ruby , which , seen from one point of view , makes sense given the number of PHP users .
That PHP ’s DB support is better than Python ’s or Ruby ’s that ’s probably no news but compared to Perl , was recently surprised to discover that DBI lacks support for Oracle collections , which PHP has .
Perhaps that ’s just a freak but perhaps not – anyone with experiences to share there ?
PHP Arrays
Now the computer scientists typically hate PHP ’s arrays , which are both indexed and hashed .
Reality is they are not only easy for beginners to get in to , they ’re very handy for the web problem ( e.g. good fit to ad - hoc XML ) and for simple iteration , it ’s nice that hashes and indexed arrays unified by common syntax and behaviour .
Sure they do n’t support everything a computer scientist might want , such as ( Python ) ;
points = {} points [ ( 1,2 ) ] = 2 points [ ( 2,4 ) ] = 4
… but on the web , who cares ?
You ’d hardly ever need something like that and where you do , JPGraph makes life easy enough .
Meanwhile performance turns out to be not bad by comparison .
BTW , if you want computer science and PHP , take a look at ( current favorite bizarre PHP project ) J4P5 ( a Javascript intepreter written in PHP ) .
Can come up with endless projects of that nature if you ’re interested .
More generally , there ’s a virtual web ring ( how 90’s ) of PHP hate which starts from here .
90 % of the criticism you ’ll find there is simply irrelevant ( one day I ’m going to do this in detail , if I can be bothered ) – these are either not problems for web development or disappear with PHP ’s ( rollercoaster ) learning curve ( e.g. the endless functions in global namespace is irrelevant if you ’re writing classes ) .
One day I may also do my own take on why PHP sucks ( in the sense of Bjarne Stroustrup and : “ There are only two kinds of languages : the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses ” ) which I ’d expect to be a very different story .
Today you ’ll have to excuse me for focusing only on the good things .
The SPL Extension
Following on from arrays , this is a big reason to use PHP5 if you ’re a programmer .
It makes a number of classes of web related problem ridiculously easy to solve and gives you syntactic joy should you want it .
Some further reading here , here , here , here and here .
PHP 5(.1 ) XML Support
One for Tim – XML support in PHP 5 (.1 ) is excellent , thanks to libxml2 .
And it ’s not just that the core parser is good , it ’s that you ’ve got multiple APIs in PHP to it , namely SAX and it ’s faster “ invert ” XML pull reader , SimpleXML and DOM , as well as the supporting cast of XSLT etc .
Of course Python , Perl , Ruby etc. also have libxml2 wrappers but this is still a PHP strength , plus libxml2 has become the core of PHP ’s XML capabilities , rather than another alternative .
The stuff that says it works … works
Programmers have obsessions with building better cages for themselves , for the sake of a particular paradigm they believe in .
Nothing wrong with that but the road to get there is littered with stuff that was broken or partially complete .
For the stuff you need for the web , PHP is already there .
That ’s not to say there is n’t a bunch of unstable code in PHP – just the stuff you ’re typically going to use works .
Put another way , PHP has become predictable , at least for me and anyone willing to travel the learning curve .
That means if I need to give projects estimates , for example , I know when I can keep to them .
I ’ve also found it easy to teach to others – takes about a week to get a programmer able to churn out useful PHP if I can work directly with them .
I ’d rather trade a ( slightly more ) verbose syntax and delivering on time against 15 minutes syntactic glory , followed by 10 hours bug hunting and another 15 hours workaround .
Luckily not everyone thinks this way or progress would have halted .
Unicode and ICU
Having talking about stuff PHP already has , it ’s worth being aware that PHP6 is using ICU as part of it ’s “ core ” – see here , here and here .
PHP6 already “ exists ” under CVS and if it ’s resticted to the Unicode changes only , it ’s less of a step up than PHP5 and may be here sooner rather than later .
You might then be able to argue PHP has better Unicode support than Perl and Python .
Stuck in Little boxes
This is bordering on holy war , which I do n’t want .
Recently language bickering has been back “ in ” , and if you take it seriously you might believe Perl , Python and PHP are all dead and there is only Ruby .
To me that ’s simply Ruby ( rightly ) jostling for a space alongside the others and it ’s best put in perspective here .
Being happy in Perl , Python and PHP these days , watching people cry “ This rox , everything else sux ” borders between amusing and frustrating .
Syntax is only one part of the story .
Libraries is , to me , the bigger part – what use is great syntax if you ca n’t do anything with it or need to spend time re-inventing wheels ?
For example Perl is like comfortable slippers on the command line – take me away from Getopt : : Long and POD :: Usage and get screaming .
Little things which matter .
And have found Perl capable of pushing big blocks of data around a DB at speeds comparable to SQL * Loader .
Meanwhile have used wxPython in earnest once ( book due soon ! ) – none of the other dynamic languages can compare to it – yes there ’s wxPerl , wxRuby ( ** cough ** wxHaskell ) and even wxPHP but they ’re not mature by comparison – check out Activegrid ’s IDE download under “ / src/ python/wxPythonDemos/ide ” – these days we can all write our own IDEs …
And Python has the dirty secret of excellent Windows support .
If I had time to burn I ’d love to take this shell namespace extension demo and the Python libssh2 wrapper and do a GMail drive for scp .
The point is people leap on a language then claim , because it does one thing well , it ’s the only tool for everything .
It ’s really a shame time is being spent on wxRuby / wxPerl or otherwise , given that wxPython is already there .
It ’s far more of a shame that we ’ve invented endless template engines for the web – not just the wasted development time – also the wasted user time in identifying and learning to use them ( this stuff drives them to Microsoft ) .
And it ’s not just the re-invention – it ’s that we not even really sharing ideas or seeing them spread – Jeff nailed templates a long time ago but today you ’ll find Ruby developers discussing the pros and cons of curly brackets vs. attribute for templates .
Specific to PHP , if you accept there are some things it actually does well , in particular the execution model , it then becomes more a question of how to get the best out of all worlds .
In my view ( based on what I ’m happy with ) that ’s Perl at your backend for sysadmin , moving data around etc. , Python helping users publish their MS Office stuff and PHP serving it to the world .
Along that lines been looking at Fuse and it ’s Python and Perl bindings .
Have a very specific interest right now which I guess will tell me how stable this stuff is but , all being well , think there ’s potential here for hooking up PHP with Perl and Python , via the filesystem , perhaps in conjunction with libxml2 .
In short : PHP ’s Schwarz is bigger !
Chris never really questioned his choice of university .
Sure , the school was n't at the top of the Best Universities list , but really , how many are ?
Well , technically , it was n't even on the Best Universities list , but then again , it was n't on the Worst Universities list , either .
And not just because that list does n't exist .
The school was accredited after all ; how bad could it be ?
Chris did n't have any problems with the introductory courses .
How could he ?
They had Princeton - quality lecture notes !
Really , they did : googling the text in the PowerPoint lecture notes yielded an identical presentation ( name and course number changed ) from a Princeton professor .
Sure , the book would sometimes conflict with the lecture notes ( especially when they referred to non-existent page numbers ) , but really , who reads the book ?
It was n't until Chris took the Data Structures course that he started to question the quality of his university .
The choice of Visual Basic 6 as the course language seemed awfully strange , especially considering that Data Structure courses generally introduce the concept of pointers and pointer - usage in creating stacks , lists , queues , etc .
No matter , the professor still was able to teach all the standard structures , including the Sorted List :
Not too bad .
Not quite Princeton - quality , but still appropriate .
And how might we implement such a list in Visual Basic 6 ?
With the ListBox UI Control , that 's how ...
Maybe Chris should have looked at that Best Universities list after all ...
5 Things My Old Nintendo Taught Me
If you enjoy this post , make sure you subscribe to Be A Good Dad to receive new posts in your email or feed reader
I played a lot of games on the original Nintendo growing up .
I still remember being dazzled when the Playstation came out years later , but never really enjoyed any of the games as much as I enjoyed that old Nintendo .
A lot of parents do n’t like video games but there are some positive things that kids can learn from them .
Here are some of the things I learned from my old Nintendo .
Practice makes perfect .
Running through mazes and scrolling platforms takes practice .
Lots and lots of practice .
If you can try to figure out how to get through a level of Mario Bros .
for eight hours straight , you ’ll probably be able to remember trig functions if you practice them a few times .
If practice does n’t work , read a book .
After spending hours trying to figure out how to find the next sword in the Legend of Zelda , sometimes you just have to break out the reference materials .
If you can swallow your pride and read the reference materials for Zelda , imagine how much easier researching the origins of democracy in America is going to be .
Quick note : the answers will probably be in a different piece of reference material than you used for Zelda .
Get creative .
When you are trapped by a bad guy and you do n’t have a weapon , try jumping on his head .
Who would see that coming ?
When you are trying to get into a building and the key does n’t work , maybe you should try the flute , boomerang , whistle , or penguin that you are carrying in your backpack .
Learning to think outside your normal paradigms is good for strengthening creative thinking .
Sometimes simpler is better .
When you play football outside , how many colors do you see .
Do n’t bother looking that up , it is a very large number .
The new XBox 360 can display a large number of those colors all at one time on the screen .
The old Nintendo could display about 25 colors at a time .
The spectacle of the new games is fascinating to watch , but it does not come anywhere near the fun of watching Bo Jackson break another 90 yard touchdown to win the game in overtime .
Or watching the fat hockey player squash your skinny hockey player only to watch your other skinny guy steal the puck and break away for an easy goal .
Girls can be cool too .
Long before Lara Croft started bouncing across computer screens , a hero wandered the crazy world of Metroid in a full body space suit and helmet .
He flipped and killed with impunity .
Nothing stood in his way .
Then you got to the end of the game and he took his helmet off to show his long hair .
Wait a second .
He ’s a she .
Cool .
It made you think twice before making fun of girls at school .
You never knew which one was about to kick your butt .
Update :
This is wildly off topic , but with so many people reading this indivdual post , I figured I ’ll mention it anyway .
I ’m going to be hosting the Carnival of Family Life this week .
If you are interested in submitting a post from your blog in the carnival or interested in learning how a blog carnival works , please go here for more information .
If you are not interested in contributing , please stop by on Monday to read the entries anyway .
Thanks .
IN PRESIDENT BUSH’S first term , some of the most important decisions about U.S. national security -- including vital decisions about postwar Iraq -- were made by a secretive , little - known cabal .
It was made up of a very small group of people led by Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
When I first discussed this group in a speech last week at the New American Foundation in Washington , my comments caused a significant stir because I had been chief of staff to then - Secretary of State Colin Powell between 2002 and 2005 .
But it ’s absolutely true .
I believe that the decisions of this cabal were sometimes made with the full and witting support of the president and sometimes with something less .
More often than not , then - national security advisor Condoleezza Rice was simply steamrolled by this cabal .
Its insular and secret workings were efficient and swift -- not unlike the decision - making one would associate more with a dictatorship than a democracy .
This furtive process was camouflaged neatly by the dysfunction and inefficiency of the formal decision - making process , where decisions , if they were reached at all , had to wend their way through the bureaucracy , with its dissenters , obstructionists and “ guardians of the turf . ”
Advertisement
But the secret process was ultimately a failure .
It produced a series of disastrous decisions and virtually ensured that the agencies charged with implementing them would not or could not execute them well .
I watched these dual decision - making processes operate for four years at the State Department .
As chief of staff for 27 months , I had a door adjoining the secretary of State ’s office .
I read virtually every document he read .
I read the intelligence briefings and spoke daily with people from all across government .
I knew that what I was observing was not what Congress intended when it passed the 1947 National Security Act .
The law created the National Security Council -- consisting of the president , vice president and the secretaries of State and Defense -- to make sure the nation ’s vital national security decisions were thoroughly vetted .
The NSC has often been expanded , depending on the president in office , to include the CIA director , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , the Treasury secretary and others , and it has accumulated a staff of sometimes more than 100 people .
But many of the most crucial decisions from 2001 to 2005 were not made within the traditional NSC process .
Advertisement
Scholars and knowledgeable critics of the U.S. decision - making process may rightly say , so what ?
Have n’t all of our presidents in the last half - century failed to conform to the usual process at one time or another ?
Is n’t it the president ’s prerogative to make decisions with whomever he pleases ?
Moreover , can he not ignore whomever he pleases ?
Why should we care that President Bush gave over much of the critical decision - making to his vice president and his secretary of Defense ?
Both as a former academic and as a person who has been in the ring with the bull , I believe that there are two reasons we should care .
First , such departures from the process have in the past led us into a host of disasters , including the last years of the Vietnam War , the national embarrassment of Watergate ( and the first resignation of a president in our history ) , the Iran - Contra scandal and now the ruinous foreign policy of George W. Bush .
But a second and far more important reason is that the nature of both governance and crisis has changed in the modern age .
From managing the environment to securing sufficient energy resources , from dealing with trafficking in human beings to performing peacekeeping missions abroad , governing is vastly more complicated than ever before in human history .
Advertisement
Further , the crises the U.S. government confronts today are so multifaceted , so complex , so fast - breaking -- and almost always with such incredible potential for regional and global ripple effects -- that to depart from the systematic decision - making process laid out in the 1947 statute invites disaster .
Discounting the professional experience available within the federal bureaucracy -- and ignoring entirely the inevitable but often frustrating dissent that often arises therein -- makes for quick and painless decisions .
But when government agencies are confronted with decisions in which they did not participate and with which they frequently disagree , their implementation of those decisions is fractured , uncoordinated and inefficient .
This is particularly the case if the bureaucracies called upon to execute the decisions are in strong competition with one another over scarce money , talented people , “ turf ” or power .
It takes firm leadership to preside over the bureaucracy .
But it also takes a willingness to listen to dissenting opinions .
It requires leaders who can analyze , synthesize , ponder and decide .
The administration ’s performance during its first four years would have been even worse without Powell ’s damage control .
At least once a week , it seemed , Powell trooped over to the Oval Office and cleaned all the dog poop off the carpet .
He held a youthful , inexperienced president ’s hand .
He told him everything would be all right because he , the secretary of State , would fix it .
And he did -- everything from a serious crisis with China when a U.S. reconnaissance aircraft was struck by a Chinese F - 8 fighter jet in April 2001 , to the secretary ’s constant reassurances to European leaders following the bitter breach in relations over the Iraq war .
It was n’t enough , of course , but it helped .
Advertisement
Today , we have a president whose approval rating is 38 % and a vice president who speaks only to Rush Limbaugh and assembled military forces .
We have a secretary of Defense presiding over the death - by - a - thousand - cuts of our overstretched armed forces ( no surprise to ignored dissenters such as former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki or former Army Secretary Thomas White ) .
It ’s a disaster .
Given the choice , I ’d choose a frustrating bureaucracy over an efficient cabal every time .
Ringed with barbed - wire fences and hidden among the leafy vines , it was — with apologies to the shadowy outposts lurking in the countryside around Washington , D.C. — the ultimate “ undisclosed location . ”
Except that with the end of the cold war , the secrets of this government bunker began leaking out .
In the mid-1990s , the chancellor , Helmut Kohl , came under fire after his ministers requested more than $ 100 million to upgrade the complex with new furniture , fire - protection equipment and communications technology .
The government had already decided to move the capital to Berlin from Bonn , and opposition leaders in Parliament cried foul .
Just maintaining the bunker cost $ 14 million a year and required the work of 180 employees .
Unable to defend its expensive dinosaur , the government decided in 1997 to abandon the complex .
Image A tunnel .
Credit ... Marcus Gloger for The New York Times
Its first move was to solicit proposals from the private sector for other potential uses .
The ideas — an amusement park , a restaurant , a disco , or a cultivation center for mushrooms — seemed fanciful .
So the government decided on Plan B : strip out the contents of the tunnels and seal them forever , returning the site to as close to a natural state as possible .
Mr. Mausbach began that work in 2001 but halted it for a few weeks after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in the United States , while the government deliberated whether the bunker might have a use after all .
“ They concluded that a big bunker was not suited to this new kind of terror , ” he said .
Public curiosity about the bunker lingered , however , and Mr. Mausbach said he wanted to find a way to preserve at least part of it for posterity .
Restoring the entire complex would have been impossibly expensive , so he hit upon the idea of restoring a small portion of it .
Darfur : A Short History of a Long War by Julie Flint and Alex de Waal London : Zed Books , 176 pp. , £ 12.00 ( to be published in the US in March ) Darfur : The Ambiguous Genocide by Gérard Prunier Cornell University Press , 212 pp. , $ 24.00
The same paralysis occurred as Rwandans were being slaughtered in 1994 .
Officials from Europe to the US to the UN headquarters all responded by temporizing and then , at most , by holding meetings .
The only thing President Clinton did for Rwandan genocide victims was issue a magnificent apology after they were dead .
Much the same has been true of the Western response to the Armenian genocide of 1915 , the Cambodian genocide of the 1970s , and the Bosnian massacres of the 1990s .
In each case , we have wrung our hands afterward and offered the lame excuse that it all happened too fast , or that we did n’t fully comprehend the carnage when it was still under way .
And now the same tragedy is unfolding in Darfur , but this time we do n’t even have any sort of excuse .
In Darfur genocide is taking place in slow motion , and there is vast documentary proof of the atrocities .
Some of the evidence can be seen in the photo reproduced with this essay , which was leaked from an African Union archive containing thousands of other such photos .
And now , the latest proof comes in the form of two new books that tell the sorry tale of Darfur : it ’s appalling that the publishing industry manages to respond more quickly to genocide than the UN and world leaders do .
In my years as a journalist , I thought I had seen a full kaleidoscope of horrors , from babies dying of malaria to Chinese troops shooting students to Indonesian mobs beheading people .
But nothing prepared me for Darfur , where systematic murder , rape , and mutilation are taking place on a vast scale , based simply on the tribe of the victim .
What I saw reminded me why people say that genocide is the worst evil of which human beings are capable .
On one of the first of my five visits to Darfur , I came across an oasis along the Chad border where several tens of thousands of people were sheltering under trees after being driven from their home villages by the Arab Janjaweed militia , which has been supported by the Sudan government in Khartoum .
Under the first tree , I found a man who had been shot in the neck and the jaw ; his brother , shot only in the foot , had carried him for forty - nine days to get to this oasis .
Under the next tree was a widow whose parents had been killed and stuffed in the village well to poison the local water supply ; then the Janjaweed had tracked down the rest of her family and killed her husband .
Under the third tree was a four - year - old orphan girl carrying her one - year - old baby sister on her back ; their parents had been killed .
Under the fourth tree was a woman whose husband and children had been killed in front of her , and then she was gang - raped and left naked and mutilated in the desert .
Those were the people I met under just four adjacent trees .
And in every direction , as far as I could see , …
Muddled .
Our release was muddled .
I was sitting at my desk talking to a white stone polar bear and trying to form an opinion about the release .
The execs were going to ask .
Soon .
“ Well , QA is freaked out , but QA is always freaked out , so I ’ll call that a wash .
The UI guys wanted to get the bits out there so we can see what the users think and they do n’t have any high priority bugs , so I ’ll call that a good sign .
The server guys are strangely quiet , but they never say much and they do n’t have any bad bugs , either .
That should be a good sign , but then why do I have this itch in the back of my brain that says I ’m screwed , Mr. Polar Bear ? ”
The polar bear said nothing , but Frank did .
Frank ran the UI group and Frank was tripping over himself happy with the release because his team had n’t slept in a month and he knew the customers would love their work .
In the absence of information , I jumped on the Frank train , ignored the itch in the back of my head , and turned into a True Believer .
THIS IS GOING TO BE A GREAT RELEASE PEOPLE .
Two weeks of me singing the praises of the forthcoming release .
Dancing in the hallways , getting the troops fired up , planning the launch party .
Good times .
Gooooood times .
I was n’t sweating it when the execs called me into the boardroom to give my release recommendation .
We were ready .
Frank said so and I believed Frank .
Execs : “ Rands , your release recommendation ? ”
Rands : “ Ship it baby !
Then ship the team to Vegas where we are going TO PARTAAA … wait , what is Phil doing here ? ”
Phil was the server guy .
Actually , he was THE server guy .
Everyone else followed Phil ’s lead because he was our Free Electron .
Phil was a quiet guy who I liked , he had no political or managerial aspirations ; he was just the most productive engineer I ’d ever met .
This made his presence in the boardroom … disturbing .
I did n’t even know he knew where the board room was .
Execs : “ Rands , Phil has brought the following graph .
It shows how our performance degrades as the number of connections to the server increases .
Looking at this graph , how many concurrent users do you think we can support with the release ? ”
Fuck .
Rands : “ Ummmm … looks like about 50 ? ”
Execs : “ And what you would you expect average load to be ? ”
Rands : “ Uuuuuuuuuuuuh … Phil ? ”
Phil : “ 200 . ”
Rands : “ 200 . ”
The release was no longer muddled and I was screwed .
Defining Spin
Ideally , Truth is an easy term to define .
Truth is fact .
Fact is provable data that you can count on .
The sky is blue .
Up is not down .
1+1 = 2 .
This is the part of the article where I ask all philosophy majors to take a Xanax and chill out .
Yeah , I know truth is in the eye of the beholder and the sky is n’t really blue , but go with it for now .
Traditionally , the opposite of Truth is Spin.
Spin is a pejorative term that comes out of Public Relations land .
Spin is the deliberate selection of facts constructed to prove a specific point .
For example , if there was a presidential debate where one of the candidates magically transformed into a blue whale in the middle of the debate , there would be someone from the blue whale ’s camp on camera , after the debate , explaining the many benefits to America of being lead by a blue whale .
They ’d point out , “ Are you aware of the average brain size of a blue whale ?
What do you think they ’re doing with all that grey matter ?
Can you name a single war involving a blue whale ? ”
While the rest of us would be giggling , someone , somewhere would think , “ Yeah , I really want a blue whale as President … we could really use a bigger pool in the White House ” .
Spin has a bad rap .
I know you once sat through a sales call with a bunch of sales guys who were pitching your product and you had absolutely no idea what the hell they were talking about .
But Spin can be used for good , and I want to reclaim the word .
Go ahead ; say it out loud right now … “ Spin ” .
I love its onomatopoeic simplicity and , by the way , you Spin all the time .
Understanding Spin
Go fire up your mail program and find your last status report .
How is it constructed ?
Probably a series of bullet points around “ Things I did last week ” , “ Things I ’m doing next week ” , and “ Things I ’m worried about ” .
Does it represent everything you did in the last week ?
I ’m not suggesting that you did n’t work , but is that all you did ?
Probably not , so what did you document in your status report ?
You document the stuff you were asked to document and you document stuff you just want to tell people about .
A status report is your Spin on the last week .
It demonstrates how you carefully select facts from the week to portray a specific version of the truth .
Are you lying because you include fact # 1 , but not fact # 2 ?
Maybe , but we ’ll get there in a moment .
Status reports are a good test case for Spin .
They ’re constructed in a specific way for a specific audience .
Namely , managers .
The managers ’ requirement for status reports is a maximum amount of data with minimum amount of investment .
This is why they ask for status reports in a specific brief format .
Employees look at these minimalist requirements as evidence that this is busy work .
“ How in the world can he discern what I ’m doing in 12 bullet points ? ”
Well , he ca n’t if you do n’t do it well .
Your goal with your Spin is to make it simple , pure , and digestible .
A status report is not where you explain the pros and cons of switching from programming language A to programming language B , it ’s were you plant the seed of that idea :
“ If we moved to Ruby on Rails , our productivity might double ” .
A piece of good Spin moves easily from person to person with as little data loss as possible .
“ Did you hear Rudy thinks using Ruby on Rails might double our productivity ? ”
Unfortunately , well - constructed Spin can be used for evil .
When you really spin an idea , it can become easy to believe the simple Spin rather than the complex idea behind it .
See , Spin is merely pointing you in a direction ; it ’s not direction itself .
Spin-doctors , those guys and gals managing political campaigns , know this .
They know that in the absence of information , Spin wins because it ’s painfully easy to understand .
They know how to turn a simple phrase into the perception of a campaign strategy :
“ We ’re not going to cut and run . ”
“ He ’s the people ’s governor . ”
“ We ’re renewing the promise of California . ”
So , what ’s the difference between these three bullet points and your status report ?
Well , how about your status report is intended to actually mean something ?
This leads us to our next point .
Spin not Sin
What does renewing the promise of California mean ?
What is the promise and how are we going to renew it ?
The problem here is not that it ’s a vanilla , useless statement , the problem is that a lot of folks are n’t going to take the time to figure out what the Spin means .
Fact is , there ’s a whole page of detail about what the California Governor has to say about Renewing the Promise of California , but most folks are just going to register the spin “ Renewing the Promise of California = Good ” and that ’s it .
I ca n’t help it that folks are lazy or just too busy to think for themselves , but I can tell you that Spin is art .
The ability to elegantly construct complex ideas inside a few simple words is incredibly hard and those who have the ability to do it are to be admired because they are trying to make the world an understandable place .
As with any skill , there are those who sin with their Spin .
They design catchy phrases that stick to anything , but mean nothing .
They purposely select or omit facts to construct a delectable lie .
I ca n’t think of good way to quantify Spin other than to say the truth is in the intent .
If the person creating Spin believes their simplicity synthesis creates a sincere , factual message then I say trust them .
Regarding the Itch
Back to my muddled release .
Why did I ignore the itch and create Spin based on the enthusiasm of Frank the UI guy ?
Simple .
I wanted to believe .
Incidentally , this is why you do n’t trust car salesmen , but you still listen to what they say .
This is why reading bullet points from a presentation is bad and this is why taking Spin at face value is stupid .
Brief , high - energy ideas taste great , but if you want a meal , try the details .
They ’re outstanding and they ’re real .
If you think for a moment that I was pissed at Phil , you have n’t been reading the weblog long .
Phil , as a Free Electron , determined that the freight train that was our release was in the hands of a madman , namely me .
My focused enthusiasm had built up enough Spin that he correctly assessed that the best way to make an adjustment was not convincing me , but the execs .
He knew our server did n’t scale and he knew the most efficient way to broadcast that fact was via spinning the executive team .
Phil carefully constructed a graph that zeroed in on the core issue .
He walked into the boardroom , put the graph on the big screen , and everyone nodded .
They were spun .
The graph was n’t the entire story regarding the release , but Phil deliberately picked the best fact to illustrate the story .
Simple , sincere , and elegant Spin .
There is still a war going on
The mediocre mistrust the exceptional man because they dont understand him , and they fear him because he can do things beyond their comprehension .
As far as human memory is concerned , this circumstance has led to bloody conflicts —
Christ was neither the first nor the last excentric to be crucified .
The 20th century has created new battlefields for this old conflict in the form of the high - technology industries ; there , the battles are between the managers / beancounters on the one hand , and the scientists / technologists on the other .
As a service to my younger readers I point out that these battles are fierce and that no quarter is given .
We regularly have to be reminded of these battles because the scientists have a tendency to lose them : firstly , they are a minority , and secondly , their primary interest is their science and not these battles , this in contrast to the manager , who considers this battle his main challenge .
The battle - cries of the managers are absolutely standard , they have not changed since WWII .
The scientist is attacked as individual — unruly , rugged individualists being much harder to control than committees — by organizational insistence on teamwork .
The scientist is attacked in his professional competence by organizational insistence on interdisciplinary research .
Finally , the scientists right of existence is denied by the postulate that there is nothing really left to be discovered .
[ We hear all these slogans now , but they are carefully described in [ 0 ] d.d. 1956 ]
It seems that , these days , the managers are winning the battle : even high - technology companies are now shedding their scientists and engineers at a high rate .
[ I had already decided to write this note when I found in the International Herald Tribune ( no. 34,429 d.d. 1993.11.08 , p 13 ) in an article about the current internal organization of the Matsushita company :  Marketing and sales people have won out over the engineering / production side ,  Mr. Goto said . ]
You can ask how these managers now intend to run their business , but the answer is quite simple : more like trading companies and some sort of financial institutions , these at least being activities the managers think they understand .
An unpleasant complication is that the world of finance is so disreputable and that a whole bunch of new euphemisms has to be introduced to cover up this new layer of dishonesty .
For instance , there is no such thing as making money : some people succeed in transferring money out of the pockets of others into their own .
A number of years ago , the institutions that try to become rich by speculating at someone elses expense — in Western Civilization known as a  bank — needed a new euphemism to cover their activities and they started to refer to themselves as  the financial industry  .
Lately , they have started to refer to their more elaborate extortion schemes as " ( sophisticated ) banking products !
Industries are expected to produce something , arent they ?
All this is particularly grievous for the computing scientist .
For 40 years , the computer industry has completely ignored the findings of computer science , and , now the computer industry is in trouble , its management gives the blame to the computer science community !
We failed to do the relevant research , failed to train the work force that would solve industrys problem , etc. .
But the managers themselves are , of course , a major part of the problem , something I was relatively slow to discover .
Decades ago I realized ( in Europe ) that we should not confuse the intrinsic difficulties of automatic computing with the problems engendered by the shortcomings of the US educational system .
Too many US Colleges of Education have operated on the principle that it is more important that their students learn to teach than that they master the material to be taught , an underestimation of the significance of the intellectual contents of proper teaching that has , for instance , led to a general abhorrence of mathematics ( and the corresponding incompetence ) that must be seen to be believed .
( Needless to say , in the century in which the widespread availability of programmable computers has made familiarity with formal techniques more rewarding than ever , this progressive demathematization of the USA is a particularly tragic development for that country . )
Later I learned that we should neither confuse the intrinsic difficulties of automatic computing with the problems generated in industry by the prevailing managerial preconceptions .
Analogous to the Colleges of Education , too many of the Schools of Business Administration operate on the principle that it is more important their students learn how to manage than that they acquire any understanding of the process to be managed .
Consequently , software managers who have not the foggiest notion of what programming is all about , are only too common .
To compound the problem , many managers still strive for the traditional goal of making ( in the name of stability ) the company as independent as possible of particular abilities of its employees — even if this seems hard to defend in any high technology industry ; they tend to attract incompetent programmers as they would not know how to employ competent ones .
( A recent CS graduate got her first job , started in earnest on a Monday morning and was given her first programming assignment .
She took pencil and paper and started to analyse the problem , thereby horrifying her manager 1 ½ hours later because  she was not programming yet .
She told him she had been taught to think first .
Grudgingly the manager gave her thinking permission for two days , warning her that on Wednesday she would have to work at her keyboard like the others  !
I am not making this up . )
And also the programming manager has found the euphemism with which to lend an air of respectability to what he does :  software engineering  .
When the term was coined in 1968 by F.L. Bauer of the Technological University of Munich , I welcomed it .
I was at the time at the Department of Mathematics at the Eindhoven University of Technology , our departments graduates earned the academic title of  Mathematical Engineer , and I interpreted the introduction of the term  software engineering  as an apt reflection of the fact that the design of software systems was an activity par excellence for the mathematical engineer .
But that interpretation of the term did not sail well .
As soon the term arrived in the USA , it was relieved of all its technical content .
It had to be so for in its original meaning it was totally unacceptable : firstly , mathematics ( and certainly formal mathematics ) was widely considered impractical and irrelevant , secondly , the public at large had been brainwashed by IBM .
( 1968 was also the year of the IBM ad in Datamation , showing in full colour a smiling Susie Mayer , who had solved all her programming problems by switching to PL / I !)
The dilution was further eased by the fact that the Anglo - Saxon engineer  is more vocational , is closer to the technician and is of much lower intellectual ( and social ) status than his Continental counterpart .
( I did some probing on how university departments are ranked in the USA ; my impression is Education and Business Administration at the bottom , with Engineering as a close third . )
In the mean time , software engineering has become an almost empty term , as was nicely demonstrated by Data General who overnight promoted all its programmers to the exalted rank of  software engineer !
But for the managing community it was a godsend which now covers a brew of management , budgeting , sales , advertising and other forms of applied psychology .
Ours is the task to remember ( and to remind ) that , in what is now called  software engineering , not a single sound engineering principle is involved .
( On the contrary : its spokesmen take the trouble of arguing the irrelevance of the engineering principles known . )
Software Engineering as it is today is just humbug ; from an academic — i.e. scientific and educational — point of view it is a sham , a fraud .
Universities are always faced with something of a problem when there is a marked discrepancy between what society asks for and what society needs .
In our case the need is clear : the professional competence of the Mathematical Engineer , familiar with discrete systems design and knowing how to use formal techniques for preventing unmastered complexity from creeping in .
But said war out there  all but prevents this need from being perceived , and what our immediate industrial environment overwhelmingly seems to ask for is different brands of snake oil , Software Engineering , of course , being one of them .
And as , with the recession lasting longer and longer , the external pressures on the Universities to do the wrong things only mount , it is only to be expected that part of the campus is going to be included in the battlefield .
The task of the first - class University , however , is absolutely clear .
Industry being its customer , consultancy must tell industry what it wants to hear ; it is the task of the first - class University to tell industry what it does not want to hear , whereby it is the rôle of its scientific authority to ensure that the sting of the academic gadfly really hurts .
In my experience — gathered on different continents — , it is impossible to completely prevent all snake oil peddling on campus , but by openly despising it one can at least save the integrity of the academic enterprise as a whole .
Exercise could be walking to school
The current UK guidelines recommend an hour of exercise - but a recent study found only one in 10 children of school age achieve that limit .
Writing in The Lancet , they say children should up their activity levels in order to ward off heart disease and obesity .
The Department of Health said it would consider whether its guidelines needed to be reviewed following the study .
If current trends continue , half of all children in England could be obese by 2020 .
Sedentary lifestyles
Among children , the rates of obesity have tripled during the last 20 years .
One in 10 six - year - olds is obese .
When you drive your child to the school gate in your Chelsea tractor you are not helping your child
Neville Rigby , International Obesity Task Force
The authors of the latest study stress that getting enough exercise is important not only to tackle the problem of childhood obesity , but also to prevent future generations dying prematurely from illnesses associated with sedentary lifestyles .
They looked at over 1,730 children , aged nine or 15 years , from schools in Denmark , Estonia , and Portugal .
For each child they measured a combination of risk factors for cardiovascular disease , including blood pressure , weight and cholesterol , to calculate a combined risk factor score .
Over one weekend and two week days the children were asked to wear a monitor that measured how physically active they were .
The researchers found that their risk score for cardiovascular disease decreased with increasing physical activity .
The lowest risk scores were found in the nine year olds who did 116 minutes of moderate to vigorous intensity activity and the 15 year olds who did around 88 minutes daily .
This would correspond to walking at a speed of around 4 km/h for 90 minutes .
Professor Lars Bo Anderson , from the Norwegian School of Sports Sciences in Oslo , and his team stress that the 90 minutes of daily exercise they are recommending for children would not have to be done in one chunk ; it would be spaced over the day .
Little and often
For example , a child could walk or cycle to and from school , run around at lunchtime and play sports in the evenings and at weekends .
Neville Rigby of the International Obesity Task Force said children were being stifled from doing exercise .
" When you drive your child to the school gate in your Chelsea tractor you are not helping your child .
" Most kids in a previous generation had to walk to school , cycle to school or catch a bus . "
Professor Chris Riddoch , head of the London Sports Institute at Middlesex University and one of the researchers who conducted the latest study , agreed , saying : " We have engineered a society that does not exercise - kids as well as adults . "
He said children needed to be allowed and encouraged to be active at every opportunity .
" Every little bit helps .
If we are not successful then the next generation of adults will be less healthy than we are and we are no role model . "
He said much was being done to improve the situation but that unless things changed the NHS would crumble under the strain of treating escalating ill health .
Concerted effort
A spokeswoman from the Department of Health said policy makers would consider the implications of the new findings " very carefully in the context of our efforts to halt the rise in obesity among children under 11 by 2010 . "
" It is important that we keep our recommendations under review as evidence like this comes to light , " she added .
She said there were a number of schemes working to increase physical activity among young people , including issuing schoolchildren with pedometers - devices that measure how many steps someone takes .
The government also wants all school pupils to receive two hours of PE and sport a day by 2010 .
Steve Shaffelburg of the British Heart Foundation said : " For children to develop a lifelong healthy attitude to physical activity , it will take a concerted effort from many groups working together to find long - lasting solutions . "
Every graveyard tells a story .
The Maple Grove Cemetery in New York is no exception .
Its tombs mirror the waves of immigration to this bustling corner of the city .
Inscriptions on older stones , flecked with moss , are mostly Jewish or English .
The newer ones , shiny and polished , bear Chinese names , or Indian , or Hispanic .
Each grave is a full stop on an individual life : a point of final departure and no return .
Except for one .
On a chilly winter 's day last November a team of gravediggers plunged their spades into the cold earth above Esfir Perelmuter and began to bring her back into the light .
When they prised open Perelmuter 's pine coffin what they saw within sent shockwaves across America .
The body of the 82 - year - old grandmother had been desecrated .
She had been surgically carved up and was missing nearly every bone below the waist .
In their place were plastic pipes .
Cloth had been used to replace missing tissue .
Then she had been sewn up again .
For the detectives supervising Perelmuter 's exhumation the discovery only confirmed what they already knew : there was a body - snatching ring working in the heart of New York City .
Criminals had been ' harvesting ' bones , skin and ligaments from the dead and selling them on the medical market for donated tissue .
It is a lucrative industry .
A corpse , by some estimates , can net between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 .
New York 's body snatchers had been busy , too .
Police estimate more than 1,000 corpses fell under their knives in what one detective called ' a human chop shop ' .
Amazingly , one of the corpses was that of Alistair Cooke , the renowned BBC broadcaster whose Letter from America was a weekly radio essay that shaped British views of the US for half a century .
New York is not a city easily shocked .
But the discovery of a latter - day Burke and Hare in the middle of the Big Apple did the trick .
It seemed like a horror film come to life .
' This was no bad movie .
This was the real thing , ' says Brooklyn district attorney Charles Hynes .
Across New
York graves were dug up , relatives mourned anew and tabloids raced to print the lurid details .
In a world where death and dying is all too sanitised , the body snatchers brought the dead back into public life .
They had left a city - and a nation - pondering its attitudes to death and shattered taboos long left untouched .
Most of all , America wanted to know how this could have happened in New York in the 21st century .
Cooke 's daughter , Susan Cooke Kittredge , felt the shock first - hand : ' No one was minding the store and it turned into a little shop of horrors . '
The first sign that something was wrong came when Deborah Johnson , the manager of the Daniel George funeral parlour in Brooklyn , complained to the police that a previous owner had defrauded a client seeking to bury his aunt .
Johnson claimed that Joseph Nicelli had taken pre-payment for the funeral and then sold the business to her before the ceremony .
Johnson was furious and lodged a complaint with police in November 2004 .
Detective Patricia O'Brien was assigned the case and casually walked the short distance from the 62nd Street Precinct police station to Bath Avenue in Brooklyn , just a few blocks from the sea .
Johnson ushered O'Brien inside the funeral home and showed her reams of financial documents .
Then she whispered that there was something unusual about the building .
O'Brien , a petite blonde making her way in the NYPD as a detective , was shown a secret room that seemed more equipped for surgery than for embalming .
It was equipped with bright lights like an operating theatre and had a trap door in the floor from which bodies could be hoisted from the room below by a mechanical lift .
Puzzled , O'Brien pored over Nicelli's old records ; she discovered company names she had never heard of .
Back at her desk she entered the names on to the internet .
Each one was involved in tissue transplants .
The Daniel George funeral parlour is empty now .
Traffic whizzes by oblivious to what once occurred there .
The name on its red awning has been torn out , the doors are locked ; inside , dust gathers on floral sofas that once seated grieving relatives .
But what Nicelli and his partner , Michael Mastromarino , did inside 1,852 Bath Avenue is now detailed in an enormous police indictment containing 122 charges .
The two men , and two other associates , Lee Crucetta and Chris Aldorasi , have pleaded innocent so far .
But the police documents read like a roll call of horror .
According to the police , the body snatchers treated the dead passing through the funeral home like farmers reaping a crop .
They took what they could sell , covered their tracks with fake documents and then watched as the mourning families buried the evidence .
Nicelli ran the funeral home and had contracts with others in New York , Rochester , New Jersey and Philadelphia .
Bodies would arrive to be embalmed and then , behind closed doors , they would be hoisted up through the ceiling and into the secret cutting room .
There the former dental surgeon Mastromarino , aided by his ' cutters ' , Crucetta and Aldorasi , would knife them open and remove what could be sold .
The parts would be traded on the market via Mastromarino 's company , Biomedical Tissue Services .
The missing bones were replaced by PVC pipes and the empty space where tissues had been removed was stuffed with surgical gloves and cloth .
The bodies would then be sewn up and delivered back to the families .
The cause of death and the age of the dead would often be faked to make the tissues more marketable .
Corpses riddled with cancer would have the cause of death listed as ' heart disease ' .
Decades would be knocked off a person 's life .
One 104 - year - old was listed as having died at 70 .
Esfir Perelmuter was listed as 65 , not 82 , when she passed away .
Her cause of death was logged as heart disease , not the brain cancer that had actually taken her life .
It was the same for Alistair Cooke .
He had died of lung cancer that had spread to his bones , and was 95 years old .
Yet his tissue was sold on as that of an 85 - year - old man who had died of a heart attack .
There was good money to be made .
Police believe Mastromarino and Nicelli ran the ring for almost four years and netted around $ 4.7 m .
They certainly lived large , becoming pillars of their local communities .
Both were family men with an aura of respectability .
Nicelli lived in a handsome three - storey house on Staten Island .
Mastromarino bought a $ 1.5 m home in plush Fort Lee , just over the Hudson river from Manhattan 's Upper West Side .
Yet they had entered the death industry by different routes .
Nicelli's parents ran a funeral business in Brooklyn .
His first wife , Meg Dunn , was the daughter of a well - known local funeral director .
Mastromarino was a relative latecomer .
He had been a star football player at the University of Pittsburgh until an ankle injury ended his professional prospects .
He studied dentistry and carved out a successful practice just off Fifth Avenue , where glamorous Gothamites paid a fortune to keep their pearly whites sparkling .
He even co-wrote a book called Smile : How Dental Implants Can Transform Your Life .
But behind both men lay troubled lives .
Nicelli had waged a long battle with debt ; for a decade he had struggled to pay his taxes .
Mastromarino 's fight was with drugs .
He used painkillers and cocaine and attracted a raft of malpractice suits .
Several alleged he passed out while his patients were under anaesthetic .
He spent time in rehab and in 2000 he lost his dental licence because of his drug problems .
But by then , it appears , Mastromarino had uncovered a new way of making money : selling body parts .
He founded Biomedical Tissue Services ( BTS ) and embarked on a new career supplying bones and tissue to the transplant market .
It is a perfectly legal trade , enabling tens of thousands of vital operations to take place every year .
But at some stage - police believe in early 2001 - BTS started selling bone and tissue that was old or potentially diseased .
By the time O'Brien visited the Daniel George funeral parlour the police believe the body snatchers had become careless .
Besides leaving Nicelli 's unpaid debts behind they had continued to plunder corpses at Daniel George for body parts .
Police allege the four men kept copies of keys to the property and would sneak inside to use the secret operating room when the new owners were n't there .
With O'Brien now on the case the body - snatching ring 's days were numbered .
Two top detectives from the NYPD's Major Case Squad were assigned to help .
They began interviewing relatives , comparing medical notes and tracing consent forms .
Eventually , towards the end of last year , they began to open graves .
The body snatchers were now being exposed elsewhere , too .
This time it was not in New York , but nearly 2,000 miles away , in Denver .
It was late on 23 September 2005 , and Dr Michael Bauer had been checking paperwork on a batch of 30 tissues from BTS .
He was comforted that all of them gave phone numbers for both the family doctors and the next of kin of the deceased .
' That is usually a sign of great care , ' he says .
Then he noticed a minor medical problem with one donor .
' It was something a quick doctor - to - doctor chat would have sorted out .
So I called the number on the form . '
The number was wrong .
So wrong , in fact , that Bauer became concerned .
He tried two more doctors ' numbers on other samples .
They were wrong , too .
He tried eight more .
Also wrong .
Then he tried the next of kin numbers .
Wrong again .
He got disconnected calls , random businesses , unrelated home numbers and fax machines : never the real numbers for doctors and relatives .
It was the same on all 30 tissues .
' I still thought that there had to be a reasonable explanation , ' he says , ' but I knew that until we heard that reasonable explanation we had to halt all BTS supplies and recall any BTS tissues . '
The recall order went out the next day .
Bauer 's hope for a ' reasonable explanation ' turned into a nightmare .
' These people were renegades , ' he says .
Arrest warrants were issued , and on 22 February at 10 pm , Mastromarino walked into the District Attorney 's office on Jay Street in Brooklyn and turned himself in .
Crucetta and Aldorasi also handed themselves over that night .
Nicelli came in a little later .
But it is not yet over for the victims .
Michael Bruno was a typical New York cabbie .
An Italian , he loved to talk and vent his opinions with his passengers .
' He was a guy straight out of the movies , ' says his son , Vito .
Michael Bruno died aged 75 in Brooklyn after a battle with kidney cancer .
His family buried him in 2004 .
They mourned their loss and got on with their lives , until one morning a detective came knocking and asked Vito if a signature on a donation consent form was his .
' It was not even remotely like mine , ' says Vito .
' I was just shocked .
You never believe you could have fallen victim to something like this .'
It was a shock to Wendy Kogut , too .
Her sister Danette , 43 , had been a Merrill Lynch executive assistant until she succumbed to ovarian cancer .
She fought a brave but losing battle against the disease for two years , and was buried in 2003 .
The police also came knocking at Wendy 's door .
The signature on Danette 's donor family consent form was their grandfather 's name .
He had been dead for 30 years .
' I feel like somebody took my sister and violated her .
You relive the death all over again , ' Wendy says .
Those are just two stories among 1,077 .
Each corpse was a human being , whose life was as full as any other .
Each had mourners and family .
Each had been carved up and sold like so much dead meat .
It is no wonder the psychological trauma inflicted by the body - snatching case has been so extreme .
It was especially bad for the Kogut family .
Danette had planned her funeral meticulously and insisted that she did not want anyone to touch or view her body after she died .
It was her wish to be cremated immediately .
Instead , she fell prey to the body snatchers .
' She said , " I am dying and I want privacy in my death , " ' Wendy recalls .
' Now she will not be remembered for what she did with her life ; she will be remembered for something that happened to her after she died . '
So horrific were the crimes that relatives of the dead have felt marked out .
Vito says that everyone in his Brooklyn neighbourhood knows about the case .
It feels like a shadow hanging over his family : ' People do n't know how to react to such a thing .
I walked by a school the other day and a little kid shied away from me .'
The roster of victims revealed the body snatchers harvested from all walks of life , all ages and both sexes .
Perhaps they knew the frail old man they cut up in March 2004 was Alistair Cooke , one of the most distinguished British broadcasters of the last century .
Or perhaps they knew him as the genteel presenter of Masterpiece Theatre , an American TV show that brought Cooke fame in his adopted home .
Perhaps they did not .
Either way , death was the ultimate leveller and Cooke was treated no differently than Michael Bruno or Wendy Kogut before him .
His daughter , Susan , found out the same way : a call from the police .
' I have been living with this for three months now .
No one wants a cold , icy grip coming back from the grave , ' she says .
Yet perhaps the greatest horror was reserved not for the desecrated dead , nor even their stunned relatives , but for the living who received the harvested tissue .
They carry pieces of the dead inside them from people who had no idea their bodies were to be reused .
' My father wanted to be cremated , ' says Vito .
' For bits of him still to be walking around is pretty unbelievable . '
But across America , Canada and perhaps elsewhere this is exactly what has happened .
BTS fed its tissue supplies into a huge industry with a seemingly inexhaustible demand for new material , and its tissue was mislabelled , and untested for disease .
Medical experts have recommended that anyone who received tissue from BTS be tested for HIV , Hepatitis C and syphilis .
Though cancer is not transferable , cancerous bones are often too weak to be used safely in transplants .
The same goes for elderly tissue : there is little point in using fresh bone harvested from someone already 100 years old .
There are hundreds , if not thousands , of potential victims , stretching across America .
Lori Sarrazine , 35 , who lives in Fort Wayne , Indiana , is one of them .
After a car accident had accentuated a degenerative disease in her neck , she underwent an operation .
A doctor fused three of her neck vertebrae together using a metal plate , metal screws and a ' cadaver bone ' .
The bone was from BTS .
Sarrazine has now been screened for disease and has so far tested negative .
But diseases such as HIV have long latency periods .
She cannot sleep at nights and the stress has caused her to fall ill with a stomach ulcer .
She knows that in her neck is a bone stolen from a corpse .
' I would say to the people who did this - let 's change places .
Let them have my place .
What they have done to me is shocking .'
Looting corpses for body parts is indeed shocking in modern America .
But trading in human tissues is not .
If nothing else , the body - snatchers ' case has cast some light on a little - known area of medical science , but one that is becoming ever more commonplace : human recycling .
It is a long way from the clandestine body trade of the 19th century , when grave robbers pulled corpses from the ground to sell to medical professors .
Now , tissue transplanting is a vital part of modern medicine and one that gives hope and health to millions .
The popular image of the life - saving swap of a major organ such as a heart , lung or liver is a tiny fraction of the industry - it has grown to include bone , skin tissue , muscles , tendons and ligaments .
Screws and plates once fashioned out of metal are now sometimes carved from bone .
Human tissues are used in skin grafts for burns victims , knee and elbow injuries , cosmetic surgeries , neck and back repairs , dental improvements .
The list is virtually endless and the industry is worth about $ 1bn a year .
About 25,000 donors annually account for 750,000 transplant procedures .
Tissues are harvested from hospitals , funeral homes and coroners ' offices .
They are generally stored frozen until required .
Nor are these implants solely for the sick and old .
Sports injuries , especially tendons , are commonly cured with donated tissues .
The Australian skier Alisa Camplin recently won a bronze medal at the Winter Olympics in Turin after having a patella tendon from a cadaver implanted in her right knee .
In America alone there are 200 for - profit and not - for - profit tissue banks .
While it is illegal to directly sell a body part for profit , there is a huge loophole .
Because many of the tissues used , such as pins made from bone or skin flaps , have been altered or ' processed ' in some way , firms are allowed to charge ' reasonable ' fees for such treatments , as well as covering their costs for storage and salaries .
Even not - for - profits have to pay their often highly trained staff decent wages .
That means a dead body has huge value - estimates suggest up to $ 250,000 .
Prices for parts vary : a lower jaw can fetch $ 3,000 , fingers come at $ 15 a piece and sexual organs ( used for practising new surgery techniques ) generally go for $ 125 .
Of course , many doctors worry that the body - snatching scandal will harm the image of an industry that by its very nature seems slightly ghoulish .
' We depend on public trust .
Anything that threatens that public trust is serious , ' says Dr David Bosch , president of the national Coalition on Donation .
The booming transplant industry is always faced with a shortage of tissue and that is likely to only get worse .
As Western populations age with the looming retirement of the ' baby boomer ' generation and medical advances make the elderly more fit and active , the need for transplant science is increasing .
Bosch believes education is the key to getting people to better understand tissue donation : ' We need to tackle it in schools .
It really is just like any other form of recycling . '
But if an age is dawning where increasingly humans can be fitted with spare parts from the dead , what does that say about our attitude to our own mortality ?
What does it actually mean to die in America ?
What the body - snatching scandal really did was shatter a modern taboo about openly dealing with death .
' We have gone through a period of death denial , where no one wants to admit that we are all going to die .
We try to ignore death , ' says Professor Christine Bochen , an expert on death rituals at the Nazareth College in Rochester , New York .
In the past 100 years , our way of dealing with death has undergone a radical change .
At the start of the 20th century , death was a communal experience : the old died at home , watched by their families ; relatives would often take part in preparing the body for burial ; an entire community would mourn together .
Today , we live in an era of nursing homes and anonymous funeral parlours .
Death is hidden away and taken care of by others .
' We are relieved that someone else will come and take care of it .
We want a quick - fix solution , ' says Susan Cooke Kittredge .
That is why the body snatchers were able to flourish .
The system in which they worked was full of checks and balances , such as consent forms and doctors ' telephone numbers - it was just that no one seemed to use them .
In the end , though , the body snatchers got it wrong .
The horrified reaction to the case shows that old societal mores are still strong ; even if they lie deeper beneath the surface these days .
The relatives of the dead do care .
They know the gravestones marked not just the last resting place of flesh and bones but are also repositories of whole lives ; decades of memories , of laughter , of anger and of love .
They were individuals who could still be wronged even after they had died .
Some good may now finally come out of the horror .
As the body snatchers await their trial , America may finally start to face death and dying with a new openness and honesty .
No one can live forever , whatever medical science wants us to believe .
' If we can start to talk about death , that would be positive , ' says Cooke Kittredge .
' That would be a good thing . '
All four of the accused body snatchers protest their innocence ; their day in court will come later this year .
Whatever the final verdict , America will watch with baited breath and morbid fascination .
Death will again be part of the national discussion .
In the meantime , on the grave of Esfir Perelmuter , surrounded by all the noise and chaos of New York life , there lies a bunch of fresh flowers .
2006 Scheme and Functional Programming Papers ,
University of Chicago TR - 2006-06
A Self - Hosting Evaluator using HOAS Eli Barzilay ( Northeastern University ) [ pdf ]
We demonstrate a tiny , yet non-trivial evaluator that is powerful enough to run practical code , including itself .
This is made possible using a Higher - Order Abstract Syntax ( HOAS ) representation — a technique that has become popular in syntax - related research during the past decade .
With a HOAS encoding , we use functions to encode binders in syntax values , leading to an advantages of reflecting binders rather than re-implementing them .
In Scheme , hygienic macros cover problems that are associated with binders in an elegant way , but only when extending the language , i.e. , when we work at the meta - level .
In contrast , HOAS is a useful object - level technique , used when we need to represent syntax values that contain bindings — and this is achieved in a way that is simple , robust , and efficient .
We gradually develop the code , explaining the technique and its benefits , while playing with the evaluator .
From Variadic Functions to Variadic Relations : A miniKanren Perspective William E. Byrd and Daniel P. Friedman ( Indiana University ) [ pdf ]
We present an implementation of miniKanren , an embedding of logic programming in R5RS Scheme that comprises three logic operators .
We describe these operators , and use them to define pluso , a relation that adds two numbers .
We then define plus*o , which adds zero or more numbers ; plus *o takes exactly two arguments , the first of which is a list of numbers to be added or a logical variable representing such a list .
We call such a relation pseudo - variadic .
Combining Scheme ’s var - args facility with pseudo - variadic helper relations leads to variadic relations , which take a variable number of arguments .
We focus on pseudo - variadic relations , which we demonstrate are more flexible than their variadic equivalents .
We show how to define plus*o in terms of pluso using foldro and foldlo , higher - order relational abstractions derived from Haskell ’s foldr and foldl functions .
These higher - order abstractions demonstrate the benefit of embedding relational operators in a functional language .
We define many other pseudo - variadic relations using foldro and foldlo , consider the limitations of these abstractions , and explore their effect on the divergence behavior of the relations they define .
We also consider double - pseudo - variadic relations , a generalization of pseudo - variadic relations that take as their first argument a list of lists or a logical variable representing a list of lists .
Experiences with Scheme in an Electro - Optics Laboratory Richard Cleis and Keith Wilson ( Air Force Research Laboratory ) [ pdf ]
The Starfire Optical Range is an Air Force Research Laboratory engaged in Atmospheric Research near Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Since the late 1980 ’s it has developed numerous telescope systems and auxiliary devices .
Nearly all are controlled by C programs that became difficult to manage due to the large number of configurations required to support the experiments .
To alleviate the problem , Scheme has been introduced in at least six distinct ways .
This paper describes the uses of Scheme , emerging programming techniques , and general experiences of the past several years .
Rapid Case Dispatch in Scheme William D. Clinger ( Northeastern University ) [ pdf ]
The case expressions of Scheme can and should be implemented efficiently .
A three - level dispatch performs well , even when dispatching on symbols , and scales to large case expressions .
A Stepper for Scheme Macros Ryan Culpepper , Matthias Felleisen ( Northeastern University ) [ pdf ]
Even in the days of Lisp ’s simple defmacro systems , macro developers did not have adequate debugging support from their programming environment .
Modern Scheme macro expanders are more complex than Lisp ’s , implementing lexical hygiene , referential transparency for macro definitions , and frequently source properties .
Scheme implementations , however , have only adopted Lisp ’s inadequate macro inspection tools .
Unfortunately , these tools rely on a naive model of the expansion process , thus leaving a gap between Scheme ’s complex mode of expansion and what the programmer sees .
In this paper , we present a macro debugger with full support for modern Scheme macros .
To construct the debugger , we have extended the macro expander so that it issues a series of expansion events .
A parser turns these event streams into derivations in a natural semantics for macro expansion .
From these derivations , the debugger extracts a reduction - sequence ( stepping ) view of the expansion .
A programmer can specify with simple policies which parts of a derivation to omit and which parts to show .
Last but not least , the debugger includes a syntax browser that graphically displays the various pieces of information that the expander attaches to syntactic tokens .
Automatic construction of parse trees for lexemes Danny Dubé ( Université Laval ) and Anass Kadiri ( EPITA , Paris France ) [ pdf ]
Recently , Dubé and Feeley presented a technique that makes lexical analyzers able to build parse trees for the lexemes that match regular expressions .
While parse trees usually demonstrate how a word is generated by a context - free grammar , these parse trees demonstrate how a word is generated by a regular expression .
This paper describes the adaptation and the implementation of that technique in a concrete lexical analyzer generator for Scheme .
The adaptation of the technique includes extending it to the rich set of operators handled by the generator and reversing the direction of the parse trees construction so that it corresponds to the natural right - to - left construction of the lists in Scheme .
The implementation of the adapted technique includes modifications to both the generation - time and the analysis - time parts of the generator .
Uses of the new addition and empirical measurements of its cost are presented .
Extensions and alternatives to the technique are considered .
Concurrency Oriented Programming in Termite Scheme Guillaume Germain , Marc Feeley , Stefan Monnier ( Université de Montréal ) [ pdf ]
Termite Scheme is a variant of Scheme intended for distributed computing .
It offers a simple and powerful concurrency model , inspired by the Erlang programming language , which is based on a message - passing model of concurrency .
Our system is well suited for building custom protocols and abstractions for distributed computation .
Its open network model allows for the building of non-centralized distributed applications .
The possibility of failure is reflected in the model , and ways to handle failure are available in the language .
We exploit the existence of first class continuations in order to allow the expression of high - level concepts such as process migration .
We describe the Termite model and its implications , how it compares to Erlang , and describe sample applications built with Termite .
We conclude with a discussion of the current implementation and its performance .
An Incremental Approach to Compiler Construction Abdulaziz Ghuloum ( Indiana University ) [ pdf ]
Compilers are perceived to be magical artifacts , carefully crafted by the wizards , and unfathomable by the mere mortals .
Books on compilers are better described as wizard - talk : written by and for a clique of all - knowing practitioners .
Real - life compilers are too complex to serve as an educational tool .
And the gap between real - life compilers and the educational toy compilers is too wide .
The novice compiler writer stands puzzled facing an impenetrable barrier , “ better write an interpreter instead . ”
The goal of this paper is to break that barrier .
We show that building a compiler can be as easy as building an interpreter .
The compiler we construct accepts a large subset of the Scheme programming language and produces assembly code for the Intel - x86 architecture , the dominant architecture of personal computing .
The development of the compiler is broken into many small incremental steps .
Every step yields a fully working compiler for a progressively expanding subset of Scheme .
Every compiler step produces real assembly code that can be assembled then executed directly by the hardware .
We assume that the reader is familiar with the basic computer architecture : its components and execution model .
Detailed knowledge of the Intel - x86 architecture is not required .
The development of the compiler is described in detail in an extended tutorial .
Supporting material for the tutorial such as an automated testing facility coupled with a comprehensive test suite are provided with the tutorial .
It is our hope that current and future implementors of Scheme find in this paper the motivation for developing high - performance compilers and the means for achieving that goal .
Sage : Hybrid Checking for Flexible Specifications Jessica Gronski ( University of California , Santa Cruz ( UCSC ) ) , Kenneth Knowles ( UCSC ) , Aaron Tomb ( UCSC ) , Stephen N. Freund ( Williams College ) , and Cormac Flanagan ( UCSC ) [ pdf ]
Software systems typically contain large APIs that are informally specified and hence easily misused .
This paper presents the Sage programming language , which is designed to enforce precise interface specifications in a flexible manner .
The Sage type system uses a synthesis of the type Dynamic , first - class types , and arbitrary refinement types .
Since type checking for this expressive language is not statically decidable , Sage uses hybrid type checking , which extends static type checking with dynamic contract checking , automatic theorem proving , and a database of refuted subtype judgments .
Interaction - Safe State for the Web Jay McCarthy and Shriram Krishnamurthi ( Brown University ) [ pdf ]
Recent research has demonstrated that continuations provide a clean basis to describe interactive Web programs .
This account , however , provides only a limited description of state , which is essential to Web applications .
This state is affected by the numerous control operators ( known as navigation buttons ) in Web browsers , which make Web applications behave in unexpected and even erroneous ways .
We describe these subtleties as discovered in the context of working Web applications .
Based on this analysis we present linguistic extensions that accurately capture state in the context of the Web , presenting a novel form of dynamic scope .
We support this investigation with a formal semantics and a discussion of applications .
The results of this paper have already been successfully applied to working applications .
Component Deployment with PLaneT : You Want it Where ?
Jacob Matthews ( University of Chicago ) [ pdf ]
For the past two years we have been developing PLaneT , a package manager built into PLT Scheme ’s module system that simplifies program development by doing away with the distinction between installed and uninstalled packages .
In this paper we explain how PLaneT works and the rationales behind our major design choices , focusing particularly on our decision to integrate PLaneT into PLT Scheme and the consequences that decision had for PLaneT ’s design .
We also report our experience as PLaneT users and developers and describe what have emerged as PLaneT ’s biggest advantages and drawbacks .
Scheme for Client - Side Scripting in Mobile Web Browsing , or AJAX - Like Behavior Without Javascript Ray Rischpater ( Rocket Mobile , Inc. ) [ pdf ]
I present an implementation of Scheme embedded within a Web browser for wireless terminals .
Based on a port of TinyScheme integrated with RocketBrowser , an XHTML - MP browser running on Qualcomm BREW - enabled handsets .
In addition to a comparison of the resulting script capabilities , I present the changes required to bring TinyScheme to Qualcomm BREW , including adding support for BREW components as TinyScheme data types .
The resulting application supports the same kinds of dynamic client - side scripted behavior as a traditional Javascript - enabled Web browser in environments too memory constrained for a Javascript implementation .
SHard : a Scheme to Hardware Compiler Xavier Saint - Mleux ( Université de Montréal ) , Marc Feeley ( Université de Montréal ) and Jean - Pierre David ( École Polytechnique de Montréal ) [ pdf ]
Implementing computations in hardware can offer better performance and power consumption than a software implementation , typically at a higher development cost .
Current hardware / software co-design methodologies usually start from a pure software model that is incrementally transformed into hardware until the required performance is achieved .
This is often a manual process which is tedious and which makes component transformation and reuse difficult .
We describe a prototype compiler that compiles a functional subset of the Scheme language into synthesizable descriptions of dataflow parallel hardware .
The compiler supports tail and non-tail function calls and higher - order functions .
Our approach makes it possible for software developers to use a single programming language to implement algorithms as hardware components using standardized interfaces that reduce the need for expertise in digital circuits .
Performance results of our system on a few test programs are given for FPGA hardware .
Invited Talk : The HOP Development Kit Manuel Serrano ( INRIA Sophia Antipolis ) [ pdf ]
Hop , is a language dedicated to programming reactive and dynamic applications on the web .
It is meant for programming applications such as web agendas , web galleries , web mail clients , etc .
While a previous paper ( Hop , a Language for Programming the Web 2.0 , available at http://hop.inria.fr/) focused on the linguistic novelties brought by Hop , the present one focuses on its execution environment .
That is , it presents
Hop ’s user libraries , its extensions to the HTML - based standards , and its execution platform , the Hop web broker .
Gradual Typing for Functional Languages Jeremy G. Siek and Walid Taha ( Rice University ) [ pdf ]
Static and dynamic type systems have well - known strengths and weaknesses , and each is better suited for different programming tasks .
There have been many efforts to integrate static and dynamic typing and thereby combine the benefits of both typing disciplines in the same language .
The flexibility of static typing can be improved by adding a type Dynamic and a typecase form .
The safety and performance of dynamic typing can be improved by adding optional type annotations or by performing type inference ( as in soft typing ) .
However , there has been little formal work on type systems that allow a programmer - controlled migration between dynamic and static typing .
Thatte proposed Quasi - Static
Typing , but it does not statically catch all type errors in completely annotated programs .
Anderson and Drossopoulou defined a nominal type system for an object - oriented language with optional type annotations .
However , developing a sound , gradual type system for functional languages with structural types is an open problem .
In this paper we present a solution based on the intuition that the structure of a type may be partially known / unknown at compile - time and the job of the type system is to catch incompatibilities between the known parts of types .
We define the static and dynamic semantics of a λ- calculus with optional type annotations and we prove that its type system is sound with respect to the simply - typed λ- calculus for fully - annotated terms .
We prove that this calculus is type safe and that the cost of dynamism is “ pay - as - you - go ” .
Students from the University of Cambridge " Spaceflight " project last week pulled off quite a coup when they successfully dispatched an experimental electronics package into the upper atmosphere strapped to a weather balloon , in the process capturing some impressive images of planet Earth from a peak altitude of 32.2 km ( 105,600ft )
The main objectives of the " Nova 1 " test were " to gain experience operating balloon payloads , to test the hardware and firmware of the latest generation tracking device flight " , as part of a programme aiming to ultimately build a sub - £ 1,000 rocket .
The payload contained " two completely independent custom - built tracking devices with three communications methods : SMS over a GSM cellphone , high speed radio data and low speed radio Morse code .
Both radio transmitters operated at 10 mW in the 434MHz licence - exempt band " , the team 's report explains .
To record the test for posterity , the package also boasted a 5 megapixel digital camera , which performed splendidly , as this sequential montage shows :
( Team comprises : Carl Morland , Robert Fryers and Henry Hallam in the centre from L - R , flanked by two friends )
What you do n't know can hurt you One day years ago , interviewing the usually cheerful Justice William Brennan in his Supreme Court chambers , I found him troubled .
" Liberty , " he said , " is a fragile thing .
The Framers knew that .
How can we bring the words of the Bill of Rights off the page into the lives of students ? "
Were he still here , that paladin of individual liberties would have been even more troubled reading the words of retired justice Sandra Day O'Connor on this page : " Public schools have pretty much stopped teaching government , civics and American history .
... I truly do n't know how long we can survive as a strong nation if our younger citizens do n't understand the nature of our government .
...
That is something you have to learn .
It just is n't handed down in the genetic pool . "
Add Sen. Lamar Alexander , R - Tenn. , who is trying to get his American History Achievement Act — to test the degree of knowledge in schools — through Congress .
He points out that half the states do n't require a course in U.S. government .
A few years ago , I supported the City University of New York 's decision mandating the teaching of American history on all its campuses .
I was denounced by several department heads for " jingoism . "
They insisted " world history " be taught instead .
What students believe Not surprisingly , a Knight Foundation national survey last year of more than 100,000 high school students on " The Future of the First Amendment " found that 73 % either had no opinion or said they took the First Amendment for granted , whatever that meant .
Moreover , 36 % believed that before publishing , newspapers must first get government approval .
As for this nation 's adults , in an American Bar Association poll last summer , a little more than half of those surveyed were able to name the three branches of our government .
Fewer than half had any idea what " the separation of powers " means .
Since congressional oversight of this president 's powers has been lame — and more of our federal courts are yielding to the administration 's invoking of " state secrets " to dismiss cases critical of expanding presidential powers — even fewer Americans will know that the Framers insisted on the separation of powers .
In April , Michael Greco , president of the American Bar Association , warned — without hyperbole — that " many Americans do not even know the basics of how their government works , and that is a long - term threat to our democracy .
...
When people do not understand their rights , it 's easy for others to take those rights away . "
And those who would take those rights away are not just our external enemies .
But the Constitution still lives — as an increasing number of organizations are educating school boards and principals across the country in effectively teaching the roots of Americanism : • The Constitutional Rights Foundation Chicago , for example , provides programs and curriculums for elementary and secondary school students — and their teachers — in Chicago and across the USA .
This foundation participates in the annual Youth for Justice National Teach - In , a program in which middle and high school students learn about our American democracy .
Its associate director , Nisan Chavkin , said a lively discussion took place during a Chicago teach - in on the Second Amendment and gun control .
Special education students led a debate with their peers from regular classes — a useful example of creative teaching .
• The Bill of Rights Institute , in Arlington , Va. , has reached teachers across the country with constitutional seminars —
I 've spoken at one ; week - long summer institutes for teachers ; and instructional materials and lesson plans , including original sources , posters and the like , that make American history come alive .
•
The Illinois First Amendment Center , based in Springfield , has an active national reach and provides curriculum guides from kindergarten to college .
The chairman is John Foreman , who , in his day job , is publisher of The News - Gazette in Champaign , Ill .
He tells me : " Our materials have been requested by schools in all 50 states , something we never expected . "
A call for ' renewal '
When I speak at schools , telling stories of how this country got the Bill of Rights and what it has taken to keep those individual liberties , I quote Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy : " The Constitution needs renewal and understanding each generation , or it's not going to last . "
And then I tell the students one of the consequences if it does n't last , invoking George Orwell : " If large numbers of people are interested in freedom of speech , there will be freedom of speech , even if the law forbids it ; if public opinion is sluggish , inconvenient minorities will be persecuted , even if laws exist to protect them . "
I also suggest the students get a paperback copy of Mr. Orwell 's chilling , increasingly contemporary novel , 1984 .
Nat Hentoff is an authority on education , free speech issues and the Bill of Rights .
Due to the impact of COVID - 19 , we are saddened to share the news that the exhibition Tutankhamun : Treasures of the Golden Pharaoh exhibition will not reopen in London .
Produced by the Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities and IMG ,
and presented by Viking Cruises
Commemorating the centenary of the discovery that captivated the world , the largest collection of King Tutankhamun 's treasures ever to travel out of Egypt will open at the Saatchi Gallery for a limited run .
The legend of Tutankhamun captured imaginations globally when , in 1922 his tomb was unearthed by British explorer Howard Carter and financier Lord Carnarvon .
An instant worldwide sensation , public fascination surrounding the boy king - and the only Ancient Egyptian royal tomb ever found intact - has continued for decades , with exhibitions in 1972 and 2007 drawing record crowds of well over one million visitors in London .
MAKE a mistaken claim in any branch of science , and endeavours in that field may be tainted for years .
Faced with two such claims , the field is definitely in trouble .
And that now seems to be the case for so - called “ tabletop fusion ” .
In 1989 Stanley Pons and Martin Fleischmann claimed to have achieved “ cold fusion ” — nuclear fusion in apparatus built on a laboratory bench .
Their work , however , was discredited and the field is now a no - go area for most physicists .
This week , fresh doubts emerged about a related claim to have used bubbles generated by ultrasound to create fusion .
If these are substantiated , the idea of tabletop fusion will , indeed , become a pariah .
For decades , physicists have sought to achieve nuclear fusion on the cheap .
Fusion involves small atomic nuclei colliding to form larger ones , a process that releases energy .
But , since atomic nuclei are positively charged , and like charges repel , it is a difficult stunt to pull off .
It happens in the cores of stars , where high pressure squeezes nuclei together and high temperatures mean that they are travelling fast enough to overcome the repulsion .
It can also be made to happen briefly on Earth , in huge machines that can create high temperatures and pressures .
A small - scale version that operated at normal temperatures and pressures would be a real boon .
Such was the device that was published by Rusi Taleyarkhan , then of Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee , in Science in 2002 .
Dr Taleyarkhan and his colleagues used a technique called acoustic cavitation — the imploding of a bubble created by sound waves passing through a liquid — to generate the pressures and temperatures required for nuclear fusion .
Bubble trouble
The team created these bubbles in acetone , which has molecules containing six hydrogen atoms .
They ran the experiment with normal acetone , as a control , and with acetone made with deuterium ( a form of hydrogen that has a proton and a neutron in its nucleus , rather than the single proton of normal hydrogen ) .
Deuterium is easier to fuse than normal hydrogen , and all fusion experiments use it .
As they ran each experiment , the researchers looked for the release of neutrons possessing the characteristic energy that comes from deuterium fusion .
With normal hydrogen , they found none .
With deuterium , they claimed to have found significant numbers .
However , in a paper submitted this week to Physical Review Letters , Brian Naranjo of the University of California , Los Angeles , argued that the neutrons generated in Dr Taleyarkhan 's experiments did not have the right energy to have been produced by fusion .
Dr Naranjo took his data from a paper published by Dr Taleyarkhan in January .
This appeared in an electronic format that allowed him to deduce those data from the graphs it showed , even though the raw numbers were not published .
He argues that the resulting neutron energies are consistent with the decay of a standard radioactive source called 2{+5}2californium .
Dr Taleyarkhan 's description of his method explicitly excludes the possibility of such a source being present .
Moreover , if Dr Naranjo is correct , 2{+5}2 californium would appear to be present only in the experimental runs using deuterated acetone and not in the control experiments using normal acetone , pointing to the possibility of direct human interference .
There is a certain amount of “ history ” between the two scientists .
Dr Naranjo works in the laboratory of Seth Putterman , one of three researchers who peer - reviewed Dr Taleyarkhan 's original Science paper and did not like it .
When the journal published the paper anyway , Dr Putterman went public , arguing that Dr Taleyarkhan had not ruled out several potential sources of error in his paper .
But the problems now appear to be more than personal .
In this week 's Nature , colleagues of Dr Taleyarkhan criticise his methods and claim to have had no success in repeating his positive results .
In 2004 Dr Taleyarkhan moved to Purdue University in Indiana , where Lefteri Tsoukalas , head of nuclear engineering at the university , had been trying to repeat his experiments .
Dr Tsoukalas 's team had completed several experimental runs , but had not seen any evidence for bubble fusion .
Once Dr Taleyarkhan had arrived , members of the laboratory became increasingly concerned by his actions .
Tatjana Jevremovic , an assistant professor of nuclear engineering at the university , told Nature that Dr Taleyarkhan would sometimes claim that the experiment was producing positive results when she could see no such thing .
He then removed the equipment from a communal laboratory and took it to his own labs off - campus , preventing the team from continuing with its experiments .
Moreover , the American patent office has quietly but firmly rejected Dr Taleyarkhan 's bubble - fusion device .
An application for a patent was filed in 2003 , when he was still at Oak Ridge , on behalf of the Department of Energy , which funded the work .
On December 27th last year the department formally abandoned the claim .
Ricardo Palabrica of the Patent Office had described the application as “ no more than just an unproven concept ” .
As The Economist went to press , Dr Taleyarkhan had made no public comment on the matter .
But if the apparent problems are substantiated , they will cast a shadow over the entire endeavour .
Unlike the work of Dr Pons and Dr Fleischmann , bubble fusion has a strong theoretical underpinning , and may yet work .
The trouble is that eager , young researchers who want to make a name for themselves are unlikely to touch it with a barge - pole .
Through my own investigations I have just discovered that George Deutsch , the Bush political appointee at the heart of administration efforts to censor NASA scientists ( most notably to prevent James Hansen from speaking out about global warming ) , did not actually graduate from Texas A&M University .
This should come as a surprise , since the media has implied otherwise , with even The New York Times describing the 24 - year - old NASA public affairs officer , as “ a 2003 journalism graduate of Texas A&M . ”
Although Deutsch did attend Texas A&M University , where he majored in journalism and was scheduled to graduate in 2003 , he left in 2004 without a degree , a revelation that I was tipped off to by one of his former coworkers at A& M 's student newspaper The Battalion .
I later confirmed this discovery through the records department of the Texas A&M University Association of Former Students .
Deutsch ’s former coworker informed me that in the summer of 2004 , when Deutsch was the Opinion Editor for The Battalion , he was offered a position in George W. Bush ’s presidential reelection campaign .
The position was apparently too good to turn down , so Deutsch not only left his editorial post , but he also left A&M completely .
Deutsch 's coworker was not aware of him returning to A&M to complete his education .
I investigated this further , and through the Association of Former Students , I learned that George Deutsch never graduated from Texas A&M , and the last record of him was from June 9 , 2004 , when he withdrew .
At this point , while I am unaware of whether Deutsch graduated from college at all , it is clear that he did not graduate from A&M , and he may have intentionally misled people to believe that he did .
The idea that NASA let a 24 - year - old journalism major , with no experience in science or technology , other than writing a few articles about video games , determine what scientists were able to communicate to the public was pretty bad .
The fact that he was censoring scientific information on global warming and the big bang made things more interesting , especially since he was a political appointee doing this to prevent challenges to the Bush administration ’s policies .
But now , finding out that he did not even graduate from Texas A&M , and may not have graduated from college at all , is absolutely outrageous .
George Deutsch , as I wrote before , needs to be removed from this post immediately .
The Bush administration and the Republican Party can give lip service to science all they like , but when they show such a flagrant disregard for scientific integrity by placing someone , whose only qualification is having worked on the Bush campaign , in such an important position , everything else they say is meaningless .
Derek Powazek makes an excellent point in Death to User - Generated Content :
Calling the beautiful , amazing , brilliant things people create online " user - generated content " is like sliding up to your lady , putting your arm around her and whispering , " Hey baby , let 's have intercourse . "
They 're words that creepy marketeers use .
They imply something to be commodified , harvested , taken advantage of .
They 're words I used to hear a lot while doing community consulting , and always by people who wanted to make , or save , a buck .
Think about the rest of the world .
Writers produce stories or articles .
Authors write fiction or memoir .
These are words infused with meaning and romance .
Can you imagine a writer saying " I am a content provider " when asked what they do ?
I could n't agree more .
The things I put on Flickr are photos .
And the stuff on my blog ?
That 's writing ( or ranting , in some cases ) .
Nobody has ever commented to me about my " content " , but they do mention my pictures or writing from time to time .
Why do we need new , less precise , terminology when the existing language seems to work just fine ?
Posted by jzawodn at April 04 , 2006 04:31 PM
For those of us that were actually alive back in the early ' 80s , there is no denying that the drab grey box that was the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) changed our lives .
Though the Atari 2600 and its predecessors broke some ground , and then broke the industry , if you are a hardcore gamer between 20 and 30 , the NES was the taste that got you hooked .
In the mid -to - late '90s , the retro gaming craze took hold as the kids that grew up with the NES started to miss the simplicity of the system and games .
Fond childhood memories of Kid Icarus and R.C. Pro-Am hit us like an acid flashback , and were it not for the sudden availability of illegal - but - free ROMs all over the internet ; the hardcore would have raided the value bins as indiscriminately as Ray Charles trying to find some misplaced balloons .
Cool as a Pepsi comercial .
Today 's the day when you wish you had fed that retro-gaming monkey on your back with some real carts instead of those quick hit ROMs .
Messiah has released their Generation NEX console , a NES / Famicom re-release dressed up with some of the technological niceties our great society has developed over the past 20 years .
For everyone that still has a few boxes of NES ( or Famicom ) carts tucked away in a closet , the Generation NEX is all the reason you should need to break them out and start playing the old classics again .
The Generation NEX is unmistakably a NES , straight down to its simple grey and black color scheme .
Fortunately , 20 years of technological progress has allowed the package to shrink a little , and the NEX is a thin 1.5 " tall .
Messiah also managed to expand upon the original NES design even while shrinking it down , and added support for Famicom cartridges , 2.4 GHz wireless controllers , and dual - mono sound .
Nice package .
Though there have been some rather weak attempts to remake the NES / Famicom prior to the NEX , Messiah really put some work into the production to make the NEX feel deserving of the love its users no doubt feel for the original .
The device itself is small , cute , and very reminiscent of its forefathers with a front - loading NES cartridge slot and a top loading Famicom slot .
The controller jacks are the same as the original NES , meaning you are welcome to use your original controllers if you still have some .
Even the packaging is attractive , and the Generation NEX kit includes a cartridge - shaped manual in a slip case , packed with instructions written and illustrated in action - comic - book style and a mini rarity guide developed by Digital Press .
Messiah knows who the market for the NEX is , and they certainly aim to impress .
If you know what NES graphics look like , you 'll have no surprises in store from the NEX .
Games look just as bad , or retro- awesome depending on your perspective , as they did 20 years ago .
In all the games we played , we were unable to notice graphical glitches or slowdown , a marked improvement over most emulator programs .
There are , however , some well known compatability problems due to the NEX's NES - on - a- chip design , and certain fan favorites , like Castlevania III will not run .
We did discover that a fresh console does a lot to help old cartridges work , as we managed to get all of our carts working with a minimal amount of huffing and puffing , including a " broken " copy of Zelda we snagged from EB .
The console itself is n't much bigger than a cart .
The Generation NEX package includes one wired controller .
Whether to avoid legal heat from Nintendo or some other reason , Messiah went for a SNES look rather than the traditional NES rectangle .
Gone is the NES crosshair D - pad in favor of a Genesis style circular D - pad .
Select and Start were repositioned above the B , A buttons , and touch sensitive Turbo and Slow buttons fill the middle of the controller 's real estate .
There are also shoulder buttons , which do the same thing as the B , A buttons .
The controller is quite small , and the B , A buttons are rather squishy , however , the D - pad feels good in action , and the controller is not a hindrance for old - school - paced games .
Wireless pads , plus limited edition lunch box .
To really feel like you have the future and past blended together in the palm of your hand , you need to get Messiah 's Wireless NES controllers , which will work with the original NES or NEX .
The controllers use the 2.4GHz band , and have impressive range : Mark Bozon went all the way to the elevator , which is a good 200 feet and several walls distant from my office , and still had a solid wireless connection going , as well as a much higher degree of skill in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II : The Arcade Game .
Messiah dropped the shoulder buttons on the wireless controllers , put the start and select buttons back in their normal home , and put the Turbo and Slow buttons above the B , A keys .
The greatest change is the D - pad , which Messiah seems to have modeled upon the sliding - disk style of the NES Max Controller .
Though somewhat disconcerting for more modern players , the feel of the disk is simple enough to get accustomed to , and it feels fine even in touchy games like R.C. Pro-Am .
The controllers are sold in a tight lunch - box style tin with similarly high - production values as the console itself .
Higher , as a matter of fact , as the lunch - box is a limited edition item and each is numbered out of 5,000 units .
For all the peeps that did n't have a moment of weakness back in the 16 bit era that led them to trade in entire NES collections for a paltry discount on Sonic and Knuckles , the Generation NEX is the perfect way to enjoy all your old NES carts the way they were meant to be played : on a TV in the company of friends , not on a crappy emulator on your porn- infested computer .
Retro -gamers owe a little respect to the games they claim to idolize so , and now there is no more excuse for relying ROMs to back up your retro-street - cred .
Available at retail soon , you can order it online right now , right here Another Take : Mark BozonWith the Revolution just months away you may be asking yourself " Why Bozon …
Why get the Generation NEX when the Rev is oh so close ? "
Hey , it 's a valid question .
Sure the Revolution will be great , and gamers without the luxury of having physical carts of the old classics will still have a way to play them .
That is n't , however , what the NEX is all about .
NEX is a nostalgia item .
It is a way to break out those old gray carts and get a few more miles out of them .
In short , it is a chance to truly turn back the clock and experience true NES gaming again .
I have played the other knock - off systems as well , I bought a Yobo just recently , and the difference NEX offers is amazing .
The NEX system looks like a 1st party piece of hardware , and performs flawlessly .
The main controller feels great and looks very much like the controllers released for the top- loading NES , while the wireless versions have the NES Max design .
If the classic controllers are your cup - o - tea like myself , NEX still offers that option as well with the classic port design .
There is simply no reason not to pick up this piece of hardware if retro games are your passion .
I 'd love to keep gabbing about this sweet piece of hardware goodness , but I have a score to settle with Gerry after that " improved skill " comment …
MacBookのメモリ増設 とParallels May 20 , 2006
MacBookを購入してから3日が経ちました。ざっと使ってみたところ、やはりメモリーが標準の512MBだと少々きつい部分(特にRosetta周り)もあり、2GBに交換しました。MacBookのメモリーは2枚単位での交換になるので、1GBメモリーを2枚購入して交換になります。メモリーの交換は、すでに各所で言われている通り、バッテリー横のパネルを外すだけなので簡単に行う事ができます。
メモリー交換後はとってもスムーズに動作してます。PPCバイナリもRosettaのおかげでスムーズに使えますし、日常的な動作で困る事はなさそうです。若干の不満としては、動作中は予想以上に熱くなることですね。底面左側は低温火傷しそうなぐらいですし、ファンが比較的回る事が多いように感じます。それと、仮想化ソフトのParallelsの動作中に熱暴走が起こりリブートするという事もありました(これはParalellsの問題かもしれませんが ) 。
熱暴走の問題もありますが、それ以上にParalellsは非常に便利です。WindowsXPとUbuntu Linuxを入れて使ってますが、動作速度も実用レベルですし、VirtueDesktopsを使えば、いわゆるFast OS Switchingもできて、OSの切り替えも楽々です。あまりに便利で美しすぎるので、MacBook上でのFast OS Switching動画を撮影してYouTubeで公開してみました。よかったら見てみてください。
We spend our working days tapping into computers .
We communicate with each other via email rather than letter .
And today , as chip and pin technology becomes compulsory on the high street , even our signatures have become obsolete .
Could it really all be over for handwriting ?
Stuart Jeffries reports
Patrick McGoohan 's words are becoming less and less true as technology extends its cheerless remit .
" I am not a number , " he declared in The Prisoner , " I am a free man . "
But increasingly we are numbers - digitised and quantified , rewritten as algorithms and asked for our personal codes to confirm who we are before call centre workers will deign to bandy words with us .
As if to prove the point , from this morning anyone with a chip and pin card will be obliged to use their pin number and not their signature when making a purchase .
It seems odd that the powers - that - be have used Valentine 's Day as the deadline for their unromantic automatisation project .
Who , after all , writes poetry about pin cards ?
Let 's have a go .
" Roses are red , violets are blue , my pin number is 3 , 5 , 4 , 2 " ( It is n't , incidentally .
I 'm not that daft ) .
Rather than sinuous penmanship , our identities are increasingly confirmed by numbered sequences that have been imposed on us .
And , if signatures are becoming increasingly irrelevant , what then is the future for handwriting in a world when ( according to a new Lloyds TSB Insurance survey ) one in three children has a computer in the bedroom , many more are accustomed to writing on them at home and school and , if I had a penny for every time I have heard or read parents and teachers bemoaning the poor state of pupil 's handwriting , I would have enough for a £ 335 Mont Blanc Meisterstück fountain pen in precious resin with a gold - plated finish ?
Yesterday afternoon I received a lovely letter from a correspondent that began : " Please forgive scribbled note .
I can no longer type . "
But why , with all due respect , should anyone ask forgiveness when favouring me with the personal touch of their penmanship ?
When did typing become better than handwriting ?
( To which question an irritatingly good reply is :
If you 're so clever , why did n't you write this article by hand ? )
Our very personalities seems to be slipping away when it comes to determining our identities .
True , even signatures can be hellishly commodified ( think of how Picasso's signature became the imprimatur of the boring Citroën people carrier ) , but they do at least remain distinctive to each of us , and an expression , whether we understand it or not , of some aspect of our character .
As the website for the British Institute of Graphology says on its home page : " As a child you were taught to write .
Why do n't you continue to write the way you were taught ? "
The fact that you do n't , it postulates , is the reason graphology exists .
Elaine Quigley , psychologist and chairwoman of the institute , says : " Pen and paper will always be necessary .
Everything changes but I think writing will survive . "
She would say that , would n't she ?
Her discipline depends on people disclosing their personalities via handwriting .
The death of handwriting has been greatly exaggerated , says Patricia Lovett , fellow of the Calligraphy and Lettering Arts Society .
" When the telephone was invented , for example , it was thought that there would be no need for writing , then this was repeated with the invention of the typewriter , again with the computer , fax machine , emails and , recently , texting .
At each stage some have suggested that this would result in the demise of the need to write by hand .
Yet so far , this has not been the case .
Even though some people may find typing easier than handwriting , putting pen to paper is something that children need to learn to do . "
But why , when we have so many other means of communicating ?
Lovett imagines a time when the electricity is down , your palm - held is on the blink , there is no sun to recharge the batteries and something essential needs to be written down .
" What is to be done - employ a scribe ?
I do n't think so . "
Sumerian merchants were the first to codify their transactions in a recognisable script more than 5,000 years ago .
They were alone in this discovery , archaeologists have long claimed , though some new evidence suggests the Egyptians were developing pictorial hieroglyphics independently at the same time .
( The less prosaic version is to be found in Plato 's Phaedrus , where Socrates tells the story of a god who offers an Egyptian king a miraculous aid to frail human memory .
The king is sceptical , as is Socrates who warns that writing will replace memory and argues that the truth that lives in the human soul will be dissolved in its translation into ambiguous inscription .
( Ironically , as Jacques Derrida pointed out , we only know of Socrates ' sceptical thoughts about writing because Plato wrote them down . )
The Sumerians used a stylus and wet clay to record the ingredients for beer .
The endlessly inventive outpouring of human writing thus grew out of commercial necessity .
Since then , the history of writing is one of a virulent spread of the written word , such as India 's 200 different scripts , or Japanese which has three scripts and thousands of characters .
But the story also cannot miss the wholesale erasure of written cultures .
The Spanish destruction of Mayan civilisation meant the loss of thousands of documents ; only four codices survive .
According to Steven Roger Fischer , author of A History of Writing , Hitler decreed that the Latin script should replace the Gothic , which had hitherto been a symbol of Germanic identity .
Gothic was described by the Nazis as a " Jewish script " , but quite possibly , behind this racist rhetoric were practical considerations : Latin script was easier to write .
In Britain , Latin handwriting styles were popularised in the first writing manual in the 1570s .
Early Victorians used a copperplate style with thick and thin strokes , but later in the 19th century , the " Vere Foster civil service " hand was most frequently taught in schools .
Only in the 1930s was the semi-cursive or joined - up style known as round hand developed .
Most schools now teach a variant of this .
But there are other national handwriting cultures .
Different national forms of handwriting are distinctive - British , French and American schoolchildren , for instance , write in entirely distinct ways .
In France an ideological row over handwriting erupted in 2002 when the education minister , Jack Lang , decided to stop teaching French children the traditional baroque handwriting because he claimed it had resulted in loss of legibility at speed and the failure of some disadvantaged secondary students to write at all .
Lang said he " felt it was time France had a clearer ; more businesslike handwriting for the 21st century " , while critics bemoaned the loss of a piece of French heritage .
Today , Latin script 's global dominance is intensified not just by the global stranglehold of English but because of computers .
Times New Roman is everywhere because it is Microsoft 's default typeface .
Writing and handwriting have grown apart .
Brian Dillon , lecturer in English at the University of Kent , writes in his review of Fischer 's book : " In a world in which most of our handwriting is as unreadable as ancient Sudanese , writing dominates as never before in the form of a technological spectre : Plato's ' dream - image ' . "
If that is the case , what is the future for handwriting ?
What , really , is the point of teaching our children to write , when most writing can be word processed and voice recognition technology can turn speech into text ?
There is a very interesting discussion of just this at the Basic Skills Agency website ( go to basic - skills.co.uk ) , a discussion whose chosen medium , one might think , proves the sceptic 's point .
One correspondent , Alan Wells , bemoans his own handwriting , before writing : " My point is , does it matter ?
I 've had two chairman [ sic ] who were major industrialists , neither of whom had handwriting better than mine .
It did n't seem to stop them rising to the top in business even though much of their rise must have been before the introduction of the word processor .
So is it worth schools spending endless time on handwriting when it seems to matter less and less ?
Could the time not be spent better ?
And so long as we have access to word processors why bother ? "
Quigley , though , is convinced that writing is a skill we will always need .
" There are lots of reasons to write .
If you have a shopping list to write for example , or a note for a milkman . "
Personally , I do n't know when I last had a milkman , still less when I last left him a billet doux .
A more persuasive argument for the maintenance of handwriting is surely that , as students learn this skill , they are building other developmental skills such as sequential memory and fine motor ability .
These fundamental skills assist students in other essential academic areas such as maths .
There is also a strong aesthetic argument : we should n't neglect the sheer beauty of which handwriting is capable .
As Professor Rosemary Sassoon , author of Handwriting : The Way to Teach It , says : " Handwriting is an imprint of the self on the page . "
The national curriculum , in any event , now stresses handwriting skills .
The four criteria of the Sats level two handwriting test are legibility , consistent size and spacing of letters , flow and movement , and a confident personal style .
But there is a problem .
Anecdotal evidence suggests that young children have fewer opportunities for developing pre-writing skills , such as balance , hand - eye coordination and muscle control , which can themselves be critical in developing good handwriting ability as the child grows .
" Doing jigsaws , modelling clay or stacking saucepans inside one another helps to develop these skills , but time spent on such activities is decreasing in favour of more passive pursuits such as watching TV , " contends Beverly Scheib of the Institute of Education , a special - needs consultant and handwriting specialist .
It is not only later in life , it seems , that technology is a threat to writing development .
Indeed , as reading levels have improved in recent years , writing skills have not .
The Department for Education and Skills , which set up a National Literacy strategy in 1998 , has noted that even though reading skills rose subsequently , writing did not until a concerted programme was subsequently devoted to it .
Thus , even as some disparage handwriting , the government is refusing to let it become a minority interest along with other skills such as scrimshaw or horse riding .
And not only the government .
In May , for instance , the National Handwriting Competition will take place and thousands of children 's handwriting skills will be judged for legibility , flow , consistency , individuality , layout and tidiness .
Perhaps this is one of those competitions for children that does not require rote performances ( handwriting competitions are very different , in this sense , from spelling bees ) .
Perhaps handwriting 's obituary has been typed too soon .
We may not be numbers after all .
The Lifelong Kindergarten group develops new technologies , activities , and communities to engage young people , from all backgrounds , in creative learning experiences , so they can develop the skills and mindsets needed in today 's fast - changing world .
Our work interweaves research , practice , and outreach .
We want to make academic contributions , but we are also deeply committed to bringing about change in the world and improving the lives of young people , especially those from communities that face systemic inequities and injustices .
jwacs presentation lispvan September 2006
Client - side continuations for web programming James Wright
Hi , I'm James Wright .
I 'm here to talk about the jwacs project , and also about why Lisp is a good language for implementing it in .
I 'll make the usual disclaimer , which is please feel free to interrupt me with any questions that might occur to you during the presentation .
The story
I 'm going to start with a little story about how the project came about .
It all started about a year ago .
I had read and heard a fair bit about continuation - based web servers ( like Cocoon , Seaside , or in the Lisp world UCW ) and all the advantages that they bring .
The main advantage that continuations give is what UCW refers to as " Linear Page Flow Logic " .
The basic idea is that the stateless nature of the HTTP protocol is one of the things that makes it a lot harder to write web applications than it really should be .
Each request is an isolated event , so for operations that span multiple pages you have to store enough information that you can pick up where you left off when the next request comes in
( defentry - point " edit.ucw " ( : application * example - application * ) ( ( page - name " WelcomePage " ) name summary contents ) ( cond ( ( not ( get- session - value 'user ) ) ( call ' redirect - component : target " wiki-login.ucw " ) ) ( contents ( update - wiki - page page - name ( make - instance ' wiki - edit :author name : summary summary : contents contents ) ) ( call ' thankyou : page - name page - name ) ) ( t ( call ' edit - wiki - page : page - name page - name ) ) ) ) ( defentry - point " wiki-login.ucw " ( : application * example - application * ) ( ( username " " ) ( password " " ) ) ( if ( and ( string= " wiki " username ) ( string= " wiki " password ) ) ( progn ( setf ( get- session - value ' user ) username ) ( call ' redirect - component : target " view.ucw " ) ) ( call ' wiki-login-for-edit ) ) )
For example , here 's some code from the UCW tutorial .
It 's an example of adding a login page to a wiki using " regular style " ( ie , no -continuation style ) .
When a request is made for the edit.ucw page , it checks to see whether the user name is set in the current session .
If it is n't , then it redirects the user to the login handler .
That handler checks if the username and password parameters have been passed in and are correct ; if they are , it sets the username value in the session and redirects back to the edit page ; otherwise it shows a login form .
( defaction edit - page ( ( w wiki - viewer ) page - name ) ( unless ( get- session - value 'user ) ( setf ( get- session - value 'user ) ( call ' wiki-login ) ) ) ( call ' wiki- editor : page - name page - name ) ( call ' wiki- editor - thankyou : page - name page - name ) ) ( defaction wiki - login ( ( login wiki - login ) username password ) ( when ( and ( string= " wiki " username ) ( string= " wiki " password ) ) ( answer username ) ) )
UCW and the other continuation - based web servers let you avoid a lot of that hassle by making sending a page look just like a regular function call .
You call the function to send then page , and it returns when the user submits the form ( or one of the forms ) that the page contains .
Once you can do that , your code becomes a lot more linear and cohesive .
Here 's the " UCW - style " ( ie , with continuations ) version of the same wiki example .
( In both cases I 've omitted the code that emits the HTML for the login form ) .
We check the session to see whether the user name is set in the session ; if not , we call the login page , which returns the username that the user logs in with .
This version matches more the way that we think about what we want to do :
When a request comes in , if the user is n't logged in then handle getting them logged in and then show the edit page .
It 's nice and linear , it does n't require us to decompose the problem into a state machine .
Under the covers , the that the framework accomplishes this is by saving continuations .
The answer call looks up the continuation that was saved when the wiki - login action was called , and resumes it .
This works even though the call and the " answer " executed during two entirely different requests .
The framework hides all of those details ; to the programmer it just looks like a simple call and return .
Unfortunately , this has some scalability issues .
Continuations can be kind of large [ 1 ] , and you potentially have to store a new one for each page request .
You can't get rid of them after the response comes back , either , because of back button , cloning , etc. , so you pretty much have to resort to using timeouts to get rid of them , which has a whole other set of problems : what happens if the user walks away from the browser and comes back after the continuation has timed out ?
They 'll have to start all over again .
Meanwhile ...
Meanwhile , I was also thinking about Ajax applications .
They tend to be a real pain to write .
The main reason for that is that XMLHttpRequest requests are executed asynchronously , so you have to either write a lot of event handlers which coordinate among each other somehow and which really obscure the control flow ; or else you have to limit yourself to extremely simple idempotent operations that do n't really have a " control flow " as such .
I would claim that Google Suggest is an example of that sort of very simple Ajax operation .
function userNameChanged ( ) { var uUrl = ' /userData.cgi?user= ' + escape ( $ ( 'userName ' ) ) ; new Ajax .
Request ( uUrl , {method : ' GET ' , onSuccess : userDataReceived} ) ; var user = null ; var institution = null ; function userDataReceived ( transport ) { user = parseUserData( transport.responseText ) ; if(user.institutionId ) { var iUrl = ' / institutionData.cgi?id= ' + escape(user.institutionId ) ; new Ajax .
Request ( iUrl , {method : ' GET ' , onSuccess : institutionDataReceived} ) ; } else displayUser ( user , null ) ; } function institutionDataReceived ( transport ) { institution = parseInstitutionData( transport.responseText ) ; displayUser ( user , institution ) ; } }
For example , in this code , we want to display some user information , and information about their associated institution if they have one .
So we set up an Ajax request to fetch the user data .
When it comes back , the userDataReceived handler is called , where we save the user data and then check if the user has an institution .
If they do , we set up another Ajax request to fetch the institution data ; if they do n't , we just display them without the institution data .
If we sent an institution query , then when it comes back the institutionDataReceived event handler will be called , where we will display the user data along with the insitution data .
You can see that handling asynchronous requests requires some pretty fragmented coding .
Even this extremely contrived simple example requires two event handlers .
Well , that sounds very similar to the problem that continuations help you solve on the server side ( making fragmented , asynchronous control flow seem nice and linear ) .
So I started to wonder : What if Javascript had continuations ?
You could abstract waiting for XMLHttpRequest responses just like UCW abstracts waiting for page responses ;
You could probably use them to get around some of the back - button issues that Ajax apps usually seem to have ;
And they would n't have any of the scalability problems that server - side continuations have , because every client is storing its own continuations .
In fact , you could have most of the logic running on the client , and just treat the server as an extremely simple data backend .
So I decided to add continuation support to Javascript , and that 's how I started writing jwacs .
jwacs in < some_short_amount_of_time >
Jwacs is an extended syntax for Javascript .
It adds 4 new keywords to Javascript :
4 new keywords : function_continuation , which captures the current function 's return continuation .
, which captures the current function 's return continuation .
resume , which resumes a continuation ( optionally with a return value ) .
, which resumes a continuation ( optionally with a return value ) .
suspend , which suspends the current thread .
, which suspends the current thread .
import , which is n't really important in this release
throw
It also extends the syntax of thestatement to allow throwing an exception into a continuation .
The user / institution Ajax code from before would look something like this in jwacs :
function userNameChanged ( ) { var userUrl = ' /userData.cgi?user= ' + escape ( $ ( 'userName ' ) ) ; var user = parseUserData( JwacsLib.fetchData( ' GET ' , userUrl ) ) ; var institution = null ; if(user.institutionId ) { var instUrl = ' / institutionData.cgi?id= ' + escape(user.institutionId ) ; institution = parseInstitutionData( JwacsLib.fetchData( ' GET ' , url ) ) ; } displayUser ( user , institution ) ; }
In this new code , we fetch the user data from the server .
If the user has an associated institution , we fetch it also .
Then we display the user .
I think this code is a lot easier to understand than the asynchronous version .
Synchronous server requests : fetchData
Of course , I 'm cheating here a bit , because I have n't shown you the definition of the fetchData library function , which is where we actually bust out all the new jwacs features :
fetchData : function ( method , url ) { var http = JwacsLib.sendRequest ( method , url , null ) ; //
Check for errors if (!( http.status == undefined || http.status == 0 || ( http.status >= 200 && http.status < 300 ) ) ) { var err = new Error ( " Server returned " + http.status ) ; err.http = http ; throw err ; } return http.responseText ; }
Okay , turns out fetchData is just a thin wrapper over sendRequest .
It checks the status code and throws if there was any sort of failure ; otherwise it returns the raw response text .
sendRequest : function ( method , url , body ) { var http = JwacsLib.getHttpObj( ) ; var k = function_continuation ; http.onreadystatechange = function ( ) { try { // Report results to the continuation on completion if ( http.readyState == 4 ) { //
Resume the continuation with the raw results http.onreadystatechange = JwacsLib.emptyFunction ; resume k } } catch(e ) { //
Errors are thrown as exceptions into the continuation http.onreadystatechange = JwacsLib.emptyFunction ; throw e -> k ; } } ; http.open ( method , url ) ; http.send ( body ) ; suspend ; } ,
For those of you who are n't familiar with the XMLHttpRequest , the way it works is :
You create an instance of XMLHttpRequest , set an event handler which is called whenever the connection state changes , and then tell it to send to an URL .
The object goes away and processes the request asynchronously , calling the event handler every so often .
So looking at sendRequest , we can see that we allocate an XMLHttpRequest object , and then save sendRequest 's continuation into a local variable .
[ 2 ]
Then we set up the onreadystatechange handler , which we 'll come back to .
We open the specified url and send the request , and then we execute a suspend statement .
The suspend statement ends the thread ; sendRequest is not going to return at this point .
Meanwhile , the http request is executing , it calls onreadystatechange a few times as it progresses , and then the request is complete , and it calls onreadystatechange with the " completed " state , which is 4 .
So we replace the handler with an empty function and then we resume the saved continuation .
At this point sendRequest returns ; the whole call stack is resurrected and execution picks up where it left off .
So it returns to fetchData , which grabs the response text and returns to whoever called it , so in our example it returns to userNameChanged .
If an error happens while we 're querying the http object , an exception is thrown into the saved continuation - that means that the whole call stack is resurrected and sendRequest throws an exception , which flies through fetchData since fetchData does n't have a handler , and past fetchData 's caller which may or may not catch it .
This is different from the event handler just throwing an exception as usual .
If the event handler just throws an exception , instead of throwing it into the saved continuation , then it 's the event handler 's caller that the exception is thrown to , not sendRequest 's caller .
Since the event handler 's caller is just the built - in browser code , that would n't be very useful .
So , we can see that the library function is a little involved , but not all that hairy , and it lets us express fetches from the server in a really natural way .
And of course once it 's written we do n't care how hairy it is anyway , we just care that we can use it and it makes our life easier .
I wanted to include a quick example of how fetchData is used in actual running code .
This is from the Calendar demo app on the jwacs site .
The app is a simple Ajax calendar ; here 's what it looks like .
You can create events by double - clicking , move them around by dragging , edit them inline , or edit them in a popup window .
( in fact , you can do all of these things at once ) .
function serverCall ( method , url , params , status ) { var currentStatus = status ; var q = url ; var connector = '?' ; for ( var field in params ) { if ( params [ field ] == undefined || typeof params [ field ] == ' function ' ) continue ; q += connector + field + " = " + escape ( params [ field ] ) ; connector = ' & ' ; } try { addStatus ( status ) ; var text = JwacsLib.fetchData( method , q ) ; currentStatus = null ; removeStatus ( status ) ; return unpackResponse ( text ) ; } catch(e ) { // Just passing through if ( currentStatus ) removeStatus ( currentStatus ) ; alert ( " Sorry , an error occurred while " + status + " . " ) ; throw e ; } } function fetchEvent ( eventID ) { var rows = serverCall ( " GET " , serviceRootPath + " / event - query " , {id : eventID} , " fetching event # " + eventID ) ; return rows [ 0 ] ; }
Here 's the code that implements the interactions with the server .
I 've got a fairly generic serverRequest function that returns the result of a call to the server , and then a bunch of little wrapper functions like fetchEvent for the various kinds of request .
function eventEdit ( elm ) { //TODO
Don't clobber the existing event if it 's unsaved var event = {date : dateToStr ( new Date )} ; if ( elm.id ) { var a Match = elm.id.match(/^event(\d+ ) / ) ; if ( aMatch ) { // Edit event event = fetchEvent ( aMatch [ 1 ] ) ; if ( !event ) { alert ( " Sorry , event # " + a Match [ 1 ] + " ( ' " + elm.innerHTML.unescapeHTML( ) + " ') no longer exists . " ) ; new Effect . Fade( elm ) ; waitForEffectQueue ( ) ; elm.parentNode.removeChild(elm ) ; } } else { //
Add new event event = {date : elm.id} ; } } var child = window.open ( " about : blank " , " addEvent " , " width=400 , height=500,toolbar=no,top=100,left=100 " ) ; var doc = child.document.open ( ) ; doc.write(calcEventEditHtml( ) ) ; doc.close ( ) ; //
Fill in the data if ( event.id ) { doc.title = " Edit event " ; doc.getElementById(" eventWindowTitle " ).innerHTML = " Edit event " ; doc.getElementById(" eventDeleteLink " ).style.display= " " ; doc.getElementById(" eventID " ) .value = event.id ; } else { doc.title = " Add new event " ; doc.getElementById(" eventWindowTitle " ) .innerHTML
= " Add new event " ; doc.getElementById(" eventDeleteLink " ).style.display=" none " ; } if( event.desc ) doc.getElementById(" eventDesc " ).value = event.desc ; if ( event.date ) { var d = strToDate ( event.date ) ; doc.getElementById(" eventYear " ).value = d.getFullYear ( ) ; doc.getElementById(" eventMonth " ) .value = ( d.getMonth ( ) + 1 ) ; doc.getElementById(" eventDay " ).value = d.getDate( ) ; } if( event.notes ) doc.getElementById(" eventNotes " ) .value = event.notes ; doc.getElementById(" eventDesc " ).focus ( ) ; }
Here 's where we grab the detail data for an event that we 're either editing or creating .
Note that we either make an event object up , or fetch it from the server , but after we 've either fetched or created it we perform pretty much the same operations on it .
( Opening a child window , filling in the data , etc. )
If this were written in the usual asynchronous style , everything after this point would have to be in an event handler for the editing case , although not for the new - event case ; I guess there 'd probably be at least two or three different functions involved depending .
Actually , calcEventEditHtml here is also using fetchData ; I probably would have written this code really differently if I 'd had to do it asynchronously .
Back - button handling : newPage
I 'd like to quickly show another use for client - side continuations : Back button handling .
Here 's a really simple application :
It shows the value of a variable , which you can increase and decrease by clicking on these links .
This is all running in the browser ; there 's no server interaction beyond loading up the initial page .
( this app probably looks pretty familiar to those of you who were at Avi's Seaside presentation :)
Anyway , the important point to note is that the back and forward buttons work .
Hurray !
Let 's have a look at the code .
import " ../lib/prototype.js " ; import " ../lib/jwacs-lib.jw " ; JwacsLib.initHistory ( 10 ) ; //
Only keep 10 history items var counter ; function main ( hint ) { if ( isNaN ( hint.newVal ) ) counter = 0 ; else counter = new Number ( hint.newVal ) ; $ ( 'contentDiv' ).innerHTML
= " < div id=counter > " + counter + " </div > " + " < a href='javascript:click ( - 1 ) ; '> DN < /a > " + " < a href='javascript:click ( 1 ) ; '>
UP </a > " + " < a href= '# newVal=44'>44</a > < a href= '# newVal=-21'>-21</a> " + " < p><tt>keyCount( pageThunks ) = < span id='thunkSize ' > " + keyCount( JwacsLib.pageThunks ) +"</ span></tt > " + " < p id='provenancePara '>< span style='color:orange ; '>
From user </ span ></p > " ; } function keyCount ( obj ) { var count = 0 ; var dummy Obj = new Object ; for ( var i in obj ) { if ( dummyObj[ i ] ) continue ; count ++ ; } return count ; } function click ( delta ) { var newVal = counter + delta ; JwacsLib.newPage ( " Hash Counter " + newVal , { newVal : newVal} ) ; counter = newVal ; draw ( ) ; } function draw ( ) { $ ( ' counter ' ) .innerHTML
= counter ; $ ( ' thunkSize').innerHTML
= keyCount ( JwacsLib.pageThunks ) ; $ ('provenancePara ' ) .innerHTML
= " < span style='color : darkcyan ; '> From newPage </ span > " ; }
We 've got a main function that sets up the display , a debugging function called keyCount , and the real meat of the application are the cunningly - named click and draw functions .
The draw function just updates the display based on the current value of the counter variable .
The interesting one is the click function , which is the onclick handler for the up and down links .
It 's what changes the value of the counter .
We calculate the new counter value , and then we call newPage , which just notes that we are about to draw a new page which should get a new history entry .
And then we set the counter and draw the new page .
The way this works is that newPage adds a unique hash to the current URI , and then stores its continuation in a map using that unique hash as a key , and then returns .
When we go back in the history to that URI , that continuation is resumed .
So let 's say we click up and the counter 's value goes to 1 ; we click a few more links , does n't really matter which ones , and then we hit the back button to get back to 1 .
The continuation that newPage stored is resumed , so we return from this newPage call with all of our locals and return addresses and whatnot restored ; we set the counter to the newVal that we had calculated before we called newVal ; and we draw the new value .
This is an example of where it 's helpful to resume the same continuation more than once .
newPage returns normally the first time ; then it returns again every single time we go back to this point in the history .
This is again obviously a pretty contrived example , because there 's only one piece of state in this app , so why not just put that in the URI instead of messing around with continuations .
But in more complex apps where you have a lot of state it might save you from having to marshal and unmarshal the whole world .
The Guts
Usage
I 'm going to talk now a little bit about how jwacs works .
In terms of usage , what the programmer does is write a bunch of code in the extended syntax with the new keywords that I was describing before .
That code is used as input to the jwacs compiler , which spits out a standard Javascript file that can be pointed to by an html file .
It 's not usually that simple , of course .
A jwacs file can import other jwacs files or plain Javascript files , you can give the jwacs compiler a simple template and it'll generate the html file for you , there 's different compression and combination options , etc .
But for now let 's just worry about the simple case .
CPS transformation
So what does the compiler actually do to get from the extended syntax to the regular syntax ?
What transformations does it perform to add continuation support ?
Well , there 's actually a whole pipeline of transformations that happen , but the most important one is the CPS transformation [ 3 ] .
CPS stands for " continuation passing style " ; basically , a function that is in continuation passing style accepts a continuation function as an argument , which it calls whenever it wants to return .
Direct style
( pre-transform ) CPS style
( post - transform ) function foo ( a ) { var x = bar ( a ) ; baz(x ) ; return x ; } function foo ( $k , a ) { return bar ( function ( x ) { return baz( function ( ) { return $ k( x ) ; } , x ) ; } , a ) ; }
Here 's a very simple example of a CPS transformation .
The original , " direct style " version of the foo function calls bar , assigns its return value to x , and then passes x to baz and returns the result .
When we CPS - transform this code , here 's what we get .
Notice that foo now takes an extra argument called $k ; that 's the continuation argument that we need to call when we return .
We still call bar , but now we 're passing this extra anonymous function ; that anonymous function will be bar 's continuation .
The anonymous function takes an argument named x , so when bar returns by calling this continuation the return value that it passes to the continuation will be assigned to x while the continuation is executing .
Inside the continuation we have all the code that used to come after the call to bar in foo ; in this case , that 's just a call to baz followed by the return statement .
The new , transformed call to baz also takes a continuation argument , of course , which contains everything in the function that followed the call to baz ; in this case , that 's just the return statement .
The return statement has been transformed into a tail - call to foo 's continuation $k .
So basically , this new code has exactly the same effect as the old code did , except that now all of the continuations have been made explicit .
The new keywords just transform into Javascript that operates on these continuations .
Statement ...
Transforms to ... suspend ; return ; resume cc return cc( 55 ) ; function_continuation ; $k return 10 ; return $ k( 10 ) ;
For example , suspend just turns into a return statement that does n't call the current continuation and resume just turns into a return that calls the specified continuation instead of the current continuation .
function_continuation just turns into a reference to the continuation parameter of the current function , which it turns out is always named $k .
And return just turns into a tail call to the current function 's continuation .
Complications stack issues
function calls as arguments
eg foo ( bar ( 10 ) ) ;
eg calling to direct - style code
eg document.getElementById
eg calls from direct - style code
eg , when we write an onClick handler in jwacs
This is actually a big simplification .
We 're making all these extra function calls when we return , so what about stack issues ?
How do we deal with function calls that take other function calls as their arguments ?
What if we need to call a direct - style function ( like any of the built - in ones ) from transformed code ?
What if those direct - style functions need to call cps-style functions ?
Well , I 'm not going to go into any of that .
But I just thought I 'd mention that I do deal with those cases . :)
Lisp benefits
I 'd like to point out a few of the areas where using Lisp was a big advantage for me .
parsing : DSLs and restarts
( defparser javascript - script ( ( program source - elements ) $ 1 ) ; Starting production [....] ;;
Expressions ( ( primary - expression : this ) ( make - special - value : symbol : this : start $s : end $ e ) ) ( ( primary - expression : function_continuation ) ( make - special - value : symbol : function_continuation : start $s : end $ e ) ) ( ( primary - expression : identifier ) ( make - identifier : name $ $ 1 : start $s : end $ e ) ) ( ( primary - expression literal ) $ 1 ) ( ( primary - expression array - literal ) $ 1 ) ( ( primary - expression object - literal ) $ 1 ) ( ( primary - expression : left - paren expression : right - paren ) $ 2 ) [....]
The first area was in parsing .
Thanks to Lisp 's ability to easily create domain - specific languages , I 'm able to embed a declarative parser grammar right in the code , which will then be transformed by a macro into a state - machine parser .
I 'm using cl- yacc to do this conversion .
The grammar definition is just a list of s-expressions , each one representing a production .
So for example this production here says that a primary - expression can be a left - parenthesis followed by an expression followed by a right - parenthesis .
In almost any other language , you 'd have to either resort to a seperate code - generator like bison or antlr , or hand - code your own recursive - descent parser .
In Lisp , I was able to just transcribe the grammar from the spec [ 4 ] and I was ready to go .
Lisp 's error handling was an even bigger advantage , because it turns out that just implementing the grammar from the Javascript standard does n't actually give you a standards - compliant parser .
Javascript has this notion of " automatic semicolon insertion " .
The spec says : " Parse according to this grammar .
Then , if you happen encounter an error , and there was a line terminator before the " offending token " , then you must try inserting a semicolon and see if that fixes the error .
( defun parse ( str ) " Parse STR as a Javascript script , returning a list of statements .
Semicolon insertion is performed according to the ECMA - 262 standard . " ( let ( ( lexer ( make - instance ' javascript - lexer : text str ) ) ) ( labels ( ( resignal ( err ) ( let ( ( pos ( token - start ( yacc:yacc - parse - error - value err ) ) ) ) ( destructuring - bind ( row . col ) ( position - to - line / column str pos ) ( error ( make - condition ' syntax - error : token ( yacc: yacc - parse - error - value err ) : expected - terminals ( yacc: yacc - parse - error - expected - terminals err ) : pos pos :row row : column col ) ) ) ) ) ( handle - yacc - error ( err ) ( cond ;; Irritating regular - expression - literal vs. division ambiguity case . ;;
If we encounter an unexpected RE literal , try interpreting it as a ;; division operator instead .
We do that by rewinding the lexer to ;; just before the RE literal and instructing it to read the slash as ; ; just a slash .
We then instruct the parser to throw away the RE ;; literal and continue parsing .
( ( and ( eq : re- literal ( yacc: yacc - parse - error - terminal err ) ) ( find : slash ( yacc:yacc - parse - error - expected - terminals err ) ) ) ( set - cursor lexer ( token - start ( yacc:yacc - parse - error - value err ) ) ) ( coerce - token lexer : slash ) ( invoke - restart ' yacc:skip- terminal ) ) ;;
Do n't try to perform semicolon insertion unless inserted - semicolons are permitted ( ( null ( find : inserted - semicolon ( yacc: yacc - parse - error - expected - terminals err ) ) ) ( resignal err ) ) ;; Semicolon - insertion case ( ( or ( encountered - line - terminator lexer ) ( eq : right - curly ( yacc: yacc - parse - error - terminal err ) ) ( eq ' yacc:yacc - eof - symbol ( yacc:yacc - parse - error - terminal err ) ) ) ( invoke - restart ' yacc: insert - terminal : inserted - semicolon # s ( token : terminal : inserted - semicolon : value " ; " ) ) ) ;;
Resignal as a jwacs error if we do n't handle the yacc error ( t ( resignal err ) ) ) ) ) ( handler - bind ( ( yacc:yacc - parse - error #' handle - yacc- error ) ) ( yacc : parse - with - lexer ( make - lexer - function lexer ) javascript - script ) ) ) ) )
I read that and thought to myself , " You have got to be kidding me . "
But in fact , it was relatively straightforward to implement in Lisp , because of restarts .
When the parser signals an error , I just check whether the lexer encountered a line terminator before the current token ( or the other cases where you have to insert a semicolon ) ; if so , I invoke an INSERT - TERMINAL restart with a semicolon as the argument , and carry on parsing .
The restart is invoked without unwindind the stack , so the parser is able to carry on because it has n't lost any state .
source transformations and pretty - printing : generic functions with multiple dispatch
Another big advantage that Lisp has is multiple - dispatch methods .
I basically have a single generic function named transform that I apply to a parse tree to create a new parse tree .
The basic overview of how jwacs works is :
read jwacs source parse it into a parse tree transform the parse tree to put all the functions into continuation - passing style , which gives us a new parse tree and then pretty - print the new parse tree to produce the javascript output
And of course , the reality is that there are a bunch of other source transformations that have to happen as well :
But to implement each of these source transformations , I just write a bunch of methods that specialize on both the transformation - type ( shift - decls , CPS , or whatever ) , as well as on the type of source - element that I 'm transforming .
( defmethod transform ( ( xform ( eql ' shadow - values ) ) ( elm identifier ) ) ( if ( and * shadowed-arguments - name * ( equal ( identifier - name elm ) * arguments - name * ) ) ( make - identifier : name * shadowed-arguments - name * : start ( source - element - start elm ) : end ( source - element - end elm ) ) ( call - next - method ) ) )
Each transform method returns a transformed version of its source element argument .
For elements that contain other elements ( eg function declarations , which contain statements ) , the transform method recursively calls itself on the child elements to build the transformed sub-elements .
As an example , this is a method in the shadow - values transformation , which replaces references to the special arguments variable with references to another special variable .
If arguments is currently shadowed , and the identifier argument that has been passed into transform has a name of arguments , then replace it with a new identifier with the new name .
Otherwise we just call the default method ( which will just return an unchanged copy of the identifier ) .
This is essentially the Visitor pattern .
However , unlike in Java , we did n't have to implement any of the plumbing of elements accepting a visitor and then immediately turning around and calling the appropriate visitor method .
There 's 45 different source element types in the parse tree , so that 's a pretty substantial reduction in boilerplate code .
source transformations : special variables
* shadowed-arguments - name *
The other thing to note in this code is that I 'm using a special variable calledto indicate whether this part of the code should be using a shadowed name .
The glorious thing about special variables when you 're walking a source tree is that the dynamic scope of the source - walker mirrors the lexical scope of the source tree that you 're walking .
So for example , if you are processing an identifier that is in an if - statement that is in the foo function , then the transform call for the if statement will be on the stack , and further up the transform call for the function declaration will be there too .
So tracking stuff like what variables are in lexical scope for the element that is being processed or what the current function is is pretty straightforward ; you just bind a special variable in the compiler when things come into lexical scope as you walk the source , and it will automatically be unbound when they scope out , because you 'll also be leaving the function that processes the element that created the scope .
Summary
So , to sum up :
Summary Client - side continuations hold some promise as a way to make it more straightforward to write web applications .
jwacs is a source - transformer that provides client - side continuations .
A number of Lisp features made implementing jwacs much easier , including : DSL support ( ie macros ) restart - based error handling multiple - dispatch methods special variables ( with dynamic scope )
Thanks !
Thanks !
James Wright
email : james@chumsley.org
web : http://chumsley.org/
jwacs home : http://chumsley.org/jwacs/ slides at http://chumsley.org/lispvan-presentation/
Footnotes
1 ] UCW requires roughly 400 bytes of memory per session plus 700 bytes per request / response iteration according to Marco Barringer
[ 2 ]
We 're saving it instead of just using it directly , because we want to use it in the onreadystatechange handler ; but if we reference function_continuation in the handler , we 'll get the handler 's continuation instead of sendRequest 's .
[ 3 ]
See , for example , the Wikipedia article on Continuation - passing style .
[ 4 ] ECMA - 262 , available at http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm
cl-darcs
cl -darcs is a darcs client written in Common Lisp .
I started writing it because the original client requires GHC ( the Glasgow Haskell Compiler ) , which is not available on all platforms .
Version 0.2.0 of cl-darcs can get a repository , pull patches , diff the tree , and record patches .
Testing and bug reports are very welcome .
You can read the manual online .
You can also get the code through Subversion :
svn checkout svn://common-lisp.net/project/cl-darcs/svn/cl-darcs/trunk cl-darcs
You can also use the SVN web interface .
There are three mailing lists :
By Magnus Henoch .
E-mail : mange@freemail.hu .
XMPP : legoscia@jabber.cd.chalmers.se .
Back to Common-lisp.net .
I have been teaching programming for nearly ten years now , to university students from the first to the fourth year , to both CS majors and non-CS majors ( all in technical fields ) .
I have tried to distill results from programming language research into these courses ( and wrote a book in the process , CTM ) .
Recently , I had two insights :
1 . The best year in which to teach a programming course based on programming concepts is the second year .
In the first year , students are not mature enough .
In the third and later years , students get conservative .
In the second year , they have enough maturity to understand the concepts and enough openness to appreciate them .
At UCL , we have been doing this for two years now for all engineering students ( more than 300 in Fall 2005 ) using a first - year course based on Java , and it works remarkably well ( better than I expected ) .
2. Students can be taught programming semantics in the second year .
This can succeed if : ( 1 ) the semantics requires very little mathematical baggage , just sets and functions , ( 2 ) the semantics is factored so it can be taught incrementally , and ( 3 ) the semantics is simple and uncluttered so that students can work out a program 's execution with paper and pencil .
The semantics of CTM is one example that fits these conditions .
The students consider the semantics the hardest part of the course .
I think it 's because they 've never been exposed to this kind of formalism , so they are a bit unsettled by it .
But I am convinced that students in any technical field should be taught programming language semantics at least once in their careers .
It should be as basic as algebra or calculus .
What do you think ?
I would appreciate hearing your experience and comments .
Here are the course notes of the latest version of my course ( they are in French ; there are English course notes too but they are not as nice for the second year ) .
I ’m a fussbudget .
Before I get involved with a business , it has to meet four rigorous criteria :
The product or service must shift the paradigm .
I ’m not interested in a “ me - too ” product .
The opportunity has to be a win - win - win - win for all concerned , and especially a major win for the customer .
There can be no losers .
In other words , no one gets exploited or cheated or short - changed .
Everyone involved must win .
The environment must not be harmed .
And the product must make a meaningful contribution to society .
The realistic possibility of making a breathtakingly huge amount of money must exist .
It ’s got to be FUN .
If a business opportunity fails to meet any one of these requirements , I decline to get involved .
I just know I would end up getting bored with it .
Now do n’t get me wrong – I do n’t mind starting from scratch .
In fact , I prefer to .
But the vision of possibilities embedded in an opportunity must fulfill those four criteria .
Needless to say , with those formidable hurdles , I ’m rarely attracted to a business opportunity .
Interestingly , one opportunity that met these criteria landed in my lap a few months ago .
But I did n’t recognize it as the rare gem it was .
That ’s because it came wrapped in something that I ’ve always avoided like the plague .
That something is “ network marketing . ”
Here ’s the story :
When my dear friend Allen told me about a nutritional juice product and the wonderful benefit he was getting , I was intrigued .
But as soon as he mentioned it involved network marketing , I completely shut down .
I could n’t find an exit from this conversation fast enough .
At that moment , another friend mercifully joined us .
To my great relief , I was able to politely and elegantly and immediately change the subject .
I thought I had successfully escaped .
I had n’t .
Allen invited himself to lunch the next day .
Now I love this guy .
I love talking to him .
And he is always welcome in my home .
But given my chilly knee - jerk reaction the previous day , I did n’t think he ’d ever mention network marketing again .
To my chagrin , I was wrong .
He relentlessly pursued the dreaded topic over lunch .
I tried to explain to him that I ’m an extremely healthy dude .
At 63 - years old , I swim every day , eat my nutritionally - minded , gourmet wife ’s fabulous organic vegetarian meals , and get plenty of rest .
My blood pressure is normal , bad cholesterol is low ; good cholesterol is high ; and the ratio between the two is ideal .
My PSA is low .
Nothing hurts .
I sleep well , do n’t get sick , and feel happy and content .
Why would I need a nutritional drink , I asked rhetorically ?
He was unmoved by my arguments and continued to pursue his agenda .
To get him to finally shut up about his damn juice , I agreed to try it .
So every day , for the next week , my wife and I dutifully sipped the suggested amount of his juice .
We were blown away .
My wife immediately lost her craving for chocolate and Coca Cola – two miracles .
She also felt significant relief from the arthritic pain in her spine .
I started sleeping much more soundly and was waking up fresher .
( I did n’t think it was possible for me to sleep deeper . )
And while I do n’t have any bothersome health challenges , I felt my body was being nourished , strengthened , and even rejuvenated on a deep , cellular level like never before .
I loved drinking the juice and actually looked forward to it .
Okay , I conceded to Allen , the product is truly great , even spectacular .
But network marketing ?
Let ’s get real .
The sun would flame out before I ’d even consider doing something as abhorrent as network marketing .
Or so I thought .
Buoyed by the product ’s excellence and motivated by Allen ’s prods , I started looking for flaws in the opportunity .
But the more I investigated the juice and the company ( www.exfuzeforyou.com), the more impressed I became .
The truth be told , I could n’t find any flaws .
This company was clearly trying to do everything right – from how they compensated those who harvested the fruits to how they formulated the juice to how they processed it to how they compensated their distributors .
I looked into their pricing structure to see if it was out - of - whack .
As far as I could tell it appeared completely consistent with other " traditional " business models I ’d been involved with .
The management team was experienced , likeable , dedicated , and sincere .
The company even had an impressive philanthropic mission .
And compared to others in this market space , this particular product and company appeared to be head - and - shoulders above the competition on every level .
Allen explained that the company was young and that even though it was growing at a rate of 30 % per month , it had yet to experience explosive exponential growth which he felt was imminent .
He counseled that the sooner I got involved the better off I ’d be .
So in a moment of weakness , which turned out to be a stroke of extreme good fortune , I agreed to become a distributor .
The investment risk of $ 1000 was miniscule compared to any other business I ’ve started .
And I reasoned that if the worst thing happened , my wife and I would end up a year ’s supply of powerful nutrition in our closet and that was n’t a bad thing at all .
Regarding fun : I soon came to realize that my snobby attitude toward network marketing was stupid .
I saw that some products need to be explained and network marketing is the most sensible , efficient , and cost - effective way of teaching the customer .
This system of marketing can also be really fun .
I ’m thoroughly enjoying the collaborative process with Allen and others who have joined us .
The team - play is exhilarating .
We are training each other and helping each other be successful .
So , if you want to know more about this opportunity and / or if you ’d like to sample the product ( I can get you a free month ’s supply ) , please send me an e-mail at [ email protected ] .
We can then schedule a phone chat .
In short , the product is great ; the opportunity seems huge ; and the team - like way we are approaching this makes it easy and fun .
Of course , as always , I wish you effortless success ,
Fred
At last , here 's the pictorial exposé of that picture of a rather normal - looking room i posted a few weeks ago .
To recap : here 's that normal - looking room —
And here are its creators :
The way this all got started was that metamouse and i were sitting around at dinner chatting about what to do for the upcoming room - to - room party .
We went through a whole bunch of ideas for room themes .
And then — you know how , sometimes when you 're bored , you look up and imagine what it would be like if gravity turned upside down and you got to walk around on the ceiling ?
( Does everyone have this daydream ? )
Anyway , we both mentioned it at the same time , and then it dawned on us that we could make it happen .
Or a variant , anyway .
I think sideways actually works better than upside - down , because then you can integrate real people into the scene in strange ways .
Here 's a nice shot of the ceiling .
( Note the sock hanging off the table — a stroke of genius due to my co-conspirator , metamouse . )
Some photos of various people enjoying the room :
How to Defy Gravity in Ten Easy Steps
Going to the movies is not what it used to be .
Security at the studio - owned theatres is heavy , it 's not a trip to be taken lightly .
But if you want to see the film everyone is talking about without waiting a year for the home release , you have little choice .
When you enter the lobby the first thing you see are long ranks of tiny , thumbprint activated lockers .
This is where you must leave all of your electronics , your personal server and peripherals , even your watch , and you had better not be wearing smart spectacles or contacts .
As you enter the security zone you 're scanned for anything you may have forgotten .
Cochlea and optical implants must be capable of responding with a coded RF identification signal to indicate their systems are secure and cannot record .
People with older models , or models implanted abroad where such interrogation is illegal , are turned away .
Perhaps they would like to see one of the older releases ?
Once through the scanner you must submit to a biometric ID test - this is where the known bloggers , hackers and spoilers are ejected .
Finally there is the non-disclosure agreement to be signed - these days most moviegoers choose to sign via the MPAAs annual subscription , just trying to take some of the hassle out of visiting the cinema .
Finally you get to see the film .
In the auditorium the audience is constantly scanned by an AI looking for suspicious activity , so do n't rummage in your pockets for too long .
It 's strange that all this effort to protect the movie industry has done so little to improve the movies .
You do n't really own your home computer , or even the data you keep on it .
Oh , you paid for it , just like you paid for the fibre - optic Internet connection that it can't function without , but now it squats under your TV using your electricity and does more work for the content industry than for you .
The nightly security patches it downloads for itself do n't secure your computer against attackers , they secure the system and software against you .
TV - on - demand seemed like a dream come true when you first opted in and upgraded all your hardware , but the slowly encroaching charges are becoming a disincentive to turn on at all .
Sometimes the last episode of a series makes up 50 % of the cost of the whole season .
The Internet is not what it used to be .
It 's expanded , naturally , the technology giving everyone mobile PCs with vast ad - hoc networking capabilities , it 's faster , more efficient , and more available , but it 's also more restrictive .
Since the ISPs were made responsible for the content they deliver their filtering has become neurotic .
Anti-terror , piracy , plagiarism and libel filters search every request and response for signs of illegal activity , always erring on the side of caution .
Wikipedia 's index has been decimated .
Popular blogs like Boing Boing now have more lawyers involved than contributors ( the one 's that have survived that is ) .
Even if you managed to get something illegal through the filters your operating system 's regularly updated self - check mechanisms would eventually root it out , or report you to the authorities , usually both .
These days it seems like every time you turn on one of your gadgets you have to fight with its DRM to get it to do what you want .
The home movie of your daughter opening her birthday presents is ruined by a patch of grey fog that shifts with every movement of the camera , tracking sluggishly to keep the TV screen in the background obscured .
From the codes embedded in TV 's update pattern your camera had decided the show was not licensed for this form of reproduction and blocked it .
You wish you had thought to turn it off at the time , but squinting into the camera 's tiny screen it had n't looked so bad .
Even once recorded , your own media is not safe .
Everything is stored on your home PC , trapped in the solid - state drive 's proprietary filing system .
Once there , the only reasonable way to transfer it is to another trusted drive from the same vendor - the DRM wo n't recognise any other brand of mass storage device .
In the meantime the PC constantly searches your files looking for illegal material .
A recent security patch has destroyed the last video of your father .
According to the email report you received that same morning the latest video and photographic scanning protocols had decided something seen in the footage resembled a new government building , the appearance of which is now classified .
You know for sure that there is no such building in the footage , it was all filmed in the old man 's living room .
But there 's no way for you to prove that with the offending shots turned to grey fog .
You just do n't see physical media anymore .
Too easily duplicated , their security too easily cracked , they 've been dropped in favour of heavily encrypted and vendor - locked streaming media .
You do n't ' own ' copies of any music or movies these days , instead your monthly subscriptions grant you only the right to temporarily buffer a few seconds of the distributor 's authorised files while you watch or listen .
Ultimately , that was the reason ad - hoc networking protocols and mobile PC technologies were pushed so hard , not because the customers wanted them but because the music and movie industries needed them to replace the vulnerable duplication method normally needed for such mobile media .
Physical bookshops are a novelty now ; they only sell works that are in the public domain , and only to a few die - hard paper enthusiasts .
Their prices rise steadily as demand drops and the printing and binding industry falters .
Tightened regulation has made it illegal to sell second hand books that are still under copyright - the bookshops will sometimes give the customer a few cents for old books , part of a commission they receive for sending them off to be destroyed by the publishers .
Public libraries have almost disappeared - unable to adapt to an environment where more and more books were only available in locked digital formats , they were forced to close all but the largest repositories - and even those are rapidly becoming obsolete .
The last book you tried to download to you eReader turned out to be incompatible .
The latest novels are now being streamed as well , one page at a time , and you 'll have to buy a new reader that supports wireless quantum encryption .
It seems odd that you 're old enough to remember when photocopiers were still legal .
The only way writers can get their novels read , or musicians have their music heard , is by signing with a content provider who will claim the work as their own and charge people for access .
It 's nearly impossible for artists to make money anymore .
The celebrities you read about , the millionaires who 's contribution to the industry was actually rewarded , are a microscopic minority .
But was n't it always that way ?
There is nothing to stop an author from reading a work aloud in public , or a band from performing to a live audience , but few beyond that space will hear it .
Hardly anyone has access to the technology that would let them record what they 're hearing , at least not in any permanent form , and even fewer have the means to share it once they have .
And god forbid the artists accidentally use a sentence or lyric already claimed by one of the corporations ...
Somewhere out there , hackers and open - source software programmers are still working , beleaguered by diminishing supplies of usable hardware , ever tighter controls on imports and the furious unflinching eye of the authorities .
They are constantly interrogated , their work searched for copyright and patent infringements , for any new technologies the content providers and national security services can't control .
They can write competitive applications , they can make the systems work faster , more efficiently , if they were n't so fearful , they could make it free .
What they can't do is tell anyone that needs to know .
By Imogen Foulkes
BBC News , Geneva
Millions have been displaced by the conflict in Darfur
Antonio Guterres called on Sudan 's government to allow a UN peacekeeping force into the country , saying it was time to put the people of Darfur first .
Mr Guterres also warned that the escalating violence was now a threat to the stability of the entire region .
Three years of conflict have left millions displaced and thousands dead .
The UN says the situation shows no signs of improving , and aid agencies say it is getting worse .
' Terrible disaster '
Despite a peace deal signed in May between the government and one of the rebel groups , the violence is increasing .
Attacks on aid workers occur almost daily - 12 have been killed in the last three months .
" I think we are facing a terrible disaster .
War is starting again , violations of human rights are massive , situations of rape - these have all kinds of devastating forms of impact in the lives of this population and make us feel more and more uncomfortable because we are not able to help them .
" We can not even have access to them .
This is unacceptable , this has to stop . "
Mr Guterres called on the government of Sudan to accept UN peacekeepers in Darfur .
Khartoum has so far rejected this , but Mr Guterres said the presence of UN troops was now urgently needed .
Aid agencies believe their work will be impossible without an international force in Darfur .
Privately many in the UN fear the escalating violence over the last few weeks is the build - up to a major attack by government forces .
If that happens , it could trigger another flood of refugees from Darfur into neighbouring Chad , where the UN refugee agency is already caring for 200,000 people .
Those camps are stretched to breaking point , Mr Guterres said , and a new refugee crisis along the borders could bring instability to the entire region .
Search in all text fields Search the subject fields Search the creator / name fields Search the title fields Search the number fields Match all words Match any words Match exact phrase Include variants No variants Results Per Page : records .
All images are digitized |
All jpegs / tiffs display outside Library of Congress | View All
About this Collection
The Work Projects Administration ( WPA ) Poster Collection consists of 907 posters produced from 1936 to 1943 by various branches of the WPA .
Of the 2,000 WPA posters known to exist , the Library of Congress 's collection of more than 900 is the largest .
The posters were designed to publicize exhibits , community activities , theatrical productions , and health and educational programs in seventeen states and the District of Columbia , with the strongest representation from California , Illinois , New York , Ohio , and Pennsylvania .
The results of one of the first U.S. Government programs to support the arts , the posters were added to the Library 's holdings in the 1940s .
In 2002 , Dave Winer of Scripting News and Martin Nisenholtz of the New York Times made a Long Bet about the authority of weblogs versus that of NY Times in Google :
In a Google search of five keywords or phrases representing the top five news stories of 2007 , weblogs will rank higher than the New York Times ’
Web site .
I decided to see how well each side is doing by checking the results for the top news stories of 2005 .
Eight news stories were selected and an appropriate Google keyword search was chosen for each one of them .
I went through the search results for each keyword and noted the positions of the top results from 1 ) “ traditional ” media , 2 ) citizen media , 3 ) blogs , and 4 ) nytimes.com .
Finally , the scores were tallied and an “ actual ” winner ( blogs vs. nytimes.com ) and an “ in - spirit ” winner ( any traditional media source vs. any citizen media source ) were calculated .
( For more on the methodology , definitions , and caveats , read the methodology section below . )
So how did the NY Times fare against blogs ?
Not very well .
For eight top news stories of 2005 , blogs were listed in Google search results before the Times six times , the Times only twice .
The in - spirit winner was traditional media by a 6 - 2 score over citizen media .
Here the specific results :
1 ) Hurricane Katrina hits New Orleans .
Search term : “ hurricane katrina ”
3 . Top citizen media result ( Wikipedia )
13 . Top media result ( CNN )
56 . Top NY Times mention ( NY Times ) .
61 . Top blog result ( Kaye ’s Hurricane Blog )
Winner ( in spirit ) : Citizen media
Winner ( actual ) : NY Times
2 ) Big changes in the US Supreme Court ( Rhenquist dies , O’Conner retires , Roberts appointed Chief Justice , Harriet Miers rejected ) .
Search term : “ harriet miers ”
4 . Top media result ( Washington Post )
5 . Top citizen media result ( Wikipedia )
8. Top NY Times mention ( NY Times )
11 . Top blog result ( TalkLeft )
Winner ( in spirit ) : Media
Winner ( actual ) : NY Times
3 ) Terrorists bomb London , killing 52 .
Search term : “ london bombing ”
1 . Top media result ( CNN )
2 . Top citizen media result ( Wikipedia )
21 . Top blog result Schneier on Security
No NY Times article appears in the first 100 results .
Winner ( in spirit ) : Media
Winner ( actual ) : Blogs
4 ) First elections in Iraq after Saddam .
Search term : “ iraq election ”
1 . Top media result ( BBC News )
6 . Top blog result ( Iraq elections newswire )
6 . Top citizen media result ( Iraq elections newswire )
14 . Top NY Times mention ( NY Times )
Winner ( in spirit ) : Media
Winner ( actual ) : Blogs
5 ) Terri Schiavo legal fight and death .
Search term : “ terri schiavo ”
2 . Top blog result ( Abstract Appeal )
2 . Top citizen media result ( Abstract Appeal )
4 . Top media result ( CNN )
65 . Top NY Times mention ( NY Times )
Winner ( in spirit ) : Citizen media
Winner ( actual ) : Blogs
6 ) Pope John Paul II dies and Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger appointed Pope Benedict XVI .
Search term : “ pope john paul ii death ”
1 . Top media result ( CNN )
3 . Top citizen media result ( Wikipedia )
58 . Top blog result ( The Pope Blog : Pope Benedict XVI )
No NY Times article appears in the first 100 results .
Winner ( in spirit ) : Media
Winner ( actual ) : Blogs
7 ) The Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip .
Search term : “ gaza withdrawal ”
1. Top media result ( Worldpress.org )
31 . Top blog result ( Simply Appalling )
31 . Top citizen media result ( Simply Appalling )
No NY Times article appears in the first 100 results .
Winner ( in spirit ) : Media
Winner ( actual ) : Blogs
8 ) The investigation into the Valerie Plame affair , Judith Miller , Scooter Libby indicted , etc . .
Search term : “ scooter libby indicted ” :
1 . Top media result ( CNN )
15 . Top blog result ( Seven Generational Ruminations )
15 . Top citizen media result ( Seven Generational Ruminations )
43 . Top NY Times mention ( NY Times )
Winner ( in spirit ) : Media
Winner ( actual ) : Blogs
And just for fun here ’s a search for “ judith miller jail ” ( not included in the final tally ) :
1. Top media result ( Washington Post )
3 . Top blog result ( Gawker )
3 . Top citizen media result ( Gawker )
No NY Times article appears in the first 100 results ( even though there are several matching articles on the Times site ) .
In covering the jailing of their own reporter , the Times lagged in the Google results behind such informational juggernauts as Drinking Liberally , GOP Vixen , and Feral Scholar .
Winner ( in spirit ) : Media
Winner ( actual ) : Blogs
Here ’s the overall results , excluding the Judith Miller search :
Overall winner ( in spirit ) : Media ( beating citizen media 6 - 2 ) .
Overall winner ( actual ) : Blogs ( beating the NY Times 6 - 2 ) .
Some observations :
My feeling is that Mr. Nisenholtz will likely lose his bet come 2007 .
Even though the nytimes.com fares very well in getting linked to by the blogosphere , it does very poorly in Google .
This is n’t exactly surprising given that most NY Times articles disappear behind a paywall after a week and some of their content ( TimesSelect ) is n’t even publicly accessible at all .
Also , I did n’t look too closely at the HTML markup of the NY Times , but it could also be that it ’s not as optimized for Google as well as that of some weblogs and other media outlets .
“ www.nytimes.com” has a PageRank of 10 / 10 , higher than that of “ www.cnn.com” ( 9/10 ) , yet stories from CNN consistently appeared higher in the search results than those from the Times .
The Times clearly has overall authority according to Google , but when it comes to specific instances , it falls short .
In some cases , a NY Times story did n’t even appear in the first 100 search results for these keyword searches .
By 2007 , it may be difficult to differentiate a blog from a traditional media source .
All of the Gawker and Weblogs , Inc. sites are presented in a blog format and are referred to as blogs but otherwise how are they distinguishable from traditional media ?
Engadget paid to send 12 people to cover the CES technology conference , probably as many or more than the Times sent .
The Sundance film festival was heavily covered by paid writers for both companies as well .
In the spirit in which this bet was made , I ’d have a hard time counting any of their sites as blogs .
( And what about kottke.org ?
I get paid to write it .
Am I still a member of the citizen media or have I crossed over ? )
Choosing appropriate news stories and keywords for those stories was difficult in some cases .
Katrina was a no- brainer , but was the Terri Schiavo story really one of the top eight news stories of 2005 ?
Resolving the methodology for this bet in 2007 will be tricky .
I wonder how the Long Bets Foundation will handle its determination of the victory .
Wikipedia does very well in Google results for topical search terms .
Overall , traditional media still dominates ( in first appearance as well as number of results ) , but blogs and Wikipedia do very well in some instances .
What do these results mean ?
Probably not a whole lot .
Nisenholtz asserts that “ [ news ] organizations like the Times can provide that far more consistently than private parties can ” while Winer says that “ in five years , the publishing world will have changed so thoroughly that informed people will look to amateurs they trust for the information they want ” .
It ’s difficult to draw any conclusions on this matter based on these results .
Contrary to what most people believe , PageRank has a bias , a point of view .
That POV is based largely ( but not entirely ) on what people are linking to .
As someone said in the discussion of this bet , this bet is about Google more than influence or reputation , so these results probably tell us more about how Google determines influence on a keyword basis rather than how readers of online informational sources value or rate those sources .
Do web users prefer the news coverage of blogs to that of the NY Times ?
I do n’t think you can even come close to answering that question based on these results .
Methodology and caveats
The eight news stories were culled from various sources ( Lexis - Nexis , Wikipedia , NY Times ) and narrowed down to the top stories that would have been prominently covered in both the NY Times and blogs .
The keyword phrase for each of the eight stories was selected by the trial and error discovery of the shortest possible phrase that yielded targeted search results about the subject in question .
In some cases , the keyword phrase chosen only returned results for a part of a larger news story .
For instance , the phrase “ pope john paul ” was not specific enough to get targeted results , so “ pope john paul ii death ” was used , but that did n’t give results about the larger story of his death , the conclave to select a new pope , and the selection of Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger as Pope Benedict XVI .
In the case of “ katrina ” , that single keyword was enough to produce hundreds of targeted search results for both Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath .
Keyword phrases were not tinkered with to promote or demote particular types of search results ( i.e. those for blogs or nytimes.com ) ; they were only adjusted for the relevence of overall results .
The searches were all done on January 27 , 2006 with Google ’s main search engine , not their news specific search .
Since the spirit of the bet deals with the influence of traditional media versus that of citizen - produced media , I tracked the top traditional media ( labeled just “ media ” above ) results and the top citizen media results in addition to blog and nytimes.com results .
For the purposes of this exercise , relevent results were those that linked to pages that an interested reader would use as a source of information about a news story .
For citizen media , this meant pages on Wikipedia , Flickr ( in some cases ) , weblogs , message boards , wikis , etc. were fair game .
For traditional media , this meant articles , special news packages , photo essays , videos , etc .
In differentiating between “ media ” & citizen media and also between relevent and non-relevent results , in only one instance did this matter .
Harriet Miers ’s Blog !!! , a fictional satire written as if the author were Harriet Miers , was the third result for this keyword phrase , but since the blog was not a informational resource , I excluded it .
In all other cases , it was pretty clear - cut .
By Paul Kallender
Toyko
The current Toshiba prototype is still too bulky
The technology promises to supplement or replace today 's batteries in laptops .
Instead of storing power , fuel cells generate electricity by breaking down methanol via an electrochemical process .
The cells can be recharged by topping them up with methanol from a cartridge .
Recently , Toshiba , Hitachi , Fujitsu , Samsung and Sanyo , among others , have shown prototypes that suggest that the technology is just around the corner .
It has taken time to shrink parts such as pumps to sizes small enough for the fuel cells to be commercially acceptable .
Square case
Toshiba started fuel cell development for PCs about four years ago .
It is working towards commercialisation next year , said Tomoaki Arimura of Toshiba 's Methanol Fuel Cell Group .
Mr Arimura gave the BBC News website a hands - on demonstration of a pre-commercial version of its laptop fuel cell .
We 've dropped it on its front , its back , its edges , and we 've found it to be extremely strong
Tomoaki Arimura , Toshiba
It looks like a squared - off , aluminium - cased bottle attached to a dock that wraps under a Toshiba Portege laptop .
In terms of volume , it is around a litre and weighs about as much as the same measure of water .
But it certainly performs well .
A small , plastic , brick - shaped 100 millilitre cartridge with methanol fuel that looks like an ink - jet printer cartridge easily slots into the fuel cell body behind the laptop 's screen .
At the touch of the button the fuel cell instantly provides power .
Toshiba says this will be enough for 10 hours of computing .
A program developed by Toshiba shows exactly how much fuel is left .
This is far more useful than the tiny battery mark and percentage on the toolbar .
Trial tests with staff in all sorts of jobs and of all ages ended up being favourable despite initial scepticism , according to Mr Arimura .
Some people fretted about the idea of methanol and liquid being so near the laptop .
There were concerns about leaks .
" Some people even thought there might be smoke , " he said .
Only a few dozen people have used the fuel cells for long periods .
But some liked it so much they did not want to hand it back , he said .
Safety features
The fuel cell is robustly constructed , despite looking so fragile .
It is designed to be about as durable as the laptop it powers .
Phase one models have had to prove themselves through drop tests to show that the fuel cell does not leak and still works .
" We 've dropped it on its front , its back , its edges , and we 've found it to be extremely strong , " said Mr Arimura .
Toshiba is aiming for a small and slim cell design
The fuel cell is loaded with sensors .
When suddenly picked up and shaken , anti-tamper sensors lock down the fuel cell to avoid leaks .
As it produces heat from the reaction , internal sensors make sure that it does not overheat .
After about two hours of use , the fuel cell was lukewarm to the touch .
The trials also highlighted the model 's rough edges .
The first becomes apparent as soon as it is switched on .
There are small but constant whirring noises and the persistent sounds of tiny clicks made by the pump and valves .
Some people may find such noises irritating .
Feedback from the trials showed that some thought the shape and size of the refills inconvenient .
Toshiba has been working on three key areas before commercialisation ; size , noise and weight .
Mr Arimura said the company was aiming to have a commercial version out in 2007 .
More power
While not naming the month , Toshiba gave a partial idea of the shape of things to come with its " flat - bed " fuel cell type .
This is similar to the pre-commercial phase II model that it displayed at the CES electronic show in January .
The one - centimetre tablet wraps round the bottom of the company 's thin and light notebook PC .
It should provide about 10 hours of power .
While Toshiba feels it has fully got to grips with the technology , the main question is how the company can build flexibility and innovation into the commercial models to make them appealing to customers , said Mr Arimura .
Toshiba has got pump , valve and other component makers to shrink and redesign key parts to deliver the smaller sizes the company wants over the next year .
Its goal is to include the fuel cell in the body of the laptop and develop models that will produce more power .
Paul Kallender is news editor of the technology blog , Digital World Tokyo
Enthusiasts have succeeded in rebuiling a Nazi code cracking device , signaling the culmination of a 10 - year project .
The replica Turing Bombe , a recreation of an electromagnetic machine used by British codebreakers to help decipher Nazi codes used during World War Two , was unveiled on Wednesday at Bletchley Park , the centre of British code - breaking efforts during the war .
Bombes automated the process of cracking the Nazi's Enigma code .
Enigma devices had three rotors , each with 26 possible positions , creating 17,576 possible combinations for each letter .
The devices tried every possible rotor position and applied test to weed out a much smaller number of possible solutions , which were then checked by hand .
The whole process relied on using a small section of ciphertext , to which cryptographers had guessed corresponding plain text in order to extract the likely settings used to produce a much longer message .
The Bombe was the brainchild of mathematical geniuses Alan Turing and Gordon Welchman , combined with the engineering efforts of the British Tabulating Machine Company in Hertfordshire .
Its design was based in part on earlier Polish code - breaking devices .
The machines enabled Bletchley Park 's cryptographers to decode over 3,000 enemy messages a day , giving the allies a vital edge in military intelligence that helped turn the course of World War Two .
Without this information the Battle of Britain and the Battle of the North Atlantic could have been lost .
Turing 's work helped pave the way for later development of mainstream computer technology .
It was only in the 1970s that the veil of secrecy surrounding the devices was lifted .
The Bombes used 108 electromagnetic spinning drums to test combinations of letters and reveal the likely keys to the Enigma code used in a particular message .
By the end of the war , boffins at Bletchley had built 200 Bombes .
Churchill ordered the devices to be taken apart after the war .
Simply acquiring blueprints for the devices took two years , according to retired computer engineer John Harper , 69 , the leader of the restoration project .
" We were fortunate in having copies of most of the blueprints of the individual parts returned to Bletchley Park by the GCHQ [ Britain 's signal intelligence agency ] , " Harper told Reuters .
" But there were no assembly drawings ... and the blueprints covered more than one model , so it was a bit of a paperchase to work out which drawings applied to which model . "
More than 60 volunteers worked on the restoration project , which was backed by the British Computer Society .
Wednesday 's media event marked the first time in 60 years it has been possible to re-create the way the supposedly unbreakable Enigma code was cracked using functioning World War Two equipment .
The commissioning phase of the recreation Bombe will be opened to the public on the weekend of 23 and 24 September 2006 , an event that will also mark the reunion of Bletchley Park 's World War Two veterans .
Special demonstrations by re-enactors in period dress will also be taking place . ®
Now that Microsoft has released some hard facts about Zune we can finally begin to sort out how much of an impact the product might have on the digital music market .
For weeks we ’ve been hearing rumors about how Zune ’s wireless capabilities will be used to enable new types of music sharing and discovery .
It ’s the one feature that could potentially set Zune apart from the iPod .
Unfortunately Zune ’s wireless music sharing is turning out to be one of those features that seemed better when it was just a rumor .
While Zune users will be able share music with friends , there ’s a catch ( is n’t there always ) .
As Jim noted earlier , recipients of shared songs will only be able to listen to them three times or for three days , whichever comes first .
It sort of sounds like a really bad tire warranty .
Zune accomplishes this amazingly stupid feat by wrapping shared music in a proprietary layer of DRM , regardless of what format the original content may be in .
If Microsoft ’s claims are to be believed , this on - the - fly DRM will be seamless and automatic – which must be some kind of first for Microsoft .
What Microsoft has created is a new form of viral DRM .
Zune will intentionally infect your music with the DRM virus before passing it along to one of your friends .
After three listens the poor song dies a horrible DRM enabled death .
Talk about innovation .
Microsoft will undoubtedly claim this limitation is designed to support artists and prevent piracy .
There ’s just one problem .
Not all artists want their music protected by DRM .
Furthermore , not all artists benefit from having their music protected by DRM .
While it may come as a surprise to Microsoft and the major labels , independent musicians frequently promote their music by posting unencrypted mp3 files on their websites in hopes of finding an audience .
If Zune is really all about community , as Microsoft claims it is , then it would allow music to spread virally , instead of DRM .
Meanwhile , if you ’re a musician who is more concerned with building your audience than you are with restricting access to your creative works , you might consider adopting an appropriate Creative Commons license .
Based on the item below it appears that Zune ’s viral approach to DRM is in violation of all of Creative Commons licenses .
It ’ll be interesting to see how long it takes before someone actually challenges Microsoft on this .
What happens if someone tries to protect a CC - licensed work with digital rights management ( DRM ) tools ?
If a person uses DRM tools to restrict any of the rights granted in the license , that person violates the license .
All of our licenses prohibit licensees from “ distributing the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement . ”
Creative Commons FAQ
Update : Since most of you probably wo n’t be wading through the comments below I ’ll address an issue that should have been included in the original article above .
It ’s been asked repeatedly how I know that Zune will wrap non-DRM ’d songs in a layer of DRM .
Confirmation of this actually came from Microsoft ’s own Zune Insider , Cesar Menendez .
This is from his blog in response to reader questions about Zune functionality .
I made a song .
I own it .
How come , when I wirelessly send it to a girl I want to impress , the song has 3 days / 3 plays ?
Good question .
There currently is n’t a way to sniff out what you are sending , so we wrap it all up in DRM .
We ca n’t tell if you are sending a song from a known band or your own home recording so we default to the safety of encoding .
And besides , she ’ll come see you three days later .
. .
Update 2 : Zune Insider Cesar Menendez has contact me with clarification about Zune ’s file sharing limitations .
See my latest post for more details .
A brain region that curbs our natural self interest has been identified .
The studies could explain how we control fairness in our society , researchers say .
Humans are the only animals to act spitefully or to mete out “ justice ” , dishing out punishment to people seen to be behaving unfairly – even if it is not in the punisher ’s own best interests .
This tendency has been hard to explain in evolutionary terms , because it has no obvious reproductive advantage and punishing unfairness can actually lead to the punisher being harmed .
Now , using a tool called the “ ultimatum game ” , researchers have identified the part of the brain responsible for punishing unfairness .
Subjects were put into anonymous pairs , and one person in each pair was given $ 20 and asked to share it with the other .
They could choose to offer any amount – if the second partner accepted it , they both got to keep their share .
In purely economic terms , the second partner should never reject an offer , even a really low one , such as $ 1 , as they are still $ 1 better off than if they rejected it .
Most people offered half of the money .
But in cases where only a very small share was offered , the vast majority of “ receivers ” spitefully rejected the offer , ensuring that neither partner got paid .
Advertisement
Fehr ’s fair
Previous brain imaging studies have revealed that part of the frontal lobes known as the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex , or DLPFC , becomes active when people face an unfair offer and have to decide what to do .
Researchers had suggested this was because the region somehow suppresses our judgement of fairness .
But now , Ernst Fehr , an economist at the University of Zurich , and colleagues have come to the opposite conclusion – that the region suppresses our natural tendency to act in our own self interest .
They used a burst of magnetic pulses called transcranial magnetic stimulation ( TMS ) – produced by coils held over the scalp – to temporarily shut off activity in the DLPFC .
Now , when faced with the opportunity to spitefully reject a cheeky low cash offer , subjects were actually more likely to take the money .
The researchers found that the DLPFC region ’s activity on the right side of the brain , but not the left , is vital for people to be able to dish out such punishment .
“ The DLPFC is really causal in this decision .
Its activity is crucial for overriding self interest , ” says Fehr .
When the region is not working , people still know the offer is unfair , he says , but they do not act to punish the unfairness .
Moral centre ?
“ Self interest is one important motive in every human , ” says Fehr , “ but there are also fairness concerns in most people . ”
“ In other words , this is the part of the brain dealing with morality , ” says Herb Gintis , an economist at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst , US .
“ [ It ] is involved in comparing the costs and benefits of the material in terms of its fairness .
It represses the basic instincts . ”
Psychologist Laurie Santos , at Yale University in Connecticut , US , comments : “ This form of spite is a bit of an evolutionary puzzle .
There are few examples in the animal kingdom . ”
The new finding is really exciting , Santos says , as the DLPFC brain area is expanded only in humans , and it could explain why this type of behaviour exists only in humans .
Fehr says the research has interesting implications for how we treat young offenders .
“ This region of the brain matures last , so if it is truly overriding our own self interest then adolescents are less endowed to comply with social norms than adults , ” he suggests .
The criminal justice system takes into account differences for under - 16s or under - 18s , but this area fully matures around the age of 20 or 22 , he says .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1129156 )
CHICAGO , July 14 - A federal appeals court on Thursday lifted an injunction blocking the resumption of cattle imports from Canada , after United States agriculture officials told the court that the animals did not pose a threat to humans from mad cow disease .
The order by a three - judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit cleared the way for Canadian ranchers to sell cattle in the United States .
A shortage of animals to slaughter has hurt profits at the largest American beef packers while forcing some smaller packing houses to close .
The Agriculture Department has not said when it would resume the cattle imports , and officials could not be reached late Thursday .
" Once the trade can resume , the normal balance of North American trade can be put in place , " said Rosemary Mucklow , the executive director of the National Meat Association , a trade group that represents American meat packers and processors .
" This is very good news . "
Muslim hush over Saudi destruction of prophet ( p ) home shocking
By : Nabil Raza
The home wherein the holy prophet ( p ) lived for 28 years
TORONTO , Canada : Secretary - General for Saudi Supreme Association for Tourism prince Sultan bin Salman bin Abdulaziz has condemned Saudi government plan to demolish Islamic signs and buildings in the holy cities of Medina and Makkah .
Talking to London - based Asharq Al - Awsat Arabic language newspaper on Sunday September 4 , Abdulaziz stressed that powers that be have no legal authority to touch or demolish historical sites .
The daily writes that operations of demolition of important signs in the holy city of Medinah are neither the first nor would be the last , as earlier seven mosques including Bani Qoreyza Mosque were razed to ground despite their religious , historic and cultural importance as well as their status in the period of Prophet ( peace be upon him and his pure progeny ) .
Four years back , controversy was caused regarding demolition of Mosque of Al - Imam Ali Al - Aridhi , grandson of Al - mam Ali bin Abi Taleb ( peace be upon him ) , in the holy city of Medinah because of its establishment on his grave .
Asharq Al - Awsat went on saying that different organizations for protection of archeological sites with agency of signs and museums on top of the list stood to stop destruction of Islamic , historical and cultural signs in the holy city of Medina , but they failed .
A number of care - takers for the signs , according to the newspaper , including Dr Abdullah Nasif , member Shura Council Dr Ayedh Ar- Radadi and Dr Anvar Ashqy , criticized steps to demolish these signs and called to protect the remaining Islamic sites and signs .
According to reports some of Holy Makkah and Medina 's most historic sites including a home of the Holy Prophet Muhammad ( peace be upon him and his pure progeny ) , are under threat from Saudi real estate developers .
Meanwhile , surprise has been expressed at the lack of reaction in the Muslim world at the impending demolition of the house of the Holy Prophet ( peace be upon him and his pure progeny ) by the Saudi authorities .
Renowned thinker Dr Anvar Ashqy said that not more than 10 percent Islamic historic signs of that which were present before expansion of Al - Haram An - Nabavi Ash - Sharif are left in the holy city of Medinah .
An op - ed article in Toronto Star , Canada ’s widely - circulated daily , by Tarek Fatah , a Pakistani - Canadian Muslim activist and broadcaster , finds it incomprehensible that while the demolition of the Babri mosque by Hindu zealots at Ayodhya continues to remain an emotive issue with Muslims , what the Saudi authorities plan to do has evoked no protest at all .
Fatah writes ,
“ What makes this demolition worse is the fact that the home of the Prophet is to make way for a parking lot , two 50 - storey hotel towers and seven 35 - storey apartment blocks ; a project known as the Jabal Omar Scheme , all within a stone ’s throw of the Grand Mosque .
Yet despite this outrage , not a single Muslim country , no ayatollah , no mufti , no king , not even a Muslim Canadian imam has dared utter a word in protest .
Such is the power of Saudi influence on the Muslim narrative . ”
The writer wonders if the lack of a response is because Muslims have become so overwhelmed by the power of the Saudi riyal currency that we have lost all courage and self - respect ?
Or is it because they feel a need to cover up Muslim - on - Muslim violence , Muslim - on - Muslim terror or Muslim - on - Muslim oppression ?
According to Fatah the cultural massacre of Islamic heritage sites is not a new phenomenon .
It is said that in the last two decades , 95 per cent of Makkah ’s 1,000 - year - old buildings have been demolished .
In the early 1920s , the Saudi rulers Aal - e - Sa’ud bulldozed and leveled a graveyard in Medina – Cemetery of Al - Baqee - that housed the shrines of the holy Prophet Muhammad ( peace be upon him and his pure progeny ) ’s daughter Fatimah Az - Zahraa ( peace be upon her ) , his grandsons Imam Hasan Al - Mojtaba ( peace be upon him ) , Imam Zein - ol Abideen ( peace be upon him ) , Imam Baqer ( peace be upon him ) , Imam Jafar As - Sadeq ( peace be upon him ) , and his companions .
A cemetery – Jannatul Moalla – in the holy city of Makkah was also demolished by the Saudis .
This cemetery included holy shrines of holy Prophet ( peace be upon him and his pure progeny ) ’s wife Sayyedah Khadija Al - Kobra ( peace be upon her ) , his grandfather and uncle Abdul - Mottaleb and Abu Taleb ( peace be upon them ) .
The house where holy Prophet ( peace be upon him and his pure progeny ) ‘s beloved daughter Sayyedah Fatimah Az - Zahraa ( peace be upon her ) was born as well as house of his wife Sayyedah Khadija ( peace be upon her ) were demolished in pretext of expansion project .
Fatah said , “ Today , the religious zealots in Saudi Arabia are not alone .
Commercial developers have joined hands with them and are making hundreds of millions in profits as they build ugly , but lucrative high - rises that are shadowing the Grand Mosque know as the Kaaba .
Today Saudi petrodollars have the ability to silence even its most vocal critics , but when all is said and done , history will render a harsh judgment on those who try to wipe out its footprints and steal the heritage of all humanity . ”
Writing tests is virtuous .
It 's the wholemeal bread of programming .
Do it , and you 'll be so much fitter .
Except it tastes like cardboard and gets in the way of consuming the yummy treacle sponge of programming .
But now I 've got the testing religion .
I view the lack of tests with the disapprobation of a reformed smoker tutting and huffing at the merest suggestion of a Marlboro Light .
How did this happen and how can I be sure I wo n't backslide ?
The moment of transition was the first time that a test saved me from releasing software with a bad bug in it .
The theoretical knowledge of virtue was translated into the palpitating relief of not disgracing myself in public .
After that happened a few more times , I found myself desperately uncomfortable with the idea of releasing anything that did n't have decent test coverage .
And so a virtuous habit is formed .
It 's not just driven by fear .
With the right tools to hand , writing tests can be a lot of fun .
You do n't always need to be " in the zone " .
If you 've got a spare half hour here and there , you can use it to increase the coverage of your tests .
Getting better at testing is one of the ways I 've become a much more proficient Rails developer over the last year of work on Expectnation .
In case it helps anybody else , I thought I 'd share some of the tools and techniques that are part of making Rails testing fun and effective .
Continuous testing
Whenever a checkin is made to our source repository , tests are run and the results emailed to everybody working on the project .
As with the " you broke the build " disincentive , you need to be kept honest by frequent running of the tests .
There are a variety of tools around to help you do continuous integration with Rails , most of which have some dependence on you using Subversion for source control .
In the event , I just created my own script to do what we required .
Coverage reports
One of the big mental hurdles with testing is knowing how many tests you should aim for .
You can't prove a negative : even if your tests are all passing it still does n't tell you much about the tests you have n't written that might fail !
We use rcov as part of the continuous integration process , and post the results to our project web site .
The pretty red and green bars give you some idea of when you 're starting to get adequate test coverage , and the line - by - line breakdown is invaluable .
Tainting strings
One of the easiest errors to make in Rails templates is to miss the call to h( ) , to escape any HTML in an output string .
The only real way to catch these errors is through automation .
The wonderful safe_erb plugin helps you do just that .
By using Ruby 's tainting mechanism for strings , it throws an exception if you render any external data unescaped .
One of the beneficial side effects of safe_erb is that you then become very particular about ensuring your functional tests properly cover every action in your application .
Tests such as get ' index ' , which before seemed mundane and redundant , are now essential , as you want to test for tainted strings .
In addition to the above techniques , there are a lot of fun shiny gadgets to help you write tests , such as ZenTest , but the three things above are the ones I 've found to be of significant value .
I ought to conclude with words of praise for Rails .
It goes out of its way to make testing an important part of the development lifecycle , and the availability of the of unit , functional and integration test functionality makes it easy to get started .
Every time I teach somebody about Rails ' testing features , they end up finding it very enjoyable .
Do n't forget , testing can be fun !
Christopher Wiechert 's page for Leading Edge Science On Health , Wellness and Anti-Aging Nutrition ...
Here in Portland , a smaller version of the big -city real estate boom has been in full swing until just the last few months .
House prices have jumped since 2000 , hundreds of new real estate agents have gotten their licenses and an old factory along the waterfront , once famous for making bright - red hot dogs , is set to be replaced with condominiums .
With many suburban houses now selling for $ 300,000 and up , young families have a much harder time buying their first home than they did a few years ago .
Still , housing has been less expensive this year -- as a share of local incomes -- than at any point during the 1980's , according to Moody 's Economy.com .
Beyond cost , many families who simply could not have bought a house 10 or 20 years ago find themselves able to do so , thanks to changes in the ways banks lend money .
In the past , a home buyer often needed to make a down payment equal to 20 percent of a house 's value to get a mortgage ; today , little or no down payment is common .
The most money that Tim W. Gilbert has ever had in his possession was $ 15,000 , he said , in the form of a check for a job he had done as a carpenter .
But he and his wife , Marjorie , were still able to buy a 1936 Cape Cod - style house this year for $ 176,000 in Poland , about 45 minutes north of Portland .
They took out two mortgages rather than making a down payment and they use Mr. Gilbert 's $ 5,000 or so in pretax monthly income to cover $ 1,600 in mortgage , tax and insurance payments .
Ms. Gilbert , a writer , home schools their daughters , ages 4 and 6 .
" I paid rent for 18 or 19 years , " Mr. Gilbert , 38 , said .
" We waited years and years .
We wanted to make this happen . "
If almost anything had been different -- if interest rates had been higher or if the bank had required a down payment -- the Gilberts would still be living in an apartment underneath a loud landlord , Mr. Gilbert said .
Instead , their house sits on three acres , and they get their tap water from the same source as the Poland Spring Water Company .
" We 're making this work , " he said .
" It does n't mean things are a lot easier , but finally we are in control .
It 's been a long time coming . "
A Georgia woman paid the equivalent of over
$ 7,000 for her recent fast food purchase using
the drive thru window .
was illegally
credit and " skimming " unsuspecting customer ' scredit and
debit card information .
" collector "
lose over
$ 7,000 through a series of fraudulent
withdrawals
from her bank account .
willing to pay " $ 1,000 for every 50 card
numbers
stolen " which translated into
$ 200 per individual
victim .
" transactor "
recruiting fast food drive thru
workers all across the greater Atlanta
area .
$ 7,000 return from an initial $ 200
investment
pay cash
citizens with
any information
or who may have now
discovered they have been
similarly
scammed after using a Taco Bell
should
contact the local police tip line
( 404) 583-3086
That 's right , $ 7,000 from the result of herTaco Bell purchase - not because she was veryhungry - but rather due to an eager identitythief who stole her account information .
It seems the identity thief , while working thedrive thru lane for Taco Bell , She was what we refer to as a simple identitytheftwho actually does not makethe fraudulent purchases , but passes the stolendata on to an accomplice who does the fraud .
As a result , she was rapidly capturing andforwarding the stolen identities to an accomplicewho would then utilize the stolen data tosubsequently defraud the unsuspecting customersbank accounts .
Unlike credit cards , your debit card tied to abanking account , can have unlimited liabilityup to the amount of available funds - especiallyif you do not contact the bank within 1 week orless of the fraud event .
This is how the Georgia woman came toEvidently this was a very profitable operationfor the identity thieves as the accomplice was The identity theft accomplice , operating as a , was later found to have beenengaged inNo wonder , with his ability to generate a , identity theft was a moreprofitable venture than most other formsof criminal activity .
So , our tip for today is it 's better tofor fast food purchases - especially late at nightwhen only the drive thru window is open at yourfavorite munchie haven .
Also , to aid Atlanta area law enforcement officersengaged in the continuing investigation behindthis latest identity theft scam , That tip line number is
Clinical Depression Treatment
A new breed of permanently ' cheerful ' mouse is providing hope of a new treatment for clinical depression .
TREK - 1 is a gene that can affect transmission of serotonin in the brain .
Serotonin is known to play an important role in mood , sleep and sexuality .
By breeding mice with an absence of TREK - 1 , researchers were able create a depression - resistant strain .
The details of this research , which involved an international collaboration with scientists from the University of Nice , France , are published in Nature Neuroscience this week .
" Depression is a devastating illness , which affects around 10 % of people at some point in their life , " says Dr. Guy Debonnel an MUHC psychiatrist , professor in the Department of Psychiatry at McGill University , and principal author of the new research .
" Current medications for clinical depression are ineffective for a third of patients , which is why the development of alternate treatments is so important . "
Advertisement
Follow eMaxHealth on YouTube , Twitter and Facebook Please , click to subscribe to our Youtube Channel to be notified about upcoming health and food tips .
Mice without the TREK - 1 gene ( ' knock - out ' mice ) were created and bred in collaboration with Dr. Michel Lazdunski , co-author of the research , in his laboratory at the University of Nice , France .
" These ' knock - out ' mice were then tested using separate behavioral , electrophysiological and biochemical measures known to gauge ' depression ' in animals , " says Dr. Debonnel .
" The results really surprised us ; our ' knock - out ' mice acted as if they had been treated with antidepressants for at least three weeks . "
This research represents the first time depression has been eliminated through genetic alteration of an organism .
" The discovery of a link between TREK - 1 and depression could ultimately lead to the development of a new generation of antidepressant drugs , " noted Dr. Debonnel .
According to Health Canada and Statistics Canada , approximately 8 % of Canadians will suffer from depression at some point in their lifetime .
Around 5 % of Canadians seek medical advice for depression each year ; a figure that has almost doubled in the past decade .
Figures in the U.S. are comparable , with approximately 18.8 million American adults ( about 9.5 % of the population ) suffering depression during their life .
About Interface
Interface is a collection of rich interface components which utilizes the lightweight JavaScript library jQuery .
With this components you can build rich client web applications and interfaces with the same simplicity as writing JavaScript with jQuery .
The collection is dual licensed with the MIT license and the GPL , which basically means you can use it for free for both non-commercial and commercial usage as long as you keep the copyright notice in each of Interface 's JavaScript source file .
Please use jQuery 's bug tracker to inform us about bugs , suggestions and feature requests .
About jQuery
j Query is a new type of JavaScript library .
It is not a huge , bloated framework promising the best in AJAX - nor is it just a set of needlessly complex enhancements - jQuery is designed to change the way that you write JavaScript .
j Query is a JavaScript library that takes this motto to heart : Writing JavaScript code should be fun .
j Query achieves this goal by taking common , repetitive , tasks , stripping out all the unnecessary markup , and leaving them short , smart and understandable .
Visit jQuery 's website for more information .
Judge says new royal book can be used in Meghan privacy case
For those of you who feel like experimenting a bit this morning , here 's a link to a perfectly good and working VMware image of a " One Laptop Per Child " system ( mirror # 1 , mirror # 2 ) .
Do n't forget that if you want to run that image , you 'll need to install VMware Player on your system first .
Here are some detailed instructions :
Download VMware Player ( Free ) and install it
Download the OLPC image mirror # 1 , mirror # 2 ) and unzip it on your drive
Double click on the " OLPC " Vmware config file
Tell the player it is ok to change the system ’s UUID and click through the error messages
Voilà !
You now have a fully functional OLPC system running on your box .
Here are some alternate instructions for those of you who want to try this under Mac OSX .
Have fun ! ( thanks Tuttle SVC ! )
If you enjoyed this post , take a few seconds of your time and subscribe to our feed !
[ GAS ] is updated multiple times per day and is enjoyed by over 150000 unique visitors each month .
Clustered grid computing software does not simply happen .
Efficient architectures must be designed .
One of the core technologies used by Google is the MapReduce programming model which allows for the processing and generation of large data sets .
By defining a scalable program structure upfront Map Reduce allows algorithms to easily scale across machines :
Our implementation of MapReduce runs on a large cluster of commodity machines and is highly scalable : a typical MapReduce computation processes many terabytes of data on thousands of machines .
Programmers find the system easy to use : hundreds of MapReduce programs have been implemented and upwards of one thousand MapReduce jobs are executed on Google 's clusters every day .
Doug Cutting the creator of Lucene and now an employee of Yahoo has been working on an open source implementation of MapReduce and called Hadoop written in Java which also includes a distributed file system .
Hadoop has already been tested on clusters up to 600 nodes .
Hadoop is a framework for running applications on large clusters of commodity hardware .
The Hadoop framework transparently provides applications both reliability and data motion .
Hadoop implements a computational paradigm named map / reduce , where the application is divided into many small fragments of work , each of which may be executed or reexecuted on any node in the cluster .
In addition , it provides a distributed file system that stores data on the compute nodes , providing very high aggregate bandwidth across the cluster .
Both map / reduce and the distributed file system are designed so that node failures are automatically handled by the framework .
Amazon recently released their EC2 Elastic Computing cloud which allows developers to acquisition computing power a the rate of $ 0.10 per hour consumed .
Recently work has been done to allow Hadoop to run on EC2 .
This combination will allow developers to write scalable algorithms and then bring up large numbers of servers for computing power which can then be then shut them down when they are not needed .
The Interface of a Cheeseburger
All things have an interface .
Shaping interfaces is shaping the character of things .
The brand is what transports the character of things .
When looking at McDonald ’s , iPod , or Nintendo DS it becomes quite obvious that the interface is the brand .
A 16 column horizontal submenu , I think , standing at the counter at McDonald’s .
I scroll left and right and put a simple cheeseburger in my mental shopping basket .
16 columns , yet so usable .
“ Cheezubaagaa kudasai ” I hear myself say , and glancing at the cashier display and the French fry machine interface , I hold my breath : Wow .
Why did I never realize ?
Being a foreigner in Japan , I come here because at McDonald ’s I do n’t need to deal with language .
I could get much better food in a similar price range if I were ready to think , read Kanji and explain myself .
But I ’m not , as I ’m hungry .
I ’ll Fill You Without Any Brain Stress
McDonald ’s is very easy to use , I then think , and the McDonald ’s interface looks the same all over the world .
Yes , that is why it is so successful .
A simple interface .
I do n’t need to think when entering , ordering , paying , eating at McDonald ’s .
McDonald ’s does n’t make me think .
That ’s what the McDonald ’s brand promises the hungry stomach :
We ’re sweet and we ’ll fill you without any brain stress .
Sandwiches can be complicated .
While checking out ( paying ) , I decide to go through with this thought , and look closely at the cheeseburger , and yes , indeed .
The cheeseburger has the easiest food interface one could think of .
No forks , no knives , no spoons , no plates , no chopsticks .
Like a sandwich , but softer and sweeter and above all : Standardized .
No alarms and no surprises when eating a cheeseburger .
Almost as simple as “ the only intuitive interface ” — the nipple .
Sandwiches can be complicated .
Standardization makes the cheeseburger ’s interface a branded one .
Only a McDonald ’s cheeseburger looks like a McDonald ’s cheeseburger .
I unwrap it and look at the bread and the meat and the ketchup mustard color pattern : McDonald ’s cheeseburger it is .
And while I chew , and the sugars start tickling my synapses , I think that I should print this cheeseburger on the back of my business card with a punchy new claim .
I walk home and start typing this article on my cell phone , going over that claim and reducing it to two words and a symbol , now , standing in front of my house door , I nod , looking at my nifty new claim :
Interface =Brand
In the meantime , sitting at my laptop going over that little article , I think : Maybe it is just a déformation professionnelle , as I deal with interfaces , usability issues and branding all day long .
I just ca n’t help seeing things that way .
But then again , if you can see the interface as the brand , the brand being the interface :
You might understand the success of modern branding concepts .
The superficialists might say that brands create identity through consistency , which creates trust .
Sounds logical , but brands are not logical , they ’re emotional .
If you see a brand as an interface it allows you to explore the notion of brand experience being user experience .
People do n’t analyze usability , they enjoy it or suffer through it .
Good usability means not needing to think in order to act .
The iPod was successful because it ’s pretty easy to use .
But then :
Where is the iPod logo ?
On the back !
The interface makes the brand .
The owner identifies their iPod through its typical interface ( click wheel plus screen ) , others identify the iPod through the white earbuds .
And that ’s one more reason why the Zune is basically a copy .
No matter how many features it counts , the Zune does n’t have its own interface .
Not from a 1st or 3rd person perspective .
It looks like an ornamented iPod with random ear plugs .
Copies can’t “ kill ” the original if the original is so prototypical .
Simpler does n’t necessarily mean less .
Look at the Nintendo DS and its two screens .
When I first saw it I was irritated — we ’re back to Donkey Kong multiscreen ?
What ’s going on ?
Not quite .
It ’s a different , particular , simple , and extremely usable concept .
Play in the upper screen , deal with the options in the lower screen .
The DS beats the Playstation Portable in terms of interface .
And do n’t even get me started on the Wii against Playstation3 when talking about interfaces …
The list goes on and on : Look at the Dyson vacuum cleaner against the rest of the world .
Apart from being a great performer , it has a unique , very usable interface .
Starbucks against suck ups .
It ’s a perfect WYSIWYG ( what you see is what you get ) .
Lego against the wannabes .
Coca - Cola against Pepsi ( compare the bottles ) .
Compare Google Search with its twin Yahoo Search .
Who wins ?
The original .
Strong online brands , such as Flickr , Craigslist , eBay , Youtube developed a unique , simple recognizable interface .
And they ’re hard to beat as their face is not a surface , it is interactive , it is an interface , it is the product itself .
Copying it wo n’t work .
You can establish yourself with a bad interface , if you ’re early and lucky or if you have the market power to force people to use your product .
See Myspace , Amazon , MSN , Windows , QuarkXPress .
Once you get to bthe e market leader with a typically complicated interface , you actually have a good shot at keeping your users , as they ’re so traumatized they would n’t want to go through another painful learning process .
Nowadays you have a better chance to become successful if you go for simplicity and usability .
And you have a good chance to develop a strong brand by just doing that .
Usually strong usability , simplicity and a clear focus automatically lead to a strong identity .
Here ’s a shocker : Internationally acclaimed usability guru Jakob Nielsen ’s totally anti-graphic website with all its geeky flaws and absolute usability approach had a strong identity .
Neglecting all notions of good taste , it looked extremely typical .
And that is branding .
Branding is not pretty , it ’s strong .
Take Craigslist for example .
Their standard link colors are not pretty , but they ’re strong through functionality .
Facebook is maybe an example of a very usable website that might go for a more audacious interface / brand identity .
In the mean time , I should print a Lego brick on the backside of my business card .
Or glue one to it .
With the claim “ Interfaces make brands ” .
Or maybe I should print that cheeseburger on the back and a little red box on top that says : Interface =Brand .
While we ’re at it , you might as well teach this non-native speaker which one works well as a claim :
Brand = Interface
Interface = Brand
Interface Creates Brand Experience
Interface Defines Brand Experience
Interfaces Make Brands
UI=Brand
Interface =Identity
Brand Equals Interface Not Surface
That branding does n’t equal creating a logo is a simple truth that brand consultants have been fighting for a long time .
Yet it ’s never been so clear : Brand equals interface , not surface .
Recently products are getting progressively easier to use .
And if you ask an information designer , this is happening because consumers are now Internet users .
The web teaches us consumers to consider usability when buying a product , it teaches the R&D department how successful a good interface is , it teaches Finance how profitable usability is , and it teaches the Marketing department that mere exposure is just a charlatanry that wo n’t sell products anymore .
The Internal Revenue Service , better known as the IRS , is the United States ' tax collection agency .
Since this federal agency serves just about everyone living in the country , it is n't surprising that it gets many calls to its customer service center .
Why Do People Call IRS Customer Support ?
People call IRS customer support for a range of tax - related questions , including :
Questions about and requests for tax forms
Questions about tax balances
Requests for refund status updates
Inquiries about payment plans and offers in compromise
Reports of identity theft or questions about communications allegedly from the IRS .
Scheduling a meeting with an IRS agent
Requesting help from the Taxpayer Advocate Service
Requesting information about free tax return preparation services
Best Practices for Calling IRS Customer Service
Unfortunately , many individuals have fallen victim to scams perpetrated by dishonest people claiming to be IRS agents .
Calling the IRS , verify that the number you have is correct .
You can do this at IRS.gov , which is the only official website for the IRS .
Scammers may provide you with a number and claim that it is for the IRS .
However , if you call it , you will be speaking to somebody who is working with the scammer .
In addition , do not rely on information , including provided phone numbers , from sent to you or websites other than IRS.gov .
The IRS 's website provides a list of numbers for specific divisions and concerns .
If you are calling regarding your own taxes , there is a different number than for those individuals who are calling on behalf of someone else .
In addition , there are separate lines for those who are calling on behalf of a deceased person 's estate , as well as lines for people seeking free help with tax return preparation or the Taxpayer Advocate Service .
Callers to the IRS are required to provide information to the IRS that can establish the caller 's identity .
A list of required information and documentation for different types of calls can be found on the IRS website , but typically includes :
The taxpayer 's Social Security Number or taxpayer - identification number plus his or her birthdate .
Copies of his or her most recent tax return as well as the tax return he or she is calling about .
IRS correspondence
Forms permitting the caller to contact the IRS on behalf of another person .
The IRS notes that calls during taxpayer season , January through April , can have wait times of up to 15 minutes .
Calls made in May through December can have wait times of up to 27 minutes .
IRS agents will provide you with their name and badge number when you call .
Make sure you have pen and paper handy to record this information in case you need to take further action or escalate your concerns .
How Do People Feel About Their Calls to IRS Customer Support ?
While the IRS may have a fierce reputation , many people actually report positive experiences with IRS phone representatives .
Callers report being treated courteously and being provided with realistic options for dealing with tax questions and issues .
What Kind of Issues Can IRS Customer Support Resolve ?
IRS customer service representatives can help with a range of issues , including :
Providing callers with tax balances and refund status updates
Setting up payment arrangements
Discussing alternate options for dealing with taxes
Making changes to current payment arrangements
Answering questions about appeals and enforcement actions
What Can't Be Resolved by Phone With the IRS ?
IRS phone agents cannot provide you with legal or accounting advice .
If you have questions about tax obligations or pending tax cases , you will need to speak with a tax return specialist , accountant or attorney .
In some cases , you will need to fill out and sign forms that must be returned to the IRS by mail .
What Can I Do If I Am Unhappy With My Call to the IRS ?
If you hang up the phone with the IRS feeling frustrated , do n't lose heart .
There may still be ways to get your questions answered or to resolve your IRS issues .
The DNA came from a chimp called Clint ( Image : Yerkes National Primate Research Center )
The scientists say the information is a milestone in the quest to discover what sets us apart from other animals .
A comparison shows chimps and humans to be almost 99 % identical in the most important areas of their " life codes " .
The team tells Nature magazine that future research will tease out the significance of the few differences .
The study was undertaken by an international group called the Chimpanzee Sequencing and Analysis Consortium , which was made up of 67 scientists at 23 research institutions in the US , Germany , Italy , Israel and Spain .
Fundamental questions
The work provides a catalogue of the genetic differences that have arisen since humans and chimpanzees diverged from a common ancestor some six million years ago .
" As our closest living evolutionary relatives , chimpanzees are especially suited to teaching us about ourselves , " said the study 's senior author , Robert Waterston , chair of the Department of Genome Sciences of the University of Washington School of Medicine in Seattle .
The researchers hope that by elaborating those few points of separation , they will also increase pressure to save chimpanzees and other great apes in the wild .
The study shows that our genomes are startlingly similar .
We differ by only 1.2 % in terms of the genes that code for the proteins which build and maintain our bodies .
This rises to about 4 % , when non-coding or " junk " DNA is taken into account .
The long - term goal of the project is to pinpoint the genetic changes that led to human characteristics such as complex language , walking upright on two feet , a large brain and tool use .
Medical gain
Comparing our genome with other species provides a treasure trove of information for understanding human biology and evolution .
" As the sequences of other mammals and primates emerge in the next couple of years , we will be able to determine what DNA sequence changes are specific to the human lineage , " said the study 's lead author , Tarjei Mikkelsen , at the Broad Institute of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University .
CHIMP DNA - PAN TROGLODYTES
The double - stranded DNA molecule is held together by four chemical components called bases Adenine ( A ) bonds with thymine ( T ) ; cytosine ( C ) bonds with guanine ( G ) Groupings of these letters form the " code of life " ; there are estimated to be about 3.1 billion base pairs in the chimp genome wound into 25 distinct bundles , or chromosomes Written in the DNA are some 25,000 genes which chimp cells use as templates to make proteins ; these sophisticated molecules build and maintain the animal 's body
There should be significant gains for medicine .
Already , it can be seen that three key genes involved in inflammation - a root cause of many human diseases - appear to be absent from chimps .
This could explain some of the known differences between chimps and humans affecting immune and inflammatory responses .
Humans , on the other hand , seem to have lost a functioning caspase - 12 gene , which may protect other animals against Alzheimer 's disease .
The DNA for the study came from the blood of a male chimp called Clint , who was housed at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center in Atlanta .
The chimp died from heart failure last year but some of his cells have been preserved for future research .
The species studied is the common chimpanzee ( Pan troglodytes ) .
Its only sister species is the pygmy chimpanzee , or bonobo ( Pan paniscus ) .
The chimp's is one of more than two dozen mammalian genomes that have or are currently being sequenced and analysed , including the mouse , the rat , the dog and the cow .
Content on sites such asandis user - generated , which has given a whole new dimension to the viral sharing of music videos across the web .
Such websites allow music videos to be distributed without any approval from the recording companies .
This has caught the attention of the , and in recent weeks , it has been stepping up its efforts to stop sharing of popular videos on YouTube .
The site , which boasts over 6 million visitors and 40 million streams per day , has become a harbor for unlicensed music videos , much of which is coming frombroadcasts which are recorded by users withand other digital video recorders and posted onto the site .
The RIAA recently dealt cease - and - desist letters to some YouTube users caught sharing unlicensed music videos of popular artists .
Links to videos taken down by the RIAA now give the greeting , The major labels believe that it's the responsibility of such sites to monitor the content passing through their own communities .
But so far , they have been targeting only individuals who use these sites to share popular music videos .
The problem with this seems to be that many of the videos that the major labels have requested be removed have quickly reappeared on the site within days , and industry sources believe this supports the requirement for stricter filtering by all viral video specialists .
Both the RIAA and YouTube have declined to comment .
Okay peeps , I ’m sure most of you know how to use Limewire and Bittorrent these days .
But , I ’ll bet you have n’t used Google to perform a quick Mp3 search for the nagging song that ’s been stuck in your head all day .
The truth is that Google can be used to conduct a search for almost any file type , including Mp3s , PDFs , and videos .
This functionality has been available for a long time , but most users have n’t caught on to it .
So here ’s a quick example of how to use Google to search for Mp3s .
It ’s like turning Google into the Napster of 2000 .
The following is a Google search string for searching open web directories containing downloadable Nirvana music files .
Substitute the term Nirvana in the search string for any other band of your liking .
You can always bookmark the search result for future use .
- inurl : ( htm|html|php ) intitle : ” index of ” + ” last modified ” +” parent directory ” + description +size +( wma|mp3 ) “ Nirvana ”
With some very slight modifications the same search string can easily be used to search for ebooks in DOC and PDF format :
- inurl : ( htm|html|php ) intitle : ” index of ” + ” last modified ” +” parent directory ” + description + size +( pdf|doc ) “ george orwell 1984 ”
Or perhaps your looking for some specific video file :
- inurl : ( htm|html|php ) intitle : ” index of ” + ” last modified ” +” parent directory ” + description + size +( mpg|wmv ) “ towelie ”
You can check the official Google Advanced Search Operators page for further details on editing this search string to meet your specific needs .
Enjoy yourselves !
For more awesome Google hacks and tricks , check out :
NEW – Check out our Google File Search Interface :
Google 2 Napster File Search ( Mp3 , MPG , AVI , PDF , ZIP , Torrent )
A simple web interface using advanced Google file search queries .
Bill Maher was on fire last night with New Rules .
He closed the show with a four minute diatribe aimed at the neocons at PNAC and the Heritage Foundation for being disastrously wrong on every foreign policy prediction they 've made regarding Iraq and the GWOT .
Download - WMP Download -QT
Maher :
And finally , new rule in two parts : ( A ) You can't call yourself a think tank if all your ideas are stupid ; and ( B ) If you 're someone from one of these think tanks that dreamed up the Iraq War and who predicted that we'd be greeted as liberators , and that we would n't need a lot of troops , and that Iraqi oil would pay for the war , that the WMD 's would be found , that the looting was n't problematic , that the mission was accomplished , that the insurgency was in its last throes , that things would get better after the people voted , after the government was formed , after we got Saddam , after we got his kids , after we got Zarqawi , and that whole bloody mess would n't turn into a civil war , you have to stop making predictions .
Inspire your class , read our suggestions !
Can you beat it ?
Times Tables
Print out The Times Tables and stick them in your exercise book .
Test Your Tables with an interactive quiz .
South Korea , perhaps more than any other country , is transforming itself through technology .
About 17 million of the 48 million South Koreans belong to Cyworld , a Web - based service that is a sort of parallel universe where everyone is interconnected through home pages .
The interconnectivity has changed the way and speed with which opinions are formed , about everything from fashion to politics , technology and social science experts said .
Chang Duk Jin , a sociologist at Seoul National University who has studied the effects of technology on society , said it had profoundly influenced domestic politics .
Two years ago , after the opposition - led National Assembly impeached President Roh Moo Hyun , a consensus began forming on the Internet that the move was politically motivated -- two hours after the vote took place , Mr. Chang said .
" That quickly led to mass demonstrations , " he said .
" That kind of thing had never happened in Korea before .
Everyone is connected to everyone else , so issues spread very fast and kind of unpredictably . "
There has been at least one unpredictable side effect : fierce witch hunts .
In a case that caused national soul - searching , a woman riding the subway with her dog last year refused to clean up after it defecated in the car .
One angry passenger photographed her with a camera - equipped cellphone and later posted the photos .
Soon , all of wired South Korea seemed to be on the hunt for " Dog Poop Girl . "
Several misidentified women were verbally attacked , and finally the woman herself was identified on the Internet and humiliated as the topic of countless online discussions .
Such problems have led the government to consider curbing anonymity on the Internet , a proposal that has drawn strong opposition here .
In another response , in February , the government released a 256 - page " IT Ethics " textbook for junior and high school students .
Teachers are expected to spend 30 hours instructing from the textbook , whose chapters include " Healthy Mobile Phone Culture , " and " Protecting Personal Privacy . "
" Education has lagged behind the technology , " said Park Jung Ho , a professor of computer science at Sunmoon University here .
The government , though , is pushing ahead relentlessly .
It has drawn a precise timetable on specific technologies to develop or invent , one of them robotics .
The proposed burqa ban comes ahead of Dutch elections
Dutch Muslim groups say a ban would make the country 's one million Muslims feel victimised and alienated .
The Dutch cabinet said burqas - a full body covering that also obscures the face - disturb public order and safety .
The decision comes days ahead of elections which the ruling centre - right coalition is expected to win .
The proposed ban would apply to wearing the burqa in the street , and in trains , schools , buses and law courts in the Netherlands .
Other forms of face coverings , such as veils , and crash helmets with visors that obscure the face , would also be covered by a ban .
Immigration Minister Rita Verdonk , who is known for her tough policies , said it was important that all people in the Netherlands were able to see and identify each other clearly to promote integration and tolerance .
Last year a majority of MPs in the Dutch parliament said they were in favour of a ban .
An estimated 6 % of 16 million people living in the Netherlands are Muslims .
But there are thought to be fewer than 100 women who choose to wear the burqa , a traditional Islamic form of dress .
Civil rights debate
The latest move came after an expert committee judged that it would not contravene Dutch law .
Ms Verdonk insisted the burqa was not an acceptable part of public life in the Netherlands .
" The Cabinet finds it undesirable that face - covering clothing - including the burqa - is worn in public places for reasons of public order , security and protection of citizens , " she said .
The minister told the BBC that social interaction would be easier if faces were not covered .
" It is very important that we can see each other and can communicate with each other .
Because we are so tolerant we want to respect each other . "
Critics of the proposed ban say it would violate civil rights .
The main Muslim organisation in the Netherlands , CMO , said the plan was an " over- reaction to a very marginal problem " , the Associated Press reported .
Naima Azough , an MP with the opposition Green party who is also Muslim , said the ban was not in keeping with the country 's history of tolerance and said the Dutch government was playing on people 's fears of Islamic extremism to win votes .
" It has to do with radicalisation , it has to do with fears and the absolute reality of radicalisation amongst Muslim youngsters .
" The problem is only that you can't say that every person wearing a niqab or hijab or burqa - whatever you call it - is a radical , " she said .
The Mayor of Amsterdam , Job Cohen , said he opposed the wearing of burqas in public and said women wearing one who failed to get a job should not expect welfare benefits .
" From the perspective of integration and communication , it is obviously very bad because you can't see each other so the fewer the better .
" But actually hardly anybody wears one ...
The fuss is much bigger than the number of people concerned , " he said .
Tension
The issue of the type of clothing worn by Muslim women has become a hotly - debated subject in a range of European countries .
France has passed a law banning religious symbols , including Muslim headscarves , from schools .
Find out about different styles of Muslim headscarf
In graphics
Italy has banned face - coverings , resurrecting old laws passed to combat domestic terrorism , while citing new security fears .
The issue of Muslim women 's dress also surfaced in the UK , when former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw sparked controversy when he said he felt uncomfortable talking to someone whose face he could not see .
The Dutch relationship with its Muslim community has been under scrutiny since the murder of film - maker Theo van Gogh by Islamic extremists in November 2004 .
Earlier this year Ms Verdonk clashed with a minority party in the governing coalition over her handling of the citizenship case of Somali- born Dutch MP Ayaan Hirsi Ali .
The MP scripted a controversial film about the treatment of women in Islamic society , directed by van Gogh before he was killed .
But she admitted lying on her 1992 application for Dutch citizenship , and Ms Verdonk initially called for the MP to be deported .
Model writes book solely on the computers in Apple store
Dig this : Isobella Jade is 5 ’ 2 ” struggling model who recently wrote a memoir about her life experiences — entirely on the computers at a Manhattan Apple store .
Apparently Jade has been homeless , so she does n’t have a place to own or store a computer .
One day she walked into the Apple store to check her Yahoo mail , and started writing notes about her life .
She never stopped , wrote an entire book , aned now she ’s shopping it around .
FishbowlNY broke the story yesterday , and today they conducted an interview with her via email — also written , presumably , from the Apple store .
An excerpt :
I stood at the Apple Store infront of a 17inch computer the one that I call “ mine . ”
I had been going to the store at the time for about 9 months .
As I stood in heels for up to 2 hours at a time , my contacts and my mouth would go dry and without a blink of the eye I would pace back and forth from writing about my experiences to DOING the experience and the daily tasks of responding to emails , researching modeling jobs and places to send my comp cards .
I was always in a rush running into and out of the Apple Store up to 3 times a day … I have laughed out loud over it , typed frantically and received comments from employees to slow down and breath while I was staring at the screen viciously , vigorously .
Sometimes asking a business man how to spell a word or two …
I love it .
Personally , I ’d been waiting for someone to get $ 10 million in VC funding for a Web 2.0 startup they created entirely inside an Apple store .
You ’d have pretty excellent business cards , eh ?
Disqus
... making Linux just a little more fun !
Build a Six-headed , Six-user Linux System
By Bob Smith
Introduction
A Multi-Seat Linux Box :
This tutorial shows how to build a multi-head , multi-user Linux box using a recent distribution of Linux and standard USB keyboards and mice .
Xorg calls this arrangement a " multi- seat " system .
Advantages of a Multi-Seat System :
The advantages of multi-seat systems in schools , Internet cafes , and libraries include more than just saving money .
They include much lower noise pollution , much less power consumption , and lowered space requirements .
For many applications , power and noise budgets are as important as initial cost .
Requirements :
To build a multi- seat system you need a video adapter , keyboard , and mouse for each seat .
For six seats , you 'll also need a motherboard with an AGP slot and five available PCI slots .
In our test system we used USB keyboards and mice exclusively , but you can use a PS / 2 keyboard and mouse for one of the seats if you wish .
Xorg 6.9 or later is required , but this already ships with many of the major distributions .
Our test system uses the free version of Mandriva 2006 and we did not rebuild the kernel or install any additional packages .
Overview
Select and Install the Hardware Install Linux Record Hardware Configuration Modify xorg.conf Modify gdm.conf
Step 1 : Select and Install the Hardware
We divide the implementation of a multi- seat system into five main steps :
After installing the hardware and installing Linux , we read the hardware configuration from the lspci command or from the / proc / bus / input / devices file .
Most of the effort in setting up a multi-seat system is in transcribing the hardware information into the xorg .
conf file .
There are few set rules dictating what hardware to use in your multi-seat system .
Of necessity , some of the keyboards and mice need to use USB , but there is no minimum CPU or memory requirements .
We suggest building and testing a multi-seat system using a computer that you already have , and using the test results to help scale your hardware requirements .
You may be surprised how modest the CPU and memory requirements are for a multi- seat system that is used only for web browsing .
If possible , try to use accelerated video cards , but for increased reliability , avoid video cards with on - board fans .
Use recent video cards ; older video cards often have a problem sharing the PCI bus .
We 've had good luck with nVidia cards but you can try recent cards from other manufacturers too .
Hardware for our test system :
For our system we chose to use video cards based on the nVidia MX4000 chipset .
They are accelerated , have no fans , and it was nice having one driver for all six video cards .
The downside of nVidia is that the driver is closed source and you need to download and install it .
If you use an nVidia card , be sure to check their web site for the recommended BIOS settings for your cards .
We used an ECS 755 - A2 motherboard with an AMD64-3200 processor and 1 GB of RAM .
Our power supply is a CoolMax 140 mm Power Supply and the CPU heat sink is a Thermaltake " Sonic Tower " .
During our testing we added a low noise fan to cool the video cards .
Airflow is in at the bottom , past the video cards , up past the CPU cooler and out through the power supply .
This airflow seemed to work pretty well .
At quiescence , the CPU temperature was 31C , rising to only 38C after fifteen minutes of kernel compile .
The current from the mains at quiescence was 0.25 amps , and during a kernel compile it was 0.35 amps .
You will probably need some USB hubs to connect all of the keyboards and mice .
One problem to think about before permanently installing the hardware is cable management .
Seven power cords , six monitor cables , three USB hubs , six keyboard cables , and six mice cables : that is a lot of cabling !
Step 2 : Install Linux
Multi-seat capability is provided by Xorg 6.9/7.0 which already ships with most of the major distributions .
When you install Linux , you might want to install all of the window managers including fluxbox and twm .
If you are going to use the nVidia drivers , be sure to install the kernel source too .
Do the installation with all of the hardware connected and powered up .
Mandriva did a great job detecting and configuring all six of our video heads .
Select a default run level of 3 so that X does not start automatically after boot .
You can check the installation by logging in and running startx .
If all has gone well you should be able to move your mouse across all six monitors .
Mandriva allows up to ten entries in the / dev / input directory .
We needed twelve since we had six keyboards and mice .
We increased the limit to sixteen by changing the line in /etc/udev/ruled.d/50-mdk.rules from :
KERNEL== " event [ 0 - 9 ] * " , NAME = " input/%k " , MODE = " 0600 "
to :
KERNEL = = " event [ 0 - 9a-f ] * " , NAME = " input/%k " , MODE = " 0600 "
Step 3 : Record Hardware Configuration
All hardware in our computer has a name that distinguishes it from similar hardware in the computer .
In this step we record the names for each of our video heads , keyboards , and mice .
Let 's start with the video cards .
Video cards are identified by their address on the PCI bus .
We can list the hardware on the PCI buses using the lspci command .
On our test system , the lspci command gives the following result :
lspci | grep VGA 00:09.0 VGA compatible controller : n Vidia Corporation NV18 [ GeForce4 MX 4000 AGP 8 x ] ( rev c1 ) 00:0a.0 VGA compatible controller : n Vidia Corporation NV18 [ GeForce4 MX 4000 AGP 8 x ] ( rev c1 ) 00:0b.0 VGA compatible controller : n Vidia Corporation NV18 [ GeForce4 MX 4000 AGP 8 x ] ( rev c1 ) 00:0c.0 VGA compatible controller : n Vidia Corporation NV18 [ GeForce4 MX 4000 AGP 8 x ] ( rev c1 ) 00:0d.0 VGA compatible controller : n Vidia Corporation NV18 [ GeForce4 MX 4000 AGP 8 x ] ( rev c1 ) 01:00.0 VGA compatible controller : n Vidia Corporation NV18 [ GeForce4 MX 4000 AGP 8 x ] ( rev c1 )
The bus address is the first field in the lines above .
The number before the colon identifies which PCI bus ( computers often have more than one ) , and the second number gives the card address on the bus .
You will need to know these addresses to build the xorg .conf configuration file .
The mice are easy to locate .
Each mouse has an entry in the / dev / input directory .
An ls can identify the mice .
ls /dev/input / mouse * / dev/input / mouse0 / dev/input / mouse2 / dev/input / mouse4 / dev/input / mouse1 / dev/input / mouse3 / dev/input / mouse5
more
more / proc/ bus / input / devices I : Bus=0003 Vendor=046e Product=530a Version=0001 N : Name= " BTC Multimedia USB Keyboard " P : Phys=usb - 0000:00:03.3-4.2.1/input0 H : Handlers=kbd event6 B : EV=120003 B : KEY=1000000000007 ff87207ac14057ff febeffdfffefffff fffffffffffffffe B : LED=1f I : Bus=0003 Vendor=046e Product=530a Version=0001 N : Name= " BTC Multimedia USB Keyboard " P : Phys=usb - 0000:00:03.3-4.4.1/input0 H : Handlers=kbd event7 B : EV=120003 B : KEY=1000000000007 ff87207ac14057ff febeffdfffefffff fffffffffffffffe B : LED=1f
The keyboards are identified as a / dev / input / eventN file .
Do aof / proc / bus / input / devices .
Each keyboard will have an entry that specifies the event file .
The following two entries are for the first two keyboards in our system .
A table is a nice way to view all of the above information .
Seat Video Card Keyboard
( / dev/input / )
Mouse
( / dev/input / ) 0 00:09:0 event6 mouse0 1 00:10:0 event7 mouse1 2 00:11:0 event8 mouse2 3 00:12:0 event9 mouse3 4 00:13:0 event10 mouse4 5 01:00:0 event11 mouse5
Note the slight change in how the video cards are addressed .
Also , you 'll find the numbering of the keyboards and mice easier if you plug each mouse into the same hub as its corresponding keyboard .
Do n't worry too much about matching the video head to the keyboard .
After setting everything up you can move the monitors or the keyboards around as needed .
Step 4 : Build xorg.conf
# Seat 5 Section " InputDevice " Identifier " Keyboard5 " Driver " evdev " Option " Device " " / dev/input/event11 " Option " XkbModel " " pc105 " Option " XkbLayout " " us " Option " XkbOptions " " compose : rwin " EndSection Section " InputDevice " Identifier " Mouse5 " Driver " mouse " Option " Protocol " " ExplorerPS / 2 " Option " Device " " / dev/input/mouse5 " Option " ZAxisMapping " " 6 7 " EndSection Section " Device " Identifier " device5 " Driver " nvidia " VendorName " NVIDIA Corp . "
BoardName " NVIDIA GeForce4 ( generic ) " BusID " PCI: 0: 13:0 " EndSection Section " Monitor " Identifier " monitor5 " ModelName " Flat Panel 1024x768 " HorizSync 31.5 - 48.5 VertRefresh 40.0 - 70.0 ModeLine " 768x576 " 50.0 768 832 846 1000 576 590 595 630 ModeLine " 768x576 " 63.1 768 800 960 1024 576 578 590 616 EndSection Section " Screen " Identifier " screen5 " Device " device5 " Monitor " monitor5 " DefaultDepth 24 SubSection " Display " Virtual 1024 768 Depth 24 EndSubSection EndSection Section " ServerLayout " Identifier " seat5 " Screen 0 " Screen5 " 0 0 InputDevice " Mouse5 " " CorePointer " InputDevice " Keyboard5 " " CoreKeyboard " EndSection
sort
uniq
sort /etc/X11/xorg.conf | uniq
The xorg .conf file has sections to describe keyboards , mice , video cards , monitors , screens , and seats .
Most of the work in setting up a multi-seat system is correctly copying the information in the above table into the appropriate section of the xorg .
conf file .
Shown below is our configuration for seat 5 .
You should be able to use this configuration as a prototype for your additional seats .
Note the places where the keyboard , mouse , and video card information is located .
Since we were borrowing monitors for our test , we forced all of the monitors to be flat panel displays with a 1024 by 768 resolution .
There is a simple trick to help verify that all the numbers in the xorg .
conf file are right -- pass the file throughand
[ ' sort xorg .
conf|uniq - d ' would also be helpful - just in case you had mistakenly repeated any of the device strings .
-- Ben ]
The output of the above command string will make obvious any errors in numbering the various keyboards and such .
Testing Your Xorg.conf
File :
It is a good idea to test your configuration and to sort out the keyboards and mice by bringing up the heads one at a time .
Login remotely so that you are not using any of the video heads .
Enter the following commands for each of the six heads ( 0 to 5 ) .
( The commands below are for head 5 . )
X -novtswitch - sharevts - nolisten tcp - layout seat5 :5 & xterm - display :5 &
If the above command fails , examine the error messages and check the xorg .conf file .
If the command succeeds , use the xterm to help identify which keyboard and mouse go to which head .
The keyboards , mice , and video cards are enumerated in the same order on every boot , so you will only have to move things around during the initial set up .
The above commands might be sufficient if you do n't need user logins .
For example , a six headed kiosk might need only X and a web browser on each head .
Step 5 : Modify gdm.conf
gdm
kdm
xdm
If you want user logins you will need to modify the configuration for your preferred display manager .
The directions given here are forbut the changes are very similar for , or for the X display manager ,
Modify the [ servers ] section near the bottom of the /etc/X11/gdm/gdm.conf file to tell gdm which X servers to start .
The lines should be :
0 =Standard0 1=Standard1 2=Standard2 3=Standard3 4=Standard4 5 =Standard5
[ server - Standard5 ] name =Standard server command= / usr / X11R6/bin/X - nolisten tcp - novtswitch - sharevts - layout seat5 flexible=true
[ servers ]
You need to tell gdm how to start the X server on each head .
The lines to do this are : You 'll need a section like the above for each head .
The server name , " Standard5 " in the above example , must match the name given in thesection .
Customize the X command line options to meet the requirements of your particular system .
Once everything is configured , you should be able to start graphical logins by switching to runlevel 5 .
telinit 5
drakconf
Test Results , Costs , and Problems
If everything works , make the default runlevel 5 by editing /etc / inittab or by setting it usingBetween resets , we found performance to be excellent for six users doing typical PC tasks , including web browsing , email , word processing , and games .
The accelerated graphics cards seemed to do most of the work so that even arcade style games and web - based video did not put much of a load on the CPU .
If " 3200 " is an accurate assessment of the performance of the AMD64-3200 , then a CPU with a performance of " 1600 " would have been more than sufficient .
Cost :
Not including the monitor , each seat in our system cost about $ 67 .
This includes $ 40 for the MX4000 based video card , $ 20 for a USB keyboard , $ 5 for a USB mouse , and $ 2 for half of a USB hub .
Our test system used expensive keyboards that have a built - in USB hub which we intended for per-user flash drives or audio players .
The shared part of our system cost about $ 520 .
This includes $ 180 for the CPU , $ 50 for the motherboard , $ 90 for RAM , and $ 50 for the CPU heat sink .
The case , power supply , and disk drive had a combined cost of about $ 150 .
We give these prices just for comparison .
You may find lower prices that these and we 'd certainly recommend that you replace our $ 230 CPU and motherboard with an Athlon 2800 + set that costs about $ 80 .
We have not included the cost of the monitors since these prices are in free fall and your particular needs and tastes may dictate what you spend .
Problems :
Did you catch the phrase " between resets " above ?
While the system worked very well , it was extremely unstable .
In particular , we got a kernel oops fairly often when we logged out .
A syslog trace of one such oops is available here .
We 've tried several things to fix this problem including :
turning APIC off and on
reducing the number of heads
trying the ' nv ' and ' vesa ' drivers
using NoInt10
upgrading to the official X11R6.9 release
upgrading to the 2.6.15 kernel
using xdm and fvwm instead of gdm and Gnome
The problem persists .
Please let bsmith at linuxtoys dot org know if you have any ideas that might help fix this problem .
A much less severe problem is that some programs assume that there is a single user on the PC .
Screen savers can take a lot of CPU power and both KDE and Gnome complain if they do n't have audio output .
Any shared resource , such as audio or a CD burner , can be a problem .
As a longer - term concern , we will need to address security issues surrounding multi-seat computers .
Whether from students or cafe patrons , these systems are going to come under deliberate , malicious attack .
Can we trust KDE and Gnome to withstand such attacks ?
Summary
Further Reading
A multi-head , multi-user Linux system is now possible using commodity PC hardware and standard Linux distributions .
Multi-seat Linux
PCs seem inevitable given the potential savings in cost , noise , and power .
Chris
Tyler provided support at almost every step of the way in this project .
His web site has a HOWTO that also describes how to set up a multi-seat system .
Chris is something of an expert in X and I 'm looking forward to his next book which will contain some of the material presented here .
Chris ' web site is at :
Xorg man pages : Xorg provides a full set of manual pages that describe the xorg .
conf file and all of the commands used in getting X - Windows to run .
The manual page for xorg .
conf is at :
http://wiki.x.org/X11R6.9.0/doc/html/xorg.conf.5.html
The manual pages for the X commands are at :
http://wiki.x.org/X11R6.9.0/doc/html/manindex1.html
Talkback : Discuss this article with The Answer Gang
Bob is an electronics hobbyist and Linux programmer .
He is one of the authors of " Linux Appliance Design " to be published by No Starch Press .
How Google Maps Got Me Out Of A Traffic Ticket
In January of this year , I was pulled over by a traffic officer for “ disobeying a steady red ” , a .k.a. running a red light .
I pleaded “ Not Guilty ” to the charge , and today - nearly six months later – I went to court to find out the fate of my ticket violation .
Check out how Google Maps saved me some serious cash - and points on my license !
There I was on a bench waiting for my name to be called at the Downtown Manhattan DMV hearings bureau .
After hearing several testimonies from other drivers , I knew this Judge was n’t going to be sympathetic to my troubles .
So driver after driver , only one had a happy ending .
So at this point I was worried because being found guilty would mean a 150 dollar fine , plus 50 in penalties , and worse of all points on my license .
I began to contemplate how it all happened since it had been so long .
I jotted down some notes on a small piece of paper , and then the moment of truth arrived .
After my name was called , I gathered my belongings and made my way up to the stand where the offending officer joined me .
The judge swore her in and asked for her testimony .
The officer did what I expected - after all , I had been listening to all of those prior testimonies – and began to describe the scene of the violation .
In her story I noticed one fatal flaw , which I had planned to exploit but I had no proof whatsoever .
The officer stated the street I was on was a one way westbound street and I was turning onto an avenue that was at a two way street separated by a concrete divider .
Only thing was , I was on a two way , not one .
So it came time for my testimony and I stated that I was in mid-turn when an oncoming vehicle was coming toward me very quickly and I had decided not to make the turn until that SUV passed me .
The Judge stopped and asked me how could there be an oncoming vehicle if the street was only one way .
I stated that it was indeed a two way street .
The officer reiterated that it was only a one way .
So who was the judge to believe ?
I was desperate for proof so I did the unthinkable : I whipped out my notebook .
I was very lucky to find an extremely bad connection via Wi -Fi .
I pulled up Firefox and when to maps.google.com .
I typed up the intersection and zoomed in as close as possible :
As you can see , Cathedral Pkwy ( 110th street ) has no arrow indicating the traffic directions .
However , 109th and 111th do .
I mentioned this to the judge that this means that 110th is indeed a two way street .
The traffic officer begged to differ .
She said perhaps an arrow was just missing from the equation .
So I called her bluff , and researched a new intersection , Times Square :
I asked her honor if she was familiar with 42nd Street .
She nodded and I continued to mention how all of its neighboring streets have indication arrows of the direction , with one exception : 42nd Street .
Everyone knows that this is a two way .
The judge said that due to lack of memory of the officer she will have to dismiss the violation .
Thank you Google Maps , you rule .
SPIEGEL Interview : The Two Apes within Us Hippy Sex Fiends and Brutal Machiavellians
So if humans evolved from apes , which ones are our closest relatives ?
Dutch primate researcher Frans de Waal spoke with SPIEGEL about bloodthirsty chimpanzees , sex - crazed bonobos , the origin of the family and the nature of human beings .
VIDEOS 2 3 4 5 8 6 7
Wednesday , September 13 , 2006
Post by Alison Angel at 11:27 AM
5 comments |
ハプニングバー東京おすすめ人気ランキング。東京都内のハプバーの口コミと評判で事実を暴露
ハプニングバ ー
『ハプニングバー』という言葉を聞いたことがあるでしょうか。
大人の社交場、性の解放の場などと言われますが漠然としたイメージのせいで興味があっても初来店する勇気がないという方はけっこう多いです。そこで今回は！初めてでも行きやすい＆本当に楽しめるハプニングバーランキング『東京編』をご紹介します。
各ハプニングバーの特徴や雰囲気、料金面も解説していきます。
東京でハプニングバーに一緒に行く人を探している方はPCMAXで無料で探す事をおすすめします。
料金が安くなりますし、カップルで行った方がハプニングバーを楽しめます。
登録は無料です 。
無料で登録でき るPCMAXは以下からどうぞ。（キャンセル可）
【無料 】PCMAXの公式サイトはこちら（R18 ）
ハプニングバー東京おすすめ人気ランキング
ハプニングバーの激戦区というか人気店が多いのが新宿エリアです。初心者さんがハプニングバーに行きたいなら、まずは新宿エリアのお店に注目してみるのがおすすめです。
激戦区だけあって新規の方も入店しやすいイベントが頻繁にあったり、ハプニング希望のお客さんが日々多かったり。初心者～上級者まで楽しみやすくなっています。
さっそく新宿エリアのハプニングバーの、人気＆おすすめランキングを確認していきましょう。
■ハプニングバーの王道！？新宿エリアランキング■
1位『リトリート』
2位 『Bliss -out 』
3位 『G☆Rstar』
4位 『WakuWaku Bar 9259 』
5位 『COLORS BAR 』
6位 『Cross Season Ⅱ』
7位 『PuretyOne』
8位『ARABESQUE 』
ランクインしたハプニングバーならどこを選んでもきっと興奮できます！
有名店がずらり【新宿エリア】
ハプニングバーは比較的情報をオープンに公開しているところと（※お客さんの顔などはもちろんわかりません。プライバシー、セキュリティはかなりしっかりしているので安心してください）
ほとんど情報を出していないところがあります。ほとんど情報を出していないハプニングバーの場合は、店内で起こったことについては厳しく口外禁止のルールが設けられていて、ルールを破ると入店禁止になってしまう可能性もあります。
前者はオフ会などがあって店外でもお客さん同士で大人な交流をすることができたり、店外で10人以上で集まって色々盛り上がれたりする企画もあったりするので（※お店の方針にもよります）ハプニングバーの外でも楽しみたい方におすすめ。
後者はハプニングバーで出会った人とは外で交流したくない、完全にその場だけの付き合いに留めたい方におすすめです。
頻繁にハプニングバーに通っている方でも、会社の仲間や友達には隠しているケースが多いです。会社員などの立場があればなかなか言えませんよね・・・。だからどういうスタンスのハプニングバーが良いかはニーズによりけり。
ハプニングバーに来ている方の中には家庭があったり、恋人がいたりする方が少なくありません。基本的には恋愛感情を持つなどはしないで、爽やかに楽しむ場所。
エロい子が好きだからといってハプニングバーで彼女探しはしないのが◎
あくまでも爽やかに遊ぶ！そこをモットーに満喫しましょう。
今回のランキングではオープンも秘密主義も、どちらの方向性のお店もランクインしています。下記では各店舗の来店時に気になる『雰囲気』や『料金』に的を絞って店舗情報をご紹介していきます！
①新宿『リトリート』の特徴と口コミ
『リトリート』は激戦区新宿エリアのハプニングバーの中でもかなりの有名店で、新規のお客さんも多いです。
店舗のアクセス情報は非公開（電話して確認）ですが、新宿のコマ劇近くというアクセスしやすい場所にあります。
『リトリート』の店内の雰囲気は・・・内装にエロスが漂っている『そういう感じの雰囲気』というより一見普通のBarのように見えます。店内の照明は暗くなっていて、色々なお酒のボトルが並んでいて、座れる席やソファがある・・・という感じ。本当に普通のBarっぽいですよね？
お店の雰囲気だけだとハプニングバーというイメージは湧かないかもしれません。だからこそ初心者の女性でも入りやすいというメリットがあります。
そう！『リトリート』は女性のお客さんが多くて、アツいハプニングバーなのです！
人気店だけあってとにかく盛り上がっていることが多いです！
ハプニングに期待していなかったりハプニングを体験するつもりはなかったりする方でも、スタッフや、その日居合わせた同じスタンスのお客さんと会話して過ごすことが可能。落ち着いたBarらしさは常連になりたくなります。
『リトリート』では定期的に興奮するイベントも開催されているので、盛り上がっている日に行きたいならイベント日（公式サイトに情報掲載あり）にも注目しましょう。
■『リトリート』の口コミ■
『リトリートは普通っぽい子が好みだと燃える。いかにも遊んでそうな子も男と絡んでいるけど、普通っぽい子が何人もの男にやられて気持ち良さそうにしている姿も見かける。普通っぽい子が興奮しまくっている姿に興奮する男なら絶対行ったほうがいい』
『美味しいお酒を飲みながら他の会員と会話して過ごすだけでも楽しめる。ここで3Pや4Pをしたこともあるし、そういうのもいいけど眺めながらのんびりしたい日にもいい。どちらでも満足できる』
『ここのお客さんは紳士的で優しい人が多いです。女1人で行っても安心して過ごせます』
『目の前で6Pが始まったり、AVでしか見ないような展開が普通にあります』
『リトリート』の口コミ満足度は高いです！
1人来店、カップル来店どちらでも楽しめる可能性高し。スタッフさんも親切なので、ハプニングバーデビュー、女性だけでの来店もおすすめです。
■料金 ■
昼の時間 帯
男性⇒入場 料8,000円／入会 金1,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金2,000 円
夜の時間 帯
男性⇒入 場料13,000円／入会 金1,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料8,000円／入会金2,000 円
■場所 ■
非公開／新宿のコマ劇近くです。
来店時は店舗（03-3202-5665）まで電話すれば案内してくれます。
②初心者さんにおすすめの 『Bliss -out 』
新宿エリアのハプニングバーはお昼以降～営業していることが多いですが、2位にランクインした『Bliss-out』は早めの朝10時から営業しているハプニングバーです。
昼：カフェタイム（雰囲気がまったりしていて、スタッフさんとの会話をじっくり楽しめるから初心者におすすめ！）
夜：Barタイ ム
上記の2部制で営業しています。
昼と夜どちらの時間帯に行ってもスタッフさんも常連さんも親切で、安心して過ごせます。
ちなみに 『Bliss- out』は男性のみの複数人グループだと来店NGになることがあります。男性は単独、もしくは女性同伴で来店するようにしましょう！
■『Bliss - out』の口コミ■
『午前中でも普通にヤッている人はいるけど、基本的に激しすぎないというかまったりしているからのんびりしやすい。他のお客さんとじっくりエロい話をしたいときにも午前中がおすすめ』
『週末の夜はイベントが盛りだくさんで楽しめる！賑わっていて色んな人に出会えるし、スワッピングとかもできる。うちの彼女もド変態だし、連れて行ってスワッピングしたり、上手くいった日は回させてる』
『今まで新宿に限らずハプニングバーに行って開拓してきたけど、Bliss-outは特に雰囲気も客層も良くてお気に入り。雰囲気が良くてくつろげるからか可愛い子もたくさんきてる』
■料金 ■
カフェタイ ム
男性⇒入場 料8,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会 金5,000 円
Barタイム
男性⇒入 場料13,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料7,000円／入会金5,000 円
■場所 ■
新宿の靖国通り沿い、ドンキホーテ付近より電話（03-6457-6169）で問い合わせ。
③新宿あづま通り『G☆Rstar』は変態さん多し
『 G☆Rstar』は変態さん御用達のハプニングバーです。
変態さん向けのマニアックなイベントが多いので、日頃抑圧された変態モードを解放したい方におすすめです☆
ちなみに注目はオフ会があるということ・・・！
『 G☆Rstar』ではお客さん同士でのオフ会がけっこう頻繁にあるので、プライベートで付き合えるセフレや、複数で楽しむ仲間を見つけることが可能です。
ハプニングバーの多くはお店の中だけでの関係でプライベートでの付き合いは禁止していますが、『G☆Rstar』は例外！大人のオトモダチが欲しい方、交友関係を広げたい方、本当の変態さんにおすすめなのです。
■『G☆Rstar』の口コミ■
『複数プレイ好きがたくさんいる。だからここに来るとそこそこの頻度で複数プレイができる。3Pなんてぬるい。日常生活で体験できないような大人数でムフフできる日もある』
『店外での交流が禁止されていないことから、ここで出会った女をセフレにすることができた。普通の女は過激なことすると嫌がることがあるけど、セフレになった女は自分から色々挑戦したがってくれるからマジでいい。変態で素直な女と出会いたいなら行ってみるべし』
『ここの会員とのオフ会楽しすぎ。こんなに楽しいことがあるのかと、天国を知った気分』
■料金 ■
昼の時間 帯
男性⇒入場 料10,000 円
女性⇒入場 料1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料7,000 円
夜の時間 帯
男性⇒入場 料15,000 円
女性⇒入場 料1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料9,000 円
■場所 ■
新宿区役所裏通り（あずま通り）内。
④ハプバーっぽくない！？副都心線新宿駅が最寄の『WakuWaku Bar 9259 』
この投稿 をInstagramで見 る 3月29日金曜日は春の選抜野球拳大会！http://www.bar9259.com/contents/event/detail/20190329/560 九二五九(@wakuwakubar9259 ) がシェアした投稿 – 2019 年 2月月11日午前11時47分PST
『 WakuWaku Bar 9259』はエンターテイメント要素があるハプニングバーで、一見するとハプニングバーだとわからないかも！？
『 WakuWaku Bar 9259』の店内には無料のダーツが設置されています。ハプニングに参加しなくてもお酒を飲んでダーツをしながら他のお客さんの行為を観るだけでも楽しめます。
店内は赤いライトで照らされていて官能的なシチュエーションも盛り上げちゃいます。大人の時間を過ごしつつ、エンターテイメントも楽しみたい、お酒も楽しみたいという方におすすめ！
まずはハプニングバーを体験してみたいという方も、『WakuWaku Bar 9259』へどうぞ！
■『WakuWaku Bar 9259 』の口コミ■
『カクテル飲んでダーツで盛り上がりながら、すぐ近くで発生しているセックスを観察できるとか漫画みたいな違和感ありまくりで面白すぎ。シュールかもしれないけど、こういうのは体験すると本当に面白い』
『みられる楽しさをこのお店で知りました。動物みたいに楽しんだ後はストレス発散できていて、人間はもっと野生に戻るべきだと思いました。そういう空間を提供してくれているのは本当にありがたいです』
『店内を照らしている赤いライトがエロくて超イイ。ナンパした女の子をここに連れてくるとムラムラしてくれるようで、だいたいヤるとこまで持っていける。あわよくば乱交になったりスワッピングできたりするから、他の女ともできると考えればラブホよりお得』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入 場料15,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料7,000円／入会金6,000 円
■場所 ■
⑤言わずと知れた有名店 『COLORS BAR 』
『 COLORS BAR』はハプニングバー界の有名店で、ハプニングバーに来店するのが初めてという方のデビュー場所としても人気があります。
イベントやコスプ レDayなど、企画が充実しています。
ハプニングバーらしいドキドキ企画もたくさん用意されているので、ワクワク来店できちゃいますよ！
スタッフさんたちも親切で、女性でも安心して過ごせます。
実 際1人で来店しているエロい女性が多いと、もっぱらの評判です。
■『COLORS BAR』の口コミ■
『マジで楽しすぎ。エロすぎ。ここに来るとずっと興奮が止まらない。AVで観て憧れていたシチュエーションや、憧れていたプレイや内容が全てここで叶う。同じような仲間も見つかるし最高』
『1人で遊んでいる女性のお客さんが多いから、1人で行っても安心して過ごせます。みんな優しいしすぐに打ち解けられます。私はマゾで恥ずかしいから性癖について他人と話した経験はなかったのですが、ここに来て受け入れれられたというか自分を解放できるようになりました』
『刺激的なイベントがたくさん行われていて楽しい！最初は友達に誘われて興味程度で行っただけで、ハプニングする気はなかったけど、気が付けば常連になりハプニングを起こしまくってる。この間はモデルかと思うような美女2人に半分ずつ乳首を舐められたり、あそこをダブルで舐められたりして超気持ち良かった』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入 場料12,000円／入会金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料6,000円／入会金6,000 円
■場所 ■
⑥女性に優しいハプニングバー 『Cross Season Ⅱ』
『 Cross Season Ⅱ』は他のお客さんとの交流やスタッフとの会話を楽しめる、日常のオアシス的な癒し感のあるハプニングバーです。
女性に優しく親切できめ細かいフォローもあるから、女性の1人来店でも緊張しなくてOK。女性のお客さんがたくさんいて楽しく過ごしている姿が見られるので、女性の1人来店でも本当にリラックスしやすいです。
ちなみに朝9時まで営業していることから、夜勤明けのエッチな看護師さんなんかにも出会えるかも！？こういう部分は男性にとって嬉しいポイント。
また、イベントが豊富に用意されているので、イベントの日に行けばきっと盛り上がれます。
ここの店内で起きたことは口外禁止、絶対に秘密☆
だからこそ安心して過ごせますよ。
■『Cross Season Ⅱ』の口コミ■
『店内に漂うアロマの香りに癒されます。あんまり詳しくは言えないけど私は女性だけど女性とそういうことをしたい願望があって、ここで楽しい経験をしました』
『まさに大人の社交場。行ってみればわかる』
『ここで過ごす時間は特別というか、内装がキレイだし過ごしやすいし、何度でも繰り返し通いたくなる魅力があります』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入場 料5,000円～／入会 金10,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料2,000円～／入会金5,000 円
■場所 ■
新宿歌舞伎町。電話（03-3204-5152）問い合わせ。
⑦エロい美女が集まる！？ 『PuretyOne』
『 PuretyOne』はエロい美女から大人気のハプニングバーで、盛り上がっています。
その特徴上、SNSアカウントは開設していないハプニングバーが多い中、『PuretyOne』はしっかりSNSを駆使しているのが特徴。だから情報も入手しやすいですよ！
SM系イベントなど、変態さんが盛り上がれるイベント量の多さも魅力です。とにかく日常から離れて盛り上がりたい、非日常なエロに染まりたいときにおすすめです。
■『PuretyOne』の口コミ■
『熟女好きの自分としては熟女イベントの日が最高。キレイな熟女や飢えた人妻が多くてハマります。熟女って経験豊富で上手い人が多いし、肌の質感も20代とは違うしっとり感があって素晴らしいんですよね。さすがに職場の熟女を誘うわけにはいかないし日常だと我慢の連続ですが、ここならエロい熟女とその日のうちにってこともある』
『エッチな女の子が多い。男のロマンを叶えてくれる。縛られて女の子2人に襲われていたぶられるプレイができました。興奮しすぎてその日は何度もできました（笑）』
『いつも賑わっているから行くと楽しいです』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入場料6,000円／入会金3,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料4,000円／入会金無料
『 PuretyOne』に行くなら、カップルでの入場が断然お得です！
■場所 ■
⑧官能的でおしゃれな空間！『ARABESQUE』
『 ARABESQUE』は蓋のようなカーテンで仕切られていて、おしゃれかつ豪華な雰囲気が漂っているハプニングバーです。
店内が全体的に女性好みな感じに統一されているので、連れの女性にリラックスして欲しいときにも◎
このお店には、ハプニングバー通いが意外に感じられるほど普通っぽい女性が多く来店する傾向があります。素人さんっぽい女性が大好きならきっと楽しめます。
おしゃれさや豪華さ、そして自室ではなかなか難しいような内装などなど。店内の雰囲気重視派におすすめです。
■『ARABESQUE』の口コミ■
『店内がおしゃれ！そこらへんのラブホより断然おしゃれだし、ここでハプニングが起きると最高に気持ちイイ思いができる』
『女性は絶対テンションが上がると思います。私もテンションが上がって、お酒がたくさん入れば我を忘れて積極的になってしまうことが多いです』
『ここに通うようになってから、もう普通のセックスでは満足できない体になってしまいました。願望を全て叶えてもらえます』
■料金 ■
昼の時間 帯
男性⇒入場料7,000円／入会金無料
女性⇒入場料無料／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場料4,000円／入会金無料
夜の時間 帯
男性⇒入 場料11,000円／入会金3,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場料6,000円／入会金3,000 円
■場所 ■
店舗までは電話（03-5925-8747）問い合わせ。
上野エリア御徒町の有名店 『Honey Trap 』
『 Honey Trap』は上野・御徒町エリアの人気ハプニングバーです。
ゴージャスでおしゃれな店内が非日常にいざないます。雰囲気重視派におすすめ。雰囲気が良いから女性のお客さんも多く、和気あいあいと盛り上がっているイメージです。
たくさんのお客さんが日々来店しているので、性的嗜好が合う相手もきっと見つかりやすいはずです。
■『Honey Trap』の口コミ■
『ここを知ってからもうハマりすぎて大変です。週末はここに通うことを楽しみに日々仕事を頑張っています。気付けば常連になって、ここが自分の居場所だと感じているくらいです』
『私にはたくさんの男性に体をまさぐられたいという願望があり、変態な性癖を誰にも打ち明けられずに悩んでいました。しかしこのお店に通うようになってから同じような性癖の人にも出会えて、自分を解放できるようになりました』
『ラグジュアリーな空間が素敵です。ついつい雰囲気にのまれて、その日出会った男性と盛り上がってしまいます笑』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入 場料12,000円／入会金1,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料8,000円／入会金2,000 円
■場所 ■
高級感溢れる雰囲気が魅力の『RUSK 』
『 RUSK』はラグジュアリーで大人がくつろげる上品な空間が広がっています。
一見のんびり飲める高 級Barという雰囲気ですが、もちろんハプニングバーです。雰囲気が良いことから1人来店でも、まずは気楽に過ごしやすいです。
お客さん同士もけっこう打ち解けやすかったりオープン度が高かったりするので、ハプニングバーとはいえ会話などのコミュニケーションもしっかり取りたいという方におすすめです。
過ごしやすさ：★★★★★
楽しさ：★★★★ ★
ドキドキ感：★★★★ ★
ハプニングバーに求められる要素をしっかりクリアしている、注目店です！
■『RUSK』の口コミ■
『雰囲気がハプニングバーっぽくないから、ナンパしたカワイイ子を連れていきやすい。あんまり緊張しないでくれる。店内に入って酒を軽く飲めばだいたいの子はノリノリになってくれる。俺は見られながらするのが好きだからラブホテルに連れ込むより興奮する』
『スワッピングもできるし、セフレと行くと最高に盛り上がる』
『高級な雰囲気でエロエロしくないところが逆にいい。お酒を飲むだけでも楽しく過ごせる』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入 場料15,000円／入会 金1,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料7,000円／入会金2,000 円
■場所 ■
五反田エリ アBAR SPEAR （スピアー）
『 BAR SPEAR（スピアー）』は落ち着いた空間で、肩の力を抜いて過ごせるハプニングバーです。
ハプニングバーが初めてで緊張してしまうという方にもおすすめ！
定番 のBarカウンターだけでなく、ボックス席や個室も充実しているので『覗きたい』『覗かれたい』願望がある方もたくさん訪れます。
女性の1人来店でも積極的に楽しめるイベントが豊富です。
だからレベルの高い単独女性が多い！
大人がくつろげる空間で、くつろぐ暇もないくらい！？刺激的な時間を過ごしたいならぜひ注目してみてくださいね！
■ 『BAR SPEAR』の口コミ■
『私は女性で、初めて会う男性の前でコスプレして触られまくるのが最高に興奮するという変態です。いつもはその願望を持て余していますが、ここに来ると本能のおもむくまま求められちゃいます。もう何もわからなくなるくらい激しく興奮してしまい、最高です。もう彼氏と1対1でする普通のエッチなんかじゃ物足りないです。毎日でも行きたい』
『カップル客がBOX席でいちゃいちゃしているのを見て興奮してたら、同じように興奮していたらしい初めて会う女性客がくっついてきて、夢のような展開に』
『ハプバーの中でも個人的にRUSKが一番お気に入りです。とにかくいつまでも過ごせるくらい快適だし楽しく過ごせます』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入 場 料10,000円／入会 金1,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料7,000円／入会金2,000 円
■場所 ■
SMに特化した注目店 『Milky Way 』
『 Milky Way』は、官能的なお店が立ち並ぶ五反田の中でも存在感を発揮しているハプニングバーです。
なんといっても特徴が凄い！！
このお店 はSM系に特化しているのです。
『 Milky Way』の店内に一歩足を踏み入れれば、そこはもう見事な非日常空間です。
ムチやろうそく、そして拘束具などなど。なかなか自前では揃えづらいようなSM道具が所狭しと用意されています。
ちなみに縄で縛ってくれるSMショーなどもあり、ハプニングが起きるか起きないかに関わらず楽しむことができます。
SMに興味があるけど、引かれたくないから隠しているという方も・・・！ここで性を解放してみてはいかがでしょうか。きっと新しい扉が開かれます。
■『Milky Way』の口コミ■
『前からそういう願望がありましたが、ここに来て完全にそっちの性癖に目覚めてしまいました。もう彼女との普通のセックスでは満足できません。ここは自分自身の欲望や願望を解放できる場所です』
『ここで初めてSM体験してからどっぷりハマッてしまい毎週通っています。縛られるってどうしてあんなに気持ち良いのでしょうか』
『美女に踏まれたり蹴られたり、ドMの僕が最高に気持ち良くなれた場所です』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入 場料15,000円／入会 金1,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料7,000円／入会金2,000 円
■場所 ■
錦糸町エリアturn over（ターンオーバー ）
『turn over（ターンオーバー）』は様々な性的嗜好を持つ方が楽しめる、そういうお客さんが多いハプニングバーです。
日頃隠してきた性癖がある方、性癖について熱く語りたい方におすすめです。
けっこうマニアックな内容でのハプニングが起きることもあるので、一風変わった楽しみ方もできちゃいます。
店内の雰囲気も良く、お酒を飲みながら気付けば長居してしまうことも！
こぢんまりとした感じが好きだと、より雰囲気がマッチします◎
■『turn over』の口コミ■
『お店の雰囲気が良いです。癒しの空間に最初はまったりとのんびりと過ごしていたら、その後すぐに驚きのエロい展開が連続で発生。こんな世界もあるのかと感動しました』
『大人の社交場だと思います。会員さんはみなさんイイ人で楽しく過ごせます』
『このお店で過ごした時間、とにかく人生で一番と言っても過言でないくらい興奮しました。最高です！』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入場 料5,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金4,000 円
比較的リーズナブルな路線のハプニングバーで、男性単独でもお財布に優しめ。ハプニングバーの常連になって何度も通いたいならとても便利です！
■場所 ■
お店の外でも交流できる『ロタティオン』
『ロタティオン』はハプニングバーの中でもコミュニケーションの密度が半端ない路線です。
ハプニングバーに行く方は、プライベートは一切関わらず完全に『その場だけ』と割り切りたい方と、プライベートでも関われる相手が見つかれば良いなと感じている方、両方います。
『ロタティオン』は間違いなく後者向きのハプニングバーです。
『ロタティオン』ではオフ会的なツアーが行われています。
例えば温泉 、BBQなどなど。
お客さんたちは店外でも関われちゃうのです。
仲間が欲しい方にはかなり使い勝手の良いハプニングバーといえるはず！オフ会で非日常を体験したいなら、『ロタティオン』に徹底的に通い詰めてみるのはいかがでしょうか。
オフ会をしているハプニングバーもあるといえばありますが、数は少ないのでかなり魅力的です。
■『ロタティオン』の口コミ■
『複数でいちゃいちゃしたり混ざりあったり、エロエネルギーを解放して盛り上がれるハプバーといえばここです。僕の一番のお気に入りです』
『常連の会員同士で凄く仲良くなれる。みんなもみくちゃになってエロを楽しんでいます（笑）』
『会社や友達との飲み会で下ネタくらいは話しますが、どれもそんな過激ではなかったんだなと思い知らされたというか。世の中にはこんなにも突き抜けた変態さんたちがいるのだと理解できたBarです。こんな場所があるんですね』
■料金 ■
昼の時間 帯
男性⇒入場料4,000円／入会金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場料3,000円／入会金4,000 円
夜の時間 帯
男性⇒入場 料5,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金4,000 円
■場所 ■
SM ショーが楽しめる『フェティッシュバー ミストレス 壱First』
『フェティッシュバー ミストレス 壱First』はSMショーが楽しめるハプニングバーです。
しかも観客が参加できるスタイルという！SM好き＆変態さんにはたまりません。
お客さん同士で緊縛してみたり、SMしてみたり。SM好きはぜひぜひ要注目。
場所は六本木にあります。
六本木のSM系ハプニングバーといえばとにかく『フェティッシュバー ミストレス壱First』の名前を挙げる方もいるくらい！趣味の合う仲間と出会えるかも。
ちなみに1人での来店も気軽にできる雰囲気ですよ。
アダルトグッズ販売やメイクサービスが地味にお役立ちです。
■『フェティッシュバー ミストレス 壱First』の口コミ■
『演技ではない現実のSMが繰り広げられています。AVで満足してきた人はこのお店に行けば新しい扉を開いて戻れなくなるかも。でも大丈夫。ここに来れば仲間がいるから（笑）』
『 M男です。Sな美女にお願いしてムチでいたぶってもらって、超気持ちいいです』
『ストレスが溜まったらここに来てしまいます。超楽しい。もう通うのはやめられません』
■料金 ■
男性⇒入 場 料10,000 円 ／1時間あたり
女性⇒入場料フリータイム2,000 円
カップル⇒入場料フリータイム12,000円
特 に1人来店の男性にとっては少々お高めの料金設定になりますが、それでも常連になる方がいるほど、性的嗜好に合うなら満足度が高いハプニングバーです。
■場所 ■
Dolce（ドルチェ）
『 Dolce（ドルチェ）』はSMや緊縛プレイに興味がある方向けというコンセプトというか、そこに特化しているお店です。
とにかく店内の雰囲気もエロい。
同じ性的嗜好を持つ仲間が集まるお店なので、他のお客さんに声をかけて打ち解けたら・・・
仲間が欲しい方におすすめですよ！
■『Dolce』の口コミ ■
『心からエロについて語れる仲間に巡り合えました。本格的なSMが好きでこれまで付き合ってきた人には引かれまくっていたのですが、ここは同じ趣味の人ばかりなので引かれることもなく受け入れてもらえます。僕にとって本当の自分を出せる唯一の場所です』
『これまでの人生観が覆されるくらい興奮しました。SM好きなら一度は行ったほうがいいです』
『 Dolceで出会う人と会話するのが癒しです。色々してもらっています』
■料金 ■
男性⇒フリードリンク6,000円（ボトルキープなら1,000円割引））／1時間あたり
女性⇒フリータイ ム3,000 円
通常のハプニングバーとは少々違う路線のお店ですが、ここはここで独自の興奮があるのでハプニングバー好き×SM好きはぜひぜひチェックしておきたいところです。
お酒を飲みつつ興奮の時間へ・・・
SM好きさんにとって六本木はかなり良い街ですよね。
■場所■
渋谷エリア サイレントムー ン
『サイレントムーン』はカクテルやシャンパンなどなど。お酒のレパートリーが豊富で、Barとしても非常に魅力的なハプニングバーです。
お酒だけ楽しむ目的で来店しても充分楽しめる＆満足できるほど。スタッフさんたちとの会話も楽しいです。
お酒
コスプレ衣 装
SMの道具
このあたりは本当に充実しているので、エロスを求める大人にはたまらない感じです。
実際に自分がハプニングの当事者になりたい方はもちろん、ハプニングを見て楽しみたい方も。両方満足できるハプニングバーであることが強みです。
渋谷エリアでハプニングバーを探すなら注目のお店です！
■『サイレントムーン』の口コミ■
『一見隠れ家バーにしか見えませんが、目の前でハプニングが巻き起こってびっくり。初めて来店したときは異常なほど興奮したのを覚えています。週末の夜にフラリと立ち寄ってついつい居座ってしまいます。居心地が良いです』
『店員の女の子たちがカワイイ。とにかくカワイイ。彼女たいと話すだけでも最高に楽しく過ごせるのに、ハプニングが起きたらさらに最高。ここは異空間でしょうか』
『渋谷だからか派手めな可愛いお客さんが多い。お客同士で仲良くなりやすいです』
■料金■
男性⇒入場 料5,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入 場 料1,000円／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場料3,000円／入会金5,000 円
ハプニングバーの中でもお手頃価格路線なので、初心者さんでも気軽に挑戦しやすいです！
初めて行くハプニングバーに迷ったら、『サイレントムーン』を検討してみてはいかがでしょうか。
■場所■
渋谷駅から徒歩数分というとても便利な立地にあります。
アクセス抜群。行きも帰りも楽々ですね。
眠れる森の美女渋谷 店
『眠れる森の美女』はハプニングバー好きの間では言わずと知れた渋谷の有名店です。
とにかく店内が広いのが特徴。大箱店特有の解放感があり、毎回お客さんの数が多いです。こぢんまりよりは盛り上がっている系が好きならおすすめです。
地 下1階にはロッカーがありセキュリティも安心。
そして地上2階には、あのAVでもお馴染みのマジックミラー部屋があります！
他にも面白いコンセプトの部屋やスペースがあるので、エロスが刺激されて盛り上がること間違いなし。大人のアミューズメントスペース！？
『眠れる森の美女』はイベントが多いハプニングバーでもあります。
定番のコスプレ、SM系だけでなくみんなでAV鑑賞をする日もあり、ムラムラ感MAXで隣にいる初対面の相手と・・・というハプニングも巻き起こるかも！？
ちなみに女性だけのグループさんや、女性1人での来店も、『眠れる森の美女』ではけっこう多いので、初めての女性も安心して来店できますよ！
■『眠れる森の美女』の口コミ■
『エロい女が集まりすぎ！俺1に4人がむらがってきてAVで観た憧れの状態に。それから常連になり毎回興奮してる。いつ行っても楽めるからおすすめ』
『目の前で入り乱れての8Pが始まり下着が濡れた。ペアでやってるのが4組いるという感じではなく、女同士で絡んだり目の前の女以外に触れたりみたいな・・・みんなでやってる凄い8Pでびっくり』
『出会い系で見つけた男と一緒に行って、その日来ているお客さんとパートナー交換をしたりしています。最高に気持ちいいし、盛り上がるし最高です。イケメンも多いからまるでレディースコミックの世界のような、イケメンとの複数プレイもしちゃいました。とにかく色々できます』
■料金■
男性⇒入場 料7,000円／入会 金7,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会金2,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料8,000円／入会金9,000 円
■場所■
渋谷道玄坂というホットなスポットにある大型店。アクセスも良いし、渋谷でナンパした相手と利用するのも◎
阿頼耶識（ 旧DESIRE ）
『阿頼耶識（旧DESIRE）』は、様々な性的嗜好を抱える人々が集まる大人のくつろぎ空間系のハプニングバーです。
特 にSM好きには嬉しいグッズが完備していたり、SM好きのお客さんが多かったり。『阿頼耶識』は渋谷にあるので、アクセス抜群です。渋谷で性的嗜好について語ったりハプニングを体験したりしたいなら『阿頼耶識』に注目です。
ハプニングも・・・色々巻き起こるので、ずっと店内にいてもきっと飽きません！
渋谷で大人の遊びができちゃいます。
■『阿頼耶識』の口コミ■
『ここは日本なのか信じられなくなるくらいエロい盛り上がり方でみんなテンションが上がっている。積極的だったりストレートに楽しんでいる情熱的なお客さんが多くて、見ているだけでも興奮できる。もちろん自分も体験できる。特別な時間を過ごすならここだと思う』
『渋谷のクラブでナンパした女を連れてここに来たらさっそくハプニングに遭遇。ナンパ相手も見るからにエロい女だったから目の前の光景を見てすぐに興奮して自分もされたくなったっぽい。望んだ通りの行動をしてくれた。ナンパしてホテルに行くのもいいけど、ホテルよりも確実に興奮できる。エロ女を連れていくのにぴったり』
『自分の性癖に気付かせてくれるところ、性に積極的になれるお店です』
■料金■
男性⇒入場 料8,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入 場 料1,000円／入会 金1,000 円
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金5,000 円
■場所■
複数で！？そういう願望がある方におすすめ『Circle Banira』
『 Circle Banira』はちょっと異色なサークルで、『グループセックス』がコンセプトです。
渋谷のハプニングバー界の中でもかなり知名度と注目度が高いところです。
お酒と会話 をBarで楽しんだら・・・乱交パーティー・・・そんなのAVだけの世界と思いきや、『Circle Banira』の中では日常的なのですよね。グループセックス好きが集まっているからこそ、そこに性的嗜好ががっちりマッチングしている方には最高の環境です。
ちなみに完全に同意制というか、同意がなければ乱交できません。ルールを守ってグループセックスを楽しむ場所です。
グループ・・・怖い・・・と感じる方もまずは安心してください。
意外にもカップルで来ている方も多いという！お客さんは良い方が多いですよ。
■『Circle Banira』の口コミ■
『複数プレイってマンツーマンのセックスだと感じられない興奮や解放感、本能が突き動かされるエロさがあって、一度経験すると抜け出せない。普通に過ごしていると複数プレイに誘う機会も誘われる機会もないし、マンツーマンしか経験しないけど、ここに来れば人生が変わる。普通に繰り広げられている。ここに来て良かった』
『いろんなところから手が伸びてきてもみくちゃにされたけど最高に気持ち良かった。女としてたくさんの男性に求められるのが超気持ちよくてクセになる。もう何回も通っています。しばらく通わないとムラムラしてきます。男を逆ナンしてすぐに一線超えたいような願望を持つ変態女になってしまった』
『グループでワイワイするのが最高にエロい。しかもエロいだけでなくて会員同士の会話も楽しい。みんな自分を解放しているから本当に仲良くなれる。セックスは最高のコミュニケーションですね』
■料金■
男性⇒入場 料5,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金5,000 円
蒲田エリア Club Zeus（ゼウス）
『 Club Zeus（ゼウス）』は紳士的なオーナーのもと、楽しい会話、おしゃれな店内が提供されています。
ゆっくりとくつろげる上質な空間が魅力で、とてもスタイリッシュ。広々しているところもポイント高めです。
さらにさらに！女性客がカワイイのです。お客さんは本当に良い人が多い。ハプニングバーが初めてという方でも、『Club Zeus』に来ればきっと楽しめます。
雰囲気も、オーナーさん＆スタッフさんも、お客さんも、ハプニング度も！全てが◎
総合バランス良すぎの、いつ行っても満足しやすいハプニングバーです。
ハプニングバー好きの間ではよく知られているお店です。
■『Club Zeus』の口コミ■
『カワイイ女の子とイケメン率が高い。見ているだけでも楽しいし、混じっても楽しい。目の前でハプニングが起こったり自分がハプニングしたり。信じられない時間を過ごせる』
『カップルと3Pで楽しみました。寝取りに興味がありそういうジャンルのAVばかり観て育ってきたからマジで気持ちいいです。しかもカップルの男性が美形で、“こんなカッコいい男から寝取った俺”という優越感が半端なくてすぐにいきました』
『夜に行くと盛り上がっていることが多い。酒を飲んで光景を眺めているだけでも楽しい』
■料金■
男性⇒入 場 料10,000円／入会 金5,000 円
女性⇒入場料500円／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金5,000 円
あけましておめでとうございます。2020年ゼウスもはじまりました
良い一年になりますように ！
エロエロしましょう！ 待ってるよー^ ^ — 蒲田Club Zeus~ｸﾗﾌﾞｾﾞｳｽ ( @happening_zeus ) 2020 年1月4 日
■場所■
浅草エリア Shangri-la（シャングリラ）
『 Shangri-la（シャングリラ）』はハプニングバーの中では珍しい入会金無料のお店です。
だから初めてでも気軽に行きやすいのです。ハプニングバーデビューにおすすめです。
掲示板への来店予告を行うと特典があったり、カップルでの来店に特典があったり。とにかくサービスが良いのも魅力。楽しく過ごしたい日に◎
浅草エリアにある 『Shangri-la』は、その日来ているお客さんが新規の顔ぶれになる日も多いです。いろんな人と会いたい方は、常連になっても新鮮な気持ちでハプニングバーでの時間を過ごせるはず！
とにかく初心者に優しいハプニングバーです。
■『Shangri-la』の口コミ ■
『初めてのハプニングバーはここでした。居合わせた男性客と触れ合い、大興奮。凄く優しくてドキドキしました。彼氏も一緒に行ったのですが、彼氏が他の女性といちゃいちゃしているのを見てさらに興奮・・・という感じでした。私って変態なんですかね♪今もちょくちょく彼氏と一緒に利用しています』
『たまらん。風俗よりコスパが良いと感じる』
『友達の紹介で通うようになり、今では友達以上に店に通い詰めている。ここに来ると日頃の仕事のストレスとか全部吹っ飛ぶ』
■料金■
男性⇒入場料4,000円／入会金無料
女性⇒入場料2,000円／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金5,000 円
コストパフォーマンス高し、男性の1人来店でも入会金が無料というありがたいハプニングバー『Shangri-la』です。
■場所■
東京メトロ銀座線田原町駅からは徒歩1分ほどで着いちゃう、アクセス抜群の立地です。
雨の日でも楽々通えちゃいますね♪
荻窪エリア KINKS BAR
『KINKS BAR』は安く、お得にハプニングバー通いがしたいという方におすすめの良心的なハプニングバーです。
割引になるキャンペーンの実施が豊富で、初めてでも比較的気軽に足を運びやすいお店作りがされています。
さらに！20代だと安くなるキャンペーンなどもあるので、若い世代の方にもおすすめ。
ちなみに 『KINKS BAR 』の凄いところは店内を見学することができること。お金を払う前に店内の雰囲気を事前チェック・・・というのはほとんどのハプニングバーで難しい（やっていない）ことですが、『KINKS
BAR』なら見学OKということで要注目です！
ハプニングバーには行ってみたいけど、いきなりお金を払ってお客として行くのは怖いという方は、ぜひぜひ見学を試してみてくださいね。
『KINKS BAR』ではイベントも豊富に展開しています。イベントの日ももちろん見学できちゃいますよ。
■『KINKS BAR』の口コミ■
『ハプニングバーに行ってみたいけど怖くて、友達と一緒に見学をしました。すぐにハプニングに遭遇して、嘘じゃなかったんだと驚きました。見ていたらムラムラしちゃって、見学を終えたらすぐに会員になり、お客として入りました。ムラムラは一瞬で発散できました。友達含めて複数で一緒にしちゃったからです。友達とはそういう関係ではなかったのに、一線超えてみたら相性が超良いと発覚（笑）今では一緒に通っています』
『毎週通っているくらいこの店のファンです。おっぱじまったのを見ているだけでも本気で楽しめる。もはやここに来るのが趣味と化しています』
『見学後に客として利用。その場にいたカップルとさっそく3P。2回目の利用時にはカワイイ2人組と3P。③回目の利用時には女3、男2の5Pとだんだんレベルアップしているｗ』
■料金■
男性⇒入 場 料10,000円／入会 金2,000 円
女性⇒入場料無料／入会金無料
カップル⇒入場 料5,000円／入会金2,000 円
まずは見学して気に入ったら実際にお金を払って利用するというのもOKですし、見学なしで会員になるのもOKです。
■場所■
気になるハプニングバーマニュアル！初体験でも事前確認で安心
ハプニングバーは日常とはかけ離れた世界だからこそ、初めて行くときは『ワクワク』と『ドキドキ』、両方の感情が巻き起こりやすいものではないでしょうか。特に女性の場合は『無理矢理されないか心配』『変な人がいたらどうしよう』と、不安感が強くなりやすいです。
しかし人気のハプニングバーは、行ってみるとびっくりするくらい安心して楽しめます！
お店によって細かいルールや客層が変わることもありますが、だいたい共通している部分について確認していきましょう。
ルールはあるの？やっちゃいけないことってなに？
まず、ハプニングバーは大人の社交場であり、社交場だからこそ無理矢理とか強要、相手の気持ちを無視する行為は絶対にNGです。
ハプニングバーはあくまでも『偶然巻き起こるハプニング』を楽しむ場であると把握しておきましょう。
ちなみにお店に在籍している女の子スタッフや男の子スタッフがお客さんのハプニングの対象になってくれるわけではありません。彼らは基本的にバーテンダー、ホールスタッフとして働いています。
それでは誰とハプニングが起きるのかというと、その日来ている他のお客さんです。
ハプニングはあくまでもハプニング。もちろん義務ではありません。
だから『ハプニングしたくない』ときにはしなくていいのです！例えば誘われたとしても普通に断ってOK！有名店＆人気店では、ハプニングしないからといって冷たくされたり、無理強いされたりなんてしないので安心してください。
視点を変えれば、ハプニングしたい相手がいたとして無理矢理迫ってはいけません。あくまでも同意の元で楽しむ場所なのです。
■ハプニングバーのポイント■
無理矢理迫るのはNG（ハプニングは同意のもとで楽しもう）
ハプニングはしなくてもいい（お酒を飲んで、見たり会話したりして過ごすだけでもOK）
基本的にハプニングバーは女性の入場料が無料になっているところが多いです。無料ということもあり『やっぱり無理矢理されちゃうんじゃ・・・』と、心配する方もいますが、心配不要。
ハプニングバーは風俗ではないので、あくまでも自分の意志を大切にして楽しむ場所。女性も安心して利用できます。
ハプニングバーにはどんなお客さんがくるの？
気になるのがハプニングバーの客層ですが・・・基本的にハプニングバーの客層は良いです！
『え、本当に？』と感じるかもしれませんが、例えば踊るほうのクラブや、ナンパBar（リーズナブル路線のところ）といわれるところよりもずっと客層が良いことが多いです。
クラブやナン パBarはそのほとんどが会員制ではありませんが、ハプニングバーは徹底して会員制です。身分証も確認されるから、変な人が紛れ込むリスクが低いのです。
ハプニングバーで遊んでいる男性客のほとんどは固定の仕事を持っています。
昼間は普通の会社員だったりお店をしていたり美容師などの専門職だったり・・・という感じです。
女の子もそうです 。
水商売をしている子や風俗でバイト経験がある子が来ることももちろんありますが、比率としてはそんなに高くありません。本当に昼間普通に働いているOLさんや、夜勤のストレスを発散したい看護師、美容師、アパレルなどなど・・・という感じです。
意外なことに、男女共にいわゆる『普通の社会人』が多いのです。
ハプニングバーに来る人なんて個性的な人ばかりだろうと思っていると、けっこうびっくりしてしまうかも。
つまり世の中には普通っぽく見える変態さんがたくさんいるということ！
『普通の人』が多いからハプニングバーは環境が良いというか、マナーを守って楽しく過ごせるというわけです。
ハプニングバーのイメージについて漠然と『怖い』と思っている層もいますが、実は大人が遊べる場所の中でもかなり安らげる環境であることが一般的。もちろん過激なハプニングがあったり、エロい展開があったりはしますがあくまでも『同意』のもとで起きていることなので、楽しい時間が流れるのです。
ちなみに男性の場合は性欲解消に風俗という方法が使えます。
正直、ハプニングバーに男性が1人で1回行くよりも、風俗を1回利用して抜くほうがリーズナブルに抑えられることが多いです。それでもハプニングバーを選ぶ男性は経済的に余裕がある方が多いです。
男性が1人で行くとそれなりに料金がかかるからこそ、ハプニングバーで遊べる方は余裕があることが多く、余裕があるからこそ懐もけっこう深め。ハプニングバーにいる男性は紳士的な方が多いという感想を抱く女性も多いですが、人気店＆有名店はだいたいどこもそういう感じです。
女性の場合は女性向けの風俗があってもなかなか利用しづらかったり、あとはナンパや出会い系で知り合った男と性欲解消のためにその日のうちにホテルに行くと、トラブルに巻き込まれるリスクがあります（相手がどんな奴かなんてわからないのに密室で2人きりというのは、男より力の弱い女性にはリスクがありすぎます）
ということで！そのような性欲解消方法に頼るよりは、ハプニングバーのほうが安全（身分証明書必須なので）に楽しめるということから、ハプニングバーにはカワイイ子や美女も集まるのです。
怖そうなイメージを抱かれやすいハプニングバーが、実は安心して楽しめる環境である理由はだいたいこういう背景があるから！
興味はあるけど怖いから行くのは迷っていたという方は、勇気を出してハプニングバーの世界に一歩踏み込んでみてはいかがでしょうか。
ハプニングバーを何倍も楽しむなら女性と一緒に行くのがおすすめ
男性がハプニングバーで過ごす時間を何倍も楽しみたいなら、1人で行くよりも女性と一緒に行くのがおすすめです（女性の場合も男性と一緒に行くのがおすすめです）
理由は、ハプニングバーをカップルで利用すると単独利用より料金が安くなるから！
また、その日来店している他のお客さんとパートナーを交換して楽しんだり、交換しなくても周りに見られながらいちゃいちゃできたり。楽しみ方の幅がグッと広がるというメリットがあります。
ハプニングバーも、女性がいるとやはり盛り上がります。
普段は女同士には興味がない、レズではないという女性でも・・・その場の雰囲気にのまれてテンションが上がって女性同士のいちゃいちゃを繰り広げてくれたり・・・ていうか男女混じりあった複数グループでいちゃいちゃする展開になったり・・・とにかく、そういうことも起こりやすくなります。
ハプニングバーは異性と一緒に行くのがベスト◎
とはいえ『ハプニングバーに誘える友達なんていないよ』という方も多いかもしれません。
その場合、一緒に行ってくれる人を見つける方法はこちら。
■ハプニングバーに一緒に行ってくれる相手の探し方■
クラブや街中やナン パBarでのナンパ
出会い系サイ ト
セフレが多い系（もしくはすぐにやらせる系）の友達や知り合いにそれとなく声をかけてみる
中でもナンパ、出会い系サイトは一緒にハプニングバーに行く相手を見つける際の王道の方法です。出会い系サイトは恋人を探しているわけではなく、とにかくセックスしたいだけのヤリモクの女の子がけっこういて、性に積極的な女の子も多いので、ハプニングバーに興味を持ってくれる可能性あり！
そういう子は『彼女にして』とか言わなかったり、あとはすぐにフェードアウトしてしまうケースも多々あったりするので、真剣な恋人探し中はツライかもしれません。
しかし真剣に恋人を探しているわけではなく、ハプニングバーに一緒に行ける連れを探している場合においては、これほど都合の良い相手はいないのではないでしょうか！？
世の中、普通の社会人っぽく見える変態さんはたくさんいます。積極的に行動することで意外とすぐに一緒にハプニングバーに一に行く相手は見つけやすいです。
ハプニングバーには男女ペアで行くのがおすすめです！ぜひぜひ相手を見つけてお得な料金かつ、濃密にハプニングバーを楽しんでみてくださいね。
『まとめ』世の中にハプニングバーはたくさんある！？
今回の記事ではハプニングバーのおすすめランキング、それから人気の各店舗の特徴や雰囲気、料金面を中心に解説しました。
ハプニングバーの激戦区、新宿エリアは人気店や有名店が多く初心者さんにもおすすめです。
SM好きは六本木のハプニングバーがお気に入りというケースも！
そしてそれ以外のエリアにも人気店や口コミ評価が高いハプニングバーが色々あります。
意外にも都内にはたくさんのハプニングバーがあります。そしてそれだけ多くの人達が普通にハプニングバーを利用しているということ！ハプニングバーに興味がある方は、気になるお店をぜひぜひチェックしてみてくださいね！
While looking for something else I ’ll blog about in a short while , I stumbled upon one of the most annoying of the articles on the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) at CERN ( or any other particle physics experiment ) that I ’ve read in a long time .
This is because of this utterly ridiculous business of calling the Higgs particle the “ God particle ” .
Who started this ?
It really is so misleading and annoying .
The title of the Guardian article is “ In the beginning : scientists get ready to hunt for God particle ” , and it is by Ian Sample .
Some random bits :
It should certainly discover what some call the “ God particle ” , finally answering the embarrassingly simple but elusive question of why things have mass .
and …
Finding the Higgs boson will confirm scientists ’ most complete theory of the universe and the matter from which it is created .
“ It ’s probably the closest to God that we ’ll get , ” said Jos Engelen , Cern ’s chief scientist .
Aaaaargh !!!
Some ?!
Who are these people who call it the “ God particle ” ?!
If you know anybody in the field who calls it the “ God particle ” ( or even out of the field , for that matter ) please write in and say .
It could simply be that I do n’t know these people since I am an irrelevant theorist .
And if that was n’t enough , before I finished reading , I got to savour paragraphs like the one below , where I ca n’t even begin to imagine how the reporter could have got things so garbled .
Note that typically no actual scientist involved in the piece is allowed to check stuff like this because of the internal editorial policies of these sorts of publications – and of course the general “ who cares anyway ? ” attitude to science coverage :
Other experiments will veer sharply into what has previously been the realm of science fiction .
Some scientists believe the universe has more dimensions than the ones we know about .
In one extra dimension gravity is believed to be exceptionally strong .
If the collider momentarily wedges extra dimensions open , it could release a powerful tug of gravity that compresses matter so much it creates a miniature black hole .
Aaaargh !!!*
- cvj
( * Imagine me running around in tight circles with my hands on the side of my head … screaming .
For a full minute . )
Scientists working in Antarctica have discovered an alarming rise in sea temperature that threatens to disrupt populations of penguins , whales , seals and a host of smaller creatures within a few decades .
The new study shows the ocean west of the Antarctic Peninsula has warmed by more than a degree since the 1960s - confounding computer models and experts who believed that a combination of ice , winds and currents would keep the water cool and shield fragile marine creatures from the effects of climate change .
This is the first evidence that the key Southern Ocean is getting warmer : a finding with potentially severe implications for wildlife .
Lloyd Peck , a marine biologist with the British Antarctic Survey , said : " The sea temperature is going up in a way that was n't predicted and this makes me more worried for the marine animals .
The evidence we 've got and the models we 've been looking at said sea temperature was not likely to change much in the Antarctic .
A one degree increase puts us into the region where the animals are pushed to one end of their biological , physiological and ecological capabilities . "
Animals that live on the seabed around the Antarctic Peninsula , where summertime water temperatures currently peak at about 0.5C , are sensitive to small shifts in temperature .
In water just two degrees warmer , molluscs become unable to bury themselves in seabed sediment , limpets cannot turn over and scallops lose the ability to swim .
These changes would make them more susceptible to predators , disrupting the food chain and quickly endangering larger animals and birds .
" If the warming goes on at the same rate for 50 years or 100 years then lots of populations of animals I work on , and maybe entire species , would be at risk , " Professor Peck said .
The climate of the Antarctic Peninsula , which reaches north from the frozen continent towards South America , is the most rapidly changing in the southern hemisphere .
Air temperatures there have risen nearly 3C since 1951 and sea ice cover around it has dropped 20 % since 1979 .
Now , polar experts Michael Meredith and John King , also with the British Antarctic Survey , have shown that sea temperatures are on the rise .
There are few long term analyses of conditions in the Southern Ocean , making temperature trends difficult to monitor .
Instead , Dr Meredith and Dr King combined several sets of satellite data , historical records and measurements taken from ships to reconstruct the temperature in the upper layer of the sea over the past few decades .
They found the average sea temperature off the peninsula during the summer rose by 1.2C during the period 1955 to 1994 .
The amount of salt in the top layer of water has also increased : a crucial discovery as dissolved salt lowers the freezing point of water and helps to make it more difficult for the insulating cover of sea ice to form in winter .
Dr Meredith said less ice would form on warmer seas in winter , which in turn would increase the warming effect because sea ice reflects sunlight and protects the water from the warmer air .
" Both the temperature and salinity trends are in a direction that will act to reduce future sea ice production .
Since a reduction in ice cover was important in the instigation of these trends , they constitute positive feedbacks , " the scientists write in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
The rising sea temperature will also speed up the melting of glaciers .
" The melt rates of glaciers depend critically on the temperature of the ocean they are in contact with .
Our findings of strong surface warming and positive ocean feedbacks have significant implications for the future of the ice sheet in this region , " they say .
Rising temperatures and greater losses of sea ice could also spell big problems for krill .
A study published last year showed krill numbers had fallen by 80 % since the 1970s .
Experts linked its collapse to shrinking sea ice .
Prof Peck said increased loss of sea ice would also hit species which rely on it to reproduce .
Antarctic creatures are particularly vulnerable to rising temperatures because the roughly circular Antarctic continent stops them moving south to escape warmer conditions .
" Our animals appear to be very sensitive to temperature change .
They do n't appear to have the physiological make - up to cope , " Prof Peck said .
Footnotes
Antarctic Peninsula
Home to the British research bases in Antarctica , the peninsula has the mildest climate on the continent and a string of mountains believed to be a continuation of the South American Andes
Computer models
These souped up weather forecasts help scientists predict climate .
A shortage of data for the computer modelling , combined with complicated winds , currents and icy conditions mean they perform poorly in Antarctica
Positive feedbacks
Climate change can get locked into cycles where the warming generates effects that speed up warming .
Loss of sea ice is a classic example because exposed water absorbs more of the sun 's heat
Krill
Shrimp like crustaceans that grow up to 6 cm ( 2.4 inches ) long .
They are a staple food for everything from fish to whales and their decline could have dramatic consequences for the food chain
Moving south
The easiest way for species that like cold conditions to cope with global warming is to move closer to the poles .
Marine creatures around Antarctica cannot do this - the circular solid continent blocks them
Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion ( OTEC ) is a technology that can extract useful work from solar energy stored in the sea .
Since the sea IS the energy storage medium , OTEC offers ' always on ' baseline supply -- during bright clear days and dark nights , in still air and ferocious wind storms -- without the expense and complications of artificial energy storage systems .
Indeed , the Earth has an enormous natural solar collector - the tropical oceans .
" On an average day , 60 million square kilometers ( 23 million square miles ) of tropical seas absorb an amount of solar radiation equal in heat content to about 250 billion barrels of oil .
"
( 1) Energy " equivalent to at least 4000 times the amount presently consumed by humans .
"
( 2) If we can tap into this renewable source , considering thermodynamics and entropy , approximately 1 % of it could provide the entire current worldwide demand for energy .
More than enough energy is available , we only need a way to get it - in a practical , cost effective , ecologically safe and sustainable way .
In 1870 , in Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea , Jules Verne wrote : " I owe all to the ocean ; it produces electricity , and electricity gives heat , light , motion , and , in a word , life to the Nautilus . "
In 1881 , eleven years after Verne -- 125 years ago -- Jacques Arsene d'Arsonval , a French physicist , conceived OTEC .
It operates on the temperature differences between warm surface and cold deep waters - using a heat engine built for the purpose .
Wherever a 20 degree Centigrade ( 36 degree Fahrenheit ) difference or greater is readily obtainable between warm surface and cold deep waters , the process can be put to work .
In ' Open Cycle ' systems , lowering the pressure above warm water turns it into a vapor , effectively ' steam ' , which runs a turbine before it is recondensed by cold water .
In ' Closed Cycle ' systems and hybrids , the water heats and cools - vaporizes and recondenses - an intermediary fluid / gas that powers a turbine within a closed sub-system , which enables much larger energy outputs .
Basic heat engine physics .
The concept , at least , for OTEC had arrived .
But the idea preceded the materials technology and manufacturing methods required to make it , and further , make it competitive with fossil fuels .
In 1930 Georges Claude , d'Arsonval 's student , built the first experimental OTEC system in Cuba .
It produced a gross output of 22 kilowatts ( kW ) of electricity .
Five years later he built a floating OTEC generator in Brazil .
Both of these pioneering efforts were destroyed by weather and high seas .
High capital investment costs and cheap fossil fuels prevented the further development of OTEC until fairly recently .
In 1979 , off the coast of Hawai'i , a tiny OTEC generator produced , for the first time , a net output - of 18 kW .
A system efficient enough to meet the power requirements of it's pumping systems and provide additional useable energy had been created .
A plant which continuously produced more than 50 kW soon followed .
Design and material advances have now reduced the capital investment costs of OTEC to a competitive position in suitable locations , given the expected price of oil over a minimum 25 year life cycle .
OTEC facilities can probably be maintained - sustained - far longer than that , perhaps ' forever ' - if we reserve enough surplus bio-mass to replace ingredients currently made from petroleum , such as fiberglass resins ( synergy with OTEC would return better ERoEI than burning ) .
Currently the Indian Ocean , Caribbean , South Pacific and Hawaiian regions present cost effective scenarios for landed OTEC facilities .
If a major OTEC industry develops , costs are expected to fall low enough to justify implementation world wide - at least wherever the process will work - an ocean belt spanning approximately 20 degrees to the north and south of the equator .
Land based plants are contracted or under construction in the Cayman Islands and Mauritius .
A Japanese company built a 1 megawatt plant in India .
Hawai'i has a leading edge OTEC laboratory where working models have been proven , a deep cold water pipe is already in place - better funding could be put to good use .
Large floating OTEC platforms have been designed which would drift and ' graze ' warm tropical seas , harvesting the energy , using it to extract hydrogen from sea water , to be picked up by transport vessels and delivered where it is needed .
Ammonia , methanol and other compounds could also be produced .
At the moment however , only terrestrial and undersea cable transmission of electricity is cost effective - limiting OTEC to land and near shore installations close to waters with sufficient temperature differences .
In no case would critical working parts need to be exposed directly to the ravages of the sea - high and dry on land or safe above sea level on floating platforms larger than super tankers , only the tubes to draw in water would need to endure the difficult ocean environment .
The United States has already completed design , production and testing of the required durable cold water intake tubes and their attachment to vessels .
The U.S. Navy has proven the use of OTEC generators shipboard .
OTEC can be built with non-exotic materials which do not require expensive secure disposal .
While some designs ( Uehara Cycle ) require titanium , it has also been shown in other designs that the heat exchangers can be made of common aluminum without excessive corrosion problems .
At this time OTEC appears to offer an environmentally neutral energy source .
The intermittent injection of minimal amounts of chlorine to prevent bio -fouling of the warm water intakes , and the leaching of metal particles and other materials via erosion / corrosion would probably be environmentally insignificant .
Large storage tanks for chlorine would not be necessary - small amounts could be generated ' live ' as required to manage the danger to personnel .
No bio -fouling within the cold water intake tube has occurred .
Although a 100 % kill rate for small organisms such as phytoplankton that get drawn into the warm water intakes is probably inevitable , it is believed that this can be mitigated by the pumped ' upwelling ' of cold deep fertile waters and the outfall effluent .
Only extensive monitoring of an installed mid-size test facility can enable a comprehensive environmental assessment , and find the balance point between bloom and bust .
Adjustments of the outfall depth may be necessary , according to local conditions .
It may well be the case that OTEC can target some of the energy that causes damaging and catastrophic storms and redirect it into useful work , if large mobile floating platforms become a reality .
We should carefully consider when a location can host the process and remain within it's normal temperature gradient range , this would be similar to concerns about the energy absorption effects of solar panels and windmills .
OTEC appears to be a vast , renewable , sustainable , safe , ' always on ' energy source that does not emit CO2 or nuclear waste .
Landed OTEC facilities could also provide cold outfall water for reuse in air - conditioning , refrigeration and sea water agricultural projects - ' mariculture ' .
Some OTEC designs and add on modules produce copious volumes of safe distilled drinking water , a much needed commodity in increasing demand in many tropical locations where OTEC could be based .
Given all the fantastic promise OTEC presents , the amount of useful energy that can be obtained from each cubic meter of sea water is relatively small .
The quantity of water that would have to be processed to produce a significant amount of useful energy would be enormous .
Deep cold water intake tubes 11 meters ( 36 feet ) in diameter with pumps of the same scale are proposed for 100 megawatt units .
" The discharge flow from 60,000 MW ( 0.6 percent of present world consumption ) of OTEC plants would be equivalent to the combined discharge from all rivers flowing into the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans ( 361,000 m3 s - 1 ) .
" (3 ) OTEC is a technology of oceanic magnitude .
To ameliorate the enormous problems of Global Warming , Peak Oil , Fresh Water , and Food supplies , we are going to need proportionally large solutions .
Our task would be easier if we could reverse Human Population pressures .
OTEC may be one of our best hopes for the environmentally clean , sustainable solutions we need to solve our global energy and environmental problems - or at least a substantial chunk of them .
In combination with other renewable sources , efficiency gains , conservation and adequate voluntary population management , we may be able to maintain a semblance of world civilization .
Perhaps we can still save our Nautilus .
Footnotes :
http://www.cogeneration.net/ocean_thermal_energy_conversion.htm
http://www.otecnews.org/articles/vega/01_background.html
[ Note :
The seemingly high percentage ( 1 % ) of required renewable energy inputs to meet world demand through OTEC is due to entropy and thermodynamics - a basic physical constraint .
The theoretical maximum OTEC efficiency is about 8 % , but for various practical reasons 3 % is more typical . ]
http://www.otecnews.org/articles/vega/02_tech_limitations.html
A few links for further research :
National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( U.S. )
http://www.nrel.gov/otec/what.html
Department of Energy ( U.S. )
http://www.eere.energy.gov/consumer/renewable_energy/ocean/index.cfm/mytopic=50010
National Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority ( U.S. )
http://www.nelha.org/
OTEC News ( U.S. )
http://www.otecnews.org/
Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OTEC
Sea Solar Power ( U.S. )
http://www.seasolarpower.com
Marine Development Associates , Inc. ( U.S. )
http://www.marinedevelopmentinc.com/ocean_energy
Cogeneration Technologies ( U.S. )
http://www.cogeneration.net/ocean_thermal_energy_conversion.htm
World Energy Council ( U.N. )
http://www.worldenergy.org/wec-geis/publications/reports/ser/ocean/ocean.asp
Xenesys , Inc. ( Japan ) http://xenesys.com/english/index.html
Wired Article http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/13.06/craven.html
The National Institute of Ocean Technology ( India ) http://www.niot.res.in/m1/otec.htm
© Rick Dworsky 2006
Published online 21 June 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060619-5
Corrected online :
News
Large buildup of strain in the San Andreas fault places region at risk .
The San Andreas fault could produce another major jolt soon .
© Punchstock
Southern California could be in line for a serious quake along the infamous San Andreas fault , seismologists have found .
New measurements suggest that the region close to Los Angeles , the traditional earthquake location in Hollywood disaster movies , could feel the effects of a real - life tremor .
The southern part of the San Andreas seems to be building up a considerable amount of strain , the work suggests .
And because no significant earthquake has ruptured this portion of the fault for at least the past 250 years , it could be primed to cause a devastating event .
" It could be tomorrow ; it could be ten years from now , " says Yuri Fialko , a geophysicist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego , California , who led the study .
" But it appears unlikely to accumulate another few hundred years of strain . "
The San Andreas marks a major geological boundary , where the North American plate of Earth 's crust grinds alongside the massive Pacific plate .
In the San Francisco area , the fault has unleashed several killer quakes , including the 1906 earthquake that left the nascent gold - rush city in smouldering ruins .
But the southern San Andreas has not ruptured for centuries .
Some scientists had suggested that the San Andreas could be releasing strain slowly over time , by ' creeping ' along its length , or by transferring some of the strain on to neighbouring faults .
But the new study suggests that neither of these processes is occurring to a significant extent .
Taking the strain
Fialko gathered eight years ' worth of radar data from European Space Agency satellites that measure in detail how the ground moves .
He also added 20 years ' worth of data from global - positioning measurements on the ground .
“ The southern San Andreas is fully loaded for the next event . ” Yuri Fialko
Scripps Institution of Oceanography
Taken together , he says , the measurements suggest that the two plates either side of the southern San Andreas are slipping past each other at around 25 millimetres per year .
Without a recent earthquake to alleviate that strain , Fialko says , the fault line itself , which has remained essentially static for centuries , has built up between 5.5 and 7 metres of ' slip deficit ' .
If released all at once , that could result in a magnitude - 8.0 earthquake , he says , roughly the size of the devastating 1906 quake in San Francisco .
Such a powerful event might threaten even those buildings constructed to earthquake specifications .
Surprisingly , the study indicates that strain is building up differently on each side of the San Andreas .
The rock on the North American side seems to be moving more flexibly , whereas the Pacific side acts more rigidly , says Fialko .
That asymmetry is just now being recognized as an important phenomenon , says Ray Weldon , a geologist at the University of Oregon in Eugene .
" In the past , we 've sort of thought that elastic properties of the rock do n't vary much around faults , " he says .
" This is showing that there are quite large variations . "
The study also suggests that another fault that branches off the San Andreas , the San Jacinto , poses a greater earthquake risk than previously thought .
The San Jacinto runs through southern California west of the San Andreas , near the communities of Riverside , Hemet and Borrego Springs .
Fialko 's calculations suggest that strain is building up along this fault at a rate twice that previously expected .
ADVERTISEMENT
Residents of southern California rarely forget that they live in earthquake country .
But the new work , says Fialko , will help to pin down where the problems are .
" The southern San Andreas , " he says , " is fully loaded for the next event . "
Visit our californiadue_major.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Scripps Institution of Oceanography
Corrected :
This story initially stated that a quake might occur " within the next few years " .
The research did not seek to apply any definite timescale to such an event ; this phrase has therefore been removed .
You ’ve got to be lucky to make $ 4 Billion killing on a 6 - month investment of $ 124 Million
Larry Silverstein is the New York property tycoon who purchased the entire WTC complex just 6 months prior to the 9/11 attacks .
That was the first time in its 33 - year history the complex had EVER changed ownership .
Mr. Silverstein ’s first order of business as the new owner was to change the company responsible for the security of the complex .
The new security company he hired was Securacom ( now Stratasec ) .
George W. Bush 's brother , Marvin Bush , was on its board of directors , and Marvin ’s cousin , Wirt Walker III , was its CEO .
According to public records , not only did Securacom provide electronic security for the World Trade Center , it also covered Dulles International Airport and United Airlines — two key players in the 9/11 attacks .
The company was backed by an investment firm , the Kuwait - American Corp. , also linked for many years to the Bush family .
KuwAm has been linked to the Bush family financially since the Gulf War .
One of its principals and a member of the Kuwaiti royal family , Mishal Yousef Saud al Sabah , served on the board of Stratesec .
Now , consider :
The members of a small cabal owned the WTC complex , controlled its electronic security , and also controlled the security not only for one of the airlines whose aircraft were hijacked on 9/11 , but the airport from which they originated .
Another little “ coincidence ” -- Mr. Silversten , who made a down - payment of $ 124 million on this $ 3.2 billion complex , promptly insured it for $ 7 Billion .
Not only that , he covered the complex against “ terrorist attacks ” .
Following the attacks , Silverstein filed TWO insurance claims for the maximum amount of the policy ( $ 7B ) , based on the two -- in Silverstein 's view -- separate attacks .
The insurance company , Swiss Re , paid Mr. Silverstein $ 4.6 Billion — a princely return on a relatively paltry investment of $ 124 million .
There ’s more .
You see , the World Trade Towers were not the real estate plum we are led to believe .
From an economic standpoint , the trade center -- subsidized since its inception by the NY Port Authority -- has never functioned , nor was it intended to function , unprotected in the rough - and - tumble real estate marketplace .
How could Silverstein Group have been ignorant of this ?
The towers required some $ 200 million in renovations and improvements , most of which related to removal and replacement of building materials declared to be health hazards in the years since the towers were built .
It was well - known by the city of New York that the WTC was an asbestos bombshell .
For years , the Port Authority treated the building like an aging dinosaur , attempting on several occasions to get permits to demolish the building for liability reasons , but being turned down due the known asbestos problem .
Further , it was well - known the only reason the building was still standing until 9/11 was because it was too costly to disassemble the twin towers floor by floor since the Port Authority was prohibited legally from demolishing the buildings .
The projected cost to disassemble the towers : $ 15 Billion .
Just the scaffolding for the operation was estimated at $ 2.4 Billion !
In other words , the Twin Towers were condemned structures .
How convenient that an unexpected “ terrorist ” attack demolished the buildings completely .
WTC Building 7 was a part of the WTC complex , and covered under the same insurance policy .
This 47 - storey steel - framed structure , which was NOT struck by an aircraft , mysteriously collapsed 8 hours later that same day into its own footprint at freefall speed — exactly in the manner of the Twin Towers .
How could this have happened ?
Mr. Silverstein gave the world the answer when he slipped up during a PBS television interview a year later , on 9/11/2002 :
" I remember getting a call from the ...er... fire department commander , telling me that they were not sure they were gonna be able to contain the fire , and I said , ' We 've had such terrible loss of life , maybe the smartest thing to do is pull it . '
And they made that decision to pull and we watched the building collapse . "
As anyone who knows anything about construction can tell you , “ Pull ” is common industry jargon for a controlled demolition .
One thing is for sure , the decision to ' pull ' WTC 7 would have delighted many people .
Especially because it has been reported that thousands of sensitive files relating to some of the biggest financial scams in history — including Enron and WorldCom -- were stored in the offices of some of the building ’s tenants :
US Secret Service
NSA
CIA
IRS
BATF
SEC
NAIC Securities
Salomon Smith Barney
American Express Bank International
Standard Chartered Bank
Provident Financial Management
ITT Hartford Insurance Group
Federal Home Loan Bank
The Securities and Exchange Commission has not quantified the number of active cases in which substantial files were destroyed by the collapse of WTC 7 .
Reuters news service and the Los Angeles Times published reports estimating them at 3,000 to 4,000 .
They include the agency 's major inquiry into the manner in which investment banks divvied up hot shares of initial public offerings during the high - tech boom .
... " Ongoing investigations at the New York SEC will be dramatically affected because so much of their work is paper - intensive , " said Max Berger of New York 's Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann .
" This is a disaster for these cases . "
Citigroup says some information that the committee is seeking [ about WorldCom ] was destroyed in the Sept. 11 terror attack on the World Trade Center .
Salomon had offices in 7 World Trade Center .
The bank says that back - up tapes of corporate emails from September 1998 through December 2000 were stored at the building and destroyed in the attack .
Inside WTC 7 was the US Secret Service 's largest field office with more than 200 employees .
" All the evidence that we stored at 7 World Trade , in all our cases , went down with the building , " according to US Secret Service Special Agent David Curran .
What a neat , complete , and fortuitous turn of events was 9/11 .
Incidentally , it ’s worth noting that one of Lucky Larry ’s closest friends — a person with whom it ’s said he speaks almost daily by phone — is none other than former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
More on that cozy little relationship later .
copyright Robert M. Slade , 2006
( with that little ( c ) symbol thrown in for good measure )
I got asked to do a 20 year retrospective on computer viruses for a
tech magazine .
( The Brain virus is thought to have been released in
1986 : there is a string of “ ( c) 1986 Brain ” in the body of the virus
that is presumably a copyright notice , which is highly ironic for a
number of reasons . )
There were a few oddities about the request , such
as a demand for graphics .
I normally do n’t do graphics , but I had
such a fun time doing the article that I gave in , and finally put
together quite a piece , I thought .
It was a gas going back over all
the stuff I ’ve seen over the years .
You may never see it .
See , I got this phone call from the magazine today .
It seems that
some of the wording in my article bears a striking resemblance to a
site on the Internet : “ Robert Slade ’s Computer Virus History ” at
http://www.cknow.com/vtutor/RobertSladesComputerVirus.html.
This is surprising ?
I ’ve been writing articles , series , and books about viruses since the
darn things started .
As a matter of fact , it ’s a bit surprising that
they did n’t find more sites with my stuff on it , especially since
there have been dozens of examples that I ’ve seen myself , over the
years , where people have used my material and passed it off as their
own .
But it seems that this outfit has a policy where they wo n’t publish
anything that has already appeared on the net .
I suppose that ’s fair enough .
Everybody is getting really antsy about
copyright violations these days , and , as somebody who does an awful
lot of writing , I suppose I should approve .
Except I do n’t .
The crackdown ( and crankdown ) on copyright and
copying is making it hard for a lot of us who are relying on our own
research and writing .
After all , who else am I going to use for
material on virus history ?
Oh , lots of people were there , but who
else wrote it down ?
I do go back ( and did go back , for this article )
and check on specifics , and even made corrections on items we ’ve found
out more about .
But , by and large , if I want to generate a decent
timeline of what happened , I have to rely very heavily on my own
stuff .
Except , now I can’t .
Well , like I said , you may not get to see the history article .
Or , if
they are willing to bend their policy a bit , you might .
But I ’m
willing to bet that their policy is more important to them .
After
all , they can always get another writer to do it for them .
Of course , in all probability he wo n’t know anything about the history
of viruses .
Or , he can read my stuff .
And reuse it .
copyright Robert M. Slade , 2006
( with that little ( c ) symbol thrown in for good measure )
High - fat foods will have to be replaced with healthier options
" We are going to terminate obesity in California once and for all , " the former bodybuilder and actor said .
The new laws extend to high schools a ban on soft drinks already in place at primary schools .
New limits on fat and sugar content have also been set for vending - machine snacks and food sold in school stores .
Federal nutrition standards currently cover the lunches served by most state - funded schools .
Healthy options
Mr Schwarzenegger signed the bills after walking 1 km ( 0.62 miles ) with bicycle racing champion Lance Armstrong and hundreds of schoolchildren .
" California is facing an obesity epidemic , " Mr Schwarzenegger said .
" Today we are taking some first steps in creating a healthy future for California . "
Schwarzenegger is a long - time health campaigner
Under the new rules , pizza , burritos , pasta and sandwiches must contain no more than four grams of fat for every 100 calories , with a total of no more than 400 calories .
From 2007 , students will only be allowed to buy water , milk and some fruit and sports drinks that contain a controlled amount of sweeteners .
It is thought that the move could cost school districts hundreds of thousands of dollar in lost income , as they receive money from companies in return for allowing them to sell their products in schools .
Susan Neely , president of the American Beverage Association , called the soda ban " unnecessary " , and said that students would have been better served by a voluntary programme .
School nutritionists have welcomed the changes .
" We wo n't be selling 10 oz ( 283g ) burritos at 700 calories and should n't be , " Marty Marshall , legislation chairwoman of the California School Nutrition Association , told the Los Angeles Times newspaper .
America ’s consumer landscape , which prizes spending and encourages people to define themselves by what they own , only makes the financial balancing act trickier for adults , especially if they have fat wallets .
“ Someone who goes broke , or someone who goes into debt , is really somebody who is n’t comfortable having their money , ” Ms. Gurney says .
“ Yes , it appears as a lack of discipline .
But the lack of discipline comes from an emotional place that causes them to be undisciplined .
It ’s not about the money .
It ’s about our emotional relationship to money .
“ The people who are out there just running through money have failed because they have n’t come to terms with who they are and what they want the money to do for them , ” she adds .
“ I see a lot of baby boomers beginning to panic because they have n’t figured this out . ”
Mr. Foreman , who stared down financial collapse as an adult despite a troubled , impoverished childhood , said he knew real wealth when he saw it .
“ If you ’re confident , you ’re wealthy , ” he says .
“ I ’ve seen guys who work on a ship channel and they get to a certain point and they ’re confident .
You can look in their faces , they ’re longshoremen , and they have this confidence about them . ”
He says he can spot a longshoreman who has enough equity in his home and enough money in the bank to feel secure , and that some people , no matter how much money they have , never get there .
“ I ’ve seen a lot of guys with millions and they do n’t have any confidence , ” he says .
“ So they ’re not wealthy . ”
IN the years after the Moorer fight , Mr. Foreman became much wealthier than he ever was during his boxing career .
In 1999 , he sold his name and his image to the manufacturer of George Foreman ’s Lean Mean Fat - Reducing Grilling Machine for $ 137.5 million in cash and stock .
He is now a proven pitchman on home shopping channels and the lecture circuit .
He owns a fleet of cars , a watch collection , two homes and a ranch in Texas , and another home on the Caribbean island of St. Lucia — but he says he has no idea what his net worth is , and he says he does not want to know .
“ When you start knowing , you ’re scared , ” he says .
“ I have lots of money , you know what I mean ?
But I have n’t found confidence like that longshoreman I told you about . ”
Nearly going bankrupt , he asserts , has permanently scarred him .
“ I will never feel secure again , ” he says .
“ I ’ve got to earn , earn , earn , earn . ”
Respect every dollar , Mr. Foreman reiterated , respect every dollar .
“ You can become complacent , ” he says .
“ You can say , ‘ I ’m successful , ’ which is the kiss of death .
In America it ’s hard to wake up hungry .
It ’s frightening .
You can become complacent and wake up tomorrow totally homeless . ”
[ Spending the next twelve days in Aspen for both the Fortune Brainstorm and Aspen Ideas conferences .
Looking forward to being in the mountains for a spell and spending the time , as is the case at Google every day , surrounded by people a lot smarter than I am . ]
When you arrive to Aspen from either of the coasts , considering the town 's elevation of 7844ft all the locals will admonish you to drink water , lots of water .
Sage advice to prevent the malaise of altitude sickness .
Should n't be a problem in such an idyllic setting with a rushing river passing right through it 's heart , right ?
Yet , it would seem that the water source of choice here in Aspen is bottles of Fiji water .
A few months ago it would n't have occurred to me and I would have grabbed a bottle and chugged away .
However , a fellow Googler recently sent me a photo that has forever changed how I think about bottled water .
The picture 's author , David Coale of Acterra , calculated the amount of oil required to ship a bottle of water from its source to the Bay Area of California .
Then he poured this amount of oil into each bottle :
Since seeing this photo , I have been virtually unable to drink from imported water bottles .
To me , the water now actually tastes like oil !
What do you think ?
[ By the way , Gmail , where I composed this post , is showing me ads to buy a Nalgene reusable bottle .
Good idea .
I have got mine right here .
Now to find a hose to fill it up . . . ]
Story Highlights •
The Web now has 100 million sites
• There were 18,000 Web sites in August of 1995
• Web sites have become a way to bond and belong
Adjust font size :
( CNN ) --
Are your Web surfing fingers getting tired ?
There may be a reason .
Netcraft , an Internet monitoring company that has tracked Web growth since 1995 , says a mammoth milestone was reached during the month of October .
" There are now 100 million Web sites with domain names and content on them , " said Netcraft 's Rich Miller .
( Watch as the Web gave birth to the virtual self -- 2:44 )
" Within that , there are some that are busy and updated more often , and that represents the active sites , which are at about 47 or 48 million , " he said .
Bloggers , small businesses , and simplicity have combined to create the dramatic growth of sites , much of it just in the past two years .
" The bottom line is it 's much easier to create a Web site nowadays , and it 's much easier to make money with a Web site , " said Miller .
Netcraft uses the domain name system to identify Web sites , check how many of them are in a particular location , such as what operating system and Web server software they 're running , and then publishes its information in a monthly report .
There were just 18,000 Web sites when Netcraft , based in Bath , England , began keeping track in August of 1995 .
It took until May of 2004 to reach the 50 million milestone ; then only 30 more months to hit 100 million , late in the month of October 2006 .
Netcraft says the United States , Germany , China , South Korea and Japan show the greatest Web site growing spurts .
Today there are seemingly endless
Web sites for shopping , social networking , and , of course , sleaze .
But what was the subject of Web site number one in 1989 ?
" When the Web was started , it was started as a mechanism for sharing high energy particle physics data , " said Professor Rebecca Grinter of Georgia Tech 's College of Computing .
The creator of that Web site , Tim Berners - Lee , wanted experts to be able to share data on particle smashing , even if they were n't at CERN in Switzerland where he was doing research .
CERN , in Geneva , is the European Organization for Nuclear Research .
Research facilities and universities soon started seeing benefits of this new tool for things as lofty as nuclear physics and as mundane as sharing restaurant recommendations .
Even today CERN proudly proclaims on its home page , " The world 's largest particle physics laboratory , where the Web was born ! "
It did not take long for this technological baby to flourish .
" As is true of many things , if you teach a lot of students how to do something , these students go somewhere , and around ' 96 , lo and behold , you see this much more significant transition of the Internet , " said Grinter .
Soon , a Web " explosion " took place when businesses realized they could use the Internet to make money .
" Web sites begin to be incorporated into advertising .
So that just sort of raises the awareness of the general public , " said Grinter .
And by the mid-'90s the cost of personal computers had fallen enough so that the Internet began entering peoples homes and schools as well as their workplaces .
The cost , and the complexity of creating Web sites have both diminished since the beginning of the 21st century .
Computer users no longer have to be experts in HTML , or hypertext markup language , to be masters of their own Web sites .
" There have been price wars going on in both the domain name and Web hosting industries for some time now , and as a result it 's very affordable to create your own Web site , and the tools , the software being offered by these companies are much better , " said Miller .
Blogs and social networking sites link family , friends and experts in just about everything .
Bond and belong
" What we 've seen is people finding interesting new ways to use the Web to showcase their information and their expertise ; particularly in niches in all kinds of subjects where it 's really just opened the door to new uses of the Web , " said Miller .
Whether it is sharing photographs on Flickr.com , showing off an amateur video on YouTube , or looking for a mate on Match.com , Web sites have also become a way to bond and belong .
" The history of humanity is the history of being part of a group , having a group mentality , and the Internet makes a whole other set of those groups possible , " said Grinter .
" And they do n't have to be physically proximate to you , you can create content for people who are physically distant , " she said .
So will a URL someday be as common as a birth name and a Social Security number ?
For some celebrities , it already is .
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt registered domains for all three of their children .
And in both the business world and the social scene , a Web site is now an identifier almost as common as a phone number or an e-mail address .
" The Web has gone from being a very straightforward thing where you put some text and perhaps some images , to being this incredibly powerful medium in and of itself .
You can engage so much more dynamically , and so many more people are doing so many more things .
And who knows what will come about tomorrow ? " said Grinter .
Memo to all teams playing Belgium in the World Cup this year : do n't let them use their own coins for the toss .
Mathematicians say the coins issued in the eurozone 's administrative heartland are more likely to land heads up than down .
While the notes which began circulating in the 12 members of the eurozone on January 1 are all the same , the coins show national symbols on one side and a map of Europe on the other .
King Albert , who appears on Belgian coins , appears to be a bit of a lightweight , according to Polish mathematicians Tomasz Gliszczynski and Waclaw Zawadowski .
The two professors and their students at the Podlaska Academy in Siedlce spun a Belgian one euro coin 250 times , and found it landed heads up 140 times .
The cent coins proved even more likely to land heads up .
" The euro is struck asymmetrically , " Prof Gliszczynski , who teaches statistics , told Germany 's Die Welt newspaper .
The blanks for the coins were made in Liège and then struck and engraved in the royal mint in central Brussels .
In total 1.95 bn coins were churned out .
The head of the mint said yesterday that the Polish mathematicians ' findings were " just luck " .
" When the coins were made they were struck in exactly the same way on all sides and the metal was evenly distributed , " said Romain Coenen .
" I have n't heard of any problems with the coins . "
But a variation of the experiment at the Guardian office suggested that the Polish mathematicians may be right .
When tossed 250 times , the one euro coin came up heads 139 times and tails 111 .
" It looks very suspicious to me , " said Barry Blight , a statistics lecturer at the London School of Economics .
" If the coin were unbiased the chance of getting a result as extreme as that would be less than 7 % . "
A trial of Belgium 's soon to be defunct 20 franc coin , which bears the slimmer features of King Albert 's predecessor , King Baudoin , suggests that the old currency was a fairer bet : it landed heads up 52 out of 100 times .
There is the saying that the cover - up is what does the perp and his cohorts in , but the Foley scandal has added a third and fourth layer .
The cover -up of the cover - up and the attempt by right - wingers across the digital plains to spin all of it back on Democrats and on the Congressional pages themselves .
In five brief days America ’s conservatives have managed to find the gutter beneath the gutter .
If this was all a sting operation as Sludge suggests that really does n’t make any difference .
Stings are a legitimate tool to find and punish those that have committed crimes , in this case crimes that Foley helped legislate .
Sludge will also have to find a way to explain Foley ’s bizarre behavior that dates back at ten years .
That would be an odd sting operation for Democrats .
They held off on the 2004 cycle and saved it for the 2006 .
In Sludge World anything is possible so tune in tomorrow for the story about the spy pig from planet Xeno .
As important as it is that Congressional pages have a safe work environment this scandal does serve as a handy mis-drection .
It does n’t help that for the most part , the press and in particular the broadcast news finds sex easier to cover or their producers can’t handle two stories at once .
One wonders how the average voter is taking all this in .
Have they noticed the spectacular lack of accountability .
Republicans are all running for cover , they ca n’t keep their stories straight , they ’re playing musical blame game .
This is the ruling party of America at work .
When some conservatives are n’t preying on teens or trying to cover their political asses they keep busy assaulting the Constitution .
Bush signings called effort to expand power
President Bush ’s frequent use of signing statements to assert that he has the power to disobey newly enacted laws is “ an integral part ” of his “ comprehensive strategy to strengthen and expand executive power ” at the expense of the legislative branch , according to a report by the non partisan Congressional Research Service .
In a 27 - page report written for lawmakers , the research service said the Bush administration is using signing statements as a means to slowly condition Congress into accepting the White House ’s broad conception of presidential power , which includes a presidential right to ignore laws he believes are unconstitutional .
The “ broad and persistent nature of the claims of executive authority forwarded by President Bush appear designed to inure Congress , as well as others , to the belief that the president in fact possesses expansive and exclusive powers upon which the other branches may not intrude , ” the report said .
Under most interpretations of the Constitution , the report said , some of the legal assertions in Bush ’s signing statements are dubious .
For example , it said , the administration has suggested repeatedly that the president has exclusive authority over foreign affairs and has an absolute right to withhold information from Congress .
Such assertions are ``generally unsupported by established legal principles , ” the report said .
Despite such criticism , the administration has continued to issue signing statements for new laws .
Last week , for example , Bush signed the 2007 military budget bill , but then issued a statement challenging 16 of its provisions .
The bill bars the Pentagon from using any intelligence that was collected illegally , including information about Americans that was gathered in violation of the Fourth Amendment ’s protections against unreasonable government surveillance .
In Bush ’s signing statement , he suggested that he alone could decide whether the Pentagon could use such information .
His signing statement instructed the military to view the law in light of “ the president ’s constitutional authority as commander in chief , including for the conduct of intelligence operations , and to supervise the unitary executive branch . ”
Bush also challenged three sections that require the Pentagon to notify Congress before diverting funds to new purposes , including top - secret activities or programs .
Congress had already decided against funding .
Bush said he was not bound to obey such statutes if he decided , as commander in chief , that withholding such information from Congress was necessary to protect security secrets .
Like all Congressional Research Service reports , the report , dated Sept. 20 and titled “ Presidential Signing Statements : Constitutional and Institutional Implications , ” was written for members of Congress and was not made available to the public .
The Federation of American Scientists has posted a copy on its website .
I did n’t say Bush ’s assault on the Constitution because he could not get away with an end run around Congress and the courts without the tacit approval of Congress .
Where there should be tensions over where the president and Congress ’s authority begins and ends there is none .
This is a far more important reason to vote Democrat in November then the activities of an internet predator .
Though the Foley scandal and the Rovian way conservatives are handling it adds another reason .
NYT has a graphics table timeline of who knew what and when .
Goes without saying that there appears to be new details everyday , Who Knew What and When
And note to Sludge , Fall 2005 page ’s parents request that Foley stop contacting their son .
update :
If you get a chance catch Glenn Greenwalds look at how Howie Kurtz is covering or miscovering the story at CNN , Howard Kurtz ’s role in the Foley story .
Glenn is right about Denny H too .
Dennis Hastert should not resign .
He is the poster boy for this conservative Congress and how it takes care of business .
The way Denny has handled the whole scandal is an advertisement for conservative arrogance and duplicity .
I meant to put up this link the other day , 8 Million American Workers Just Lost the Right to Organize
Jason Epstein writes in The New York Review of Books about Google and their plans to digitize books ,
The invention during World War II of electronic memory and of the World Wide Web a mere seventeen years ago originally as a way for scientists to communicate with distant colleagues is a further — perhaps the ultimate — evolution of the momentous transition from collective memory dependent largely on mnemonic verse to prosaic inscription on clay , stone , and paper .
With these primitive tools human beings were at last able to record , in language of great beauty and profound understanding , the lore and wisdom accumulated during our long prehistory .
What further triumphs of the human spirit may be shaped from the World Wide Web , should our species survive its current folly , are beyond imagining .
As high handed as all that sounds the article turns out to make a good case for Google and digitizing .
I do see a down side to the kind of instant order publishing that Jason envisions .
That people will water down the classics , not just for language , but for ideas .
Nothing like leaving out a line or two or a paragraph to get a book to tell you what you want to hear .
There ’s a little black spot on the sun today
It ’s the same old thing as yesterday
there ’s a black hat caught in a high tree top
there ’s a flag pole rag and the wind wo n’t stop
from the lyrics to King of Pain by The Police
Rubyにはコード片を表すオブジェクトが複数ある。
Method , UnboundMethod , Proc である。 Continuation は少し違うけど、実行コンテキストを記憶しているオブジェクトという意味では近いものがあるか。『
Ruby Way 』にはこういういろいろがあることについて
「
驚くほどのことではありません」と書いてあるけれども私は驚いた。で、これらが微妙に違うのだ。困ったもんだ。いや、便利なのかもしれないが。
それで今回はこれらの概要を眺めてみたいと思う。
普通のメソッ ド
defでメソッドを定義するのが一番普通だやな。
class C def greeting ( arg ) puts " C#greeting reveived # { arg } " end def iterator yield ' iterator 1st ' yield ' iterator 2nd ' yield ' iterator 3rd ' end local = 1 def ref_local puts local end end obj = C .new obj.greeting 1 obj.greeting 1 , 2 obj.iterator do | item | puts item end obj.ref_local
Methodオブジェクト
Rubyのメソッドはオブジェクト化できる。特定のメソッドに結びついた呼び出し可能なメソッドを表すのが
Method オブジェクトだ 。Methodオブジェクトを取得するには、既存のインスタンスのmethodメソッドを、メソッド名をシンボルか文字列で渡して呼ぶ。
greeting = obj.method ( : greeting )
括弧を省略可能なメソッド呼び出し構文のせいで、JavaScriptやPythonのようにobj.greetingと書いてメソッドオブジェクトを取得するという訳にはいかない。Methodオブジェクトを表す自然な表記が存在しないあたりが、Rubyではメソッドはファーストクラスのオブジェクトでないと言われる理由の1つだ。
greetingは普通のメソッド呼び出し構文では呼べない。今、Methodオブジェクトを参照しているgreetingはローカル変数だけれども、メソッド呼び出しはメソッド用の名前空間を探索するからNoMethodErrorになる。Rubyの場合、変数とメソッドは名前空間を共有してないのだ。
greeting ( 1 )
ちなみにgreetingとだけ書いても引数の数でエラーになったりはしない。すぐにわかるように、これはローカル変数greetingだけを含む式として評価される。
greeting
Methodオブジェクトを呼び出すにはcallかを使う。がオーバーライドされてるのは、通常の括弧付き呼び出しに少しでも近い表記で、ということ。
greeting .call 1 greeting [ 1 ]
引数の数もちゃんとチェックしてくれる。
greeting [ 1 , 2 ]
ブロックも渡せ る
iterator = obj.method ( :iterator ) iterator.
call do | item | puts item end
呼び出し構 文
どうにも、普通のメソッドのようには呼べないのは悩ましい点で、まつもとさんも悩んでる様子。「 callを省略する 」とか。Ruby 1.9では行ったり来たりしてる。
parse.y version 1.372
parse.y version 1.372 の変更。ローカル変数に括弧をつけると、暗黙にcallに変換れされるようになった。
greeting ( " v 1.372 " ) # =>
C#greeting received v 1.372 greeting " v 1.372 " # =>
C#greeting received v 1.372
括弧の省略もできる。おぉ。すばらしい。
parse.y version 1.382
parse.y version 1.382 。暗黙の変換はやめ。ローカル変数のほうにも括弧をつけれたときのみ、括弧で呼び出せることになった。
( greeting ) ( " v 1.382 " ) # => C#greeting received v 1.382
この構文はC言語の関数ポインタが元ネタな気がする。Ruby処理系のコードはK&Rスタイルだし。ちなみに、どちらの括弧も省略はできない。
greeting ( 1 ) # => undefined method `greeting ' for main : Object ( NoMethodError ) ( greeting ) 1 # => parse error
やっぱりや め
parse.y version 1.442 の変更で、この呼び出し構文は無くなった。
( greeting ) ( 1 ) # => parse error , expecting `$ '
_sendとの比較
Methodオブジェクトの呼び出しはどうにもRubyにしてはいまいち構文が格好悪いのだけれども。でも実はあまり困らない。なぜかというとそもそもMethodオブジェクトをあまり使わないから。処理先のメソッドを切り替えるだけなら、オブジェクトに送信するメッセージを保存しておいてsendする方が楽なのだ。
msg1 = [ : greeting , 1 ] msg2 = [ : greeting , " Hello " ] msg3 = [ : inspect ] obj.__send__(*msg1 ) obj.__send__(*msg2 ) obj.__send__(*msg3 )
Methodオブジェクトの利点は、それがメソッド本体のコード列への参照であるということだ。だから、Methodオブジェクトを保存しておけば、メソッドを書き換えてしまった後でも、削除した後でも元のメソッドを利用できる。
greeting = obj.method ( : greeting ) class C def greeting ( arg ) puts " Yet another ruby hacker " end end obj.greeting ( " test " ) greeting .call ( " test " ) class C remove_method : greeting end obj.greeting ( " test " ) greeting.call ( " test " )
sendの場合、オブジェクトに送りたいメッセージを保存しておいて、その都度メソッドディスパッチしているだけなので、メソッドの定義を書き換えてしまうと書き換え後の呼び出しは影響されることになる。Methodオブジェクトの場合は、書き換える前のメソッドの定義そのものをポイントしているオブジェクトなので、呼び出すときにはメソッドディスパッチは発生しない。それはObject#methodを呼んだときに発生してしまったのだ。だから、後からメソッドを書き換えても、書き換え前の定義で動作する。
UnboundMethod
Methodは、メソッド定義とレシーバーを組にしたようなオブジェクトだ。ここからレシーバーを抜いたのがUnboundMethodだ。C#のdelegateに近いのがMethodオブジェクトだとすれば、C++のメンバ関数ポインタに一番近いのがUnboundMethodだ。C++だとMethod相当のものはメンバ関数ポインタを使ってboostあたりのFunctorみたいに実装するよね。
UnboundMethodはModule#instance_methodかMethod#unbindで作成する。
u_greeting = greeting .unbind u_iterator = C .instance_method ( :iterator )
Rubyプログラムではどこにでもselfがいるのであった。一見関数に見えるものもRubyでは全部オブジェクトへのメッセージ送信だから、レシーバーのないUnboundMethodは実行できない。
UnboundMethodにはMethodと同じcallやが定義されているけれども、これは多分、Ruby 1.6の頃、UnboundMethodがMethodのサブクラスだったときの名残。どっちみち、callやを呼んでもTypeErrorが発生する。
で、仕方がないから、呼び出すときはUnboundMethod#bindでレシーバーを設定してから使う。UnboundMethod#bindはMethodオブジェクトを返すので、使い方はさっきと同じ。
iterator2 = u_iterator.bind( C .new ) iterator2.call do | item | puts item end
UnboundMethodを、元のメソッドが所属していたのとは違うクラスのインスタンスにbindすることはできない。UnboundMethod経由でクラスからクラスへメソッドをコピーできたら便利なのに。実際には
u_iterator.bind( OtherClass .new )
とかやると 、TypeErrorになる。まぁ、C言語で実装されているメソッドなんかは型にシビアだったりするから、変にコピーされると危ないのかもしれない。
MethodとUnboundMethodの使い分けはまあ、自明というか。Methodはselfもセットで持ち歩きたい時に使う。UnboundMethodはselfはいらないとき、むしろselfは使うときに初めて決まるような場合に使う。Methodはインスタンスが先立っていないと作れないけど、UnboundMethodはクラスオブジェクトから作れる、とか。
ちなみに、Ruby処理系内部の実装では、MethodもUnboundMethodもどちらもstruct
METHODだ。UnboundMethodはselfを記録しておくポインタを使ってないだけ。
普通 のProc
さてさて。次 はProcか 。Procオブジェクトはコード片を表すオブジェクトで、ブロックを元にして作成するのが普通だb。Proc.newまたは同義語であるKernel#lambdaで作成する。これらは、ブロック付きで呼び出すとそのブロックの部分をProcオブジェクトにまとめてくれるメソッドだ。
内部的に はProcオブジェクトとメソッド呼び出しにくっついてるブロックは少し違うもので、Rubyの古いバージョンでは大域ジャンプまわりで挙動が少し違ったりしていた。breakしたときとか、retryしたときとか。
Procのドキュメント に詳しく書いてある。
ProcはMethodやUnboundMethodとは毛色が違う。元になるメソッドが存在しないとか、特定のオブジェクトに属する意味合いが薄い(同じことか)っていうのが大きいけど、それ以上に基本的にはcloureである点が違う。
def create_closure counter = 0 Proc .new { p counter += 1 } end c = create_closure c.call c.call c.call ....
create_closureメソッドを抜けた時点で既にローカル変数counterの属するスコープは存在しない。けれども、Procオブジェクトは内部に関連するローカル変数を記憶していて、こうやってProcオブジェクトの中からは、そのオブジェクトが消滅するまでローカル変数にアクセスできる。
Procオブジェクトが内部に持ってるのは、そ のProcが作られたときのローカル変数環境であって、次回以降のcraete_closure呼び出しで新規に作られる環境とは関係ない。
c1 = create_closure c1.call c1.call c1.call c2 = create_closre c2.call c2.call c1.call c1.call c1.call c1.call c2.call c1.call c2.call
c1が参照しているcounterとc2が参照しているcounterは別物だ。まぁ、インスタンス変数みたいなもんだ。
で、何がうれしいのかというと、ベタに Curry 化 とか? そういえば、Procオブジェクトそのものを操作するプログラムってあまり書かないね。
こういうのはある。2つのオブジェクトに変数を共有させたいけど、グローバル変数やクラス変数にはしたくないとき。
def create_twin shared = 0 return [ Proc .new { p shared += 1 } , Proc .new { p shared += 1 } ] end dee , dum = create_twin hikaru , kaoru = create_twin dee.call dum.call hikaru.call kaoru.call
まぁ 、Rubyより はPerlでよく見る手法だけれど。あと、JavaScriptでプライベートなメソッドを定義する1つの方法ははこの手法の応用だよね。AjaxまわりをやるとClosureのありがたみは自然に体験できるはず。
( 2006-11 - 17 : ma2 さんの指摘によりプログラム例のバグ修正)
ProcもMethodと同じく引数を取れる。実引数は、ブロック引数に渡るので次のように書く
sum = 0 acc = Proc .new{| num | p sum += num} acc.call( 3 ) acc.call( 2 )
ブロック構 文
で 、ProcはProc.newによって生成するよりは、ブロック付きメソッドの実装に使う場合が多い気がする。
def iterator ( a , b , &block ) ... end
とか書いておいてこのメソッドをブロック付きで呼ぶと、仮引数blockに渡したブロックをProc化したものが入る。例えば、これは特定のオブジェクトの特異クラスのコンテキストでブロックを評価するメソッド。
def singleton_class_eval ( &block ) ( class << self ; self end ) .class_eval ( &block ) end
ここでは受け取ったブロックをそのままclass_evalに渡してしまってるから、あまりオブジェクト化してるありがたみはないかもしれない。でも一度オブジェクトとして受け取ってしまえばいくらでも加工できるわけだから、夢がひろがる。
これ がRailsのDSLになると、受け取ったProcオブジェクトをインスタンス変数に保存しておいて必要なときに起動するようなのを多用してる。RubyKaigi2006でしゃべらせてもらったときに話したけれど、Railsの宣言的な表記が可能なのは、宣言文を実行するときとブロック部分を実行するときが別々だから。例えば、validationに付ける:ifオブション。
class UserRegistration < ActiveRecord :: Base validates_presence_of : phone , : if => Proc .new{| reg | reg.stage >= 1 } .... end
例えば、ユーザー登録が複数の画面に分かれてて、最初の画面ではvalidates_presence_of :phoneを有効にしたくないとしたら、画面の番号をstage属性に入れておくとして、こんな風に書ける。ActiveRecordは引数として受け取ったProcオブジェクトを内部に保存しておいて、UserRegistrationのvalidationが走るたびにUserRegistrationのインスタンスを引数としてProcオブジェクトを実行する。Proc.newを実行するのはクラスの定義時だけど、Proc.newに渡したブロックの中身はもっと後で実行される。
呼び出し表 記
Procオブジェクトの内部のコードを呼び出すには、MethodやUnboundMethodと同様のとcallがある。そして、その他にProc#yieldがある。
とcall はMethodやUnboundMethodの場合と同じく引数の数をチェックしてくれる。けれども、yieldは引数の数をチェックしない。これはブロック付きメソッドの中でyield文を実行する場合と同じだ。例えば、
100 .times do print " Hello " end
Kernel#timesはブロックにカウンタの値を渡すけれども、こんな風にカウンタの値は使わない場合も多い。多分それで、ブロックをyieldするときには引数の数のチェックが入らないのだと思う。毎度毎度必ず
100.times do |i| と書かねばならないのは嫌だ。そして 、 Proc#yieldのほうはそれにあわせた仕様になっている。
Procの使いどころ
先にも挙げたけれど もProcを使う一番ありがちなケースはブロックを受け付けるメソッドを実装するとき。
それから、上のcreate_twinの例のように、closureとしてのProcは安心をもたらす。何故かというと、Procが参照している外側のローカル変数は、Procを生成したコンテキストを抜けてしまったら最後、Proc以外からは参照できないから。書き換わる心配もない。create_twinを抜けてしまったら、その後は生成されたProcのペア以外からはcounterを参照することはできない。厳密には抜け道はあるけれど、その場合はそうと分かるコードになるから大丈夫。
これをインスタンス変数で代用しようとすると困ったことになる。インスタンス変数はそのインスタンス内では自由にアクセスできてしまうから。特にサブクラスとのインスタンス変数名の衝突は困った問題で、Ruby 2.0では改善される可能性もあるけれど現状はどうしようもない。
誰がどんな拡張をするのか分からないライブラリを作る場合、インスタンス変数よりは敢えてclosureの外部スコープ参照を使う場合がある。
Continuation
Continuationの概念は分かってしまえば非常に自然なのだけど、説明するのはとても難しい。多分、Continuationを初めて使い覚えるにはRubyよりSchemeのほうがいい。私も『 プログラミング言語SCHEME 』を読むまでRubyのContinuationを使えなかったし。
Rubyの特徴の一つは標準 でContinuationをサポートしていることだとは思う。Parrotも確かRuby移植を見据えてContinuationを実装したとか言ってたし。でも、実は有効に活用されている事例はそんなに多くない。まつもとさんも「実装できたから作ってしまった」といってるぐらいで積極的にサポートされてる感じではない。ささださんがYARVへのContinuation導入にあまり乗り気でないのでRuby 2.0で消える可能性もないではない。そうして欲しくないので私はささださんの顔見るとContinuationプリーズと言ってるけれども。
Continuationは 、 「 ここから先、プログラム終了までの処理」を表すオブジェクトである。作成にはKernel#callccを使う。
cont = nil callcc {| c | cont = c } puts : ok exit
例えば、こんなコードを考えてみる。callccは
puts : ok exit
という、 「 ここから先の処理」を表すContinuationオブジェクトをブロック引数としてブロックを評価する。ここでは、ブロック内でオブジェクトを保存している。これで何が嬉しいかというと、保存しておいたContinuationオブジェクトをcallすれば、いつでもcallccの次から処理を再開できるのである。しかも、ローカル変数のコンテキストはそのまま保存されてる。
上では 「ここから先の処理」がややこしくならないように恣意的にexitを置いてプログラムを終了させている。けれども、そう簡単でない場合の方が多い。そのときにこそContinuationが本領を発揮するのだ。
例えば、こんなのはどうだろう。RubyKaigiの時のプレゼンに書いたコードのバグフィクス版だけど。
@cont = [ ]
ActiveRecord :: Base . transaction do catch : save_tx do collection .
each do | item | .... callcc {| c | @cont . push c ; throw : save_tx } if something ?
.... end end end unless @cont .empty ?
ActiveRecord :: Base . transaction do @cont .pop.call end end
ActiveRecord ::Base.transactionは、データベーストランザクションを開始してブロックを評価し、ブロックが正常終了するとトランザクションをコミット、例外発生時にはロールバックするメソッドだ。でも、何かの条件が成立したときには早めにコミットしてしまって、更にそこから引き続き処理したい場合がないだろうか。上は「一回コミットしてしまう」機能を付け加えたものだ。
save_tx : for ( Object item : collection ) { .... }
4行目から。さて、では、あるcollectionの各要素について処理をして、データベース操作をする。
これを各要素について繰り返す
6行目。そして、ある条件が成立したとき、callccを実行する。
callccは、その次の行からの、もしcallccが書かれていなければ行われていたであろう処理をContinuationオブジェクトに変換し、ブロックを評価する ブロックはそれを@contの中に保存し、Kernel#throwで先ほどのKernel#catchで作った:save_txラベルに向けて脱出する
9行目。すると、catchのブロックを抜けるとその後には何もないから、そのままActiveRecord::Base.transactionのブロックも抜けてしまう。正常に抜けたことになるので、ActiveRecord::Base.transactionはトランザクションをコミットする。
11行目。さて、@cont.empty?であるとは、callccではなく、普通にcollectionのeachが終わって抜けてきたことを意味する。さきほどcallccの中で@contにcontinuationを代入したから、今はempty?でない。 12行目。すると、ActiveRecord::Base.transactionを利用して次のトランザクションを開始する。 13行目。@contの要素を取り出して、それをcallする。 popされたcontinuationは「callccの次からの処理」を覚えているから、必要ならローカル変数を復元して、callccの次の処理(7行目)へ制御を移す
そして、気がつくとまたcollection.eachの中にいるので繰り返しを始める( 8行目) また、something ?が満たされれば同じことを繰り返す(6行目) いつかはcollection.eachのほうが終了する( 8行目)
10行目。そのときは、やはりActiveRecord::Base.transactionはブロックが正常終了したと言うことでコミットする。 11行目。今度は@contは空なので処理を終わる
ややこしいだろうか。ややこしいと思う。こんなの分かってるよ、という人以外は練習を兼ねて、まつもとさんが書いた
CGIプログラムをそのままFastCGI
化するライブラリ を読むと良いと思う。
呼び出しか た
Continuationオブジェクトはやはりとcallによって呼び出せる。呼び出しが可能で、コンテキストを記憶しているっていう意味でContinuationはやはりMethod/Procの仲間ではあるけれども、中身はかなり違うし、それにContinuation#callは原則的に制御を返さない。
ちなみに、callやに渡した引数はArrayに束ねた形で、戻ってきたときのcallccの評価値になる。これを使って最初にcallccを実行したときとContinuation#callで戻ってきたときを振り分けることもできるだろうし、戻ってきた環境に情報を渡すこともできる。Cを知ってる人はsetjmpの戻り値だと思えば良いと思う。
Continuationの使いどころ
Continuationは慣れるととても自然な概念だ。本当に、「ここから先の残り」「続き」だから。続きを保存しておいて制御を一時的に余所へやりたいときに便利である。Threadでもできるんだけれども、ThreadよりもContinuationの方が自然だし。というか、ThreadはContinuationで実装できるものだ。プリエンプティブなThreadを実装するのは割と面倒だけど。
Continuation とMethod/ UnboundMethod/ Procの使い方を迷うことはないと思う。たぶん。やっぱりContinuationは変わり者なんだな。
予告
とまぁ、以上は私が書きたかったことではなくて、前置きだったんだな。前置きがふくらんでしまったのでそのまま公開しますけれども。次回はこれらの呼び出し可能オブジェクトを弄って遊んでみる。
After using Myspace for an extended period of time certain things began to annoy me .
Some things have to do with the design of the site while others have to do with its users and the asinine things they do on here .
So I went on a mission clicking through friends ’ of friends ’ of friends ’ profiles and making note of the idiotic shit I see .
Here ’s a not so brief list .
1.Bulletins :
While it ’s a great feature , adults and seemingly intelligent people revert into retarded 14 year old girls *.
when it comes to this feature , I honestly want to back hand them Ike style every time I log into Myspace .
(A) Chain letters : Nobody gives a damn about chain letters .
If you do n’t re post a chain letter and something bad does happen to you , it is n’t because you did n’t re post .
That ’s just life .
Oh , and even if you do re post … your mom is still going to die .
While I ’m at it , Tom is one rich mother fucker .
He wipes his ass with 100 bills .
Would you shut down a service that provided you with an unlimited supply of toilette paper ?
( B) Surveys :
To be fair , Surveys are Okay , but only in moderation .
To those of you whom post multiple surveys daily , I have news , no one really fuckin’ cares what color shirt your wearing or if you ’ve kissed the 3rd person on your top 8 …. and they definitely do n’t want to hear it over and over again , day in and day out .
Give it up .
if your going to do surveys why not limit them to unique and interesting .
Stuff people might actually enjoy reading .
I want to know who the hell are the people writing those fucking things ?
(C) Auto - posters : The new Auto post bulletins are gay .
Your new awesome profile tracker you got and those ‘ lol this is so funny Rotmflmao hahaa !!!! 11 ″ titled bulletins are nothing but a viral marketing ploy .
If your stupid enough to fall for those more than once then at lease be a sport and go back and delete your sub - sequent auto - posted Bullshit so the rest of us do n’t have to see it .
If you do n’t delete them then your just asking for more advertising spam to clog up your bulletin spaces .
( D) Properness : what makes up a good bulletin .
Let ’s look at the official meaning of the word first .
“ Bulletin – 1 .
A brief report , especially an official statement on a matter of public interest 2 . A brief update or summary of current news ” yeah , I know , that ’s to complicated for you guys .
Boils down to :
Post something interesting or post some sort of news .
Even if it turns out to be ‘ not so interesting ’ or ‘ old news ’ to the reader , at least you tried , you ’re miles ahead of those other douche bags * 1 .
2.Profiles : Every ones little corner in cyberspace .
How many times do you hear “ Check out my Myspace ” Sure , No problem , I ’d be happy to if it was worth my time .
( A) Content :
So you got a Myspace profile and on it you do n’t have any fucking info about yourself .
Fill the fuckers out .
Tom in his infinite wisdom made it easy enough that a monkey could successfully make a Myspace page .
I do n’t know how many times I ’ve been directed to a persons Myspace page and the ‘ about me ’ and ‘ who I ’d like to meet ’ sections are completely blank .
That is the bread and butter of your page and you put nothing there but the link to whatever profile editor you used ?
morons .
even worse than that , some people post a long fucking survey about themselves .
What ’s the problem , you ca n’t form paragraphs or do you just think people like reading long lists ?
Another thing , Adopted Virtua Pets should be put to sleep immediately !
That brings me to the who I ’d like to meet section , I ’m pretty fucking sure it was n’t meant to be used for celebrities .
oh , what ’s that ?
you want to meet Lindsay Lohan and titty fuck her ?
Well who the fuck does n’t .
( B) Design : Granted not everyone is a web designer and you do get points for customization but … .
The fucking flashing , glittering , dripping , text images needs to go away .
Are you deliberately trying to give your visitors a seizure ?
Transparency sure it ’s nice little feature but when it gets to the point when you ca n’t read or see a god damn thing but the background , you gone to far .
The resolution used by most people is 1024X768
If you insist on posting images and videos all over the damn place , fine , but having to side scroll a page is a pain in the ass .
Redo you profile or re size your F’ing pictures .
3.Pictures :
Wether posted in your pics for all to see or hosted on a server to be used in a comment .
everyone has pictures somewhere on their page .
( A) My Pics : First of all , only 12 pic’s ?
Tom you ’re a fucking stingy bastard .
WTF , why not give us more .
It ’s a pain in the ass to remove old pictures with comments because we ’ve hit the max .
Since it is stuck at 12 , try to very your pics up .
Whats the point of having all your pics look the same .
Put a date on your pictures .
We know your really fat now , so instead of trying to pretend your not fat by posting old pictures , Place a date on them .
It ’s a surefire way to judge how much cottage cheese your legs probably have now .
Be yourself .
If your Ugly , Fat , Gay , Whore , Disfigured , Bald it ’s fine .
Be proud of it .
Post Images of it .
Tell the rest of the world to go fuck themselves if they do n’t like your god damned picture .
People can see clearly through the fakes anyway , so why try ?
( B) Hosts : 3 words .
Photobucket.com ( yes that ’s one word fucker ) Fucking Sucks .
How many times have you seen the bandwith exceeded picture ?
Sign up with Flickr.com that shit never happens with images hosted with them and the features are just plain better .
4. Videos :
The one thing that bothers me about videos are the people who insist on having multiple auto - play videos on their page .
Those same people often have a Myspace audio track on there as well .
who ca n’t watch 3 videos and listen to 4 audio tracks at the same fucking time ?
5.Top Friends : 8 to 12 to 16 .
What the fuck , whats next , a top 100 friends ?
How many ‘ best ’ friends can a person fucking have ?
It should have been a simple ‘ top 10 ’ and god forbid you get taken off the list and replaced by another person .
That ’s like the new way to bitch slap a mother fucker silly .
I ’ve seen a girl become Irate because some guy she was banging took her off his top list and I ’ve been bitched at by people because they are not on my top list .
You people are crazier than I am .
6.Comments : Stop posting the seizure inducing images and pictures that obviously break the page layout , learn how to resize the photos .
Videos with audio , see item 4 .
7.Cam Whores :
This has got to be the funniest thing .
Wow , this extremely hot girl wants to be your friend .
Says she lives local and she wants you to check out her cool web cam !
Sweet , you might get laid .
Time to wake up fool , if you fall for all those friend requests , it will ultimately lead to you paying $ 12.95 and jacking off to some cracked out middle aged whore in Prague via her web cam .
I do n’t get it , there is plenty of free porn to be found ( * cough * purextc.com * cough * ) yet they keep popping up .
Next time you get one of these , check out the profile and there will be comments like “ hey girl , hit me up ” “ thanks for the add ” like she ’s doing you a fucking favor by trying to sell you shit .
These fucking idiots .
I wish it was legal to shoot people .
* Your friends can be referred to as any one of the following ( Asshole , Bitch , Cock , Douchebag , Fucker , Idiot , Moron , Loser , Prick , Shithead ) provided they retain the right to call you as such in return .
This list is not complete .
Extra points are given to those who can come up with more entertaining , varied or combined names .
IE : ’Shitbag Cockbite ’
Edit 08/07/2006 :
The fact that I ’m an illiterate high school dropout , drunk at the time of writing , and too lazy to edit this fucking post for two months , might tell you one thing :
My readers can be assholes .
In short , I fixed some goddamn spelling errors .
Thanks for staying till the end , read the comments , you guys left some good gripes I had missed .
Myspace sucks
Hamburgers are seen as the archetypal ' junk food '
By Brendan O'Neill
You can't open a newspaper or switch on the box without hearing about the latest initiative to wean young people in particular off " junk food " and on to healthier foodstuffs .
Last week , the Office for Communications ( Ofcom ) unveiled plans to ban ads for junk food during TV programmes aimed at kids .
That followed hot on the heels of the government 's clampdown in September on the sale of chocolate , crisps , the fizzy stuff ( cola , lemonade , etc ) and " low - quality meat " in schools across the nation .
Obesity to a growing problem
But what exactly is junk food ?
It 's widely believed that the phrase was coined by Michael Jacobson , director of the American Center for Science in the Public Interest , in 1972 .
For most people , the phrase conjures up images of hamburgers , pizzas , chips and sweets .
For the Food Standards Agency - from which both the government and Ofcom got their definition of junk food - it is any food high in fat , salt or sugar .
So why are some fatty foods defined as " junk " , but others are not ?
Government ministers and celebrity chefs look down their noses at French fries ( which in McDonald 's contain about 5g of fat ) , and at the same time think nothing of tucking into a dish like duck a l'orange ( which can contain 15 to 20g of fat in a single serving ) .
And why are some food outlets , such as McDonald 's or Domino 's Pizza , labelled as " junk " , while others that serve similar dishes , like posh burger bars or Pizza Express , are seen as being acceptable and trendy , and possibly even healthy ?
Using figures from Calorie King [ see Internet links on right ] , we compared the nutritional content of dishes served in various high street restaurant chains and discovered that the label " junk food " is used selectively indeed .
PIZZA
DOMINO'S :
Half an American Hot
507 calories
17.7g fat
59.4g carbs PIZZA EXPRESS :
Half an American Hot
517 calories
13.2g fat
68.6g carbs
Pizzas are viewed differently , depending on where you eat them .
Domino 's Pizza , for example , is considered by many to be " junk food " , while Pizza Express , beloved of the middle classes , is seen as healthy Italian grub .
Healthy Italian grub ?
There is little real difference in terms of nutritional content between an outlet like Domino 's and the fashionable minimalist restaurants of Pizza Express .
For example , half an American Hot pizza in Pizza Express has more calories and more carbohydrates , while one in Domino 's has slightly more fat .
HAMBURGERS
McDONALD'S :
Hamburger and strawberry milkshake
640 calories
18g fat ED'S DINER :
Hamburger and strawberry milkshake
1,104 calories
31.8g fat
McDonald 's , the most famous sellers of hamburgers , is seen by some as the archetypal " junk food " outlet .
Yet other , trendier burger bars often serve fattier dishes .
McDonald 's has become more open about its nutritional content .
Its leaflet , Our Food , Nutrition and You , was on prominent display in the two restaurants I visited .
McDonald 's have salads now
Ed 's Easy Diner , however , a 50s - style outlet with branches around the capital , was able to provide info on its burgers and shakes - and they contain more fat than McDonald 's fare .
Ed 's classic hamburger and strawberry milkshake contains more calories and fat than the same meal in McDonald's .
Aesthetic appeal
Why does the " junk food " tag seem to be applied selectively , and often to food outlets in urban and suburban areas but not to those in leafier parts ?
Is there some snobbery at play here ?
According to Peter Marsh , of the Social Issues Research Centre in Oxford , which studies food and obesity issues , the term " junk " has become " simply a matter of aesthetics " , a way of disapproving of certain foods .
" Some may argue that it is a matter of content levels of fat , sugar and salt , " he says .
" But in that case , foie gras , Iles Flotants , most pates and so on are also junk . "
Johan Koeslag , a professor of medical physiology in South Africa , says junk food has become an " empty " phrase .
He points out that French fries are seen as " junk food " , but roast potatoes are not .
Bread is a basic foodstuff , but biscuits are " junk " .
The sugar in cake is detrimental to health , but the sugar in honey and grapes is not .
" The adjective ' junk ' [ is ] unfortunate , if not outright misleading , " he says .
Perhaps it is time we junked the " junk food " tag , and thought up better ways to define food .
Send in your comments using the form below .
Fast food outlet burgers will have less calories and fat because they are far smaller .
They do n't properly constitute a full meal and are often eaten as snacks .
Robin , Edinburgh
I am a chef by trade and feel that another word is very misleading and is worthless , but is seen as being good and that is fresh .
Is it freshly made , fresh ingredients , but made last week ?
How fresh is fresh - picked last year or two days ago ?
What does the word mean in food ?
Francis Gerald , Worcester
To my mind junk food is anything made with poor quality ingredients and stuffed with all manner of otherwise unnecessary additives .
On this basis many supposedly ' healthy ' low - fat , low - sugar foods are actually junk , with modified starch , artificial sweeteners and the like added to take the place of what 's been left out .
To eat well all that 's needed is real food , made with a range of good quality ingredients , consumed in sensible quantities .
As the old adage goes , " all things in moderation " .
Phil , Romford , Essex
Eating a 2,000 calorie double - chicken burger on a one - off trip to a restaurant is n't going to make you unhealthy or obese , but eat it three of four times a week from a conveyor belt outlets on the High Street and it will .
The problem is making people aware of their RDA of fat , salt and calories so they can budget for these meals accordingly .
Pete Brooksbank , Nottingham
A Big Mac every once in a while , or indeed a creme brulee , is not going to hurt , but it 's excess - the pathology of our society in general that is damaging .
The junk label is a lot to do with snobbery and class .
Notice that expensive , unhealthy food is never labelled junk .
Gus Swan , London , UK
I enjoyed this article but I think the author cherry picked a definition of junk food .
For many of us junk food in addition to being high in sugar , fat , and carbohydrates is also food that is mass - produced and cheap .
Labels which do not apply to canard a l'orange and fois gras .
SC , Fairfax , US
Perhaps its time people used their brains rather than relied on someone tagging food as " junk " .
The majority of the British public are not so thick that they cannot figure out that a burger from McDonald 's is similarly high in fat to one from a gastro - pub or other outlet , albeit that you are paying 2 x or 3 x as much for the latter .
Fat Dave , Cheshire
Perhaps we 're concentrating too much on the food and not enough on exercise and activity .
I used to stand up for most of the working day and although not " fit " did at least get some exercise .
Since changing jobs I now sit down in front of a PC for most of the day and my weight has soared .
My diet has n't really changed .
Ian Leonard , Pewsey , Wiltshire
It 's not the fat content .
It 's the type of fat .
Johnny Smith , Toronto
Your article tells only a small part of the story .
In your comparisons you have n't made any distinction between different types of fats ( saturated , unsaturated , trans - fats etc ) , the availability of healthy options , fresh fruit and vegetables , the levels of salt and sugar in the foods you 've examined ...
Richard , Birmingham , UK
Labels will always have to be applied .
It is easy and convenient to apply the term junk food and to demonise its providers .
Your findings do not surprise me .
What really is ' healthy ' food anyway ?
It is balance in life that is important .
Plus of course exercise , which is sadly lacking for many people today .
Ian Parry , Urmston , Manchester , England
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
SAN FRANCISCO —
Most people have n’t heard of QNX Software , though they ’ve likely come in contact with it .
The real - time operating system is used where software failure can lead to catastrophic consequences , even death – from high - speed trains to air traffic control towers to highway toll systems .
It ’s also used in more than 100 different types of cars on the road .
For Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd. , which operates nuclear power plants in Canada , China and Slovenia , downtime just is n’t an option .
About 15 to 20 years ago , the Mississauga , Ont. - based company turned to QNX ’s real - time operating system to keep its plants running .
Since then , it ’s upgraded to version 4.0 and is now rolling out 6.0 – and that ’s it .
“ We chose QNX initially because of its micro-kernel architecture , its performance and its real - time capabilities , ” said Ross Judd , manager of information and control systems development with Atomic Energy .
“ Our applications are real - time applications – they involve data acquisition through machine interfaces and control rooms . ”
It recently upgraded the hardware in its Slovenia plant , but did n’t have to upgrade the software except for one driver , he said .
That application has been running for more than 10 years , and the company does n’t anticipate upgrading the software for another 15 to 20 years .
“ I do n’t know how they do it , but they have a product line that seems to be very stable , ” said Judd .
Nuclear power plants have a lifecycle of about 30 years , he said , so these plants require technology that ’s stable over long periods of time .
“ That ’s what QNX has given us in contrast to some other operating systems like Windows , ( where ) you ’re upgrading all the time , mostly for security reasons , ” he said .
“ Besides its basic capabilities , ( QNX ) has features that protect it from failures that are n’t available in other operating systems . ”
Atomic Energy is using QNX and its own in - house applications ; it does n’t use any other third - party products .
And this provides the company with better control , said Judd , since it has to meet certain regulatory requirements and standards for its software .
“ They provided redundant network support early on , ” he said .
“ They have their own networking protocols that allow you to create distributed applications very easily .
Combined with their message handling , they meet our regulatory requirements as well as our need for quality assurance . ”
The QNX operating system is a micro- kernel operating system , which means it consists of a relatively small base of code .
“ Take a string of Christmas lights , ” said Darrin Shewchuk , head of communications with Kanata , Ont. - based QNX Software Systems Ltd .
“ Remember the old style of Christmas lights where you had a big long string and if one bulb burned out the whole thing burned out and you had to go through each one and find out which single bulb failed ?
That ’s Microsoft . ”
Only a few components that are critical to maintaining the operation of a function are in what ’s called the protected kernel .
All other elements are in modules that plug into the kernel .
That means if one function fails , it wo n’t bring down the other functions ; they ’re protected from corrupting each other .
“ When you ’ve got Microsoft on your desktop and you have a problem with Explorer or Excel , it can hang up your computer where your only option is to shut the entire thing down , ” said Shewchuk .
“ It might be something as silly as a printer driver , but it affects the whole operating system because all the code is in this monolithic structure . ”
In a micro-kernel operating system , upgrading software consists of slotting in one module , rather than bringing down the entire system .
“ If you want to go from having one switch to multiple switches , you can link those together seamlessly without bringing the entire system down and having to reboot an entirely new system up , ” he said .
The old - fashioned way of thinking was that when you hard - wired all these applications together , your systems could run faster .
That was true 20 years ago when systems were much less complex , said Shewchuk , but nowadays even simple devices connect to the Internet and have a graphical capability , and many of them are networked .
“ The amount of code and complexity of coding becomes more and more difficult and the amount of discipline it takes to maintain the operating system in those environments is incredibly complex , ” he said .
“ It ’s a more clean , defined process for coding in a micro- kernel . ”
Apple Computer 's Steve Jobs has apparently won his long - running battle with the record industry over the pricing of songs in the iTunes Music Store .
Jobs has long insisted that the store 's 99 - cents - per - song price point should stay in place , while record companies had argued for more flexible pricing , with newer songs going for a higher price , and catalog material selling for less .
The record companies had also pushed for a subscription option similar to that followed by most other online music stores .
Now , according to The New York Post , the record companies have largely thrown in the towel , and will allow Apple to keep pricing flat .
The victory is , however , somewhat Pyrrhic for Apple ; the company makes very little money ( proportionately ) from iTMS , and uses the store largely as a way to lure customers into buying iPods and lock them into its FairPlay DRM , which we all know works only with one audio player .
( Why do you think the French are giving them such a hard time ? )
Keeping pricing simple is part of Jobs ' strategy to avoid losing customers to competing platforms , which have access to music stores that offer unlimited download subscription packages for as little as $ 8 per month .
Level pricing may help stanch defections -- but it's not likely to produce any increased revenue for Apple , which is apparently just how they like it .
SAN FRANCISCO --
A little - known capability in Google 's search engine has helped security vendor Websense uncover thousands of malicious Web sites , as well as several legitimate sites that have been hacked , the company said today .
By taking advantage Google 's binary search capability , Websense has created new software tools that can sniff out malware using the popular search engine .
Websense researchers Googled for strings that were used in known malware like the Bagel and Mytob worms and have uncovered about 2,000 malicious
Web sites over the past month , according to Dan Hubbard , senior director of security and research with Websense .
Though Google is widely used to search the Internet for Web pages and office documents , the search engine can also peek through the binary information stored in the normally unreadable executable ( .exe ) files that are run by Windows computers .
" They actually look inside the internals of an executable and index that information , " Hubbard said .
For Good Guys Only
Hubbard and his team plans to share its
Google code with a select group of security researchers , but it will not make the software public , for fear that the tool could be misused by the bad guys .
Virus authors , for example , could use the Websense software to search for worms and viruses to use in their attacks , Hubbard said .
" Instead of buying them on the black market ( an attacker ) could search for them and download them on his own . "
Some bloggers have pointed out that hackers might also be able to manipulate the binary search feature to trick Google users into downloading malicious software .
Hackers could add common search terms into their malicious code in order to be included in search results , for example , which would then show up alongside legitimate Web sites .
On Guard
Google has seen this happen " on occasion , " and is making an effort to shield users from this malicious software , a Google spokeswoman said .
This type of attack would n't work unless users clicked on the standard Windows prompt saying that they want the executable code to run on their systems .
And this is something that most Web surfers are smart enough to avoid , according to Johnny Long , a security researcher with Computer Sciences .
" I think the ' tricking your browser into running an executable file ' trick is a little old , " said Long , who wrote the book Google Hacking for Penetration Testers .
" There are other more elegant attacks to worry about . "
Deeper Google Plans ?
The most interesting thing about Google 's binary search capability is not its security implications , Long said , but the fact that it shows that Google may be thinking about becoming a file searching service .
" There is this whole wealth of files out there that Google 's not touching , " he said .
" This indicates that they 're spreading out into more avenues and that they 're probably going to be crawling more content than what they 're looking at now . "
A federal judge in U.S. District Court in Chicago has ruled that Craigslist is not responsible for openly discriminatory housing ads placed on its site by users .
In the case of Chicago Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law Inc. v. Craigslist Inc. , No. 06C-0657 ( N.D. Ill. ) , Judge Amy St. Eve upheld Craigslist 's argument that it is not a " publisher " of housing ads , but merely a provider of online " interactive services , " and therefore is not liable for the content of users ' posts under the 1996 Communications Decency Act .
The plaintiff in the case , a Chicago - based civil rights group called Chicago Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , filed suit against Craigslist back in February .
The suit alleged that posts made to Craigslist 's housing board between the months of July and October , 2005 were openly discriminatory and thus were illegal under the 1968 Fair Housing Act .
The posts at issue described very specifically who the posters did and did not want as tenants , with some posts explicitly excluding certain racial groups and others implicitly excluding everyone but a specific type of desired applicant .
The case has been closely watched by the tech industry and by civil liberties advocates .
Back in June , a number of online companies , including Amazon , Google , and Yahoo , filed an amicus brief with the court on Craigslist 's behalf .
The EFF and eBay also supported Craigslist in the lawsuit .
All of these parties were hoping for a solid legal precedent granting them blanket immunity from all liabilities resulting from the contents of users ' posts .
The judge did n't quite grant the hoped - for latitude , ruling instead that Craigslist is only immune in its capacity as a publisher of third - party content .
This implies that there may be some other , non-publisher capacity in which Craigslist could conceivably be found liable for the contents of users ' posts .
Personal ads , bouncer exclusion , and information asymmetry
Before the passage of the Fair Housing Act , it was common to read classified ads for housing in which the landlord had quite explicitly stated , " colored [ or Jews , or Italians , etc. ] need not apply , " or " whites only . "
The passage of the Fair Housing
Act made it a crime for commercial landlords to exclude potential tenants or buyers based on race ; this rule does n't apply to smaller , non-commerical landlords ( e.g. , a little old lady who rents out a room in her house ) , who can exclude people based on whatever criteria they like .
Subsequent case law that interprets the Fair Housing
Act prohibits publishers from printing or airing openly exclusionary advertisements for property , with the result that nobody ( not even a little old lady ) can post a " whites only " classified ad in the paper .
However , the ensuing history of real estate has seen the evolution of a variety of exclusionary tactics that work just as well , if not better , than the old " whites only " classifieds .
This past January , I attended the 2006 Coase Lecture at the University of Chicago 's Law School .
In the lecture , entitled " Information Asymmetries and the Rights to Exclude , " Associate Professor Lior Strahilevitz described some of the legal history of discriminatory housing practices in the U.S.
( You can get the podcast from the U of C law school faculty blog . )
He identified three different types of exclusionary strategies that landlords have used to select the type(s ) of tenants that they want for their property :
Bouncer 's exclusion :
The owner sets the selection effect in motion directly , using some mechanism ( e.g. , a bouncer posted at the door , or a racially restrictive zoning law ) designed to weed out undesired tenants based on positive identification of who he does and does not want .
This type of exclusion is what the courts have tended to restrict most severely , as in the case of the Fair Housing Act .
Exclusionary vibes : Potential buyers or renters exclude themselves based on the way that the owner has decided to advertise the property ( e.g. , a billboard for downtown lofts that features a scantily clad woman holding a martini is not likely to attract Mormon couples ) .
In case law that interprets the Fair Housing Act , the courts have moved to restrict some of these vibes .
Most relevant for the Craigslist ruling is case law that prohibits " whites only " - type advertising , even in cases where the landlord might actually be allowed to exclude based on race or other arbitrary factors ( e.g. , a couple who rents a room in their house for the summer ) .
Exclusionary amenities :
The owner provides an amenity that causes a selection effect , because it functions like a tax on undesired groups .
For instance , a condo owner 's association that does n't want single people buying condos might include a children 's play area in the building , along with a mandatory monthly fee for maintaining it .
Strahilevitz argues that the most important distinction among these three types of exclusion is the amount of information that landlords and potential buyers / tenants either have or can cost - effectively obtain about each other .
In other words , informational asymmetries — and the costs associated with overcoming those asymmetries — guide a landlord in selecting among these three , generally interchangeable exclusionary strategies .
Bouncer 's exclusion presumes the absence of informational asymmetry in order to work .
In other words , both the racist landlord and the would - be tenant must have equal access to an important piece of information governing the transaction , i.e. , the race of the would - be tenant .
Typically , a landlord would get such information about the tenant by means of an interview , either by phone or in - person , but such interviews are n't always economically feasible .
This is especially true when the would - be tenant pool is very large , and the landlord 's time is limited .
When cost and time constraints prohibit the use of bouncer 's exclusion by making informational asymmetries impossible to overcome , Strahilevitz argues that landlords use options 2 and 3 ( exclusionary vibes and exclusionary amenities ) to move the burden of selection onto potential tenants or buyers .
The kinds of small - time , non-commercial lessors that typically use free online services like Craigslist can't really afford to offer exclusionary amenities , so this leaves them with the exclusionary vibes option .
Now , this is where the Craigslist case becomes interesting .
What I 'd suggest is that the informational asymmetries inherent in mass - market online advertising venues make exclusionary vibes the most economical option for both lessors and large classified ad sites , at least right now .
Or , in plain English , it 's actually cheaper for online ad posters and sites like Craigslist to let jerks be themselves publicly , instead of forcing them to hide it until a potential renter shows up at the door .
If this is indeed the case , then not only will this issue not go away , but it's also just as much of a basic property rights issue as it is a " free speech vs. civil rights " issue .
It also helps us clarify the interests of service providers like Craigslist in keeping this kind of language free from active policing .
Exclusionary vibes and large , online classified ad venues
Google , Yahoo , AOL , and others have a strong incentive to direct the most eyeballs possible toward their classified ads .
So such online classified venues are the very opposite of the local niche paper , like " The Irish - American Times , " in that they want to match the highest number of viewers with the highest number of ads .
Because there is by design relatively little self - selection among the viewers of the Craigslist classifieds , the burden of narrowing the field of potential renters falls largely on the landlord .
A typical small - time lessor with a room to rent and very little time for personally screening a large applicant pool ( i.e. , bouncer 's exclusion ) will naturally want to move some of the burden of selection back onto the potential tenant pool .
If she 's advertising on a large , relatively diverse online venue like Craigslist , her only option is probably the emission of some form of ( relatively unsophisticated ) exclusionary vibes .
These exclusionary vibes , as odiously unsubtle as they may be , are currently the most practical , low - cost way for the small - time , amateur online classifieds user to exercise her basic right to exclude people from the use of her property .
This is especially true if she wants to reach the largest pool of potential tenants by posting to a very diverse board like Craigslist .
The other option for the racist lessor is a string of pointless meetings with people who she 's not going to offer a lease to and who , if they had sufficient advance information about her racism , would n't have bothered responding to the ad anyway .
I 'm not saying that I think it 's ok to post a Craigslist housing ad that says , " whites only . "
Rather , I 'm suggesting that the following factors make this kind of thing not only inevitable but actually desirable ( from a cost perspective ) to sites like Craigslist , Google , AOL , Yahoo , etc. :
The growing scale and reach of large online classified venues
The large informational asymmetry between landlords who post online ads and the users of such ads
The limitations of the text - based classifieds medium , which offers only one way to emit exclusionary vibes , i.e. , explicitly exclusionary language
If the courts eventually follow the lead of newspaper classifieds and force online classified ad venues to restrict exclusionary language , then this would mean that landlords and real estate developers will be forced to find more novel ways to narrow the number of folks who respond to their ads .
This will probably mean a move toward advertising on more niche - specific , exclusive sites , so that the site itself does most of the weeding out , instead of the ad .
Craigslist does n't want to see this happen , and neither do AOL , Google , or Yahoo .
Further reading
Corporate research and development is like exercise :
It takes time , energy , and commitment – and it ’s absolutely essential to staying fit and alert .
But while humans have to put in time on the treadmill to keep that paunch at bay , more and more companies are paying someone else to do the sweaty work .
Think of it as R&D by M&A .
Corporations are always trying to grow – creating new products , developing new features , expanding into new markets .
The old - school approach is to build a big R&D department .
Put smart minds on long leashes , the thinking goes , and perhaps they ’ll come up with something innovative .
But blue - sky research is a drag on the bottom line .
Even the most pedestrian form of R&D , product development , requires dedicated staff and a fair amount of experimentation .
What a bother !
Why not just buy a smaller firm that ’s already succeeding in a new market ?
Cisco long ago adopted this approach – acquiring 107 companies over a 12 - year period ending in 2005 – and along the way became one of the most valuable tech companies in the world .
The network equipment manufacturer continues to deal its way into new markets .
To expand its presence in the digital living room , Cisco spent $ 6.9 billion last year– nearly twice its entire R&D budget – to buy cable - box maker Scientific - Atlanta .
Other Wired 40 companies are also opening their wallets .
In 2005 , News Corp. entered the social networking fray with a $ 580 million buyout of MySpace ’s parent company .
In May of this year , it bought online karaoke player kSolo.com and news aggregator Newroo .
eBay last year dropped $ 2.6 billion on voice - over - IP phenom Skype .
Pfizer spent almost $ 2 billion – more than a quarter of its total 2005 R&D outlay – to get its hands on Vicuron Pharmaceuticals , a biotech firm with two anti-infectant drugs in FDA trials .
In April , Salesforce.com bought Sendia to get its applications to work on handheld devices .
Nowhere has the M&A - as - R&D trend been deeper than in online search .
Thanks to booming ad revenue , Google and Yahoo have a combined $ 4.3 billion in cash and equivalents , and they ’re not afraid to spend big .
In the last 18 months , Google gobbled up Dodgeball , Urchin Software , and Upstartle , gaining entry into mobile social networking , Web analytics tools , and Web - based word processing .
Yahoo went on its own Pac - Man - style rampage , swallowing Konfabulator , Webjay , Upcoming.org , Flickr , and del.icio.us .
Urp .
Now the company offers interface widgets , online playlists , an event - tracking service , and photo - and bookmark - sharing .
Not to be outdone , Microsoft extended its domain by acquiring a staggering 24 companies in the last year or so , including bookmarking startup Onfolio .
Small firms , meanwhile , are eager to step up to the auction block .
The dream of every office park startup used to be a blockbuster initial public offering .
But the market for IPOs has weakened since the bubble burst , and post - Enron regulations have made that exit strategy costly and cumbersome .
So the new endgame is acquisition .
Companies seem to be forming with the sole intent of selling out to Yahoo , Google , or Microsoft .
“ The stars are aligning for entrepreneurs , ” says Jim Barnett , CEO of Web ad- automation startup Turn , a potential Web 2.0 acquisition target .
“ It ’s a mistake to start a company with the plan to flip it to Google or Yahoo .
That said , I have a great deal of respect for both companies and would never rule out anything . ”
Did you hear that , Mr. Schmidt ?
Who ’s doing it ?
eBay
Voice - over - IP telephony
Pfizer
Biotech drugs
Microsoft
24 deals in 12 months !
Cisco
Cable set - top boxes
- Josh McHugh
credit : John Blackford
Six Trends Driving the Global Economy :
>
People Power
Video Unlimited
Personalize It
Carbon Killers
Buy It Now
All - Access Economy
All is not lost .
This is the good news .
All is not dire and hopeless and warmongering and sexless and Bush .
I know , it 's amazing , but it 's true .
You see , bright spots exist .
Radiant spots .
Glimmers of possibility and progress , deep pools of hope and moan and yum .
We have but to look .
And yearn .
Like , right here .
Here is a mini- phenomenon , happening right before our eyes .
It is this : Amazon.com is selling sex toys .
A lot of sex toys .
More than you knew it would ever dare sell and more than you even knew were being manufactured in the world today and a more advanced and varied selection than you probably imagined they could ever get away with .
And what 's more , Amazon has added this array of delicious adult goods quietly , effortlessly , with zero fanfare and zero marketing and zero apparent intolerant outcry ( so far as I know ) from the right - wing Christian sex tormenters , and with absolutely no children anywhere in the nation spontaneously combusting or being struck by lightning and / or converting to wanton paganism ( yet ) by viewing any of these items ( which they easily can ) --
which , as we all know , is just fabulously encouraging and good .
Have you seen ?
Did you know ?
Let us look closer .
Because it is not a small selection .
This is no trifling thing .
Amazon 's sex - toy department is simply a huge portion of the site 's Health and Personal Care area .
The " Sex and Sensuality " section of the site contains a staggering 37,000 items , with the Sexual Enhancers ( that 's the toys , baby ) subsection alone offering up a whopping 4,863 items -- enough to satisfy an entire repressed evangelical congregation and terrify Alabama and make Lynne Cheney swoon and still have plenty left over for a long weekend with the entire cast of " Hot Teen Slut Nurses IV . "
This is no cheapy side venture , no Amazon trying to score a few bucks by secretly selling a few glorious Hitachi Magic Wands and those overrated ( but still cute ) pink - rabbit pearl vibes and some tubes of K - Y jelly and Trojan condoms and a handful of cheapy plastic Chinese - made vibrators .
No sirree .
Amazon has not held back .
Amazon has committed completely to the cause .
This is America 's favorite online bookstore , all grown up and happily kinky and winking in your general direction .
And while I would normally recommend against buying such fabulous goods from Amazon and instead urge you to purchase from the indie shops that started it all , places such as Good Vibrations and Blowfish , all of which carry many better - quality toys than some of Amazon 's brands and have been fearlessly illuminating the path to sexual satisfaction for years and decades , often against a staggeringly high wall of sexual ignorance from the government and the Christian right , it appears that Amazon has partnered with at least one of these fabulous stores ( Seattle 's Babeland ) , so you really can't go too wrong .
Of course , Amazon does n't actually carry most of these items in its own warehouses .
It is the mere reseller , the great middleman offering its distribution channel to specialty sex - toy companies such as ForePlay and Frolics Superstore and Boston Pump ( go ahead , guess what it makes ) , Swedish Erotica and the venerable Doc Johnson and Hidden Flower and Sensua Organics and well over 300 others .
This makes them , interestingly , the great bringer of sex - toy awareness , the unwitting spreader of lubricious good news , the well - oiled and highly pleasurable anti-Wal - Mart .
It also makes them , I imagine , the biggest sex - toy store in the world .
And for much of America , for those too timid or too uncertain to shop for such delightful goods in the specialty sex stores , this is a divine development indeed .
There are no cheesy porny product shots .
There is no explicit nudity or raunchy descriptions , except for the wonderful and silly product titles .
There is no age - verification system and no insulting adult warning and no purchase restrictions .
Amazon has done the perfectly natural thing of merely folding the toys into its array of general offerings as if nothing 's unusual , no pornographic shock value , nothing to worry about .
It 's as if these items were perfectly commonplace and acceptable and everyone should have them .
Imagine .
This , then , is the most glorious upshot .
Sex toys , like much of the porn biz in general , have gone mainstream .
They have been normalized .
There is no more guilt .
There is no more fear and uptight sexual dread and nonsensical , ignorant cries of who , pray who , will save the children .
There is only titillation and tingling skin and the big , wide grins of satisfied customers .
What a wonderful message this sends .
What a desperately needed notion for a sex - starved and deeply misinformed , orgasmically uncertain nation .
It is this :
Sex and the heavenly toys that enhance and enliven it need not be some secret ugly thing , hidden , hesitant , embarrassing , separate from your " regular " life .
Do not shield your eyes and quiver in fear .
Do not back away and think this sort of thing is not for you .
Go ahead , just toss into your Amazon shopping cart a few things to go along with the latest Christopher Moore novel and a digital camera and an iPod sleeve and a beach umbrella and a camping stove and the new Brazilian Girls CD .
See ?
Nothing to it .
It 's just ... normal .
It 's just right .
It 's just healthy and affirmative and might actually go a long way toward alleviating a tiny bit of the nasty karmic tension currently racking the American body like a deep muscle knot , a coiled spring , a painfully repressed orgasm .
Imagine .
By Jo Twist
BBC News science and technology reporter
Software brings together real - time video , location data and graphics
The system automatically tracks and stitches 3D images with CCTV video , maps and other real - time information .
It automatically alerts operators to intruders , unusual behaviour , left objects or anything it is told to spot .
The UK 's former defence research agency , QinetiQ , plans to bring the US system , called Praetorian , to the UK .
It is currently in operation at airports in the US and other high security environments there .
" This is a huge step , not just an incremental step [ for CCTV ] " , Simon Stringer , managing director of QinetiQ 's security division told the BBC News website .
The London Underground system alone , the epicentre of the recent bombings , has more then 6,000 CCTV cameras on the network .
The Praetorian system looks like something one would see in a computer game or the TV series 24 .
It has rendered graphics of landscapes and real - time video inserts of objects which can be seen and navigated from different angles .
Camera to camera
The term Praetorian was originally the name given to the tent of Roman commanding generals - praetors .
The Praetorian Guard was the select gang of individuals who would protect it .
" It [ Praetorian ] provides a composite picture which means you are not only able to determine where something is going on , but control the incident by deploying appropriate personnel to the area , " explained Dr Stringer .
The big advantage is that not only do you have situational awareness , but the system will automatically alert you to intruders , abnormal behaviour , left objects or anything else you tell it to look for
Simon Stringer , QinetiQ
Automatic handover from one camera to another , without operators manually switching views , is highly desirable for CCTV systems .
Praetorian will graphically build up the terrain around the CCTV video insert and will swap camera views seamlessly in real - time too .
Those movements can then be rendered and projected onto a 3D map which would allow the individual to be intercepted or isolated , away from busy public transport , for instance .
By stitching different 3D and real - time information together , the system presents a rather game - like interface .
Situational awareness
" What it does is to give you an overall perspective on a region or a site or an area such that you get a composite picture of the whole thing , " explained Dr Stringer .
" The big advantage is that not only do you have situational awareness , but the system will automatically alert you to intruders , abnormal behaviour , left objects or anything else you tell it to look for . "
The software automatically tracks objects you tell it to
Praetorian is not a biometric system that tries to pick out particular people , however .
" It is not looking at a database of people .
It is looking for anomalies in behaviour , for example , people loitering in places you would not expect them to be , " said Dr Stringer .
" Somebody loitering on a continual basis , or indeed leaving something would alarm it .
You can then decide if you want to capture the image and refer it to other images . "
It is programmed to know what is considered " normal human behaviour " in any given context , so can detect the typical movements of someone speaking on a mobile , for example .
Abandoned objects will also be detected because the system will know what is supposed to be in a particular image in ordinary circumstances .
If it spots something it does not recognise , it will alert the operator who can then inspect the image more closely to decide whether it is deemed a threat or not .
" The computer scans and recognises a normal environment , " said Dr Stringer .
" If something is put down and becomes part of the environment that computer does not see as normal , it will sound an alarm and the operator will see if it warrants further investigation . "
Dr Stringer said QinetiQ was confident that the system would be deployed in the UK and the company is in talks with UK authorities .
As it is a software system , it can be overlaid on top of existing CCTV network architectures .
Could Google help to land humans on the moon again by 2020 ?
Google is to build a new office complex on the site of Nasa 's research facility in California , close to its own headquarters in Silicon Valley .
The two companies will co-operate in a range of areas including IT solutions , data management and nanotechnology .
It would look to " bring entrepreneurs into the space programme " , Nasa added .
A new frontier ?
The two companies have signed a memorandum of understanding , although the financial terms of the joint venture were not disclosed .
Google is expanding rapidly and recently raised more than $ 4bn for new projects by selling shares in the company .
As part of the venture , Google will develop one million square feet of real estate at the Nasa Ames research centre .
Google and Nasa share a common desire
Eric Schmidt , Google
The centre , built in 1939 , has been at the heart of the US space program for many years , conducting research into the Apollo moon missions between 1963 and 1972 .
Nasa recently unveiled plans to make another moon landing by 2020 .
Examples of areas of potential collaboration include the development of new types of remote sensors and improving analysis of engineering problems .
" Google and Nasa share a common desire , to bring a universe of information to people around the world , " said Eric Schmidt , Google 's chairman and chief executive .
" Imagine having a wide selection of images from the Apollo space mission at your fingertips whenever you want it . "
Scott Hubbard , director of Nasa Ames Center , claimed the partnership could provide a huge range of potential benefits to the space programme .
" While our joint efforts will benefit both organisations , the real winner will be the American public , " he said .
WASHINGTON , Sept. 11 — A group of oil companies led by Chevron , which said last week that they had discovered a huge new oil field in the Gulf of Mexico , could avoid more than $ 1 billion in royalty payments to the federal government for the oil .
The potential bonus to Chevron and its partners stems from a mistake the Interior Department made in signing offshore leases in the late 1990 ’s for drilling in federal waters .
The magnitude of the oil discovery — estimated in a range of 3 billion to 15 billion barrels — is likely to intensify a battle in Congress over incentives for drilling in publicly owned waters .
Under pressure from lawmakers , Chevron and other big producers have said that they would renegotiate their leases .
But they have not said how much they are willing to give up , and the Interior Department has virtually no bargaining power under current law .
Chevron and its partners , Devon Energy and Statoil ASA of Norway , have six leases in the Jack oil field , about 175 miles off the coast of Louisiana .
Two of the leases allow the companies to avoid royalties on as much as 87.5 million barrels of oil per lease .
Anyone who regards themselves as a serious programmer has internalized a lot of different ways of searching : hash tables , binary , and many different kinds of trees .
I 've used pretty well all of these seriously at some point , but for a decade or so , as far as can I recall I 've used almost exclusively binary search , and I see no reason to change that .
Herewith an essay for programmers , with fully - worked out examples in Java , on why .
[ Updated 39 months after publishing when I read with horror Josh Bloch ’s exposé of a long - lurking bug .
If we ca n’t get binary search right , what chance do we have with real software ? ]
I 'll start out with a discussion of the performance of binary search , look at some of the reasons why people do n't use it and try to poke some holes in them , and conclude with a small tutorial on how to code binary search properly , with working Java examples .
Motivation ·
If you 've already fully internalized binary search and make heavy regular use of it , you can skip what , after all , is basically a rehash of something you took in second - year CS .
This note is provoked by a recent conversation where someone said “ There are five million records here , and we need to do quick lookup ; why do n't we stick them in an Oracle table ? ” I had a better idea .
Also , I think binary search is aesthetically pleasing .
Logarithmic Time ... mmm , Tasty · Everybody knows that in Computer Science jargon , binary search is O ( log 2 ( N ) ) .
Let 's just look at what that means .
If it takes you 1 millisecond to search a million ( say 220 ) items , then it 'll take you about 1.05 to search 2 million , 1.10 to search 4 million , and a whole 1.301 when you get up to 64 million .
Those are awfully nice numbers .
The Alternatives · Now , everyone knows that a hashtable has O ( 1 ) search time , and trees can be updated in place , so why would you use something as primitive as binary search when you have these excellent alternatives ?
Also , with trees and so on you can potentially search really large data sets , too large to fit into memory , with persistent on - disk structures .
All that granted , here are some reasons you might want to use binary search anyhow :
Simplicity · Simplicity is good , and binary search , coded properly , ( see below ) is awfully damn simple .
Hashing requires you to deal with collisions and chaining and all that kind of stuff , and while tree search is pretty straightforward , tree update is hellishly complex .
Less code means less room for bugs , and better use of your CPU 's I - cache , and is just generally good .
Memory Overhead · Binary search requires that you store the search items you 're going to compare in an array of some sort , with exactly zero indexing overhead .
Zero , that 's a nice number .
If you need the kind of performance you get from in - memory searching , you 're going to be able to cram more in with binary than with any other approach .
Code Your Own ·
Of course , any good programming system library will come with a decent precooked hashtable function and maybe a persistent on - disk updateable tree too , so why not use them ?
Well , since they 're coded portably they 'll require you to implement hashkey ( ) and / or compare ( ) methods for your objects , so you 're going to be doing a whole lot of method dispatching or procedure calling , which is a reasonable price for using pre-written code .
On the other hand , binary search is so simple and robust that you can code up five subtly different binary searches for different places in your code , all using optimized direct references into your internal structures , and not suffer any software engineering angst .
Performance ·
In fact , in practical terms , O ( 1 ) is in many cases not noticeably faster than O ( log 2 ( N ) ) .
The difference , if it is n't eaten up in all that collision handling and chaining code , tending to vanish in the static .
Run some measurements ; I have .
Size · Suppose you have way too much data to fit that array into memory .
To start with , are you really sure ?
Check out the cost of stacking up the necessary memory versus the cost of writing and maintaining the code to manage on - disk data structures ; memory prices have probably gone down since the last time you looked .
Suppose it 's still too big .
Consider trying to stuff it in anyhow .
Modern operating systems have these wonderful system calls that tell the system to consider a file to be mapped into memory ; on Unix and Linux systems , it 's called mmap ( ) .
You 'll be surprised the first time you call this on a file that 's eight times the size of your memory and the system comes back a couple of nanoseconds later and says “ OK , what next ? ” .
What 's happening is , the job 's been turned over to the operating sytem 's Virtual Memory subsystem .
This code tends to have been written by people like Dennis Ritchie and Bill Joy and Linus Torvalds , i.e. better programmers than you or I , and be really terrifically smart about making the best use of memory .
Look at it this way : you can write a bunch of complicated code to manage the on - disk vs. in - memory parts of your data , or you can pretend it 's all in memory and use that Dennis / Bill / Linus code to take care of the details .
Although I am given to frequent ( ab) use of mmap ( ) , I continue to be astonished how well it holds up under ridiculous stress .
Finally , in a couple of years , when the cost of RAM has dropped to even more ridiculously small levels , and the current practice of putting half - a - gig of RAM on a laptop seems quaint , your data will have all smoothly migrated into RAM without you having to change anything .
Update · Yes ( gasp ) , it is perfectly possible to update large contiguous arrays in RAM .
GNU Emacs , one of the fastest and most robust editing systems on the planet , just blasts your file into a great big buffer and addresses it as an array of bytes using a low - level C primitive it calls CharAt , which addresses the character at any given integer offset .
The trick is , it keeps the buffer in two extents with a “ gap ” in the middle , and moves the gap around to let you edit ; CharAt checks where the gap is , does a little bit of ridiculously - simple arithmetic and lets you pretend it 's all contiguous .
Last time I checked ( er maybe ten years ago ) CharAt was a macro and you 'd see things like :
CharAt( curPos ++) = whatever TheUserJustTyped ;
There are also tricks like page tables which let you monkey with arrays at run-time ; for example , as a programmer you are allowed to believe that your process memory is a big contiguous array , but that 's all a pleasant illusion brought about by that same virtual - memory code mentioned above .
Of course , you have to worry about concurrency , but if your data structure is , well , an array , or an array with a gap , or an array with a page table , the locking and mutexing you have to do is way simpler than with a tree .
How To Code a Binary Search ·
There 's a story I heard from a prof , that the basic Binary Search idea was around when Alan Turing was still in diapers , but that the first 18 published implementations were buggy .
And I know for a fact that the first few times I coded it I got it wrong .
At this point I should say that I was n't smart enough to devise a non-buggy implementation , nor smart enough to see that a lot of places where people use other things they should really be using binary search .
I learned both those things in the late Eighties from Gaston Gonnet , my mentor back in the days of New Oxford English Dictionary Project at the University of Waterloo , who is both a frighteningly good mathematician and a world - class programmer , responsible for much of the implementation of the Maple algebra language .
All that said , the core idea of binary search is mind - bogglingly simple ; you have a sorted array , you look at the middle element which tells you what you 're looking for is in the top or bottom half , then you take that half , rinse and repeat until done .
Binary Search is a Two - Step Process ·
The easiest way to go off the rails with binary search is checking whether you 've found your target while you 're doing the cutting - down - by - half .
This adds all kinds of complexity for the benefit of cutting down the number of steps from O ( log 2 ( N ) ) to one or two less , which is stupid .
So the recipe is :
Take a " high " pointer and a " low " pointer and keep cutting the space between them in half until they run into each other .
One of them points to what you 're looking for , or it 's not there .
That said , here 's the basic code .
I 've been mostly in Perl - and - C land since about 1999 , but decided to outline this in Java because of all the computer languages I know , Java is the most readable .
People whom I respect say Python is good too , but I 've never got around to learning it .
The following routine is part of a fully - worked - out . java file with a test driver and so on that you can download , we 'll get to that .
If you do n't like my coding style , too bad .
1 static public int search1 ( int [ ] array , int target ) 2 { 3 int high = array .
length , low = - 1 , probe ; 4 while ( high - low > 1 ) 5 { 6 probe = ( low + high ) >>>
1 ; 7 if ( array [ probe ] > target ) 8 high = probe ; 9 else 10 low = probe ; 11 } 12 if ( low == - 1 || array [ low ] != target ) 13 return - 1 ; 14 else 15 return low ; 16 }
Some commentary :
Line 3 : Note that the high and low bounds are set one off the ends of the array , neither of them are initially valid array indices .
This makes all sorts of corner cases go away .
: Note that the high and low bounds are set one off the ends of the array , neither of them are initially valid array indices .
This makes all sorts of corner cases go away .
Line 4 : This loop runs till the high and low bounds are next to each other ; there is no loop breakout .
: This loop runs till the and bounds are next to each other ; there is no loop breakout .
Line 6 : Check and satisfy yourself that probe can never fail to be a valid array index , nor can it end up out of the closed high - low interval .
: Check and satisfy yourself that can never fail to be a valid array index , nor can it end up out of the closed - interval .
Lines 7 - 10 :
The loop invariant is that high is one off the end of the array , or it points at something greater than target ; low is either - 1 or points to something <= target .
: The loop invariant is that is one off the end of the array , or it points at something greater than ; is either - 1 or points to something .
Lines 12 - 15 : If the search succeeded , low will end up pointing at the target .
We can't test for that directly , because if we started with something lower than the lowest value in the array , low will be left at - 1 .
Now there 's a little problem with this ; suppose the array contains [ 1,2,2,3 ] and you search for 2 .
At the end of the search loop , high will be pointing at the 3 and low at the second 2 ; that is to say , when there are stretches of equal values in the array , this will always find the last one .
Suppose this is n't what you want ; if you 're comfortable with the idiom , it 's easy enough to turn around so it finds the first of a repeated sequence :
static public int search ( int [ ] array , int target ) { int high = array .
length , low = - 1 , probe ; while ( high - low > 1 ) { probe = ( low + high ) >>>
1 ; if ( array [ probe ] < target ) low = probe ; else high = probe ; } if ( high == array . length || array [ high ] != target ) return - 1 ; else return high ; }
With any kind of a decent compiler , this is going to generate hellaciously tight code , particularly the search loop .
And , it can't break .
And , once you get used to it , you can code it up without having to think too much .
I got the body of the search1 method up there right , character for character , the first time I typed it in ; it compiled and the tests came out right .
Getting Fancy ·
Once you get comfortable with this idiom , you realize you can fiddle the algorithm depending on what you 're trying to accomplish .
Suppose , for example , you want to search for a range in that array ; take two input numbers and find the index of the entry that is smaller than the lesser of them , and of the entry that is larger than the greater .
For example , if the array is [ 2,4,6,8 ] and I pass in 5 and 6 as arguments , I want the indices 1 and 3 back .
Return the answer in a 2 - integer array ; the values - 1 and array .
length are perfectly reasonable .
static public int [ ] range ( int [ ] array , int floor , int ceiling ) { int [ ] answer = new in t [ 2 ] ; int high , low , probe ; // work on floor high = array .
length ; low = - 1 ; while ( high - low > 1 ) { probe = ( low + high ) >>>
1 ; if ( array [ probe ] < floor ) low = probe ; else high = probe ; } answer [ 0 ] = low ; // work on ceiling high = array .
length ; low = - 1 ; while ( high - low > 1 ) { probe = ( low + high ) >>>
1 ; if ( array [ probe ] > ceiling ) high = probe ; else low = probe ; } answer [ 1 ] = high ; return answer ; }
I 'll leave out the detailed commentary ; I just wanted to make the point that once you get comfy with it , you can do all sorts of useful things with this efficient , compact , simple , robust programming idiom
Measurements · I ran some performance tests , which reminded me how aggravating Java can be , there 's basically no good way to measure CPU consumption without linking in OS - specific code and going the JNI route .
However , you can measure wall - clock time quite easily .
I ran ten passes each of three searches , looking up ten thousand targets in arrays of size one , five , and ten million integers .
I lack the patience to aggregate the numbers and run proper stats , but here 's a summary of what I typically saw :
1M 5M 10 M min , max ( sec ) .021 , .034 .033 , .035 .037 , .039
In other words , the performance difference in going from a million to ten million basically vanishes in the static .
This is a a good thing .
You can grab the Java source if you want to take a closer look .
The Puritans considered Christmas un-Christian , and hoped to keep it out of America .
They could not find Dec. 25 in the Bible , their sole source of religious guidance , and insisted that the date derived from Saturnalia , the Roman heathens ' wintertime celebration .
On their first Dec. 25 in the New World , in 1620 , the Puritans worked on building projects and ostentatiously ignored the holiday .
From 1659 to 1681 Massachusetts went further , making celebrating Christmas " by forbearing of labor , feasting or in any other way " a crime .
The concern that Christmas distracted from religious piety continued even after Puritanism waned .
In 1827 , an Episcopal bishop lamented that the Devil had stolen Christmas " and converted it into a day of worldly festivity , shooting and swearing . "
Throughout the 1800's , many religious leaders were still trying to hold the line .
As late as 1855 , New York newspapers reported that Presbyterian , Baptist and Methodist churches were closed on Dec. 25 because " they do not accept the day as a Holy One . "
On the eve of the Civil War , Christmas was recognized in just 18 states .
Christmas gained popularity when it was transformed into a domestic celebration , after the publication of Clement Clarke Moore 's " Visit from St. Nicholas " and Thomas Nast 's Harper 's Weekly drawings , which created the image of a white - bearded Santa who gave gifts to children .
The new emphasis lessened religious leaders ' worries that the holiday would be given over to drinking and swearing , but it introduced another concern : commercialism .
By the 1920's , the retail industry had adopted Christmas as its own , sponsoring annual ceremonies to kick off the " Christmas shopping season . "
Religious leaders objected strongly .
The Christmas that emerged had an inherent tension : merchants tried to make it about buying , while clergymen tried to keep commerce out .
A 1931 Times roundup of Christmas sermons reported a common theme : " the suggestion that Christmas could not survive if Christ were thrust into the background by materialism . "
A 1953 Methodist sermon broadcast on NBC -- typical of countless such sermons -- lamented that Christmas had become a " profit - seeking period . "
This ethic found popular expression in " A Charlie Brown Christmas . "
In the 1965 TV special , Charlie Brown ignores Lucy 's advice to " get the biggest aluminum tree you can find " and her assertion that Christmas is " a big commercial racket , " and finds a more spiritual way to observe the day .
This year 's Christmas " defenders " are not just tolerating commercialization -- they 're insisting on it .
They are also rewriting Christmas history on another key point : non-Christians ' objection to having the holiday forced on them .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
Defense Department Tracked Quakers , Student Groups
NEW YORK -- Documents released today by the American Civil Liberties Union reveal new details of Pentagon surveillance of Americans opposed to the Iraq war , including Quakers and student groups .
The documents show that the Pentagon was keeping tabs on non-violent protesters by collecting information and storing it in a military anti-terrorism database .
" There is simply no reason why the United States military should be monitoring the peaceful activities of American citizens who oppose U.S. war policies , " said ACLU attorney Ben Wizner .
" When information about non-violent protest activity is included in a military anti-terrorism database , all Americans should be concerned about the unchecked authority this administration has seized in the name of fighting terrorism . "
The documents come in response to a Freedom of Information
Act lawsuit filed by the ACLU earlier this year after evidence surfaced that the Pentagon was secretly conducting surveillance of protest activities , anti-war organizations and groups opposed to military recruitment policies .
The Pentagon shared the information with other government agencies through the Threat and Local Observation Notice ( TALON ) database .
The TALON database was intended to track groups or individuals with links to terrorism , but the documents released today show that the Pentagon gathered information on anti-war protesters using sources from the Department of Homeland Security , local police departments and FBI Joint Terrorism Task Forces .
Among the documents are reports on protest activities across the country organized or supported by the American Friends Service Committee ( AFSC ) , a Quaker peace group .
The source for the information is identified as " a special agent of the federal protective service , U.S. Department of Homeland Security , " who is apparently on the AFSC e-mail list .
One document , which is labeled " potential terrorist activity , " lists events such as a " Stop the War NOW ! " rally in Akron , Ohio on March 19 , 2005 .
The source noted that the rally " will have a March and Reading of Names of War Dead " and that marchers would pass a military recruitment station and the local FBI office along the way .
Also included in the documents is information on a series of protests mistakenly identified as taking place in Springfield , Illinois ( the protests actually occurred in Springfield , Massachusetts ) .
According to the document , " Source received an e-mail from the American Friends Service Committee ( AFSC ) , e-mail address : [ REDACTED ] that stated that on March 18 - 20 , a series of protest actions were planned in the Springfield , IL area … to focus on actions at military recruitment offices with the goals to include : raising awareness , education , visibility in community , visibility to recruiters as part of a national day of action . "
" Spying on citizens for merely executing their constitutional rights of free speech and peaceful assembly is chilling and marks a troubling trend , " said Joyce Miller , AFSC Assistant General Secretary for Justice and Human Rights .
" Our country is built upon a system of checks and balances .
The Pentagon ’s actions violate the rule of law and strike a severe blow against our Constitution . "
Another document provides further details of surveillance of a protest planned by the Broward Anti-War Coalition during the Fort Lauderdale Air & Sea Show , which was previously revealed in an NBC news report .
The document released today reveals that the Miami - Dade Police Department provided the Defense Department with information on the protest , and that the U.S. Army Recruiting Command and the Joint Terrorism Task Force in Miami were also briefed on the planned protest , which was intended to " counter military recruitment and the ‘ pro - war ’ message with ‘ guerrilla theater and other forms of subversive propaganda . ’ "
The ACLU said it is concerned that the Defense Department cites acts of civil disobedience and vandalism as cause to label anti-war protests as " radical " and potential terrorist threats in some of the TALON reports .
In a document listing upcoming Atlanta area protests by the Georgia Peace and Justice Coalition , the Pentagon - citing the Department of Homeland Security as its source - states that the Students for Peace and Justice network poses a threat to DOD personnel .
To support that claim , the TALON report cites previous acts of civil disobedience in California and Texas , including sit-ins , disruptions at recruitment offices and street theater .
Describing one protest in Austin , Texas , the document notes : " The protesters blocked the entrance to the recruitment office with two coffins , one draped with an American flag and the other covered with an Iraqi flag , taped posters on the window of the office and chanted , ‘ No more war and occupation .
You do n’t have to die for an education . ’ "
" The Pentagon has gone too far in collecting information on Americans who pose no real threat to national security , " said Wizner .
" It is an abuse of power and an abuse of trust for the military to play any role in monitoring critics of administration policies . "
The documents released today are online at :
www.aclu.org/safefree/spying/27047lgl20060828.html
( Florida protests )
www.aclu.org/safefree/spying/27046lgl20060912.html
( Georgia , California and Texas protests )
www.aclu.org/safefree/spying/27045lgl20060912.html
( AFSC protests in Massachusetts and Ohio )
More information on government surveillance of Americans is online at : www.aclu.org/spyfiles.
David Kuo , former # 2 in the Bush administrations Office of Faith - Based Initiatives and author of the new book Tempting Faith , joined Leslie Stahl on 60 Minutes to talk about the book 's explosive revelations and the stark contrast between faith - based rhetoric and reality from an exclusive insiders perspective .
Download - WMP Download -QT
John Amato : David Kuo comes off as a very credible and honest man .
He asks Christians to take a step back from politics because something is very wrong in the White House .
Will this finally wake up the Extreme Christian right to accept the fact that Rove & Bush have been using them ?
They mock you and ridicule you and yet you 'll still line up at the ballot box .
CBS :
But Kuo says the so - called compassion agenda has fallen short of its promise and he blames President Bush for that in his new book .
As correspondent Lesley Stahl reports , he also says the White House was a place that cynically used religion for political ends and that White House aides ridiculed the very Christian leaders who helped bring Mr. Bush to office .
David Kuo is an evangelical Christian and card - carrying member of the religious right , who got a job in the White House in the president ’s Office of Faith - Based and Community Initiatives .
He thought it was a dream - come - true : a chance to work for a president whose vision about compassionate conservatism would be matched with sweeping legislation to help the poor .
In his book , Kuo wrote that White House staffers would roll their eyes at evangelicals , calling them " nuts " and " goofy . "
Asked if that was really the attitude , Kuo tells Stahl , " Oh , absolutely .
You name the important Christian leader and I have heard them mocked by serious people in serious places . "
Specifically , Kuo says people in the White House political affairs office referred to Pat Robertson as " insane , " Jerry Falwell as " ridiculous , " and that James Dobson " had to be controlled . "
And President Bush , he writes , talked about his compassion agenda , but never really fought for it .
" The President of the United States promised he would be the leading lobbying on behalf of the poor .
What better lobbyist could anybody get ? "
Kuo wonders .
What happened ?
" The lobbyist did n’t follow through , " he claims .
" What about 9/11 ? " Stahl asks .
" All the priorities got turned about . "
" I was there before 9/11 .
I know what happened before 9/11 …
The trend before 9/11 was …president makes a big announcement and nothing happens , " Kuo replies .
Kuo speaks as an insider .
Even before he became the number two guy in the White House faith - based office , he had a long resume in the world of Christian conservatives .
Kuo says he took candidate Bush at his word during the 2000 campaign .
At the time , Bush proposed for the first time that he would spend $ 8 billion dollars on programs for the poor .
" I think it 's one of the most important political speeches given in the last generation .
I really do , " says Kuo .
" It laid out a whole new philosophy for Republicans . "
After the election , to much fanfare , President Bush created the office of faith - based initiatives to increase funds to religious charities .
But Kuo says there were problems right off the bat .
For one , he says the office dropped very quickly down the list of priorities .
Asked how much money finally went to them , Kuo says laughing , “ Oh , in the first two years , first two years I think $ 60 million . ”
" When you hold it up to a promise of $ 8 billion , I do n't know how good I am at math , but I know that 's less than one percent of a promise , " says Kuo .
Part of the problem , he says , was indifference from " the base , " the religious right .
He took 60 Minutes to a convention of evangelical groups – his old stomping ground - and walked around the display booths , looking for any reference to the poor .
" You ’ve got homosexuality in your kid ’s school , and you ’ve got human cloning , and partial birth abortion and divorce and stem cell , " Kuo remarked .
" Not a mention of the poor . "
" This message that has been sent out to Christians for a long time now : that Jesus came primarily for a political agenda , and recently primarily a right - wing political agenda - as if this culture war is a war for God .
And it ’s not a war for God , it ’s a war for politics .
And that ’s a huge difference , " says Kuo ...read on "
STEALTH bombers , giant aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines are the modern symbols of military might , but they are of limited use in today 's “ asymmetric ” conflicts .
The old certainties of the cold war have given way to messy urban - guerrilla operations in Iraq , Somalia and Liberia , search - and - destroy missions in Afghanistan and the Sudan , and peacekeeping operations in many parts of the world .
This has shifted the emphasis away from expensive weapons systems and back towards individual soldiers .
As a result , programmes to develop new “ solder - centric ” technologies have been launched in America , Britain , Germany , Italy and other countries .
“ Right now , we are n't losing any submarines or aircraft carriers , ” says Edwin Thomas , the head of the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies .
“ So spending money on protecting soldiers is really the right thing to be doing . ”
Modern soldiers are hardly short of technological gizmos .
Over the years they have been weighed down with all kinds of gadgets , in addition to their usual weapons , equipment and provisions .
A survey of American soldiers — the first conducted in 40 years — found that an infantryman typically carries around 120 pounds , or 55kg , on his back .
“ If I were to put 120 pounds of kit on you with a weapons system , and then tell you , ‘ Okay , now I am going to shoot at you , and you 're going to shoot these targets , ' you would understand how truly difficult it is not only to accomplish your mission , but to just stay alive , ” says Jean - Louis “ Dutch ” DeGay of the American army 's Future Force Warrior ( FFW ) programme , a $ 250 m effort to devise military technologies for deployment starting in 2010 .
Individually , each radio , satellite - positioning unit or night - vision system works well ; the problem is that these separate devices do not work smoothly together .
So the aim of the FFW programme , and of similar efforts such as Britain 's Future Infantry Soldier Technology project , Germany 's Projekthaus System Soldat and Italy 's Soldato Futuro initiative is to integrate all of these technologies to create a seamless partnership with the soldier .
The result , if it works , will be to transform each soldier into a kind of part - human , part - machine cyborg — “ an F - 16 on legs ” , as Mr DeGay puts it .
The best way to think of the soldier of the future , he says , is “ as an integrated , mobile weapons system , like a Bradley fighting vehicle or an Abrams tank . ”
This means rethinking every aspect of a soldier 's equipment .
“ We have stripped the soldier down to the skin , ” says Mr DeGay .
In future , that skin will be clothed in a uniform made up of three layers .
Closest to the skin will be a layer of clothing , embedded with sensors that can detect whether the wearer is injured , dehydrated , exhausted or even asleep .
In the event of injury , vital signs can be measured to assess the soldier 's medical condition , and this information , plus the soldier 's exact location , can be transmitted to a medical team , so that it knows what to expect and can act quickly when it arrives .
The second layer consists of “ electro - textiles ” that provide power and data connections to these sensors , and to the various other devices being carried by the soldier .
Radio antennae can also be incorporated into this layer .
Finally , the third and topmost layer consists of a new kind of armour .
Existing armour stops bullets , says Mr DeGay , but it is heavy , and its snug fit means that the impact of a bullet can still cause broken bones or internal injuries .
The new armour , which will be battle - tested this summer , is based upon flexible Kevlar plates positioned a few centimetres above the skin .
This means the plates are better able to absorb and distribute the impact of an incoming round — and also makes the uniform cooler to wear .
Although this new uniform integrates the various devices carried by an individual soldier , the next step is to connect the soldiers themselves , so that they can exchange information and function smoothly as a unit .
That , says Mr DeGay , requires turning every soldier into a living , breathing , fighting internet node , linked to every other soldier and vehicle at all times .
“ We affectionately call this the Borg effect — everyone is part of the collective , ” he says , referring to the race of cyborgs from “ Star Trek ” .
“ Individually , each radio or night - vision system works well .
But these separate devices do not work smoothly together . ”
A centrepiece of this effort is a helmet with a Borg - like eyepiece .
It displays an image that appears to hover in space in the wearer 's field of vision , like a 19 - inch television at arm 's length .
This will make it possible to deliver battlefield information to soldiers from other sources , in effect extending their senses .
If a squad is moving through the desert , for example , a drone aircraft might fly ahead of the soldiers and send back pictures of enemy troops lying in wait .
Similarly , the display can act as a digital map and compass , can show the positions of other soldiers nearby , and might even show real - time video from elsewhere on the battlefield — all of which adds up to “ expanded situational awareness ” , as it is known .
“ We always talk about firepower being the true power , but knowledge is the true power , ” says Mr DeGay .
And these technologies are just the start .
The Future Warrior Concept , a part of the FFW programme that is intended to imagine the military technologies of 2025 , envisages a helmet , similar to a motorcycle helmet , with a 180 - degree display , armour with built - in heating and cooling systems , and an array of sensors to extend the soldier 's senses still further .
All of this is wrapped up in a futuristic black uniform .
While the FFW programme is the flagship of America 's efforts to revamp tomorrow 's soldier , it is not the only such programme .
The Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency , an American military research organisation , is funding the development of exoskeletons , for example , that use external hydraulics and pneumatic systems to endow soldiers with superhuman strength — though such systems are still far too bulky and power - hungry for battlefield use .
Another approach , being pursued at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , is to use nanotechnology .
Dr Thomas 's five - year , $ 50 m project is developing smart fabrics for use in “ battlesuits ” — second skins that can make soldiers stronger and less vulnerable .
One smart fabric generates energy from sunlight ; another contracts like an artificial muscle when a voltage is applied .
Other advanced technologies are under development at SRI International , an independent research institute based in Menlo Park , California .
These include a system to locate snipers , which relies on sound sensors wired into the clothing of troops in the vicinity .
These pick up the sound of the sniper 's weapon being fired , and acoustic analysis then determines the sniper 's position , says Scott Seaton of SRI 's Engineering and Systems Division .
Also under development is a system that uses SRI 's PenRad penetrating - radar technology to allow soldiers to see inside a building before entering it .
Technological overkill ?
But will soldiers be able to handle all this technology and the torrent of data it will provide — or will it add to the chaos of war ?
The aim of “ human- systems engineering ” , says Mr DeGay , is not to bury troops in data , but to act as amplifiers for the mind , body and senses .
“ We 're trying to avoid paralysis by analysis , ” says Mr Seaton .
“ When the shooting starts , you do n't want to be looking at your computer .
You need to being paying attention to what is going on around you . ”
Yet when it comes to making soldiers more machine - like , says Colonel Kip Nygren , head of the Department of Civil and Mechanical Engineering at the Military Academy at West Point , there ought to be more discussion about where to draw the line .
“ We have become our technology , ” he says .
“ It 's something we need to talk about — we are moving really rapidly ahead technologically , but politically we need to have these discussions . ”
If the technology really does work as advertised , however , might it eventually do away with the need for human soldiers altogether — and allow them to be replaced by robots ?
The first steps have already been taken : drone aircraft have already been used to fire missiles .
But for the foreseeable future , people will still do the killing on the ground .
“ Humans have got to be in the loop , ” says Dr Thomas .
“ It is probably going to be necessary for the next 20 years , maybe 100 . ”
The technology of warfare may be more elaborate than ever , but the soldier of the future will still be a man , not a machine .
Introduction I 've been thinking that relative clauses are just like functions in lambda calculus , and that abstraction could be eliminated using the S , K and I combinators .
I thought about this when reading about the obfuscated programming language Unlambda :
http://www.eleves.ens.fr:8080/home/madore/programs/unlambda/unlambda.html
Basics Top
Suppose we have a language where roots are isolated and the only thing one can do is " applying " a root to another root .
The functor would be the modifier and the arguments modified .
BNF syntax Syntax would be quite simple ( in a kind of BNF ) : construct ::= root | ` construct construct
Where ` is the apply operator .
` A B reads " apply A to B " .
And every other construction would be delegated on semantics .
Some simple examples
Let 's work with English words as roots for some examples ( I 'll also assume English semantics , but it is not the point ) :
Intransitive verbs are just applied to nouns : ` write man
the man writes Adjectives are simply intransitive verbs ( just like in many natural languages ) : ` white book
the book is white = white book
Of course , application is recursive : ` write ` tall ` red man
the tall red man writes Adverbs could be applied to adjectives or verbs : ` ` quickly write ` ` amazingly tall man
the amazingly tall man writes quickly Transitive verbs are ( in currying fashion ) verbs that when applied to a nominal construction ( the object , maybe ? ) yields an intransitive verb that , when applied to a second nominal construction ( the subject ) , yields the expected result : ` ` write * book man
the man writes a book Where : ` write * book corresponds to the verb " to write - a - book " .
Notice that in the language , intransitive write and transitive write * should be different words ( probably regularly related ) .
Oblique constructions should be applied to the verb , too : ` ` ` in sky fly plane
the plane flies in the sky Many ambiguities dissapear : ` ` see ` ` with telescope man I
I see [ a man with a telescope ]
` ` ` ` with telescope see man I
I see [ a man ] with a telescope
` ` hate ` ` and dance ` eat cheese I
I hate [ dancing and eating cheese ]
` ` ` and ` hate dance ` eat cheese I
I hate dancing and I eat cheese Top Relative clauses Top Now let 's analyse relative clauses .
Just like adjectives can be interpreted like intransitive verbs or adjectives , when translated : ` red book
the book is red
` ` write ` red book man
the man writes a red book
We could do the same with verbs : ` ` eat cheese man
the man eats cheese
` write ` ` eat cheese man
the man [ who eats cheese ] writes Non-trivial relative clauses
When the order is the expected , there are no problems .
But what if we want to express , say : the book [ the man writes ] is red
We cannot say : ` red ` ` write man book
the book [ that writes a man ] is red
( The book is the writer ) .
And neither : ` red ` ` write book man
the man [ that writes a book ] is red
( The sense of the relative clause is ok , but " red " should modify " book " , not man ) .
Lambda notation
We need more expressive constructions .
Adopting lambda notation for functions ( where \ pretends to be the ASCII version of a greek lowercase lambda ) : ( \ x : ` ` write x man )
Is a construction that , when applied to an argument x , means " the man writes x " .
For instance : ` ( \ x : ` ` write x man ) book
the man writes a book
` ( \ x : ` ` write x man ) novel
the man writes a novel Therefore : the book [ the man writes ] is red
Can be expressed as :
` red ` ( \ x : ` ` write x man ) book Notice that if we reduce it : ` red ` ` write book man
It yields the previously discarded construction .
Expressions with lambdas are not necessarily equivalent when reduced .
Here , lambdas are precisely used to show that the modified root is " book " and not " man " .
Top Abstraction elimination Top
We could invent a way of directly translating lambda expressions into our conlang .
But there is an ugly problem : the name x .
In math , its said of x that it is a mute variable , as changing its name does not change the meaning of the expression .
Fortunately , this problem has already been solved with the S , K and I combinators .
Definition of the S , K and I combinators I is the identity function : I = ( \ x : x )
For all x :
` I x = x K is the constant function generator : K = ( \ x : ( \ y : x ) )
For all x , y :
` ` K x y = x
And S is the substituted application function : S = ( \ x : ( \ y : ( \ z : ` ` x z ` y z ) ) )
For all x , y , z :
` ` ` S x y z = ` ` x z ` y z Lambda elimination
By induction , it 's not hard to prove that any lambda expression can be reduced to an expression using these combinators , and without any mute variable .
A lambda expression ( \ x : e ) falls into one of these three cases : e is x
In this case , ( \ x : e ) = ( \ x : x ) , which is precisely I !!
e is a constant , or another variable not being x
In this case , ( \ x : e ) = ( \ x : a ) , which is ` K a Note that : ` ( \ x : a ) b = a = ` ` K a b
e is the application ` f g : ( \ x : e ) = ( \ x : ` f g ) , which is ` ` S ( \ x : f ) ( \ x : g ) ( and then the we eliminate the lambda in the inner expressions f and g which , by induction , are simpler and we already know how to reduce .
Note that :
` ( \ x : ` f g ) b = ` ` ( \ x : f ) b ` ( \x : g ) b = ` ` ` S ( \x : f ) ( \x : g ) b Rules for eliminating abstraction A rule for mechanically eliminating abstraction in lambda expressions ( \ x : e ) : Reading e from left to right , replace : ` with ` ` S
x with I
any constant or variable a other than x with ` K a If more than one lambda need to be eliminated , start with the innermost ones first .
Examples ( \ x : ` red x ) =>
` ` S ` K red I
We should expect :
` ( \ x : ` red x ) book
To yield the same result as :
` red book
Let 's reduce the expression :
` ` ` S ` K red I book =
= ` ` ` K red book ` I book =
= ` red ` I book = ` red book Now let 's eliminate the abstraction from : ( \ x : ` ` write x man )
=> ` ` S ` ` S ` K write I ` K man
And let 's express the original problematic sentence :
the book [ the man writes ] is red
` red ` ( \ x : ` ` write x man ) book
Reducing :
` red ` ` ` S ` ` S ` K write I ` K man book =
= ` red ` ` ` ` S ` K write I book ` ` K man book =
= ` red ` ` ` ` K write book ` I book ` ` K man book =
= ` red ` ` write ` I book ` ` K man book =
= ` red ` ` write book ` ` K man book =
= ` red ` ` write book man
( Which yields , as shown before , the correct expansion but they are not equivalent in the language ) .
Conclusion
The power of lambda expressions guarantees that every possible relative clause is expressable in this language , and that no ambiguities can appear in nested clauses .
An example of a relative clause impossible in English from the Language Construction Kit :
This is the man [ my girlfriend 's father is a friend of John and him ]
First , let 's define f ( with definition as abbreviation only ) : f = ( \ x : ` ` be ` ` of ` ` and John x friend ` ` < POSS > ` ` < POSS > i girlfriend father )
` f x = my girlfriend 's father is a friend of John and x ( Notice I write the first person pronoun as " i " to avoid confusion with " I " , the identity function !
< POSS > is a root for possessive , where ` ` < POSS > X Y = X's Y ) .
The sentence using f :
` ` be ` f man this
Let 's eliminate the abstraction of f :
( \ x : ` ` be ` ` of ` ` and John x friend ` ` < POSS > ` ` < POSS > i girlfriend father )
becomes :
` ` S ` ` S ` K be ` ` S ` ` S ` K of ` ` S ` ` S ` K and ` K John I ` K friend ` ` S ` ` S ` K < POSS > ` ` S ` ` S ` K < POSS > ` K i ` K girlfriend ` K father
Then , the whole sentence :
` ` be ` ` ` S ` ` S ` K be ` ` S ` ` S ` K of ` ` S ` ` S ` K and ` K John I ` K friend ` ` S ` ` S ` K < POSS > ` ` S ` ` S ` K < POSS > ` K i ` K girlfriend ` K father man this Which is a bit quite long .
Some tricks could be used to make it shorter .
There 's much more about it in the Unlambda reference .
These kilometric expressions make me believe this is probably violating a language universal , in the sense that it is counter - intuitive .
Anyway , at least for me , it is an interesting theoretical exercise .
To create a real conlang , the apply operator should be grammaticalized somehow ( as an inflection , syntactically , etc. ) .
I leave the rest as an exercise to the conlang world .
Top
Innovation is not proportional to money spent David 29 comments Latest by Greg
The Street.com tells us that Apple ’s relative spending on R&D has been declining for the past five years .
They quote analysts running scared that Apple is “ approaching minimal levels ” .
Hu ?!
When has innovation ever simply been a function of money spent ?
Which of the big two operating system companies are most often characterized as pushing the envelope and who spends the most on R&D in dollar amounts ?
( hint : they ’re not the same )
Innovation more often than not comes from constraints .
From not being able to blow billions without immediate needs for returns .
One of the first things Jobs did when he returned to the helm at Apple was to slaughter the unprofitable product lines and focus the ship .
Not launch a ton of initiatives on top of what was already there .
So Apple , please do n’t change a thing .
( Not that I think you would just because you do n’t fit into the spreadsheet of a few analysts ) .
« More cool workspaces ... | Main |
The book I wish people would read ... »
Knocking the exuberance out of employees
In an earlier post I said , " If you asked the head of a company which employee they 'd prefer : the perfect team player who does n't rock the boat or the one who is brave enough to stand up and fight for something rather than accept the watered - down group think that maintains the status quo ( or makes things worse ) , who would they SAY they 'd choose ?
Who would they REALLY choose ?
In his book Re-imagine " , Tom Peters says , " We will win this battle ... and the larger war ... only when our talent pool is both deep and broad .
Only when our organizations are chock - a- block with obstreperous people who are determined to bend the rules at every turn ... "
So yes , I 'm thinking Mr. CEO of Very Large Company would say that their company should take the upstart whatever - it - takes person over the ever - compromising team player .
" If that person shakes us up , gets us to rethink , creates a little tension , well that 's a Good Thing " , the CEO says .
riiiiiiiiiight .
While I believe most CEOs do think this way , wow , that attitude reverses itself quite dramatically the futher you reach down the org chart .
There 's a canyon - sized gap between what company heads say they want ( brave , bold , innovative ) and what their own middle management seems to prefer ( yes - men , worker bees , team players ) . "
I 'm not done with my horse - training - as - universal - metaphor phase , so here 's another thing I learned from the Parelli Natural Horsemanship conference :
" Too many people fall into the my robot is better than your robot trap ... and knock the exuberance out of their horse .
What you 're left with is a well - trained robot , not a curious , playful , mentally and emotionally balanced living creature . "
" Hmmmm " , I thought , " that sounds an awful lot like some of the companies I 've worked for . "
Not that you 'd ever in a million years get them to admit that .
Possibly not even to themselves .
But the proof is in their practices .
Of course some argue that exuberance on the job is not necessarily a good thing .
That too much passion leads to problems .
I say BS on that one .
Real passion means you love the profession , the craft , the domain you 're in .
And that may or may not happen to coincide with a passion for your current employer .
When some folks talk about too much passion for a job , they 're usually referring to something a little less healthy ... the thing that lets your employer take advantage of you , having you work round the clock because of their bad scheduling , or because they refuse to say " no " to clients , or because you have a manager that wants to look good to his manager ... and you 're the lucky one chosen to be the " hero . "
If you knock out exuberance , you knock out curiosity , and curiosity is the single most important attribute in a world that requires continuous learning and unlearning just to keep up .
If we knock out their exuberance , we 've also killed their desire to learn , grow , adapt , innovate , and care .
So why do we do it ?
Why Robots Are the Best Employees
1 ) They do n't challenge the status quo
2 ) They do n't ask those uncomfortable questions
3 ) They 're 100 % obedient
4 ) They do n't need " personal " days .
5 ) ... because they do n't have a personal life
6 ) They never make the boss look bad ( e.g. stupid , incompetent , clueless , etc . )
7 ) They dress and talk the way you want them to
8 ) They have no strongly - held opinions
9 ) They have no passion , so they have nothing to " fight " for
10 ) They are always willing to do whatever it takes ( insane hours , etc . )
11 ) They are the ultimate team players
12 ) They do n't complain when you micromanage ( tip : micromanaging is in fact one of the best ways to create a robot )
13 ) They do n't care what their workspace is like , and do n't complain if they do n't have the equipment they need
14 ) They 'll never threaten your job
15 ) They make perfect scapegoats
16 ) They get on well with zombies
And while I 'm here ... parents do this as well .
Admit it .
We have all wished that our children ( for whom we worked so hard to instill a fierce independence ) would be strong - willed , exuberant , questioning -- everywhere but at home .
I 've never really wanted Skyler to be a robot , but oh how I 've wished for a robot mode ... ; )
Posted by Kathy on October 6 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8346173fb69e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Knocking the exuberance out of employees :
» Are you smart , creative , passionate or a Robot from DataWebTect
In an insightful article Kathy blogs about Tom Peters book .
Even though the top managment wants smart , creative and passionate employees the middle management wants only robots who are like zombies .
Kathy lists out the characteristics of these zombies .
I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 7 , 2006 8:43:12 AM
» Passion Will Help Your Business Kick Butt from Hidden Mojo
Kathy Sierra of the Creating Passionate Users has a fantastic post today entitled Knocking the Exuberance out of Employees .
In it , she says
Of course some argue that exuberance on the job is not necessarily a good thing .
That too much passion leads to ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 7 , 2006 7:14:45 PM
» Do n't rock the boat .
from larry borsato
The usual [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 7 , 2006 8:53:14 PM
» Robot employees from Merill Fernando's Web Log
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 7 , 2006 9:16:25 PM
» Knocking the exuberance out of employees from ... a running commentary ...
This is definitely an interesting article .
I honestly do challenge many of the decisions that have been made .
The two extremes exemplified in this case are exactly that extremes .
However , I do feel that I am the person who is brave ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 8 , 2006 2:54:29 AM
» Rewards that Motivate Fuel the High - Performance Mind from BrainBasedBusiness
There is a terrific discussion going on over at Passionate Users titled Knocking the Exuberance out of Employees .
The images say it all .
People say they hire for talent , and many of them do .
Yet often theyll facilitate and ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 8 , 2006 8:19:49 AM
» Help wanted : Drones and zombies ?
from Face2 Face Meetingsnet
I know it 's getting close to Halloween , but this post by Kathy Sierra makes me wonder if there may be some companies who play trick or treat all year long , with the trick being on the employees .
She says :
If you asked the head of a company which emp ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 8 , 2006 1:15:17 PM
» Do n't Fence Me In from Exceptional Dental Practice Management
I just read a great article over on the Creating Passionate Users blog .
It 's called Knocking the Exuberance Out of Employees .
Now , why would someone want to do that ?
I guess part of the reason is that gung - ho employees can [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 8 , 2006 7:27:52 PM
» Do you hire robots ?
from dirtyDogStink
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 9 , 2006 8:58:15 AM
» Does Your Day Job Have You Feeling Like a Robot or Zombie ? from Coaching4Lesbians
One of the top reasons why bright and talented women often end up disliking what they spend their day doing for work is because companies want robots , not people , and they manage in such a way as to create zombies .
What happens is that otherwise intel ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 9 , 2006 9:19:06 AM
» More play time for kids - more intelligence .
More play time for employees / workers … from Notes from the Toolshed : Developing Aptitudes for Dynamic Professional Growth
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15186964/from/RS.2/
I have no science to back this up - although I 'll again point you toward Kathy Sierra 's blog .
In particular her post , " Knocking the exuberance out of employees " as a good place to start .
I would guess I co ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 9 , 2006 10:27:03 AM
» No Exuberance Please from Zeroization
Why the best employees are robots / zombies !
Small amount of hyperbole to make an excellent point about what the difference between the type of employees companies say they want and the type of employees they really want .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 9 , 2006 11:44:37 AM
» Creating Passionate Users : Knocking the exuberance out of employees from Andrew Eick -- You Just Missed Him ...
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 9 , 2006 8:36:05 PM
» my robot is better than your robot from
Only the real is unreal
the creating passionate users blog has made a blogpost called Knocking the exuberance out of employees - its excellent and a defense of curiosity .
Who hasnt found themselves in a job - doing the exact opposite ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 10 , 2006 2:03:29 AM
» http://www.unfetteredblather.com/?p=269 from Unfettered Blather
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 10 , 2006 10:41:20 AM
» Disruptive Interviews from ~ryanlowe / blog
There 's a good reason why some technology / thinking is called " disruptive " .
Disruptiveness screws with the status quo ; the nice comfortable bed a company has made for themselves .
The bigger the company , the harder it is to deal with disruptiveness .
But ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 10 , 2006 12:05:31 PM
» RedMonk : Injecting Exuberance into the Corporate Gene Pool from James Governor 's MonkChips
Creating Passionate Users : Knocking the exuberance out of employees Kathy has another great post about organisational creativity .
It seems to me that the organisations and people that work with RedMonk are somewhat self - selecting , and they share some c... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 11 , 2006 7:34:15 AM
» robotic or robust : what kind of employees do law firms really want ?
from legal sanity
My 5 - year - old son is a mega fan of the Transformers toys and television show .
For all of you in the dark about these robots in disguise , youll find a nice overview here .
These arent your standard - issue machines fighting the ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 11 , 2006 4:12:29 PM
» This Week in the Blogosphere for October 13 , 2006 from The Antisyphus Effect
I realize I promised an entry about dealing with office politics , but that 's going to have to wait until Monday .
On Fridays , I 'm going to offer up my five favorite blog posts from the week : Kathy Sierra of Creating Passionate [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 13 , 2006 4:04:27 AM
» Everyday's a great day when you 're a zombie from The Bullshit Observer
Link : Knocking the exuberance out of employees .
When it comes to their employees , companies have a bad case of cognitive dissonance .
They want bold ideas ... so they can consistently sacrifice them like the little lambs that they are .
They want passionat ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 13 , 2006 3:15:59 PM
» What DO employers want ?
Creative Thinkers or Robots ? from Wanderings ...
Doug Johnson has an interesting post today - A subtractive education .
Lots of ideas ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 14 , 2006 1:04:34 PM
» A Simply Beautiful Blog PostPerhaps Best of 2006 from David " Dsquared " Dalka - Creating Revenue and Retention - Chicago GSB
Id like to nominate Kathy Sierras post Knocking the exuberance out of employees for best blog post of 2006
Its interesting to see a few companies starting to change here , but it is too slow !
It would be * great * ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 19 , 2006 9:23:45 PM
» Making the blogosphere fizz a bit , or , Betsy 's Blogger bath bombs ( tm ) from Betsy Aoki's WebLog
So , I 'm going to the Blog Business Summit .
I 'm really excited as mentioned before .
First of all , when [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 23 , 2006 1:33:30 AM
» How Doing Good Work Hurts
You from The Asia Pacific Headhunter
Most of us would n't think of doing good work as hurting us .
But in a recent conversation between Michael Bungay Stanier and David Allen on GTD Connect ( subscription only )
Michael made this point loud and clear .
Based on a previous [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 29 , 2006 10:16:16 PM
» When will enterprises truly embrace Enterprise 2.0 applications ?
from David's WebLog
The following reflection ( you may prefer drivel , but each to their own ) has been sparked by a comment by Susan Scrupski on a previous post .
Its also been driven along by some of the reading Ive been doing in the blogosphere in the last w... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 2 , 2007 8:16:55 PM
Comments
As hilarious as it is true .
Sadly , if you do n't walk the company line in most places , you 'll soon be walking the employment plank .
Great article .
Posted by : P.J. Onori | Oct 6 , 2006 4:35:03 PM
This is by far the most frustrating aspect of looking for a job , at least for me .
Upper management claims that talent is everything , but the job listings are simply run -of - the - mill templates .
Even management positions are typically just cookie - cutter bullet lists that require extra years of experience .
So what does upper management do when they notice this ?
They hire consultants or buy start ups .
If you really are determined to disrupt the status quo , you can help them improve from the inside - out ( be a consultant ) or attempt to beat them by not only bending the rules , but coming up with different rules entirely ( start a company ) .
Both are pretty sexy jobs , if you 're good .
Posted by : Ben | Oct 6 , 2006 5:05:55 PM
Unless you own the joint you have little freedom to think and act .
They call employees ' resources ' these days , as in ' human resources ' .
Sounds more like some office furniture or a robot than a person .
If you find a way to make some kind of a difference , odds are that they can and will kick your legs out from under you .
That 's why most people have way more enthusiasm for non-work activities .
Posted by : Duncan | Oct 6 , 2006 5:08:48 PM
Some days I feel like you 've been reading my mail .
At least the mail between my lawyer and me .
Brilliant as usual , KS .
How could we get on without you ?
Posted by : Bill Kinnon | Oct 6 , 2006 6:15:54 PM
As a owner of what I like to believe is a very creative company I could not agree more with your post .
Creativity when given precedence over productivity gives returns far greater .
Productivity says that we already have the systems and goals we need where creativity says that we can set new goals and create new systems to go farther than we ever believed .
Posted by : Levi | Oct 6 , 2006 6:21:57 PM
Kathy , great post !
I think the answer to your question as to why companies knock the exhuberance out employees lies with the managers , much more than in in any aspect of robot employees .
When I worked in recruiting years ago , people talked about the " Russian doll " theory of hiring .
( You know , the wooden dolls stacked inside each other . )
Confident , grounded , actualized people -- the ones who rank high on Maslow 's hierarchy -- hire " big dolls , " but insecure , frightened people tend to hire dolls who are smaller than they are ( the employees who start out as , or are easy to transform into , robot employees ) .
So the trick for Mr or Ms BigCEO becomes making sure that the line managers with departmental hiring authority have both the natural inclination and the organizational support ( i.e. , nature * and* nurture ) to keep hiring big dolls instead of small ones .
. . .
I also agree with your observation that this all applies to parenting .
I 've seen fascinating people go out of their way to raise deadly boring , placid , convenient children -- it is tragic .
( On the other hand , I 'm also forwarding this post to my mother , in the hopes of comforting her that her childrearing adventures with me were all to good purpose . )
Posted by : Shaula Evans | Oct 6 , 2006 7:24:10 PM
Great article .
But is n't " 10 )
They are always willing to do whatever it takes ( insane hours , etc. ) " - a grey area ?
I think there 's a difference between working insane hours on the busywork handed down by your evil robot - creating middle manager and working the hours to put both the love into something you believe in , and to get it out there so others can love it too .
Posted by : simon | Oct 7 , 2006 12:02:44 AM
Spot on and brilliantly depressing , this .
I think the key is to be honest when you are recruiting - there is n't anything necessarily wrong in looking for people who are cautious , methodical , capable , obedient , and willing to follow the status quo - we need horses for courses , do n't we ?
Except that this kind of honesty sounds kinda boring for both the recruiter and the recruited , so the deception persists .
May be some day honesty will be recognized as a good recruitment strategy ( and indeed business strategy ) .
Posted by : Geetha Krishnan | Oct 7 , 2006 12:42:34 AM
This sounds like a bit of a grass is always greener post to me .
Sure it 's no fun to feel like a corporate drone , but go in the opposite direction and you end up in academia which clearly is n't suited to all types of development .
While you certainly would like for everyone to contribute as much as possible , there are plenty of times when there are multiple valid solutions to a problem .
In those times , exuberance needs to take a back seat to the one person saying , " We 'll do it this way . "
Posted by : Anthony Cowley | Oct 7 , 2006 1:23:42 AM
You graphic says " The more you use your reins the less they use their brains . "
Do you think the inverse , " The less they use their brains , the more you must have used your reins , " is true ?
Posted by : Chris Booth | Oct 7 , 2006 1:29:02 AM
Ca n't agree more .
I 've unfortunately worked for companies that have tried to knock the exuberance out of me and co-workers .
Strangely these companies have ended up suffering financally from lawsuits from both customers and employees , failure to win new orders and high staff turnover .
Posted by : anontechwoman | Oct 7 , 2006 3:37:55 AM
It 's not a battle between teamwork and individualism .
The best team player is n't one who tows the line - it 's the one that can forge the team and take them in a new direction .
I do n't want someone who blindly follows , but nor do I want someone who goes off on their own and abandons the team .
If it 's a good idea in a team of good people , convincing them is simple .
As the manager of a team one of the most important things I can do is make sure that my team takes decisions ( rather than just arbitrary taking decisions myself . )
After all , they 're the ones working on the codebase .
I like to think I 've got a team full of passionate developers and at times I 've seen them each come up with plans and convince the rest of the team that that 's the direction they should follow .
I 've even see them come up with ideas that radically change the direction we 're taking a product , and convince senior management to adopt those changes .
My point is that if you 're working as a team - really working as a team , rather than ' working under a manager ' - then you have to have the ability to effect the direction of team , and ultimately the company .
Management 's roll is n't to quash people , it 's to support them .
They 're responsible for taking ideas in both directions , being a representative for those above to the team , and being a representative for the team to those above .
Posted by : Mark Fowler | Oct 7 , 2006 4:13:27 AM
Kathy - this is such great timing for this point .
Seth Godin wrote about the dangers of layoffs versus being fired for " doing something great " .
http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2006/10/501.html
What I find interesting is how your two posts fit together .
Employers try to kill their employees exuberance ( drones are easier to manage ) and on the other side most employees go willingly because of the fear of being fired .
The irony is that they 're more likely to lose their job because of a layoff .
By killing " their desire to learn , grow , adapt , innovate , and care " a company is more likely to have a layoff !
( and the " dismissed " employees are less marketable when they do ) .
It 's no win for anyone !
Posted by : ann michael | Oct 7 , 2006 8:11:21 AM
I really need to echo Mark Fowler 's statement .
A room full of obstreperous rule - benders is likely to flame out spectacularly if it does n't have some leaders in it who look for common ground and compromise .
And he 's right to spotlight the role of the team leader in both implementing and affecting strategic goals .
You 'll notice the line on your graphic does n't ever touch the zero points ... even creative people need someone to help them keep focus .
Funny how many creative people I 've met who 've landed in bad situation after bad situation ... and it 's always someone else 's fault .
Of course , " creative jerks " is a subset of " creative people , " and a good recruiter / manager learns to tell " passionate " from " does not play well with others . "
I 'd also like to venture an answer to Chris Booth 's question .
I 'll say on the macro level , yes .
A team full of people who are n't creative has probably been micromanaged in the past .
On the micro level , it was n't necessarily _you_ who relied too much on the reins .
Once somebody has learned , through other work or family experiences , not to take risks , it can be really hard to convince them to .
I 'd love to see some tips on de-zombification ...
Posted by : Joe | Oct 7 , 2006 10:32:28 AM
After writing on " Why do I feel like a dog " , I thought I held a too negative view of corporate culture .
Good to know i'm not the only one . :)
Posted by : Shang Lee | Oct 7 , 2006 10:46:47 AM
Hi Kathy ,
fantastic insight !
I 've just sent a link to my manager ( even though it 's not important in his case , it still can be useful knowledge to how managers treat their employees ) .
Thanks a lot
Posted by : Jesper Rønn - Jensen ( justaddwater.dk ) |
Oct 7 , 2006 12:43:47 PM
When I was a management consultant , the guru was Dr. W. Edwards Deming and his 14 points of Total Quality Management .
It included the point made above about mid-management being the conduit of information between employees and upper management .
Basically , this is done , so the right hand knows what the left hand is doing .
But , most of all , TQM recognizes that the little guy knows a whole lot more about how and what the company is doing than people in upper management levels .
Therefore , the idea is for the little guy to be encouraged to bring information and suggestions forward and then for management to involve him or her in decisions .
Somehow today , our corporate community has lost sight of these ideas and reverted to management by autocratic decree .
This simply does n't work .
And , it does n't work even more so for creative , innovative thinkers , people who are driven by a need not only to be heard , but also to make important changes they feel are obvious .
On the other hand , once creative thinkers ' ideas have been given voice and seriously considered , first by others at their level and then by higher - ups , these thinkers need to put their shoulders to the wheel and join with everyone else to make their project a success .
Not everyone understands that there is a good reason not all good ideas get implemented .
But the reason is simple :
Not everyone has the overview to make final decisions , particularly when it involves the expenditure of money .
Spending money decisions have to be left to CEOs .
( Hey , there really IS a good use for those guys ! )
In a company where everyone understands the role of all involved , the chance for success is tremendous .
Unfortunately today , this kind of understanding by employees and management is rare .
As a potential employee , if possible before you sign on , try to set yourself up to succeed by finding a company that will value your creative ideas .
That 's not easy to do ; but on the other hand , it 's not impossible either .
And , if you are truly creative , you 'll figure out how to do that and then share it on a blog ( grin ) .
If you are a member of management , learning to listen to the little guy is essential .
Otherwise , you 'll get what you always got ( as the saying goes ) .
Posted by : Jane | Oct 7 , 2006 7:37:36 PM
Argh , Kathy , this is so true !!!
So often the vague , idealistic characteristics of what Senior Managers say they want in their employees is the exact opposite of what they reward , praise and promote .
One of the most common things I got called in for as a consultant was to " help the employees think outside of the box . "
What the managers would n't admit was that " the box " their employees were in was prison ... and they were the jailkeepers .
Drives me nuts , but gives me more passion to help people escape .
Posted by : Pamela Slim | Oct 8 , 2006 12:13:07 AM
Never expect a career from a company that does not have institutionalized intrepreneurship .
Posted by : unknown | Oct 8 , 2006 12:43:32 AM
I love this post .
This very issue frustrated the crap out of me for years .
The enormous gulf between what companies spout and what they do in practice never ceases to amaze me .
Just the other night I saw an Australian movie , The Rage in Placid Lake , with a similar theme .
During his foray into the corporate world , the main character describes the cultural environment to a friend .
It goes something like this :
" ... and there seems to be latitude within the structure for a certain irreverance and disdain for the company and corporate life in general that provides an outlet , but would never threaten an actual upheavel . "
Welcome to Drone Central .
Posted by : Danielle | Oct 8 , 2006 4:38:41 AM
Passionate about their craft yes .
But , upper management sometimes confuses being an asshole with being passionate .
I had a co-worker storm out a meeting with some profane stutter when he didnt get his way .
When I approached our boss about it , he made an excuse for him claiming he was " too passionate " about his work .
Passionate people on teams sometime disagree , strongly , but in the end they are passionate about making a great product that helps our end users kick ass !!
Posted by : Greg | Oct 8 , 2006 8:49:02 AM
Looking for a way out .
I 've been sacked from two contracts this year ( both with ' blue chip ' FTSE 100 companies .
I was expected to lie for people ' above ' me and it just tore me apart .
I can't be a drone and I really do n't think I have the talent to work outside of corporate IT .
It seems the choices are : do as you are told , do n't ask questions , do n't care about the company - especially as a contractor - or go somewhere else ...
Ideas greatfully received .
Posted by : Lucy | Oct 8 , 2006 11:15:49 AM
You may find Dr Angela Dumas ' approach to visualising who you want to work for posted as a pdf at my June 2005 archive
http://snipurl.com/yhje
A variation that we do is to ask which of the three pictures would you like to fly with .
It struck me as a complement to your ( as usual ) excellent post .
If I can visualise the ideal place to work then I can rapidly match the reality with the ideal and make trade - offs on the fly .
Got and lost some job offers this way !
Posted by : Jim Rait | Oct 8 , 2006 11:54:08 AM
Kathy ,
I 'm not even sure where along the chain I ended up adding this blog to the feeds I theoretically check daily , but the moment I read your headline I almost fell out of my chair in recognition .
Which would NOT have been a good thing for a 4 - year student of Parelli Natural Horsemanship to have been seen doing LOL !
To Chris , I would say it is true in both the horse and human world that absolutely , that our normal educational and management systems are based on the Industrial Revolution assembly - line and command - and - control systems and that 's what completely knocks out of us our exuberance , natural curiosity and more than anything , the willingness to offer what we have to give .
What I find in the horse world is that " normals " are scared of the natural approach because then you have to learn to rely on communication and leadership and learn to listen ... and you will likely not like what you hear at first .
To run this kind of organization requires a high level of what Peter Senge called Personal Mastery .
That 's why four or five years down the road you will find me on Hawaii 's Big Island offering management and leadership training experiences in an equine - assisted format .
Aloha
Beth
Posted by : Beth Robinson | Oct 8 , 2006 1:22:30 PM
Nah ...
I think there 's too much bitterness embedded in that last drawing .
I mean EVERYONE wants to use all their abilities and to be given total freedom .
And EVERYONE thinks that their own ideas for how to do things and how to organize things are best .
The managers job is to weigh everyone 's ideas and preferences against each other , and to put down guidelines which lets everbody have at least a little bit of say ...
Still , though ... some people do n't get it , and they begin to draw graphs like this , insinuating that things would become better if THEY were allowed to do exactly what they wanted .
I say no .
That 's a false understanding of reality .
Reality is that things are best when a workplace is organized so that eveyone have at least a LITTLE bit of say , and so that no - one feel totally neglected .
And ............ in sum , this means that everyone have to do a bit of sacrifice .
Posted by : Dude | Oct 8 , 2006 3:42:17 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
DIGG THIS
For those of you who no longer watch the Emmy Awards , 24 recently won a handful , including for outstanding drama series .
I enjoyed 24 a great deal during its first season , but I often wondered whether they could sustain a show centered on a continuous series of extraordinary 24 - hour days in one character 's life .
Would the first ten episodes of the following season consist of Jack catching up on some sleep ?
But the show 's writers were way ahead on that count , and they had the good sense to fast - forward a year into Jack Bauer 's life , to the next unbelievable 24 - hour sequence .
( While fate and circumstance are relentless , even Jack Bauer should expect to catch a break every once in awhile . )
Because of the huge overhead required to contrive extraordinary circumstances around a single character , by the end of the second season the storylines already posed a clear and present danger to plausibility .
Although it 's initially fun to watch Jack 's uncanny ability to make all the right moves at just the right time — over and over again — by the third season , the action decomposed into cartoonish exaggeration , unmitigated rah-rah , worst - case scenario McGuffin-ism .
In general terms , the formula is this : each 24 - hour season features a supervillain who 's intent on destroying the world by using various forms of nightmare - inspired WMD .
The McGuffin of choice usually bears a remarkable resemblance to whatever happens to garner the direst rhetorical attention by Bush at that time .
To apprehend the supervillain , Jack stoically breaks obtrusive , obsolete rules .
He has a limited amount of time to advance through the bad guy 's layered defenses — just like a video game — and he thinks out of the box as a matter of procedure in each level .
Sometimes Jack breaks rules to avoid bureaucratic nonsense .
Most often it's to circumvent unreasonable hindrances to the good guys getting the bad guys , such as the 4th amendment or other obstructionist constitutional protections .
As you can imagine , these storylines offer repeated opportunities to illustrate timely debate topics from the public consciousness , especially during a never - ending " War on Terror " : the setting for the show is the Los Angeles " Counter Terrorism Unit " ( oddly enough , foreshadowing our Department of Homeland Security ) .
Because they 're working with these ingredients , there naturally will be moments where in the course of telling the story the writers stumble into accidental synchronicity with the administration .
It 's almost unavoidable .
But lest any doubt remain , by the fourth season the writers eliminated coincidence as a practical possibility .
In one of the principle plotlines , the writers attempt to prop up the notion of the unitary executive incarcerating indefinitely and torturing any citizen whom he labels an enemy combatant ( Newspeak for " terrorist " ) during times of great exigency .
They contrive a perfectly worst - case scenario to demonstrate Bush administration logic : namely , that because it 's theoretically possible that a single man , woman , or child , if tortured , could reveal information about a terrorist plot which could potentially save innocent lives , then any amount of coercion is therefore justified to compel that individual to surrender whatever useful information that he might be hoarding .
Ironically , Bush 's fear - mongering reveals yet another duality for the neoconservatives : the contradiction of an energetic push to strip dissident citizens of their liberty in order to silence them with Bush 's push to enable illegal aliens by the millions to impersonate citizens and imbibe of the entire spectrum of taxpayer - funded infrastructure ( or to paraphrase those marching masses of illegal aliens , to get their " rights " ) .
Their torture rationale continues that if the unitary executive has the authority to enforce his discretion in the course of prosecuting a " war " ( even if undeclared by Congress ) , then he can also withhold details about the intelligence that led to this discretionary action in the first place — all in the name of protecting national security .
Here 's how the writers illustrate the concept : in episode 18 they make the distinction between torturing : ( 1 ) suspects who ’ve been actually charged with a crime , and ( 2 ) suspects who have n’t been charged but who still might know something .
They pose the question as an over - the - top ethical issue , and the Arab supervillain plays the system expertly , using an Amnesty International clone agency lawyer like an IED to sidetrack CTU ’s “ hot on his trail ” investigation .
So the lawyers advocating due process for the suspect are working for the terrorists !
I knew it !
( Dang you , Osama !
Dang you , Zarqawi / Saddam / Goldstein ! )
The problem is that the writers linger on the distinction that Jack wants to torture a suspect but has insufficient evidence to charge him .
By this point , Spring of 2005 , most citizens had seen enough wild precedents in the four years since 9/11 to recognize that the “ material support ” hurdle of the Patriot Act is a low one indeed .
They could n't charge this guy ?
Somebody was trying to make a point .
But never fear — Jack Bauer knocks out a pawn - like Federal Marshall escorting the suspect and breaks every bone in one of the suspect 's hands until he talks , which of course renders exactly the information they need , just in the nick of time .
Thanks ,
God , for Jack Bauer , who has the stomach and the temerity to pummel my face — or yours ! — into concrete in the name of national security !
Finally , a hero emerges !
Never mind that we ’ve moved far afield , by this point , whether the predication for any of this executive activity is legitimate .
We ’re in a damned fervor , here .
We ai n’t got time for discernment !
It ’s easy to rationalize when the “ worst - case scenario ” mentality really takes root , too .
It was that guy ’s hand or millions of innocent lives , right ?
How do any of us stack up against that ?
This premise is fatally flawed , however : in life — in reality — our only source of data , our only means of verifying that these discretionary executive quests are legitimate , ultimately comes straight from the executive branch itself — which has a vested self - interest in avoiding self - incrimination .
So why would we believe any of it ?
Of course the byproduct of all this rationalization and acceptance is that most citizen viewers will likely apply the same mental precept when they encounter a similar situation in real life .
That ’s the whole point of propaganda , after all .
Duncan Campbell explains in The Guardian :
Hollywood film - makers have frequently changed plot lines , altered history and amended scripts at the request of the Pentagon , according to recently released military documents .
Producers and directors have often agreed to changes in order to gain access to expensive military hardware or to be able to film on military property .
On many occasions films have been changed so that the US armed forces are shown in a more heroic fashion .
Film companies agree to the changes because doing so saves them millions in production costs .
If film - makers do not agree to alterations , assistance is withheld .
Among films that have been given approval and help by the Pentagon are Armageddon , Air Force One , The Jackal , Pearl Harbor and Top Gun .
Those that have failed the test include Forrest Gump , Mars Attacks ! , The Thin Red Line , Apocalypse Now , Sgt Bilko , Platoon and Independence Day .
My attitude toward 24 has changed dramatically : from the first season , of ensuring that I was in my seat promptly , faithfully , every week at showtime — even in spite of the age of DVR — to this last season , of catching perhaps the final ten minutes of every other episode .
Although the fairies who animate my DVR record every episode faithfully , I rarely go back and watch anything besides what I happen to catch live .
I do n't need to see much to know what 's going to happen .
No one does .
Before you send me email , I realize that the fifth season featured a corrupt president staging terrorist attacks to justify global empire .
I watched some of it , especially the final two episodes , as Jack and others pulled off a sting operation to incriminate the criminal conspirators .
That on its face might qualify as a positive separation from the Bush administration , but you have to remember what the writers accomplish along the way .
During season 4 , Walt Cummings , one of the traitorous villains working for President Logan , advises the president that the torture of the uncharged suspect would haunt the administration if he turns out to be innocent .
Jack disagrees , of course , and after torturing the suspect illegally , Jack is vindicated when the suspect reveals pertinent information .
In season five , to prove a larger point , Cummings is revealed to be a traitor in patriot 's clothing .
So in case you 're keeping score , that 's " good guys " who advocate torture and incarceration without criminal charges , 1 , and " bad guys " who insist that charges and evidence should at least be a requirement for torture , nothing .
And where 's the party advocating no torture under any circumstances , you ask ?
Good question .
Now is that separation or more synchronicity ?
People who consider themselves to be conservatives should beware : if another Clinton - analog presidency occurs , it ’s not too difficult to imagine scenarios where these law enforcement tactics will be applied to anti-abortion activists , gun rights enthusiasts , the Minutemen , taxpayer protection groups , some new Branch Davidian group , and others like them .
( And incidentally , that 's when the Patriot Act will really come to fruition . )
Even better , I know that most people wo n't complain , because they already saw something just like it on 24 .
September 7 , 2006
The Best of Dave Trotter
I tried to sign up for an online site .
The signup page wanted a secret question and secret answer .
For the secret question , I put “ what is aunt Vera ’s cat ’s color ” .
It complained about the apostrophe in the question .
OK , fine .
I deleted that apostrophe .
For the secret answer , I put “ Aunt Vera does n’t have a cat . ”
And I got this :
1064 : You have an error in your SQL syntax ; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near ‘t have a cat ’ , ‘ male ’ ) ’ at line 1
This means that the programmers are in the habit of taking strings that they got from the user ( i.e. GET or POST parameters ) and concatenating them together with other bits and pieces of SQL to generate SQL statements .
For example , in PHP with PostgreSQL :
$x = pg_query ( " select * from accounts where name= ' " .
$ _GET [ " name " ] . " ' " ) ;
( For non-PHP programmers : “. ” is the string concatenation operator ) .
I ’m not surprised that they are in the habit of doing this ; a lot of programming books , tutorials , and documentation use examples like this .
Unfortunately it ’s a gigantic security hole called SQL injection .
The user , if malicious , can close the string that you opened , finish your select statement , put in a semicolon ( the SQL statement separator ) , and then type any SQL code they want , and it will run .
So , for example , if the user supplies this as name :
foo ' ; delete from accounts --
… the SQL statement executed will be :
select * from accounts where name= ' foo ' ; delete from accounts --'
… which will do exactly what it looks like : it will delete the entire table of accounts .
This is an extremely common problem : Michael Sutton did a little research project and found that 11.3 % of web applications have SQL injection vulnerabilities .
« Help !
Need a web developer / designer to fix this blog | Main | Motivating others : why " it 's good for you " does n't work »
It 's not too late to be a genius
In the web / tech world ( and many other domains ) , it seems the Big Ideas belong to the Young .
Barely 27 , David Heinemeier Hansson , creator of the Ruby on Rails framework , has changed the world and given the Ruby language a reason to live .
Then there 's Caterina and Stewart , creators of Flickr .
And do n't get me started on the creators of the blog service I 'm entering this post in ... Six Apart 's Ben and Mena .
Then there 's Larry and Sergey , the " boys " behind Google , and Jeff Bezos was just 30 when he founded Amazon .
At O'Reilly 's first Foo Camp , I learned later that the young guy who kept bugging Bert about games was Bram Cohen , creator of BitTorrent ( named to the Time 100 Most Influential People list ) .
If you 're over 40 , is there still hope ?
Could you be a late bloomer like Doc Searls who said in response to being called an " A - List Gatekeeper " :
" Nearly all of what I 'm known for I 've done since I was fifty . "
Apparently yes .
Frank Lloyd Wright did his best work at 70 .
Alfred Hitchcock got it all together just shy of 60 .
Beethoven 's 9th ?
50's .
You get the idea .
An economics researcher named David Galenson ( a late - bloomer himself ) plodded along for years and eventually discovered a way to reverse - engineer creativity ... finding that creative innovators come in two flavors : Conceptual and Experimental .
Conceptual innovators , it seems , get their Big Ideas out early , many peaking out before they leave their 30's .
They can change an industry ( sometimes the world ) almost overnight .
Experimental innovators are those who quietly crunch along , doing creative trial and error but staying largely under the radar until much later , often having no visibility until their 50's or beyond .
There are , of course , some Big Idea people who 've managed to start early and NOT peak out .
Unlike many of their Conceptual counterparts , these folks did n't flame out after a spectacularly run through their twenties .
My publisher and friend Tim O'Reilly is certainly one of those .
Guy Kawasaki is another ... as Apple 's original Mac evangelist , he wrote a bestseller Selling the Dream ( a classic , still useful ! ) in 1992 and just kept on going .
And from what I know of David HH , he might just be getting warmed up .
I reckon we 'll be hearing ( and using ) more of his Big Ideas for years or decades to come .
All this is from an article ( that most of you have probably already read ) by one of my favorite people , Dan Pink , author of the life / business - changing book A Whole New Mind .
The article titled , " What Kind of Genius Are You " , appeared in the July issue of Wired , and you can read it online here .
I skimmed the article when it first came out , saving it for a long coffee break , but lost the magazine in the shuffle of moving and travelling , until this morning .
I 'll never be a genius , and given that the chances of me being in the " young / conceptual " camp are pretty much zero , I still found the article inspiring .
There 's hope for me -- and all of us who are past our 30's -- still .
At the end of the article , he talks about how we need to make sure that the brash and bold are n't stifled by , say , their managers ( or work policies too inflexible to handle a creative genius ) .
So , yeah , another " duh " thing ( one that all managers acknowledge but few really DO ) .
He does n't leave out the slow - starters , though , because he adds :
" But we should also leave room for those of us who have , er , avoided peaking too early , whose most innovative days lie ahead ... we need to look at that more halting , less certain fellow and perhaps not write him off too early , give him a chance to ride the upward curve of middle age .
Of course , not every unaccomplished 65 - year old is some undiscovered experimental innovator .
This is a universal theory of creativity , not a Viagra for sagging baby boomer self - esteem .
It 's no justification for laziness or procrastination or indifference .
But it might bolster the resolve of the relentlessly curious , the constantly tinkering , the dedicated tortoises undaunted by the blur of the hares . "
So ... to all the hares out there ... watch your back !
We 're coming .
Just really , really s l o w l y .
And we have an advantage today that previous generations did n't ... the internet .
Blogs .
The opportunity to reach people online -- across the globe - - with nothing more than a free blogging account .
See , there was actually more to Doc Searl 's quote than I put at the beginning .
What he really said was :
" Nearly all of what I 'm known for I 've done since I was fifty .
And without the Net , there would hardly be any of it . "
It 's never too late to be creative .
It 's never too late to make a difference .
Just ... keep ... trying s***.
And remember the quote from the 90 - something woman who , when asked about her regrets said , " If I 'd known I was going to live this long , I 'd have taken up the violin at 60 .
I 'd have been playing for almost 40 years by now ... "
So , what kind of genius are YOU ?
( Whatever type you are -- conceptual or experimental - - note the computer both David and Doc are using in the pictures .
I 'm just sayin ' ... )
Photo credit : pictures were taken by James Duncan Davidson who , uh , managed to create the Tomcat Java web container ( and drove the astonishing effort that led Sun to donate it to Apache as open source ) , and Ant , all around the age of 30 .
Not content with being merely a tech genius , he recently launched a second part - time career as a pro photographer .
Bastard ! ; )
Posted by Kathy on September 27 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83461593969e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference
It 's not too late to be a genius :
» Dinner , Hope and Dispair from Keith Collins ' True Marketing Experience
I was out to dinner with half a dozen good friends last night , discussing blogging and generally chewing the fat over what is happening to communications , marketing etc .
Someone worried ( or maybe it was a joke ) about being too old for all this new st ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2006 4:22:31 AM
» What kind of genius am I ? from Agylen
Kathy Sierra :
So , what kind of genius are YOU ?
( Whatever type you areconceptual or experimentalnote the computer both David and Doc are using in the pictures .
Im just sayin ) Like Kathy , I think Im ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2006 6:54:05 AM
» Its Never Too Late from Architected Information
Kathy Sierra wrote a great post titled , Its not too late to be a genius .
A lot of people use the excuse that they are too old to try something new , because they arent in their 20s ( of course , this is a load of crap ) ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2006 7:20:56 AM
» There 's hope ... from HMK's Spurious Thoughts
Looks like there 's a silver lining on the horizon for those of us who turned 40 :
It 's not too late to be a genius .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2006 12:01:29 PM
» Snippets from brandsizzle
It 's Not Too Late To Be A GeniusThere 's two types of genius : quick and dramatic , and careful and quiet .
Learning which type you are can renew confidence in your innovative abilities no matter how old you are .
Wonderful and inspiring [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 1 , 2006 11:13:46 AM
» What a great line ( aka QOTD : 20060928 ) from The Universal Church of Cosmic Uncertainty
" It 's never too late to make a difference .
Just ... keep ... trying s***." ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 1 , 2006 8:25:25 PM
» What Kind of Genius Are You ?
from
It 's not too late to be a genius .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 6 , 2006 12:48:09 PM
» If I had known I 'd live this long ... from Tryangulation
If I 'd known I was going to live this long , I 'd have taken up the violin at 60 .
I 'd have been playing for almost 40 years by now .
-- Quote from a woman in her 90s , reported by Kathy Sierra .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 24 , 2006 3:27:18 PM
Comments
This gives me hope .
I 've heard that the peak is at 27 .
Otehrs say it is at 30 if you were going to do something * great * .
It 's nice to know humans still do n't live in boxes ;)
Posted by : hollyster | Sep 27 , 2006 8:17:10 PM
Kathy , with all due respect ...
DHH is * definitely * a smart and talented guy who has accomplished a great deal , but do you really think he has " changed the world " and " given the Ruby language a reason to live " ?
I 'm just not seeing that at all .
I appreciate the marketing that he has been able to pull off as much as the next guy .
In fact , I find the marketing aspect of Rails to be more impressive than the technical aspects .
But , those statements just seem outrageous to me .... " changed the world " ??
Posted by : Steve Akers | Sep 27 , 2006 9:11:37 PM
Thank you , I needed this !!!
Posted by : Johannes de Jong | Sep 27 , 2006 9:23:09 PM
I 'm not sure if Genius comes with a date .
As Edison says : Genius is 1 % inspiration and 99 % perspiration .
How can anyone be a genius ?
By perfecting the art of execution .
See - creativity and innovation is easy .
Mixup two existing ideas and you 've got a third novel idea .
There are many rules and systems which you can follow step - by - step to become creative .
The easiest one is " SCAMPER " .
Then there is " TRIZ " - which says there are only 40 ways to innovate ( and you can go through these 40 ways step - by - step . )
And there are a dozen other such systems that allow anyone to become creative .
Coming up with ideas is very easy with such systems .
Implementing these ideas is what is hard .
There are very few people who perfect the art of execution below the age of 20 .
Most people perfect this art between 20 - 30 or they do n't perfect it at all .
There are quite a few who get it right after 40 too - and you might call them late bloomers .
If you want to become a genius - do n't study the one - hit wonders who had one bright stroke .
Rather study the people who have had hits after hits - because these are the people you can learn the art of execution from .
Learn from the consistent geniuses .
Edison .
J.P. Morgan .
Tiger Woods .
Oprah .
Posted by : Ankesh Kothari | Sep 28 , 2006 12:02:15 AM
Quote : " I 'll never be a genius , and given that the chances of me being in the " young / conceptual " camp are pretty much zero , I still found the article inspiring .
There 's hope for me -- and all of us who are past our 30's -- still . "
Ummm Kathy ... are n't you one of the co-founders of the Head First series ?
You ARE a frickin ' genius !
I should know , I 'm one of your " passionate users " and a self - appointed Head First evangelist !
Posted by : Mike Farinha | Sep 28 , 2006 12:19:59 AM
In all fairness , I should add that , at my age , Beethoven was dead .
:-)
Posted by : Doc Searls | Sep 28 , 2006 12:42:38 AM
I am a long time reader of this site but this is my first post .
Thanks for this .
I turned 42 last weekend !
Posted by : Peter Anderson | Sep 28 , 2006 1:36:59 AM
Meh , i've got some good ideas but lack the resources to make them real , i'm 21 , but i feel that if i do n't put them to practice now someone else will , i've seen some news about ' things ' that share the some of the ' primary colors ' of my ' composed color ' , quite frustrating ..
Posted by : apoc | Sep 28 , 2006 2:19:37 AM
This article also gives a lot of hope to a generation in developing countries ( like Malawi where I 'm from ) who did not have a chance to play with computers and other gadgets in their early curious days .
Thanks Kathy and Dan Pink !
Posted by : Soyapi | Sep 28 , 2006 2:27:37 AM
I am 26 nearing 27 ... I reckon I have to wait for me blooming into a genius .
Posted by : Balaji M | Sep 28 , 2006 3:42:31 AM
Richard Feynman was always concerned about losing his creative edge in later life .
I wonder if the phenomenon of creativity well past your 40's is something that we are going to see more of in the future due to changes in the social / corporate structure ?
The fact that it was reasonable to have a discussion about " Success should not mean management " hints at a change going on in the structure of a working life .
If more people ensure that they are in positions in which they are expected to remain creative throughout their careers , then we 're going to see fewer people with creative atrophy .
( imho , of course )
Posted by : omni | Sep 28 , 2006 4:44:46 AM
I 'm with Doc .
This applies to me too .
" Nearly all of what I 'm known for I 've done since I was fifty .
And without the Net , there would hardly be any of it . "
In case you are n't aware of Time Goes By and all its dynamic late blooming followers check out http://www.timegoesby.net/.
This is the flagship site for people even older than baby boomers , who like to be called elders .
You 'll find a bunch of elders who are kicking butt as experimental innovators .
Posted by : Virginia | Sep 28 , 2006 6:38:32 AM
There is a lot of quality , time between 30 and death .
Do n't count anyone out . ;)
Posted by : Schmanz | Sep 28 , 2006 7:10:51 AM
FYI Beethoven did MUCH before his 50s , in fact most of his ouevre comes before the 9th Symphony .
You can see his genius even back to his early piano sonatas , and a gradual increase in sophistication as he matured .
The difference is , the 9th Symphony premiered to great acclaim when Beethoven was thought to be a washed - up has - been .
That 's the genius of it .
(... despite the German nationalistic subtext of the last movement , which probably brought it more acclaim . )
Posted by : Sean Cribbs | Sep 28 , 2006 7:25:29 AM
Malcom Gladwell gave a talk about this same topic back in February and I blogged about it .
It is an interesting division , but the gray areas in between seem quite large .
But you 're absolutely right - it 's inspirational for us post 30ers !
Posted by : Vinod Kurup | Sep 28 , 2006 8:18:31 AM
Whether you can be a young genius depends partly on what domain you pick .
Math , physics , CS -- yes .
Biology and psychology -- not so much ; they 're too messy and have too much data .
Charles Darwin had his most brilliant insight as a young man , but he spent the rest of his life marshalling the evidence and arguments for it , without which nobody would have bought it .
If he 'd published the idea of evolution by natural selection as soon as he got off the Beagle , he would n't have changed the world , because he would have been thought a wacko .
And / or he would have been a footnote when Alfred Wallace published the theory , with evidence .
Posted by : Janet Swisher | Sep 28 , 2006 9:50:05 AM
As I like to say , I spent the first 41 years of my life pulling my head out of my ass ; I 'd like to spend the next 41 ( and more , lord willing and the creek do n't rise ) helping other people pull theirs out faster .
Famous or not , the great work of my life has just begun ...
Posted by : communicatrix | Sep 28 , 2006 10:05:17 AM
I doubt age has nearly so much to do with it as " free " time .
Young before you have too many responsibilities / distractions , older when those things have passed .
Paul Graham has written on this , but it is hardly his or a new idea ...
Look at Ive and Apple , the stories that surfaced about Ive lately talk about their fanatical dedication to rework and rework and rework to get it just right .
Clean house , take care of kids , hold a day job , care for aging parents , those take time and energy .
Does n't seem to be any surprise ...
Posted by : Doug | Sep 28 , 2006 11:23:02 AM
Amazingly timely .
I was just commenting to someone yesterday that I do n't think I 'll really attain the proficiency I 'm looking for in the field of software development until I 'm in my 50's ( I'm 35 now ) .
Not that I 'm a newbie , either : I 've been a professional software developer for almost 16 years .
It 's just that now I 'm starting to dig a little deeper into my craft and research how pointy - headed academic research like functional programming and lambda calculus can be applied to the kind of development I do every day in C++ and .NET .
Early on I was more concerned with how much code I could write and how much cool stuff I could invent .
Now I 'm more concerned with the lasting quality of it all , and what it contributes to the state of the art .
Looking forward , I ca n't WAIT to explore parallel processing on quantum machines .
That 's why I 'm studying the stuff I 'm studying now .
Absolutely , I 'm looking forward to hitting my stride .
Thanks for the post .
Regarding Ruby on Rails , I have to agree with Steve Akers .
Creative ?
Sure .
World - changing ?
Not yet -- we 'll see .
Excellent marketing ?
No doubt whatsoever .
Posted by : Paul M. Parks | Sep 28 , 2006 12:43:57 PM
Erma Bombeck did a wonderful column that was originally published under the title " It 's Never Too Late " .
In it she listed women who achieved their greatest successes later in life .
They include Margaret Chase Smith , Grandma Moses , Anne Marrow Lindbergh , Golda Meir , Shirley Temple Black and of course Erma herself .
She wrote her first column at age 37 .
So here is my question , how many of those people found success with something they had been doing all along ?
How many either did something they always wanted to do but had never done ?
How many of them went back to something they were passionate about as a child and left behind at some point ?
Posted by : Julie | Sep 29 , 2006 10:54:32 AM
" I 'll never be a genius , and given that the chances of me being in the " young / conceptual " camp are pretty much zero , I still found the article inspiring .
There 's hope for me -- and all of us who are past our 30's -- still . "
Wouldn`t you say you`re already a late bloomer ?
Having thought out and executed the first of a series of IT books that are the most popular at the moment and probably for years to come .
We`ll surely see this learning form being adopted by other fields within science .
Speaking of witch , I can`t wait for the Head First Algebra to get a good clue about it at the age of 25 :)
At the present maturity of Internet technology , you just need to be naturally creative and self critical , which many people are , young and old .
Most importantly one needs to learn how to execute .
The only resource you need is your head , all the tools are free ( or close to it ) .
It`s a great age to innovate , only most people came a bit late into it , and haven`t got time to execute because of daily responsibility ( as pointed out in an earlier comment ) .
Posted by : Haakon | Sep 30 , 2006 3:59:16 AM
I 'm a firm believer in the late start - what choice do I have ?
There is n't a morning that goes by without my gazing into the bathroom mirror and reminding myself that by the time Mozart was my age he'd been dead for 15 years .
Posted by : robbo | Oct 1 , 2006 7:20:14 PM
I 've turned 50 this year and am launching a startup based on computer graphics tech I developed over the last several years to automatically rotoscope a video ( like " A Scanner Darkly " ) without labor - intensive human animation in the loop .
I resonate with your comments about creative spurts later in life and definitely think of myself as a late bloomer .
I also think there can be an advantage coming into a field late and learning it on your own - you 're less likely to be saddled with traditional metaphors and paradigms ( where people may have gotten stuck ) and are freer to come at it with your own fresh insights .
In my case I had dabbled in image processing math in grad school ( as a psych student hanging around a robotics / computer vision lab ) , but I found that coming back to it and working through it on my own 20 + years later that I 've gotten much further .
Part of it is I did n't know all the cases of " do n't bother with that , we always do it this way , " so I just made my own best guess of how to build things from scratch , experimented , and some of them worked .
Anyway , thanks again .
Posted by : Stan Schwartz | Oct 2 , 2006 11:47:18 AM
I 've just finished watching an episode of Catalyst ( http://www.abc.net.au/catalyst/)
- one of the stories was on the behaviour of the brain in later life .
It seems that while there are some faculties that do decline with age , there are some that improve into your 50s .
Most noteworthy ( for this article ) is the ability to recognise patterns and to be able to make quick ( and correct ) decisions based on those patterns .
As I have said earlier , I think that one of the keys to maximising the potential of people beyond what has been seen as their most creative years is to be able to harness this experience - and this improving ability in pattern recognition .
Posted by : omni | Oct 5 , 2006 5:03:57 AM
I completely agree with you .
there are early and late bloomers out there .
I would also like to add that at whatever stage you are two considerations apply : one is that success often eludes people because they tend to throw in the towel ( out of frustration ) after a long period of activity and just before they hit the gold veins of success .
Second , people often go through long periods of quiescence - hibernatory episodes if you like .
Both phenoms .
can be solved by putting in just that much extra effort and working with a mentor / coach .
Posted by : jude ero |
Oct 13 , 2006 7:36:31 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
" It seems that only fragments of the original text remain in the Lorem Ipsum texts used today .
The most well - known dummy text is the ' Lorem Ipsum ' , which is said to have originated in the 16th century . "
InfoQ Homepage Presentations How to Design a Good API & Why it Matters
Summary
A well - written API can be a great asset to the organization that wrote it and to all that use it .
Given the importance of good API design , surprisingly little has been written on the subject .
In this talk ( recorded at Javapolis ) , Java library designer Joshua Bloch teaches how to design good APIs , with many examples of what good and bad APIs look like .
The Meaning of “ Ubuntu ” – Explained by Nelson Mandela June 1 , 2006
Posted by Carthik in ubuntu
I have often wondered what the best way to explain the meaning , or the feeling sought to be conveyed by the word “ Ubuntu ” .
No , it is not a word in my native tongue , and so it is all the more intriguing to see how closely that word fits the concepts around the Ubuntu OS .
What better way to understand what it means that to hear it from Nelson Mandela , one of South Africa ’s most famous sons ?
I found the following YouTube video ( thanks to this German Blog ) which shows Nelson Mandela explaining what Ubuntu means :
I would like to pat Mark , and everyone else involved in naming the Ubuntu OS , on their backs , and thank them for choosing such a wonderful name .
Digg
This !
I knew him only as the boy in the kitchen .
His mother , Yoshiko , would n't tell me his name , fearful that neighbours in this Tokyo suburb might discover her secret .
Her son is 17 years old .
Three years ago he was unhappy in school and began to play truant .
Then one day , he walked into the family 's kitchen , shut the door and refused to leave .
Families adjust
Since then , he has n't left the room or allowed anyone in .
The family have since built a new kitchen - at first they had to cook on a makeshift stove or eat take away food .
His mother takes meals to his door three times a day .
The toilet is adjacent to the kitchen , but he only baths once every six months .
Yoshiko showed me pictures of her son before his retreat into isolation ; he was a plump , cheerful young teenager , with no symptoms of mental illness .
Bullying tipped the balance
Then a classmate taunted him with anonymous hate letters and scrawled abusive graffiti about him in the schoolyard .
The boy in the kitchen suffers from a social disorder known in Japan as hikikomori , which means to withdraw from society .
One psychologist has described the condition as an " epidemic " , which now claims more than a million sufferers in their late teens and twenties .
The trigger is usually an event at school , such as bullying , an exam failure or a broken romance .
Unique condition
Dr Henry Grubb , a psychologist from the University of Maryland in the United States , is preparing the first academic study to be published outside Japan .
He says that young people the world over fear school or suffer agoraphobia , but hikikomori is a specific condition that does n't exist elsewhere .
" It 's really hard to get a handle on this " he told me , " there 's nothing like this in the West . "
Dr Grubb is also surprised by the passive , softly , softly approach followed by parents and counsellors in Japan .
" If my child was inside that door and I did n't see him , I 'd knock the door down and walk in .
Simple .
But in Japan , everybody says give it time , it 's a phase or he 'll grow out of it . "
If children refuse to attend school , social workers or the courts rarely get involved .
Most consider hikikomori a problem within the family , rather than a psychological illness .
Historical origins
Japan 's leading hikikomori psychiatrist , Dr Tamaki Saito , believes the cause of the problem lies within Japanese history and society .
Traditional poetry and music often celebrate the nobility of solitude .
And until the mid-nineteenth century , Japan had cut itself off from the outside world for 200 years .
More recently , Dr Saito points to the relationship between mothers and their sons .
Most hikikomori sufferers are male , often the eldest son .
" In Japan , mothers and sons often have a symbiotic , co-dependent relationship .
Mothers will care for their sons until they become 30 or 40 years old . "
After a period of time - usually a matter of years - some re-enter society .
The mystery remains
Increasingly , clinics are opening , offering a half - way house for recovering sufferers .
Another sufferer , Tadashi , spent four years without leaving his home .
Two years ago , he sought help and now has a part time job making doughnuts .
Tadashi is slowly re-entering society .
He still fears meeting strangers and is petrified that neighbours will find out that he once suffered from the disorder .
But what bothers him most is not understanding why he lost four years of his life .
" I want to know the reasons , " he told me .
" You could say it 's related to Japanese traditions .
" I just do n't know .
I suppose people are still trying to find out what hikikomori is all about . "
Reporter : Phil Rees
Produced and Directed : Darren Conway
Editor : Karen O'Connor
Deputy Editor : David Belton
Online Producer : Andrew Jeffrey
It was a somber , solemn and dignified moment with the President and First Lady .
A lot of thought went into this 5 year anniversary .
Poignant and touching in every respect .
Except ...
You ’ve heard all the reasons that people want to stop renting .
“ I do n’t want to waste my money . ”
Heck , you may have even said them yourself .
Many of my friends are reaching that point in their lives where they ’re considering buying a home .
However it ’s unfortunate that so many choose to buy over rent , especially in this expensive market , because many well - intentioned people are buying homes that are actually damaging their finances .
Despite the fact that many people disagree with me that the real estate market is going to deflate , there is a rule of thumb that I use that should give you an idea about how much you should spend on a home even if the market is in a slump .
For every $ 100 you spend in rent a month , you ’d be better off buying up to $ 12,500 in property instead .
For example , I live in Northern New Jersey , and currently pay $ 1,000 / mn for my 1 bedroom apartment .
I would be better of financially if I were to buy a condo that cost up to $ 125,000 .
The only problem is that where I live , there ’s nothing habitable that I can buy for under $ 125,000 , and if I spend much more than that , it ’ll actually cost me more money to buy than rent !!!
Unfortunately this is a problem shared by my friends in major cities around the country .
Okay , you ’re skeptical .
I know it and I do n’t blame you .
So I ’m going to prove to you right now , why my rule of thumb works .
The Proof is in the PITI
The great thing about a home is that you get to build equity .
It ’s like your home becomes this great big piggy bank and with every mortgage payment you ’re saving more money .
But , this privilege is not free .
Unless you can pay for the entire cost of your house in cash , which is rare , banks offer loans to help individuals purchase the properties in exchange for interest .
Like rent money , mortgage interest is essentially “ wasted . ”
It goes neither to improving the property nor to building equity .
It ’s simply a fee for the privilege of living in your house .
And in addition to interest , you ’re also required to pay property taxes and insurance every month as well .
All these payments are known as the PITI payment , which stands for Principle , Interest , Taxes and Insurance , and is a single payment you pay to your bank , who then distributes your money to the government and insurance company .
Houses also have additional expenses , such as lawn care , maintenance , and big ticket expenses like a new roof , new appliances , or a new furnace .
As renters we do n’t have to worry about any of these expenses because most leases include them as part of your rent , meaning no extra money out of your pocket when the freezer stops freezing , and someone will install it for you !
A responsible homeowner should set aside some money every month to pay for these expenses when they eventually occur ( and they always do ) .
So there are a lot of extra expenses that are essentially wasted when you buy a home .
Wasted in the sense that they do n’t build equity , which aside from taxes and appreciation is the only real advantage to owning a home .
So let ’s compare renting and buying
Buying a home should not be about what you can afford .
It should be about wasting as little money as possible .
For example , let ’s say you can afford to pay $ 1,200 / mn for a condo , but rents in your area are only $ 800 / mn for a nice 1 - bedroom .
You ’d actually be building more assets if you rented , and saved the extra $ 400 / mn in a mutual fund .
So again , how do you determine when you should rent and when you should buy ?
When the combined home expenses , interest , taxes , and insurance equals your rent , that ’s the point when you can and should buy a home .
I ’ve run all kinds of numbers to prove out my theory , and when I look at it 125:1 seems to be the ratio I keep coming up with .
If I pay more than that ( especially as I near the $ 1400 level ) , I would actually be spending more money on my home than if I were renting .
Of course this number is n’t totally exact , and unforseen situations can arise so , I ’ve also built a comfortable cushion in this ratio to cover the wide range of circumstances .
This ratio is different for each person based on variables such as how much they can afford as a downpayment and local property taxes .
For more information on how I calculated this ratio and a calculator to determine your ratio , see my article How much should you spend on a home ?
What about taxes , appreciation and multi-families ?
Look , I like being appreciated just like the next guy , but this rule of thumb takes into account two assumptions .
First , we ca n’t take into account taxes or price appreciation .
With few exceptions , a home purchase should first make financial sense without taking appreciation into account , so that no matter what the price of your home does , you wo n’t be perched precariously over a financial disaster .
Because personal mortgage interest is deductible on your taxes , your overall tax burden is minimized at the end of the year .
Because most of the interest in a mortgage is paid at the beginning of loan , your first year you would receive the greatest benefit .
For a typical mortgage on a $ 125,000 house at today ’s interest rates , you ’d be spending about $ 7,400 on interest for the first year ( it drops to $ 7300 in year 2 ) .
Of the deductible amount , the standard deduction may chop off a good hunk of that right away , so you ’d be saving maybe an extra $ 1,200 on your taxes , and that ’s for only the first year !
The longer you have a mortgage the less you pay in interest a year , and the more inflation will eat away at your deduction .
In either case , I do n’t believe you should spend more money to have a bigger deduction .
In terms of appreciation , I think most people agree that the real estate market is going to slow .
I personally believe that we ’re going to experience serious price drops in major metropolitan areas , such as here in New Jersey .
Renting is just too attractive an option for consumers , and the rents are too low for investors .
If the prices of housing at the very least stagnate , we ’ll see appreciation of less than 5 % for the next few years , if not longer .
That being the case , you ’d be better off buying a mutual fund making 8 to 12 % , even if you ’d be affected by long - term capital gains taxes .
Unless the real estate market is red hot in your area and you want to flip your property , do n’t rely too much on appreciation .
[ NOTE ]
Home price appreciation is magnified by leverage .
If housing prices increase 5 % and you only put 5 % down , you ’ve doubled your money your first year on paper .
With a mutual fund , though , a 10 % return is always 10 % no matter how much you invest .
In real estate taking control of a property for less than its value is known as leverage , and can lead to serious returns in booming markets .
However housing prices are softening in many areas , and selling your home with a real estate agent can cost as much 6 % of the value of your home , eating away at your sale price .
For Sale By Owner ( FSBO – “ Fiz ’ bow ” ) will help you avoid those costs , but in a buyer ’s market can also lead to a significantly lower sale price .
Is it possible to make a lot of money with price appreciation in the next 5 years ?
Of course .
But do n’t bank on it unless it ’s a sure thing .
Additionally , this discussion only makes sense if you ’re talking about buying a single family home ( house / condo ) .
When you throw multi-family into the mix , the discussion gets more complicated , so since the vast majority of people start off with a one - family we ’ll use that as our basis .
Becoming a landlord can be very financially rewarding and hopefully more people will choose that as an option to first - time home ownership .
Wrapping it up
If you take away anything from this article , I hope it ’s the fact that there are many expenses involved in owning a home , especially when you ’re just starting out and are struggling to afford a place to live .
While it may be easy to think that home ownership is a way out of the rent trap , consider how much money ( and do n’t forget time ) you ’d actually be wasting every month just to own your home .
Unfortunately in most major cities these days , buying property is so darned expensive it does n’t make sense for many of us to own until we get married and start families .
But how bad is that really ?
Sure you have to deal with your neighbors , but renting means that someone else worries about your leaky faucet and broken washer , and that kind of good night ’s rest is truly money in the bank .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I think homeownership is a wonderful thing , but think long and hard about the decision before you make the leap .
Unless you can find a cheap condo somewhere or live in a market that has n’t had the kind of price runups we ’ve seen in the past 10 years , I think it makes more sense to start saving for your downpayment in a diversified mutual fund , and wait for prices to stabalize .
References
FAQ on Deducting Mortgage Interest . Quicken.com
The chairman of the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution , Sir John Lawton , has called climate change deniers in the US " loonies " , and says global warming is to blame for the increasingly strong hurricanes being spawned in the Atlantic .
In an interview with The Independent , Lawton said that global warming is " very likely " the cause of increasingly intense hurricanes , in line with computer simulations .
He told the paper : " If this [ the arrival of Hurricane Rita ] makes the climate loonies in the States realise we 've got a problem , some good will come out of a truly awful situation . "
Lawton was speaking as Hurricane Rita is growing in strength in the Gulf of Mexico and the region prepares for another battering .
NASA has closed the Johnson Space Center in Houston in preparation for the storm , and has evacuated personnel from sites damaged by Katrina .
At the Michoud Assembly Facility , a skeleton crew of just forty remains to ride out the storm .
Meanwhile , residents of Houston are evacuating the city .
Traffic queues hundreds of kilometres long are forming as fears grow that Houston could suffer the same kind of onslaught that caused such devastation in New Orleans last month .
Lawton said that with two such large storms hitting the Gulf coast in such quick succession , the Bush administration should re-evaluate its position on climate change .
He said if the " extreme sceptics " in the US could be persuaded to change their minds , that would be " a valuable outcome [ of ] a horrible mess " .
" There are a group of people in various parts of the world ... who simply do n't want to accept human activities can change climate and are changing the climate .
I 'd liken them to the people who denied that smoking causes lung cancer . "
Some climatologists maintain that global warming is unlikely to have an impact on hurricanes .
They argue that the increase in landfalls we are seeing now is due to a long term ( 50 - 70 years ) cycle in Atlantic ocean temperatures , a phenomenon known as the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation .
However , Sir John says that it is fair to conclude that an increasingly warm climate , caused at least in part by human activity , is also warming the oceans ' surfaces , and increasing the violence of hurricanes .
" Increasingly it looks like a smoking gun , " he said . ®
Ajax rein und Kurs 360° Ulrich Wolf
Surfen und kooperieren im zweiten Netz
Eine Webadresse in die Browserzeile eintippen , auf einer Seite einen Hyperlink anklicken , in ein Textfeld ein paar Wörter eintippen und auf " Absenden " klicken , das ist das altgewohnte Web , wie es jeder kennt .
Was aber hat es mit dem " Web 2.0 " auf sich , von dem in Online - Artikeln , Foren und Blogs so viel die Rede ist ?
Stellt man diese Frage netzbewanderten Zeitgenossen , erhält man ebenso viele Antworten , wie man Experten gefragt hat .
Für den einen ist es ein Buzzword für die wieder einmal hereinbrechende Goldgräberstimmung im Internet , der nächste sieht es als eine Verbindung von Techniken , die schon lange selbstverständlich sind , die aber kein Mensch braucht .
Wenn man Web 2.0 als einen Sammelbegriff für neue Möglichkeiten für die Vernetzung und die freiwillige Zusammenarbeit von Computeranwendern nimmt , dann hilft das , einen Überblick darüber zu bekommen , in welche Richtung sich das weltweite Netz entwickelt .
Im Folgenden wird eine Handvoll deutschsprachiger Web - 2.0 - Angebote vorgestellt .
Taggle , Icio und Leze sind Nachkömmlinge von Del.icio.us , der US - amerikanischen
Online - Bookmark - Community , die ihre Anziehungskraft aus dem gemeinsamen Heraussuchen und Verschlagworten von bemerkenswerten Hyperlinks bezieht .
Ein Taggle - Teilnehmer , der beim Surfen über irgendetwas Interessantes stolpert , kann hier einen Link und eine kurze Beschreibung seiner Entdeckung veröffentlichen .
Dabei kann es um alles Mögliche gehen , eine gut gemachte Website , einen interessanten Online - Artikel , ein Blog - Posting , ein sehenswertes Foto – die Vielfalt ist unbegrenzt .
Das Taggen , also das Bezeichnen eines Hyperlinks mit ein paar themenbezogenen Stichworten , ist dabei eines der Community - gesteuerten Verfahren , durch das die Tätigkeit eines Einzelnen für die Gemeinschaft so aufgewertet wird .
Zum Beispiel gibt der Vorschlagende zu einem Hinweis auf eine klickenswerte Kinofilm - Website das Stichwort " Film " ein , eine Audio - Datei mit einer Bloglesung wird mit " Podcast " getaggt und so weiter .
So werden die vielen Vorschläge , die nach kurzer Zeit durch die Community zusammen kommen , so geordnet , dass sie für die Vielzahl von Nutzern mit ihren unterschiedlichen Interessen praktikabel werden .
Natürlich kann man sich statt einer an Stichworten ausgerichteten Vorauswahl auch die beliebtesten Links über alle Themenbereiche hinweg anzeigen lassen .
Wer aber auf seiner persönlichen Taggle - Seite ein Set von passgenauen Stichworten vorgibt , hat damit einen brauchbaren Weg , die Menge der empfohlenen Seiten zu kanalisieren .
Eine andere Möglichkeit ist , sich nur die Linktipps eines bestimmten anderen Teilnehmers anzeigen zu lassen , zum Beispiel , weil man gemeinsame Interessengebiete hat , oder weil man die von ihm bisher geposteten Hinweise schätzt .
Yigg , die News - Community
Geht es bei den genannten Bookmark - Diensten um das Ordnen einer bunten Vielfalt , sozusagen um Wegweiser zu den Trauminseln im Daten - Ozean , steht bei Yigg.de mehr der sportliche Wettbewerb im Vordergrund .
Die hier aktive Gemeinde stellt neue Links nicht nur vor , man liefert sich gleich eine Art Wettkampf um die besten Vorschläge .
Die Mitglieder können nämlich mit einem Mausklick eine positive Bewertung für einen neuen Tipp abgeben .
Neuigkeiten mit vielen Yiggs , das heißt Zustimmungen , wandern auf der Seite nach oben , sodass jeder Besucher die besten Links übersichtlich gesammelt vorfindet .
Vorteil einer solchen Gemeinde aus News - Geeks ist , dass dort auch Meldungen an die Oberfläche gefördert werden , die im netzüblichen Wirbel der Nichtigkeiten leicht untergehen .
Die ungeklärten Vorgänge um die Beeinflussung von Radar - Aufnahmen für die Wettervorhersage , zum Beispiel , war schon auf Yigg zu finden , bevor Telepolis das Thema aufgriff .
Suchmaschine mit IQ
Auf über 4800 Teilnehmer knapp zwei Monate nach dem Start kann das Portal Lycos Europe bei seinem Projekt Lycos IQ hinweisen .
Die Community befasst sich ähnlich wie die bisher genannten Websites auch mit dem Veröffentlichen und Verschlagworten von Hyperlinks , doch im Vordergrund steht hier der Wissensaustausch untereinander .
Jeder Besucher der Site kann hier eine Frage aus einem frei gewählten Themenbereich stellen und von den Mitgliedern beantworten lassen .
Das Beantworten einer gestellten Frage setzt eine Registrierung voraus , wobei die Angabe von Name , Geburtsdatum und Wohnort - Postleitzahl verpflichtend sind – ungewöhnlich für Web - 2.0 - Projekte , bei denen für die Anmeldung meist eine E - Mail - Adresse und ein Fantasiename genügen .
Schließlich soll die Hemmschwelle für den Einstieg eines neuen Teilnehmers möglichst niedrig sein .
Wer bei Lycos IQ Fragen beantwortet oder interessante Links postet , bekommt Punkte von den anderen Mitgliedern übertragen und rückt damit in der Rangfolge nach oben .
Ein sehr durchdachtes System aus Bewertungen und Status - Punkten , die ein Community - Member auf sich vereinigt hat , erlaubt es den anderen , ihn als Experten für die Beantwortung einer Frage auszusortieren oder auch zu bevorzugen .
Die Verwendung von Ajax - Applikationen erlaubt es , beim Eintippen von Fragen oder beim Anbringen von Tags Wörter automatisch zu vervollständigen und aus der Datenbank Vorschläge für verwandte Begriffe zu erzeugen , eine nützliche Sache , mit der den Anwendern die Scheu vor dem Eintippen langer Sätze oder komplizierter Wörter genommen werden soll .
Die Lycos-Verantwortlichen sehen in der Wissen spendenden Eigenentwicklung eine Alternative zu den computererzeugt ermittelten Treffern der gewohnten WWW - Suchmaschinen , und fügen Antworten aus dem durch die Community zustande gekommenen Bestand in die Suchergebnisse ein , die bei einer Websuche im Lycos -Portal erscheinen .
Offene Netzwerker
Dem Netzwerk - Gedanken am nächsten unter den hier vorgestellten Web - 2.0 - Angeboten kommt OpenBC , das zweieinhalb Jahre nach der Gründung auf immerhin eine Million Mitglieder verweisen kann , die Sites in anderen Ländern einbezogen .
Auf dieser Plattform bewegen sich vorwiegend beruflich und geschäftlich interessierte Teilnehmer .
Sie stellen sich auf einer persönlichen Profil - Seite mit ihrem Tätigkeitsfeld und ihren Kontakten innerhalb der OpenBC - Community vor .
Über gemeinsame Bekannte oder aufgrund gleicher Interessen können so neue Beziehungen entstehen , die über das Netzwerk - eigene Nachrichtensystem angestoßen werden .
Darüber hinaus findet in den Foren ein offener Meinungsaustausch statt , zum Beispiel sind unter Social Software Gesprächsforen zu Web - 2.0 - Themen einsehbar .
Eine kurze Flash - animierte Einführung in die Nutzung von OpenBC ist unter http://www.powerflasher.de/ref/openBC/ abrufbar .
360° Yahoo , die Rundum - Versorgung
Die vor einigen Wochen in deutscher Sprache gestartete Plattform Yahoo !
360° legt ihren Schwerpunkt auf den Austausch mit Freunden und auf das Kennenlernen von neuen Menschen .
Nach der obligatorischen Registrierung hat ein Teilnehmer so ziemlich alle Möglichkeiten , sich selbst darzustellen , die das Netz heutzutage bietet .
Mit einem eigenen Weblog oder einer Homepage , mit Fotos , Videos und Text - Anmerkungen zu seinen ganz eigenen Interessen kann er zeigen , was ihm so im Kopf herumgeht .
Auf einer persönlich zusammengestellten Seite werden Freunde aufgelistet , den Musikgeschmack bedienende Radiostationen zusammengestellt , oder die Themen - Newsgroups aufgezählt , bei denen er mitmacht .
Andere Community - Mitglieder , die sich durch die Seiten klicken , sollen über Interessen , die sie mit der vorgestellten Person teilen , sympathische Leute finden können , und das erste Anbandeln erfolgt etwa durch eine persönliche Nachricht oder eine Instant - Message .
Nützlich , wenn auf der jeweiligen Personen - Seite angegeben ist , ob der oder die Betreffende gerade online und damit erreichbar ist .
Yahoo bewegt sich mit 360° auf derselben Schiene wie die US - amerikanische Social - Networking - Plattform Myspace.com , die vor einem halben Jahr von Rupert Murdochs News Corporation für 580 Millionen Dollar übernommen wurde .
Communities , in denen sich Millionen von Jugendlichen tummeln und offenherzig über ihre privaten Vorlieben plaudern , sind eben ein ideales Werbe - Umfeld .
Passende Musik abmischen
Lassen sich die bisher genannten Projekte unter dem Oberbegriff ' vernetzte Nutzer erzeugen Inhalte ' zusammenfassen , steht das letzte hier vorgestellte Angebot eher als Beispiel für die Weiterentwicklung von Schnittstellen für eine erweiterte Interaktion zwischen Benutzer und Web -Anwendung .
Das Musik - Vorschlagssystem
Musiclens basiert auf dem Versuch , das subjektive Erlebnis , das eine Person beim Anhören eines Stücks hat , in allgemeingültige Merkmale zu fassen .
Anhand dieser Merkmale soll der Anwender seinem Musikgeschmack entsprechende neue Stücke finden können .
Beim Öffnen der Seite wird dem Nutzer eine Flash - erzeugte Grafik mit einem Mischpult mit zehn Schiebereglern angezeigt .
Diese Stellknöpfe dienen der Beschreibung des eigenen Musikgeschmacks , sie ermöglichen eine Feineinstellung von Kriterien wie laut - leise , schnell - langsam , bevorzugter Hörsituation oder Entstehungszeit des Tracks ( nach Jahrzehnt ) .
Manche Merkmale wie vokal - instrumental erschließen sich von selbst , andere wie die Farbe eines Musikstücks sind eher dem individuellen Empfinden eines Hörers zuzuordnen , und setzen beim Anwender auf den Lerneffekt bei eingehender Beschäftigung mit dem System .
Zeitgleich mit dem Verstellen der Schieber ändern sich in der unteren Hälfte der Seite die angezeigten Musikstücke , die mit Titel , Interpret und Genre zu sehen sind .
Man kann kurze Ausschnitte der so zustande gekommenen Tracks anhören , und wenn man einen ansprechenden Titel gefunden hat , werden mit einem Klick auf " More " weitere aus einer ähnlichen Einstufung angezeigt .
Die Vor -Auswahl über das Mischpult ist mit einer Suchworteingabe und mit einer Filterung nach Genre kombinierbar , und seine passende Regler - Einstellung kann man mit einer Bookmark - Funktion abspeichern .
Die Zuordnung der vordefinierten Merkmale zu einem bestimmten Titel beruht auf Daten , die von Freiwilligen erstellt werden .
Auf einer separaten Website kann man sich als sogenannter Profiler bewerben , der Einstiegstest umfasst die fachgerechte Bearbeitung von zehn Titeln .
Als Gegenleistung für die regelmäßige Tätigkeit können akzeptierte Profiler die in dem Online - Shop Finetunes verfügbaren Titel komplett anhören und nicht nur angespielt bekommen .
Klicken war gestern
Inzwischen sind zwei Drittel der Bundesbürger im Netz unterwegs , viele davon mit langen Jahren Web - Erfahrung , sodass die Ansprüche an die gebotenen Inhalte mittlerweile gestiegen sind .
Zielloses Herumklicken und passives Aufnehmen von Informationen , wie wir sie durch die Zeitungs - und Magazinlektüre trainiert lange Zeit praktiziert haben , scheint jedenfalls vielen Usern nicht mehr zu genügen .
Ob die hier beschriebenen Projekte den gern geäußerten Vorwurf bestätigen , Web 2.0 sei eigentlich nur ein beschönigender Ausdruck für das Verfahren , die Surfer die Inhalte selbst erstellen zu lassen , um sie ihnen dann mit Werbung garniert wieder vorsetzen zu können , das muss jeder Nutzer selbst entscheiden .
Ebenso vielgestaltig wie die genannten Anwendungen sind die dahinter steckenden Geschäftsmodelle .
Während sich Yigg ausdrücklich als nichtkommerzielle Entwicklung versteht , ist bei Lycos IQ in der Zukunft das Schalten von Werbetexten geplant , und OpenBC setzt auf zahlende Mitglieder .
In diesem Artikel nicht zum Zuge gekommen sind Angebote , die auf Telepolis schon behandelt wurden , wie Wikipedia und Google Mail , oder Projekte wie reliwa.de , die noch zu neu sind , um schon beurteilt zu werden .
( Ulrich Wolf )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A new survey by WorldPublicOpinion.org reveals the depth of Iraqi antipathy towards the contiued American presence in their country .
Now a solid majority of all Iraqis , including once pro-U.S. Baghdad Shias , say they want us out of there in a year :
Eight out of ten Shias in Baghdad ( 80 % ) say they want foreign forces to leave within a year ( 72 % of Shias in the rest of the country ) , according to a poll conducted by World Public Opinion in September .
None of the Shias polled in Baghdad want U.S. - led troops to be reduced only “ as the security situation improves , ” a sharp decline from January , when 57 percent of the Shias polled by WPO in the capital city preferred an open - ended U.S presence .
This brings Baghdad Shias in line with the rest of the country .
Seven out of ten Iraqis overall — including both the Shia majority ( 74 % ) and the Sunni minority ( 91 % ) — say they want the United States to leave within a year .
One statistical difference worth noting : Baghdad Shias , unlike most other Iraqis , do not favor disarming sectarian militias even though 59 % say a U.S. withdrawal will lead to more interethnic violence .
That ’s not just a sign of how bad things are in the capital but also an ominous hint of the power struggle to come .
But while the U.S. may be providing a temporary buffer , that does n’t mean it ’s seen as the good guy who simply needs to holster his gun and ride into the sunset .
Nearly 60 % of all Shias say they support attacks on American - led troops .
And 100 % of Baghdad Sunnis and 91 % of Sunnis elsewhere say they approve of attacks on U.S. - led forces .
Judge orders lawyers to play game
Acrimonious attorneys told to settle dispute by playing a round of ' rock , paper , scissors . '
NEW YORK ( FORTUNE ) -
Faced with the inability of two bickering attorneys to resolve even the most innocuous scheduling questions without his intervention , a Florida federal judge yesterday ordered the two to meet on the steps of the federal courthouse and resolve their latest quarrel by playing " one ( 1 ) game of ' rock , paper , scissors . ' " ( Read the ruling . )
Judge Gregory A. Presnell of Orlando ordered the unusual measure , which he characterized as " a new form of alternative dispute resolution , " after the two Tampa attorneys had proven unable to agree upon where to hold a deposition , even though both of their offices are just four floors away in the very same building in Tampa .
Defense attorney D. Lee Craig , of Butler Pappas Weihmuller Katz Craig , proposed holding the deposition in his office , but plaintiffs ' attorney David J. Pettinato of Merlin Law Group wanted it to take place at the court reporter 's office down the street .
The Solomonic ruling comes in an insurance dispute filed last September by Avista Management against Wausau Underwriters Insurance Co .
Characterizing the disagreement as " the latest in a series of Gordian knots that the parties have been unable to untangle without enlisting the assistance of the federal courts , " Judge Presnell ordered each attorney , " accompanied by one paralegal who shall act as an attendant and witness , " to play the dispositive round of RPS on June 30 .
" The winner of this engagement shall be entitled to select the location of the . . . deposition , " he ruled , so long as it was within Hillsborough County .
In an interview , plaintiff 's lawyer Pettinato says , " I 'm going to comply with the court 's order to the letter . "
Defense lawyer Craig did not respond to a phone message , while Judge Presnell , 63 , who was appointed to the bench by President Bill Clinton in 2000 , declined comment .
...
Background
Ever since the introduction of the Ethernet standard , hubs , routers , and switches people have had to connect them with cables .
Ethernet cables come in various categories ( which describe the physical characteristics of the cable , and thereby define the speed at which data can travel through them ) .
Ethernet cables also come in two main types : straight - through and crossover .
This has been the bane of many a home - networker or LAN - gamer .
You see , when Ethernet transfers data , it transmits on two lines , and receives on two other lines .
Basically , network card ( NIC ) “ A ” will send its data to NIC “ B ” on one pair of cables , but NIC “ B ” will listen for that data on another pair , because it ’s sending its data back to NIC “ A ” on the same pair that NIC “ A ” is using …
In otherwords , all NICs send data on the same pair of wires , and receive data on the same pair of wires , thus , you ’d have both NICs talking , but neither NIC listening ( which wo n’t work ) .
To address this seemingly simple problem , one NIC ’s sending wires have to be “ switched ” to another NIC ’s receiving wires , and vice versa .
Hubs and Switches do this for us today .
But what about those of us that still connect a computer directly to another computer ( or a gaming console directly to another gaming console ) ?
For those applications the switching has to be done physically INSIDE the cable .
This , for logical reasons , is called a “ crossover cable . ”
Crossover cables have other uses in larger deployments , for example , in a larger network setup , a particular router ( or similar network appliance ) may REQUIRE a crossover cable connecting to it from a bridge ( aka “ modem ” for those of you who insist on using incorrect and outdated terminolgy — Qwest , Comcast , SBC , etc. ) , similarly , a switch connected to said router may ALSO require a crossover cable to connect to each other .
Luckily for home users most consumer - grade networking appliances ( switches , routers , etc. ) are “ autoswitching , ” which means it will detect if you ’re using a straight - through cable , and automatically switch the pairs internally .
Pretty cool , right ?
Well , yes and no .
Yes , it ’s cool that networking appliances can auto - switch , but the one thing that ’s lacking is the NIC : if you want to use two computers / consoles directly connected together , you still have to use a crossover cable ( and to connect a computer / console to your network , you still have to use a straight - through cable ) .
So what ’s one to do ?
Lucky for all of us , we have standards to help us along our way !
More background : Ethernet comes in different speeds ( which have slightly different cable requirements ) , including 10 Mbps , 100 Mbps , and “ Gigabit . ”
Here ’s where it gets good
While the 10 and 100 Mbps speeds are certainly fast enough for most home networks , Gigabit Ethernet has its disadvantages ( CAT5e / CAT6 cable is more expensive , appliances and NICs are more expensive , people have to know what “ Giga ” means , etc. ) , but it has advantages , too ( it ’s faster , and NO MORE CROSSOVER CABLES ! ) .
Yes , you read that right !
With a standards - compliant Gigabit Ethernet deployment , you no longer need crossover cables — the switching is part of the specification .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Telegram
More
Reddit
Tumblr
Pocket
Print
Skype
QR Code Link to This Post
No , really , Thank You !
You have no idea what a nightmare you have just saved me and my kids from .
To reward you for your services I am offering you my husband for keeps .
Should you accept your prize please note the following rules .
1 .
You are going to have to financially support him .
I say this because we have 2 children together ( but you knew that ) which means that he will have to give up a sizeable chunk of his pay to support them in the manner they deserve .
Please keep in mind that since he has kept me a stay at home Mom for the better part of the last 11 years he will also be paying me alimony .
So forget about his money honey ..... cause it 's mine !
2 .
You will have to provide him with new attire .
You see after he stepped from our ( now mine ) shower this morning dripping wet and naked is when I discovered your little " love bites " .
It just so happened that at that EXACT moment a giant black hole appeared in my home and devoured almost all of his clothing .
Therefore he will come to you almost naked ( lucky you ) .
The bright side is that you can dress him any way you want .
Go nuts and buy him a leash and some vinyl attire or a cute little dress while your at it .3 .
You will have to give him up every other weekend .
This time will be set aside for his visits with his children .
Since he openly admitted ( in front of several people ) that you are just " some dumb drunk bitch " that he met at a " tweakers " house you will be banned from these visits for fear of my children ’s safety .
Just so you know , that is also going to be the reason to have his visits limited ( if not supervised ) .
After all WTF was HE doing at a " tweakers " house in the first place ?
4 .
You will not be having a proper sex life .
Yes , I know that you did n't fuck him last night .
Since his back injury 4 years ago his penis has n't worked right .
Too bad for you because before that it was THE BEST SEX EVER and we fucked all the time !
however , now he 'll most likely disappoint you with his half hard member that only works with a little blue pill .
Please do n't let that fool you .
The little blue pill means that he comes within 2 minutes .... hardly enough time for you and 98 % of the time he will just be too embarrassed to even try .
Stock up on your batteries and / or multiple sex partners !
By the way , No it CANNOT be fixed .
It 's nerve damage sweetie , deal with it !
5 .
You will NOT return him to me .
I will NOT have him .
He fucked up when he touched you !
I was a good wife to him and he had a good thing going on here .
Do n't be surprised if you do n't live up to me because you wont and he will make you miserable for it !
6 .
He will blame you for ALL of this .
He told me , with tears in his eyes , that you giggled to him " I hope your wife sees that " .
I do n't know if you said it or not .
I do n't really care .
However , just in case you did , your wish came true .
I did see it , and he 's pissed .
He 's so mad that you made that comment that when I punched him in the eye he apologized to me !
Yes , I know violence is wrong and to be honest I 've never hit anyone before .
However , I am not sorry that I did and if I could have that moment back I would have simply aimed lower !
7 .
This one is n't really a rule , more like a friendly warning .
I will make sure to take up as much of his time with the most petty shit I can find to spite you .
I will make it my hobby to hurt him and you the same amount my kids are hurting right now .
Please be aware that he will take it , he will eat my shit for years with a smile .
I was with him for 12 years , I know him better .
Yes , I do feel completely justified in my actions .
Just in case you were wondering .
So Thank you , Jennifer the dumb drunk bitch from the tweakers house who left bite marks on my husband chest last night , for showing me that 11 years and 2 children were no match for you !
I applaud you on a man well won .
HE'S ALL YOURS YOU FUCKING WHORE !
Classics in the History of Psychology An internet resource developed by
Christopher D. Green
York University , Toronto , Ontario
ISSN 1492 -3713
( Return to Classics index )
A Theory of Human Motivation
A. H. Maslow ( 1943 ) Originally Published in Psychological Review , 50 , 370-396 .
Posted August 2000
[ p. 370 ] I. INTRODUCTION
In a previous paper ( 13 ) various propositions were presented which would have to be included in any theory of human motivation that could lay claim to being definitive .
These conclusions may be briefly summarized as follows :
1 . The integrated wholeness of the organism must be one of the foundation stones of motivation theory .
2 . The hunger drive ( or any other physiological drive ) was rejected as a centering point or model for a definitive theory of motivation .
Any drive that is somatically based and localizable was shown to be atypical rather than typical in human motivation .
3 . Such a theory should stress and center itself upon ultimate or basic goals rather than partial or superficial ones , upon ends rather than means to these ends .
Such a stress would imply a more central place for unconscious than for conscious motivations .
4 . There are usually available various cultural paths to the same goal .
Therefore conscious , specific , local - cultural desires are not as fundamental in motivation theory as the more basic , unconscious goals .
5 . Any motivated behavior , either preparatory or consummatory , must be understood to be a channel through which many basic needs may be simultaneously expressed or satisfied .
Typically an act has more than one motivation .
6 . Practically all organismic states are to be understood as motivated and as motivating .
7 . Human needs arrange themselves in hierarchies of pre-potency .
That is to say , the appearance of one need usually rests on the prior satisfaction of another , more pre-potent need .
Man is a perpetually wanting animal .
Also no need or drive can be treated as if it were isolated or discrete ; every drive is related to the state of satisfaction or dissatisfaction of other drives .
8 . Lists of drives will get us nowhere for various theoretical and practical reasons .
Furthermore any classification of motivations [ p. 371 ] must deal with the problem of levels of specificity or generalization the motives to be classified .
9 . Classifications of motivations must be based upon goals rather than upon instigating drives or motivated behavior .
10 .
Motivation theory should be human - centered rather than animal - centered .
11 .
The situation or the field in which the organism reacts must be taken into account but the field alone can rarely serve as an exclusive explanation for behavior .
Furthermore the field itself must be interpreted in terms of the organism .
Field theory cannot be a substitute for motivation theory .
12 . Not only the integration of the organism must be taken into account , but also the possibility of isolated , specific , partial or segmental reactions .
It has since become necessary to add to these another affirmation .
13 . Motivation theory is not synonymous with behavior theory .
The motivations are only one class of determinants of behavior .
While behavior is almost always motivated , it is also almost always biologically , culturally and situationally determined as well .
It is far easier to perceive and to criticize the aspects in motivation theory than to remedy them .
Mostly this is because of the very serious lack of sound data in this area .
I conceive this lack of sound facts to be due primarily to the absence of a valid theory of motivation .
The present theory then must be considered to be a suggested program or framework for future research and must stand or fall , not so much on facts available or evidence presented , as upon researches to be done , researches suggested perhaps , by the questions raised in this paper .
[ p. 372 ]
II .
THE BASIC NEEDS
The ' physiological ' needs . --
The needs that are usually taken as the starting point for motivation theory are the so - called physiological drives .
Two recent lines of research make it necessary to revise our customary notions about these needs , first , the development of the concept of homeostasis , and second , the finding that appetites ( preferential choices among foods ) are a fairly efficient indication of actual needs or lacks in the body .
Homeostasis refers to the body 's automatic efforts to maintain a constant , normal state of the blood stream .
Cannon ( 2 ) has described this process for ( 1 ) the water content of the blood , ( 2 ) salt content , ( 3 ) sugar content , ( 4 ) protein content , ( 5 ) fat content , ( 6 ) calcium content , ( 7 ) oxygen content , ( 8 ) constant hydrogen - ion level ( acid - base balance ) and ( 9 ) constant temperature of the blood .
Obviously this list can be extended to include other minerals , the hormones , vitamins , etc .
Young in a recent article ( 21 ) has summarized the work on appetite in its relation to body needs .
If the body lacks some chemical , the individual will tend to develop a specific appetite or partial hunger for that food element .
Thus it seems impossible as well as useless to make any list of fundamental physiological needs for they can come to almost any number one might wish , depending on the degree of specificity of description .
We can not identify all physiological needs as homeostatic .
That sexual desire , sleepiness , sheer activity and maternal behavior in animals , are homeostatic , has not yet been demonstrated .
Furthermore , this list would not include the various sensory pleasures ( tastes , smells , tickling , stroking ) which are probably physiological and which may become the goals of motivated behavior .
In a previous paper ( 13 ) it has been pointed out that these physiological drives or needs are to be considered unusual rather than typical because they are isolable , and because they are localizable somatically .
That is to say , they are relatively independent of each other , of other motivations [ p. 373 ] and of the organism as a whole , and secondly , in many cases , it is possible to demonstrate a localized , underlying somatic base for the drive .
This is true less generally than has been thought ( exceptions are fatigue , sleepiness , maternal responses ) but it is still true in the classic instances of hunger , sex , and thirst .
It should be pointed out again that any of the physiological needs and the consummatory behavior involved with them serve as channels for all sorts of other needs as well .
That is to say , the person who thinks he is hungry may actually be seeking more for comfort , or dependence , than for vitamins or proteins .
Conversely , it is possible to satisfy the hunger need in part by other activities such as drinking water or smoking cigarettes .
In other words , relatively isolable as these physiological needs are , they are not completely so .
Undoubtedly these physiological needs are the most pre-potent of all needs .
What this means specifically is , that in the human being who is missing everything in life in an extreme fashion , it is most likely that the major motivation would be the physiological needs rather than any others .
A person who is lacking food , safety , love , and esteem would most probably hunger for food more strongly than for anything else .
If all the needs are unsatisfied , and the organism is then dominated by the physiological needs , all other needs may become simply non-existent or be pushed into the background .
It is then fair to characterize the whole organism by saying simply that it is hungry , for consciousness is almost completely preempted by hunger .
All capacities are put into the service of hunger - satisfaction , and the organization of these capacities is almost entirely determined by the one purpose of satisfying hunger .
The receptors and effectors , the intelligence , memory , habits , all may now be defined simply as hunger - gratifying tools .
Capacities that are not useful for this purpose lie dormant , or are pushed into the background .
The urge to write poetry , the desire to acquire an automobile , the interest in American history , the desire for a new pair of shoes are , in the extreme case , forgotten or become of sec - [ p.374 ] ondary importance .
For the man who is extremely and dangerously hungry , no other interests exist but food .
He dreams food , he remembers food , he thinks about food , he emotes only about food , he perceives only food and he wants only food .
The more subtle determinants that ordinarily fuse with the physiological drives in organizing even feeding , drinking or sexual behavior , may now be so completely overwhelmed as to allow us to speak at this time ( but only at this time ) of pure hunger drive and behavior , with the one unqualified aim of relief .
Another peculiar characteristic of the human organism when it is dominated by a certain need is that the whole philosophy of the future tends also to change .
For our chronically and extremely hungry man , Utopia can be defined very simply as a place where there is plenty of food .
He tends to think that , if only he is guaranteed food for the rest of his life , he will be perfectly happy and will never want anything more .
Life itself tends to be defined in terms of eating .
Anything else will be defined as unimportant .
Freedom , love , community feeling , respect , philosophy , may all be waved aside as fripperies which are useless since they fail to fill the stomach .
Such a man may fairly be said to live by bread alone .
It cannot possibly be denied that such things are true but their generality can be denied .
Emergency conditions are , almost by definition , rare in the normally functioning peaceful society .
That this truism can be forgotten is due mainly to two reasons .
First , rats have few motivations other than physiological ones , and since so much of the research upon motivation has been made with these animals , it is easy to carry the rat - picture over to the human being .
Secondly , it is too often not realized that culture itself is an adaptive tool , one of whose main functions is to make the physiological emergencies come less and less often .
In most of the known societies , chronic extreme hunger of the emergency type is rare , rather than common .
In any case , this is still true in the United States .
The average American citizen is experiencing appetite rather than hunger when he says " I am [ p. 375 ] hungry . "
He is apt to experience sheer life - and - death hunger only by accident and then only a few times through his entire life .
Obviously a good way to obscure the ' higher ' motivations , and to get a lopsided view of human capacities and human nature , is to make the organism extremely and chronically hungry or thirsty .
Anyone who attempts to make an emergency picture into a typical one , and who will measure all of man 's goals and desires by his behavior during extreme physiological deprivation is certainly being blind to many things .
It is quite true that man lives by bread alone -- when there is no bread .
But what happens to man 's desires when there is plenty of bread and when his belly is chronically filled ?
At once other ( and ' higher ' ) needs emerge and these , rather than physiological hungers , dominate the organism .
And when these in turn are satisfied , again new ( and still ' higher ' ) needs emerge and so on .
This is what we mean by saying that the basic human needs are organized into a hierarchy of relative prepotency .
One main implication of this phrasing is that gratification becomes as important a concept as deprivation in motivation theory , for it releases the organism from the domination of a relatively more physiological need , permitting thereby the emergence of other more social goals .
The physiological needs , along with their partial goals , when chronically gratified cease to exist as active determinants or organizers of behavior .
They now exist only in a potential fashion in the sense that they may emerge again to dominate the organism if they are thwarted .
But a want that is satisfied is no longer a want .
The organism is dominated and its behavior organized only by unsatisfied needs .
If hunger is satisfied , it becomes unimportant in the current dynamics of the individual .
This statement is somewhat qualified by a hypothesis to be discussed more fully later , namely that it is precisely those individuals in whom a certain need has always been satisfied who are best equipped to tolerate deprivation of that need in the future , and that furthermore , those who have been de - [ p.
376 ] prived in the past will react differently to current satisfactions than the one who has never been deprived .
The safety needs . --
If the physiological needs are relatively well gratified , there then emerges a new set of needs , which we may categorize roughly as the safety needs .
All that has been said of the physiological needs is equally true , although in lesser degree , of these desires .
The organism may equally well be wholly dominated by them .
They may serve as the almost exclusive organizers of behavior , recruiting all the capacities of the organism in their service , and we may then fairly describe the whole organism as a safety - seeking mechanism .
Again we may say of the receptors , the effectors , of the intellect and the other capacities that they are primarily safety - seeking tools .
Again , as in the hungry man , we find that the dominating goal is a strong determinant not only of his current world - outlook and philosophy but also of his philosophy of the future .
Practically everything looks less important than safety , ( even sometimes the physiological needs which being satisfied , are now underestimated ) .
A man , in this state , if it is extreme enough and chronic enough , may be characterized as living almost for safety alone .
Although in this paper we are interested primarily in the needs of the adult , we can approach an understanding of his safety needs perhaps more efficiently by observation of infants and children , in whom these needs are much more simple and obvious .
One reason for the clearer appearance of the threat or danger reaction in infants , is that they do not inhibit this reaction at all , whereas adults in our society have been taught to inhibit it at all costs .
Thus even when adults do feel their safety to be threatened we may not be able to see this on the surface .
Infants will react in a total fashion and as if they were endangered , if they are disturbed or dropped suddenly , startled by loud noises , flashing light , or other unusual sensory stimulation , by rough handling , by general loss of support in the mother 's arms , or by inadequate support . [ 1 ] [ p. 377 ]
In infants we can also see a much more direct reaction to bodily illnesses of various kinds .
Sometimes these illnesses seem to be immediately and per se threatening and seem to make the child feel unsafe .
For instance , vomiting , colic or other sharp pains seem to make the child look at the whole world in a different way .
At such a moment of pain , it may be postulated that , for the child , the appearance of the whole world suddenly changes from sunniness to darkness , so to speak , and becomes a place in which anything at all might happen , in which previously stable things have suddenly become unstable .
Thus a child who because of some bad food is taken ill may , for a day or two , develop fear , nightmares , and a need for protection and reassurance never seen in him before his illness .
Another indication of the child 's need for safety is his preference for some kind of undisrupted routine or rhythm .
He seems to want a predictable , orderly world .
For instance , injustice , unfairness , or inconsistency in the parents seems to make a child feel anxious and unsafe .
This attitude may be not so much because of the injustice per se or any particular pains involved , but rather because this treatment threatens to make the world look unreliable , or unsafe , or unpredictable .
Young children seem to thrive better under a system which has at least a skeletal outline of rigidity ,
In which there is a schedule of a kind , some sort of routine , something that can be counted upon , not only for the present but also far into the future .
Perhaps one could express this more accurately by saying that the child needs an organized world rather than an unorganized or unstructured one .
The central role of the parents and the normal family setup are indisputable .
Quarreling , physical assault , separation , divorce or death within the family may be particularly terrifying .
Also parental outbursts of rage or threats of punishment directed to the child , calling him names , speaking to him harshly , shaking him , handling him roughly , or actual [ p. 378 ] physical punishment sometimes elicit such total panic and terror in the child that we must assume more is involved than the physical pain alone .
While it is true that in some children this terror may represent also a fear of loss of parental love , it can also occur in completely rejected children , who seem to cling to the hating parents more for sheer safety and protection than because of hope of love .
Confronting the average child with new , unfamiliar , strange , unmanageable stimuli or situations will too frequently elicit the danger or terror reaction , as for example , getting lost or even being separated from the parents for a short time , being confronted with new faces , new situations or new tasks , the sight of strange , unfamiliar or uncontrollable objects , illness or death .
Particularly at such times , the child 's frantic clinging to his parents is eloquent testimony to their role as protectors ( quite apart from their roles as food - givers and love - givers ) .
From these and similar observations , we may generalize and say that the average child in our society generally prefers a safe , orderly , predictable , organized world , which he can count , on , and in which unexpected , unmanageable or other dangerous things do not happen , and in which , in any case , he has all - powerful parents who protect and shield him from harm .
That these reactions may so easily be observed in children is in a way a proof of the fact that children in our society , feel too unsafe ( or , in a word , are badly brought up ) .
Children who are reared in an unthreatening , loving family do not ordinarily react as we have described above ( 17 ) .
In such children the danger reactions are apt to come mostly to objects or situations that adults too would consider dangerous . [ 2 ]
The healthy , normal , fortunate adult in our culture is largely satisfied in his safety needs .
The peaceful , smoothly [ p. 379 ] running , ' good ' society ordinarily makes its members feel safe enough from wild animals , extremes of temperature , criminals , assault and murder , tyranny , etc .
Therefore , in a very real sense , he no longer has any safety needs as active motivators .
Just as a sated man no longer feels hungry , a safe man no longer feels endangered .
If we wish to see these needs directly and clearly we must turn to neurotic or near - neurotic individuals , and to the economic and social underdogs .
In between these extremes , we can perceive the expressions of safety needs only in such phenomena as , for instance , the common preference for a job with tenure and protection , the desire for a savings account , and for insurance of various kinds ( medical , dental , unemployment , disability , old age ) .
Other broader aspects of the attempt to seek safety and stability in the world are seen in the very common preference for familiar rather than unfamiliar things , or for the known rather than the unknown .
The tendency to have some religion or world - philosophy that organizes the universe and the men in it into some sort of satisfactorily coherent , meaningful whole is also in part motivated by safety - seeking .
Here too we may list science and philosophy in general as partially motivated by the safety needs ( we shall see later that there are also other motivations to scientific , philosophical or religious endeavor ) .
Otherwise the need for safety is seen as an active and dominant mobilizer of the organism 's resources only in emergencies , e. g. , war , disease , natural catastrophes , crime waves , societal disorganization , neurosis , brain injury , chronically bad situation .
Some neurotic adults in our society are , in many ways , like the unsafe child in their desire for safety , although in the former it takes on a somewhat special appearance .
Their reaction is often to unknown , psychological dangers in a world that is perceived to be hostile , overwhelming and threatening .
Such a person behaves as if a great catastrophe were almost always impending , i.e. , he is usually responding as if to an emergency .
His safety needs often find specific [ p. 380 ] expression in a search for a protector , or a stronger person on whom he may depend , or perhaps , a Fuehrer .
The neurotic individual may be described in a slightly different way with some usefulness as a grown - up person who retains his childish attitudes toward the world .
That is to say , a neurotic adult may be said to behave ' as if ' he were actually afraid of a spanking , or of his mother 's disapproval , or of being abandoned by his parents , or having his food taken away from him .
It is as if his childish attitudes of fear and threat reaction to a dangerous world had gone underground , and untouched by the growing up and learning processes , were now ready to be called out by any stimulus that would make a child feel endangered and threatened . [ 3 ]
The neurosis in which the search for safety takes its dearest form is in the compulsive - obsessive neurosis .
Compulsive - obsessives try frantically to order and stabilize the world so that no unmanageable , unexpected or unfamiliar dangers will ever appear ( 14 ) ;
They hedge themselves about with all sorts of ceremonials , rules and formulas so that every possible contingency may be provided for and so that no new contingencies may appear .
They are much like the brain injured cases , described by Goldstein ( 6 ) , who manage to maintain their equilibrium by avoiding everything unfamiliar and strange and by ordering their restricted world in such a neat , disciplined , orderly fashion that everything in the world can be counted upon .
They try to arrange the world so that anything unexpected ( dangers ) cannot possibly occur .
If , through no fault of their own , something unexpected does occur , they go into a panic reaction as if this unexpected occurrence constituted a grave danger .
What we can see only as a none - too - strong preference in the healthy person , e. g. , preference for the familiar , becomes a life - and - death .
necessity in abnormal cases .
The love needs . --
If both the physiological and the safety needs are fairly well gratified , then there will emerge the love and affection and belongingness needs , and the whole cycle [ p. 381 ] already described will repeat itself with this new center .
Now the person will feel keenly , as never before , the absence of friends , or a sweetheart , or a wife , or children .
He will hunger for affectionate relations with people in general , namely , for a place in his group , and he will strive with great intensity to achieve this goal .
He will want to attain such a place more than anything else in the world and may even forget that once , when he was hungry , he sneered at love .
In our society the thwarting of these needs is the most commonly found core in cases of maladjustment and more severe psychopathology .
Love and affection , as well as their possible expression in sexuality , are generally looked upon with ambivalence and are customarily hedged about with many restrictions and inhibitions .
Practically all theorists of psychopathology have stressed thwarting of the love needs as basic in the picture of maladjustment .
Many clinical studies have therefore been made of this need and we know more about it perhaps than any of the other needs except the physiological ones ( 14 ) .
One thing that must be stressed at this point is that love is not synonymous with sex .
Sex may be studied as a purely physiological need .
Ordinarily sexual behavior is multi- determined , that is to say , determined not only by sexual but also by other needs , chief among which are the love and affection needs .
Also not to be overlooked is the fact that the love needs involve both giving and receiving love . [ 4 ]
The esteem needs . --
All people in our society ( with a few pathological exceptions ) have a need or desire for a stable , firmly based , ( usually ) high evaluation of themselves , for self - respect , or self - esteem , and for the esteem of others .
By firmly based self - esteem , we mean that which is soundly based upon real capacity , achievement and respect from others .
These needs may be classified into two subsidiary sets .
These are , first , the desire for strength , for achievement , for adequacy , for confidence in the face of the world , and for independence and freedom . [ 5 ]
Secondly , we have what [ p. 382 ] we may call the desire for reputation or prestige ( defining it as respect or esteem from other people ) , recognition , attention , importance or appreciation . [ 6 ]
These needs have been relatively stressed by Alfred Adler and his followers , and have been relatively neglected by Freud and the psychoanalysts .
More and more today however there is appearing widespread appreciation of their central importance .
Satisfaction of the self - esteem need leads to feelings of self - confidence , worth , strength , capability and adequacy of being useful and necessary in the world .
But thwarting of these needs produces feelings of inferiority , of weakness and of helplessness .
These feelings in turn give rise to either basic discouragement or else compensatory or neurotic trends .
An appreciation of the necessity of basic self - confidence and an understanding of how helpless people are without it , can be easily gained from a study of severe traumatic neurosis ( 8 ) . [ 7 ]
The need for self - actualization . --
Even if all these needs are satisfied , we may still often ( if not always ) expect that a new discontent and restlessness will soon develop , unless the individual is doing what he is fitted for .
A musician must make music , an artist must paint , a poet must write , if he is to be ultimately happy .
What a man can be , he must be .
This need we may call self - actualization .
This term , first coined by Kurt Goldstein , is being used in this paper in a much more specific and limited fashion .
It refers to the desire for self - fulfillment , namely , to the tendency for him to become actualized in what he is potentially .
This tendency might be phrased as the desire to become more and more what one is , to become everything that one is capable of becoming .
[ p. 383 ]
The specific form that these needs will take will of course vary greatly from person to person .
In one individual it may take the form of the desire to be an ideal mother , in another it may be expressed athletically , and in still another it may be expressed in painting pictures or in inventions .
It is not necessarily a creative urge although in people who have any capacities for creation it will take this form .
The clear emergence of these needs rests upon prior satisfaction of the physiological , safety , love and esteem needs .
We shall call people who are satisfied in these needs , basically satisfied people , and it is from these that we may expect the fullest ( and healthiest ) creativeness .
[ 8 ]
Since , in our society , basically satisfied people are the exception , we do not know much about self - actualization , either experimentally or clinically .
It remains a challenging problem for research .
The preconditions for the basic need satisfactions . --
There are certain conditions which are immediate prerequisites for the basic need satisfactions .
Danger to these is reacted to almost as if it were a direct danger to the basic needs themselves .
Such conditions as freedom to speak , freedom to do what one wishes so long as no harm is done to others , freedom to express one 's self , freedom to investigate and seek for information , freedom to defend one 's self , justice , fairness , honesty , orderliness in the group are examples of such preconditions for basic need satisfactions .
Thwarting in these freedoms will be reacted to with a threat or emergency response .
These conditions are not ends in themselves but they are almost so since they are so closely related to the basic needs , which are apparently the only ends in themselves .
These conditions are defended because without them the basic satisfactions are quite impossible , or at least , very severely endangered .
[ p. 384 ]
If we remember that the cognitive capacities ( perceptual , intellectual , learning ) are a set of adjustive tools , which have , among other functions , that of satisfaction of our basic needs , then it is clear that any danger to them , any deprivation or blocking of their free use , must also be indirectly threatening to the basic needs themselves .
Such a statement is a partial solution of the general problems of curiosity , the search for knowledge , truth and wisdom , and the ever - persistent urge to solve the cosmic mysteries .
We must therefore introduce another hypothesis and speak of degrees of closeness to the basic needs , for we have already pointed out that any conscious desires ( partial goals ) are more or less important as they are more or less close to the basic needs .
The same statement may be made for various behavior acts .
An act is psychologically important if it contributes directly to satisfaction of basic needs .
The less directly it so contributes , or the weaker this contribution is , the less important this act must be conceived to be from the point of view of dynamic psychology .
A similar statement may be made for the various defense or coping mechanisms .
Some are very directly related to the protection or attainment of the basic needs , others are only weakly and distantly related .
Indeed if we wished , we could speak of more basic and less basic defense mechanisms , and then affirm that danger to the more basic defenses is more threatening than danger to less basic defenses ( always remembering that this is so only because of their relationship to the basic needs ) .
The desires to know and to understand . --
So far , we have mentioned the cognitive needs only in passing .
Acquiring knowledge and systematizing the universe have been considered as , in part , techniques for the achievement of basic safety in the world , or , for the intelligent man , expressions of self - actualization .
Also freedom of inquiry and expression have been discussed as preconditions of satisfactions of the basic needs .
True though these formulations may be , they do not constitute definitive answers to the question as to the motivation role of curiosity , learning , philosophizing , experimenting , etc .
They are , at best , no more than partial answers .
[ p. 385 ]
This question is especially difficult because we know so little about the facts .
Curiosity , exploration , desire for the facts , desire to know may certainly be observed easily enough .
The fact that they often are pursued even at great cost to the individual 's safety is an earnest of the partial character of our previous discussion .
In addition , the writer must admit that , though he has sufficient clinical evidence to postulate the desire to know as a very strong drive in intelligent people , no data are available for unintelligent people .
It may then be largely a function of relatively high intelligence .
Rather tentatively , then , and largely in the hope of stimulating discussion and research , we shall postulate a basic desire to know , to be aware of reality , to get the facts , to satisfy curiosity , or as Wertheimer phrases it , to see rather than to be blind .
This postulation , however , is not enough .
Even after we know , we are impelled to know more and more minutely and microscopically on the one hand , and on the other , more and more extensively in the direction of a world philosophy , religion , etc .
The facts that we acquire , if they are isolated or atomistic , inevitably get theorized about , and either analyzed or organized or both .
This process has been phrased by some as the search for ' meaning . '
We shall then postulate a desire to understand , to systematize , to organize , to analyze , to look for relations and meanings .
Once these desires are accepted for discussion , we see that they too form themselves into a small hierarchy in which the desire to know is prepotent over the desire to understand .
All the characteristics of a hierarchy of prepotency that we have described above , seem to hold for this one as well .
We must guard ourselves against the too easy tendency to separate these desires from the basic needs we have discussed above , i.e. , to make a sharp dichotomy between ' cognitive ' and ' conative ' needs .
The desire to know and to understand are themselves conative , i.e. , have a striving character , and are as much personality needs as the ' basic needs ' we have already discussed ( 19 ) .
[ p. 386 ]
III .
FURTHER CHARACTERISTICS
OF THE BASIC NEEDS
The degree of fixity of the hierarchy of basic needs . --
We have spoken so far as if this hierarchy were a fixed order but actually it is not nearly as rigid as we may have implied .
It is true that most of the people with whom we have worked have seemed to have these basic needs in about the order that has been indicated .
However , there have been a number of exceptions .
(1) There are some people in whom , for instance , self - esteem seems to be more important than love .
This most common reversal in the hierarchy is usually due to the development of the notion that the person who is most likely to be loved is a strong or powerful person , one who inspires respect or fear , and who is self confident or aggressive .
Therefore such people who lack love and seek it , may try hard to put on a front of aggressive , confident behavior .
But essentially they seek high self - esteem and its behavior expressions more as a means - to - an - end than for its own sake ; they seek self - assertion for the sake of love rather than for self - esteem itself .
(2) There are other , apparently innately creative people in whom the drive to creativeness seems to be more important than any other counter - determinant .
Their creativeness might appear not as self - actualization released by basic satisfaction , but in spite of lack of basic satisfaction .
(3) In certain people the level of aspiration may be permanently deadened or lowered .
That is to say , the less pre-potent goals may simply be lost , and may disappear forever , so that the person who has experienced life at a very low level , i. e. , chronic unemployment , may continue to be satisfied for the rest of his life if only he can get enough food .
(4) The so - called ' psychopathic personality ' is another example of permanent loss of the love needs .
These are people who , according to the best data available ( 9 ) , have been starved for love in the earliest months of their lives and have simply lost forever the desire and the ability to give and to receive affection ( as animals lose sucking or pecking reflexes that are not exercised soon enough after birth ) .
[ p. 387 ]
(5) Another cause of reversal of the hierarchy is that when a need has been satisfied for a long time , this need may be underevaluated .
People who have never experienced chronic hunger are apt to underestimate its effects and to look upon food as a rather unimportant thing .
If they are dominated by a higher need , this higher need will seem to be the most important of all .
It then becomes possible , and indeed does actually happen , that they may , for the sake of this higher need , put themselves into the position of being deprived in a more basic need .
We may expect that after a long - time deprivation of the more basic need there will be a tendency to reevaluate both needs so that the more pre-potent need will actually become consciously prepotent for the individual who may have given it up very lightly .
Thus , a man who has given up his job rather than lose his self - respect , and who then starves for six months or so , may be willing to take his job back even at the price of losing his a self - respect .
(6) Another partial explanation of apparent reversals is seen in the fact that we have been talking about the hierarchy of prepotency in terms of consciously felt wants or desires rather than of behavior .
Looking at behavior itself may give us the wrong impression .
What we have claimed is that the person will want the more basic of two needs when deprived in both .
There is no necessary implication here that he will act upon his desires .
Let us say again that there are many determinants of behavior other than the needs and desires .
(7) Perhaps more important than all these exceptions are the ones that involve ideals , high social standards , high values and the like .
With such values people become martyrs ; they give up everything for the sake of a particular ideal , or value .
These people may be understood , at least in part , by reference to one basic concept ( or hypothesis ) which may be called ' increased frustration - tolerance through early gratification ' .
People who have been satisfied in their basic needs throughout their lives , particularly in their earlier years , seem to develop exceptional power to withstand present or future thwarting of these needs simply because they have strong , [ p. 388 ] healthy character structure as a result of basic satisfaction .
They are the ' strong ' people who can easily weather disagreement or opposition , who can swim against the stream of public opinion and who can stand up for the truth at great personal cost .
It is just the ones who have loved and been well loved , and who have had many deep friendships who can hold out against hatred , rejection or persecution .
I say all this in spite of the fact that there is a certain amount of sheer habituation which is also involved in any full discussion of frustration tolerance .
For instance , it is likely that those persons who have been accustomed to relative starvation for a long time , are partially enabled thereby to withstand food deprivation .
What sort of balance must be made between these two tendencies , of habituation on the one hand , and of past satisfaction breeding present frustration tolerance on the other hand , remains to be worked out by further research .
Meanwhile we may assume that they are both operative , side by side , since they do not contradict each other , In respect to this phenomenon of increased frustration tolerance , it seems probable that the most important gratifications come in the first two years of life .
That is to say , people who have been made secure and strong in the earliest years , tend to remain secure and strong thereafter in the face of whatever threatens .
Degree of relative satisfaction . --
So far , our theoretical discussion may have given the impression that these five sets of needs are somehow in a step - wise , all - or - none relationships to each other .
We have spoken in such terms as the following : " If one need is satisfied , then another emerges . "
This statement might give the false impression that a need must be satisfied 100 per cent before the next need emerges .
In actual fact , most members of our society who are normal , are partially satisfied in all their basic needs and partially unsatisfied in all their basic needs at the same time .
A more realistic description of the hierarchy would be in terms of decreasing percentages of satisfaction as we go up the hierarchy of prepotency , For instance , if I may assign arbitrary figures for the sake of illustration , it is as if the average citizen [ p. 389 ] is satisfied perhaps 85 per cent in his physiological needs , 70 per cent in his safety needs , 50 per cent in his love needs , 40 per cent in his self - esteem needs , and 10 per cent in his self - actualization needs .
As for the concept of emergence of a new need after satisfaction of the prepotent need , this emergence is not a sudden , saltatory phenomenon but rather a gradual emergence by slow degrees from nothingness .
For instance , if prepotent need A is satisfied only 10 per cent : then need B may not be visible at all .
However , as this need A becomes satisfied 25 per cent , need B may emerge 5 per cent , as need A becomes satisfied 75 per cent need B may emerge go per cent , and so on .
Unconscious character of needs . --
These needs are neither necessarily conscious nor unconscious .
On the whole , however , in the average person , they are more often unconscious rather than conscious .
It is not necessary at this point to overhaul the tremendous mass of evidence which indicates the crucial importance of unconscious motivation .
It would by now be expected , on a priori grounds alone , that unconscious motivations would on the whole be rather more important than the conscious motivations .
What we have called the basic needs are very often largely unconscious although they may , with suitable techniques , and with sophisticated people become conscious .
Cultural specificity and generality of needs .
--
This classification of basic needs makes some attempt to take account of the relative unity behind the superficial differences in specific desires from one culture to another .
Certainly in any particular culture an individual 's conscious motivational content will usually be extremely different from the conscious motivational content of an individual in another society .
However , it is the common experience of anthropologists that people , even in different societies , are much more alike than we would think from our first contact with them , and that as we know them better we seem to find more and more of this commonness ,
We then recognize the most startling differences to be superficial rather than basic , e. g. , differences in style of hair - dress , clothes , tastes in food , etc .
Our classification of basic [ p. 390 ] needs is in part an attempt to account for this unity behind the apparent diversity from culture to culture .
No claim is made that it is ultimate or universal for all cultures .
The claim is made only that it is relatively more ultimate , more universal , more basic , than the superficial conscious desires from culture to culture , and makes a somewhat closer approach to common - human characteristics , Basic needs are more common - human than superficial desires or behaviors .
Multiple motivations of behavior . --
These needs must be understood not to be exclusive or single determiners of certain kinds of behavior .
An example may be found in any behavior that seems to be physiologically motivated , such as eating , or sexual play or the like .
The clinical psychologists have long since found that any behavior may be a channel through which flow various determinants .
Or to say it in another way , most behavior is multi-motivated .
Within the sphere of motivational determinants any behavior tends to be determined by several or all of the basic needs simultaneously rather than by only one of them .
The latter would be more an exception than the former .
Eating may be partially for the sake of filling the stomach , and partially for the sake of comfort and amelioration of other needs .
One may make love not only for pure sexual release , but also to convince one 's self of one 's masculinity , or to make a conquest , to feel powerful , or to win more basic affection .
As an illustration , I may point out that it would be possible ( theoretically if not practically ) to analyze a single act of an individual and see in it the expression of his physiological needs , his safety needs , his love needs , his esteem needs and self - actualization .
This contrasts sharply with the more naive brand of trait psychology in which one trait or one motive accounts for a certain kind of act , i. e. , an aggressive act is traced solely to a trait of aggressiveness .
Multiple determinants of behavior . --
Not all behavior is determined by the basic needs .
We might even say that not all behavior is motivated .
There are many determinants of behavior other than motives . [ 9 ]
For instance , one other im - [ p. 391 ] portant class of determinants is the so - called ' field ' determinants .
Theoretically , at least , behavior may be determined completely by the field , or even by specific isolated external stimuli , as in association of ideas , or certain conditioned reflexes .
If in response to the stimulus word ' table ' I immediately perceive a memory image of a table , this response certainly has nothing to do with my basic needs .
Secondly , we may call attention again to the concept of ' degree of closeness to the basic needs ' or ' degree of motivation . '
Some behavior is highly motivated , other behavior is only weakly motivated .
Some is not motivated at all ( but all behavior is determined ) .
Another important point [ 10 ] is that there is a basic difference between expressive behavior and coping behavior ( functional striving , purposive goal seeking ) .
An expressive behavior does not try to do anything ; it is simply a reflection of the personality .
A stupid man behaves stupidly , not because he wants to , or tries to , or is motivated to , but simply because he is what he is .
The same is true when I speak in a bass voice rather than tenor or soprano .
The random movements of a healthy child , the smile on the face of a happy man even when he is alone , the springiness of the healthy man 's walk , and the erectness of his carriage are other examples of expressive , non-functional behavior .
Also the style in which a man carries out almost all his behavior , motivated as well as unmotivated , is often expressive .
We may then ask , is all behavior expressive or reflective of the character structure ?
The answer is ' No . '
Rote , habitual , automatized , or conventional behavior may or may not be expressive .
The same is true for most ' stimulus - bound ' behaviors .
It is finally necessary to stress that expressiveness of behavior , and goal - directedness of behavior are not mutually exclusive categories .
Average behavior is usually both .
Goals as centering principle in motivation theory .
--
It will be observed that the basic principle in our classification has [ p. 392 ] been neither the instigation nor the motivated behavior but rather the functions , effects , purposes , or goals of the behavior .
It has been proven sufficiently by various people that this is the most suitable point for centering in any motivation theory . [ 11 ]
Animal - and human - centering . --
This theory starts with the human being rather than any lower and presumably ' simpler ' animal .
Too many of the findings that have been made in animals have been proven to be true for animals but not for the human being .
There is no reason whatsoever why we should start with animals in order to study human motivation .
The logic or rather illogic behind this general fallacy of ' pseudo - simplicity ' has been exposed often enough by philosophers and logicians as well as by scientists in each of the various fields .
It is no more necessary to study animals before one can study man than it is to study mathematics before one can study geology or psychology or biology .
We may also reject the old , naive , behaviorism which assumed that it was somehow necessary , or at least more ' scientific ' to judge human beings by animal standards .
One consequence of this belief was that the whole notion of purpose and goal was excluded from motivational psychology simply because one could not ask a white rat about his purposes .
Tolman ( 18 ) has long since proven in animal studies themselves that this exclusion was not necessary .
Motivation and the theory of psychopathogenesis . --
The conscious motivational content of everyday life has , according to the foregoing , been conceived to be relatively important or unimportant accordingly as it is more or less closely related to the basic goals .
A desire for an ice cream cone might actually be an indirect expression of a desire for love .
If it is , then this desire for the ice cream cone becomes extremely important motivation .
If however the ice cream is simply something to cool the mouth with , or a casual appetitive reaction , then the desire is relatively unimportant .
Everyday conscious desires are to be regarded as symptoms , as [ p. 393 ] surface indicators of more basic needs .
If we were to take these superficial desires at their face value me would find ourselves in a state of complete confusion which could never be resolved , since we would be dealing seriously with symptoms rather than with what lay behind the symptoms .
Thwarting of unimportant desires produces no psychopathological results ; thwarting of a basically important need does produce such results .
Any theory of psychopathogenesis must then be based on a sound theory of motivation .
A conflict or a frustration is not necessarily pathogenic .
It becomes so only when it threatens or thwarts the basic needs , or partial needs that are closely related to the basic needs ( 10 ) .
The role of gratified needs . --
It has been pointed out above several times that our needs usually emerge only when more prepotent needs have been gratified .
Thus gratification has an important role in motivation theory .
Apart from this , however , needs cease to play an active determining or organizing role as soon as they are gratified .
What this means is that , e. g. , a basically satisfied person no longer has the needs for esteem , love , safety , etc .
The only sense in which he might be said to have them is in the almost metaphysical sense that a sated man has hunger , or a filled bottle has emptiness .
If we are interested in what actually motivates us , and not in what has , will , or might motivate us , then a satisfied need is not a motivator .
It must be considered for all practical purposes simply not to exist , to have disappeared .
This point should be emphasized because it has been either overlooked or contradicted in every theory of motivation I know . [ 12 ]
The perfectly healthy , normal , fortunate man has no sex needs or hunger needs , or needs for safety , or for love , or for prestige , or self - esteem , except in stray moments of quickly passing threat .
If we were to say otherwise , we should also have to aver that every man had all the pathological reflexes , e. g. , Babinski , etc. , because if his nervous system were damaged , these would appear .
It is such considerations as these that suggest the bold [ p. 394 ] postulation that a man who is thwarted in any of his basic needs may fairly be envisaged simply as a sick man .
This is a fair parallel to our designation as ' sick ' of the man who lacks vitamins or minerals .
Who is to say that a lack of love is less important than a lack of vitamins ?
Since we know the pathogenic effects of love starvation , who is to say that we are invoking value - questions in an unscientific or illegitimate way , any more than the physician does who diagnoses and treats pellagra or scurvy ?
If I were permitted this usage , I should then say simply that a healthy man is primarily motivated by his needs to develop and actualize his fullest potentialities and capacities .
If a man has any other basic needs in any active , chronic sense , then he is simply an unhealthy man .
He is as surely sick as if he had suddenly developed a strong salt - hunger or calcium hunger . [ 13 ]
If this statement seems unusual or paradoxical the reader may be assured that this is only one among many such paradoxes that will appear as we revise our ways of looking at man 's deeper motivations .
When we ask what man wants of life , we deal with his very essence .
IV .
SUMMARY
(1) There are at least five sets of goals , which we may call basic needs .
These are briefly physiological , safety , love , 'esteem , and self - actualization .
In addition , we are motivated by the desire to achieve or maintain the various conditions upon which these basic satisfactions rest and by certain more intellectual desires .
(2) These basic goals are related to each other , being arranged in a hierarchy of prepotency .
This means that the most prepotent goal will monopolize consciousness and will tend of itself to organize the recruitment of the various capacities of the organism .
The less prepotent needs are [ p. 395 ] minimized , even forgotten or denied .
But when a need is fairly well satisfied , the next prepotent ( ' higher ' ) need emerges , in turn to dominate the conscious life and to serve as the center of organization of behavior , since gratified needs are not active motivators .
Thus man is a perpetually wanting animal .
Ordinarily the satisfaction of these wants is not altogether mutually exclusive , but only tends to be .
The average member of our society is most often partially satisfied and partially unsatisfied in all of his wants .
The hierarchy principle is usually empirically observed in terms of increasing percentages of non-satisfaction as we go up the hierarchy .
Reversals of the average order of the hierarchy are sometimes observed .
Also it has been observed that an individual may permanently lose the higher wants in the hierarchy under special conditions .
There are not only ordinarily multiple motivations for usual behavior , but in addition many determinants other than motives .
(3) Any thwarting or possibility of thwarting of these basic human goals , or danger to the defenses which protect them , or to the conditions upon which they rest , is considered to be a psychological threat .
With a few exceptions , all psychopathology may be partially traced to such threats .
A basically thwarted man may actually be defined as a ' sick ' man , if we wish .
(4) It is such basic threats which bring about the general emergency reactions .
(5) Certain other basic problems have not been dealt with because of limitations of space .
Among these are ( a ) the problem of values in any definitive motivation theory , ( b ) the relation between appetites , desires , needs and what is ' good ' for the organism , ( c ) the etiology of the basic needs and their possible derivation in early childhood , ( d ) redefinition of motivational concepts , i. e. , drive , desire , wish , need , goal , ( e ) implication of our theory for hedonistic theory , ( f ) the nature of the uncompleted act , of success and failure , and of aspiration - level , ( g ) the role of association , habit and conditioning , ( h ) relation to the [ p. 396 ] theory of inter-personal relations , ( i ) implications for psychotherapy , ( j ) implication for theory of society , ( k ) the theory of selfishness , ( l ) the relation between needs and cultural patterns , ( m ) the relation between this theory and Alport 's theory of functional autonomy .
These as well as certain other less important questions must be considered as motivation theory attempts to become definitive .
Notes
[ 1 ]
As the child grows up , sheer knowledge and familiarity as well as better motor development make these ' dangers ' less and less dangerous and more and more manageable .
Throughout life it may be said that one of the main conative functions of education is this neutralizing of apparent dangers through knowledge , e. g. , I am not afraid of thunder because I know something about it .
[ 2 ] A ' test battery ' for safety might be confronting the child with a small exploding firecracker , or with a bewhiskered face ; having the mother leave the room , putting him upon a high ladder , a hypodermic injection , having a mouse crawl up to him , etc .
Of course I cannot seriously recommend the deliberate use of such ' tests ' for they might very well harm the child being tested .
But these and similar situations come up by the score in the child 's ordinary day - to - day living and may be observed .
There is no reason why those stimuli should not be used with , far example , young chimpanzees .
[ 3 ]
Not all neurotic individuals feel unsafe .
Neurosis may have at its core a thwarting of the affection and esteem needs in a person who is generally safe .
[ 4 ]
For further details see ( 12 ) and ( 16 , Chap . 5 ) .
[ 5 ]
Whether or not this particular desire is universal we do not know .
The crucial question , especially important today , is " Will men who are enslaved and dominated inevitably feel dissatisfied and rebellious ? "
We may assume on the basis of commonly known clinical data that a man who has known true freedom ( not paid for by giving up safety and security but rather built on the basis of adequate safety and security ) will not willingly or easily allow his freedom to be taken away from him .
But we do not know that this is true for the person born into slavery .
The events of the next decade should give us our answer .
See discussion of this problem in ( 5 ) .
[ 6 ]
Perhaps the desire for prestige and respect from others is subsidiary to the desire for self - esteem or confidence in oneself .
Observation of children seems to indicate that this is so , but clinical data give no clear support for such a conclusion .
[ 7 ]
For more extensive discussion of normal self - esteem , as well as for reports of various researches , see ( 11 ) .
[ 8 ]
Clearly creative behavior , like painting , is like any other behavior in having multiple , determinants .
It may be seen in ' innately creative ' people whether they are satisfied or not , happy or unhappy , hungry or sated .
Also it is clear that creative activity may be compensatory , ameliorative or purely economic .
It is my impression ( as yet unconfirmed ) that it is possible to distinguish the artistic and intellectual products of basically satisfied people from those of basically unsatisfied people by inspection alone .
In any case , here too we must distinguish , in a dynamic fashion , the overt behavior itself from its various motivations or purposes .
[ 9 ]
I am aware that many psychologists md psychoanalysts use the term ' motivated ' and ' determined ' synonymously , e. g. , Freud .
But I consider this an obfuscating usage .
Sharp distinctions are necessary for clarity of thought , and precision in experimentation .
[ 10 ]
To be discussed fully in a subsequent publication .
[ 11 ]
The interested reader is referred to the very excellent discussion of this point in Murray 's Explorations in Personality ( 15 ) .
[ 12 ]
Note that acceptance of this theory necessitates basic revision of the Freudian theory .
[ 13 ]
If we were to use the word ' sick ' in this way , we should then also have to face squarely the relations of man to his society .
One clear implication of our definition would be that ( 1 ) since a man is to be called sick who is basically thwarted , and ( 2 ) since such basic thwarting is made possible ultimately only by forces outside the individual , then ( 3 ) sickness in the individual must come ultimately from sickness in the society .
The ' good ' or healthy society would then be defined as one that permitted man 's highest purposes to emerge by satisfying all his prepotent basic needs .
References
1. ADLER , A. Social interest .
London : Faber & Faber , 1938 .
2. CANNON , W. B. Wisdom of the body .
New York : Norton , 1932 .
3. FREUD , A . The ego and the mechanisms of defense .
London : Hogarth , 1937 .
4. FREUD , S. New introductory lectures on psychoanalysis .
New York : Norton , 1933 .
5. FROMM , E. Escape from freedom .
New York : Farrar and Rinehart , 1941 .
6. GOLDSTEIN , K . The organism .
New York : American Book Co. , 1939 .
7. HORNEY , K .
The neurotic personality of our time .
New York : Norton , 1937 .
8. KARDINER , A . The traumatic neuroses of war .
New York : Hoeber , 1941 .
9. LEVY , D. M. Primary affect hunger .
Amer. J. Psychiat. , 1937 , 94 , 643-652 .
10 . MASLOW , A. H. Conflict , frustration , and the theory of threat .
J. abnorm . ( soc. ) Psychol. , 1943 , 38 , 81 -86 .
11 . ----------.
Dominance , personality and social behavior in women .
J. soc. Psychol. , 1939 , 10 , 3-39 .
12 . ----------.
The dynamics of psychological security - insecurity .
Character & Pers. , 1942 , 10 , 331-344 .
13 . ----------.
A preface to motivation theory .
Psychosomatic Med. , 1943 , 5 , 85 -92 .
14 . ----------. & MITTLEMANN , B. Principles of abnormal psychology .
New York : Harper & Bros. , 1941 .
15 . MURRAY , H. A. , et al .
Explorations in Personality .
New York : Oxford University Press , 1938 .
16 . PLANT , J. Personality and the cultural pattern .
New York : Commonwealth Fund , 1937 .
17 . SHIRLEY , M. Children 's adjustments to a strange situation .
J. abrnorm . ( soc. ) Psychol. , 1942 , 37 , 201-217 .
18 . TOLMAN , E. C. Purposive behavior in animals and men .
New York : Century , 1932 .
19 . WERTHEIMER , M. Unpublished lectures at the New School for Social Research .
20 . YOUNG , P. T. Motivation of behavior .
New York : John Wiley & Sons , 1936 .
21 . ----------.
The experimental analysis of appetite .
Psychol .
Bull. , 1941 , 38 , 129-164 .
The chess duel Man vs Machine , Vladimir Kramnik vs Deep Fritz is being staged from November 25 until December 5th .
It is sponsored by the RAG AG , one of Europe 's largest energy companies .
The venue is the National Art Gallery in Bonn , Germany .
Schedule :
Game 1 : Saturday 25.11.2006 15:00 h Game 2 : Monday 27.11.2006 15:00 h Game 3 : Wednesday 29.11.2006 15:00 h Game 4 : Friday 01.12.2006 15:00 h Game 5 : Sunday 03.12.2006 15:00 h Game 6 : Tuesday 05.12.2006 15:00 h
There will be full live coverage on the Playchess server , as well as on the official site and a number of partner sites .
Game two
Kramnik played the unusual 3..b5 in the Queen 's Gambit Accepted , an ancient move that is listed in the databases as being played against Greco in 1620 !
It made its modern reentry as a surprise prepared against Garry Kasparov in a simultaneous exhibition back in 1993 .
His friend GM Max Dlugy was brought in all the way from the US to captain the Bankers Trust team at the London simul and he brought 3..b5 with him ( although eventually Kasparov won the game ) .
Fritz operator Mathias Feist ready to face the world champion
The Fritz screen at the start of the second game
Kramnik 's second Carsten Hensel makes sure he has coffee and water
The greeting in the blue light of the giant board projection
As it did today , it typically transposes into a known line of the Slav , but it 's still a rare bird and one no doubt especially prepared by Kramnik , who raced through the opening and beyond , barely pausing think at all until move 17 , when he had already reached a comfortable position with black .
With no way to prevent the freeing move .. c5 , Fritz found a curious plan of relocating its queen to the kingside .
The maneuver 18 .
Qe2 - h5 created some tactical threats with Bxh6 but Kramnik kept things under control .
He simply chopped off the white bishop on e3 and looked forward to excellent winning chances in the endgame with his 2 vs 1 pawn advantage on the queenside .
The game is under way ...
... and the photographers have five minutes to take pictures with a flash
After that the players are left to play in peace on the stage
A view of the playing hall , with the players on the stage and the arbiter on the left
High up in the balcony the annotators speak their live commentary
Yasser Seirawan 's English language commentary is streamed for the Internet audience
After smoothly gaining the advantage Kramnik continued to play quickly , perhaps a little too quickly .
On move 33 he captured on c1 , apparently believing that Black was winning easily after 33 .. Bxc1 34 . Nxf8 Qe3 .
Since that move contains a fatal flaw , 33 .. Re8 should have been played .
Black 's queenside pawns would still give him chances .
Instead , Kramnik played one of the most unbelievable blunders ever seen at this level of chess , allowing mate in one with a half and hour still on his clock .
The win was already gone by this point , Fritz having several ways to play for a perpetual check draw by repetition after 34 .. Kg8 35 .Ng6 .
White will check with the queen next and then repeat with the knight .
Still , that would have been a much more equitable way to end the game .
Deep Fritz 10 - Kramnik , V ( 2750 ) [ D10 ]
Man vs Machine Bonn , Germany ( 2 ) , 27.11.2006
1.d4 d5 2.c4 dxc4 3.e4 b5 4.a4 c6 5.Nc3 b4 6.Na2 Nf6 7.e5 Nd5 8.Bxc4 e6 9.Nf3 a5 10 .Bg5 Qb6 11.Nc1 Ba6 12.Qe2 h6 13 .Be3 Bxc4 14 .Qxc4 Nd7 15 .Nb3 Be7 16.Rc1 0-0 17.0-0 Rfc8 18.Qe2 c5 19 . Nfd2 Qc6 20 .Qh5 Qxa4 21.Nxc5 Nxc5 22.dxc5 Nxe3 23.fxe3 Bxc5 24 . Qxf7 + Kh8 25 .Qf3 Rf8 26 .Qe4 Qd7 27.Nb3 Bb6 28.Rfd1 Qf7 29.Rf1 Qa7 30 .
Rxf8 + Rxf8 31 . Nd4 a4 32 . Nxe6 Bxe3 + 33.Kh1 Bxc1 34 . Nxf8 . Now 34 ... Kg8 35 .Ng6 Bxb2 36 .Qd5 + Kh7 37.Nf8 + Kh8 38.Ng6 + is the forced draw .
But Kramnik played 34 ... Qe3 ??
35 .Qh7# 1 - 0 . [ Click to replay ]
Kramnik played the move 34 ... Qe3 calmly , stood up , picked up his cup and was about to leave the stage to go to his rest room .
At least one audio commentator also noticed nothing , while Fritz operator Mathias Feist kept glancing from the board to the screen and back , hardly able to believe that he had input the correct move .
Fritz was displaying mate in one , and when Mathias executed it on the board Kramnik briefly grasped his forehead , took a seat to sign the score sheet and left for the press conference , which he dutifully attended .
Kramnik relaxed , confident and " still in book " at move 15
The swiveling world champion who has pulled the computer into his prepared line
Deep Fritz , which expected 33 ... Re8 with advantage for Black , registers Kramnik 's 33 ... BxRc1
Kramnik waiting for Fritz to play the only move , 34.NxRf8 ...
Fritz intends to play the move and sees a forced draw .
The above is a shot of the live computer screen , and shows that Fritz was running at 9.462 million positions per second and had searched to a depth of 18 ply ( plus 53 ply selective ) in 28 seconds .
Fritz captures the rook and is displaying the draw
Kramnik contemplates the position for a few minutes .
Then he played 34 ... Qe3 ???
To his horror Fritz replies with 35 .
Qh7 mate .
Kramnik has left , and Mathias Feist still can't believe what has happened
Links
Reading : Barabasi , Linked : The New Science of Networks
Albert - Laszlo Barabasi , Linked : The New Science of Networks ( Perseus , 2002 )
Comprehensive and thought - provoking , Barabasi provides a rich yet readable source for the non-mathematician seeking to understand and apply the emerging science of self - organizing , scale - free networks .
A Professor of Physics and director of the Study of Self - Organized Networks at Notre Dame , Barabasi reviews and brings together 250 years of research that has deep significance for fields as diverse as quantum physics , molecular biology , digital security , global economics and counter - terrorism .
Understanding the science may be a critical skill for those involved with the law and regulation of any complex system .
His history of the science starts in 18th century Russia and leads to Random Graph Theory in the 1950's and the studies of " small world " and clustering effects in the sixties and seventies .
The Internet and the Web provided an ideal test bed for the study of " hubs " and " power law " effects in what are now called " scale - free " networks .
He examines the " fit - get - rich " effect and the conditions in which a network may lead to a " winner - take - all " outcome .
He then warns of the Achilles Heel of scale - free networks : the innate characteristics that make them robust and resistant to random failure makes them vulnerable to targeted attacks and subject to " cascading failure , " such as in electrical blackouts .
He shows the scale - free networks in biological processes and how the science contributes to the fight against AIDS and cancer , and touches on the potential studies in economic networks .
He closes with cautions about the scale - free nature of terrorist networks such as Al - Queda .
Read more below ...
Random Graph
Theory .
Barbarasi begins with a history of Random Graph Theory , beginning with Leonhard Euler in 18th century Russia , and continuing with the research of Paul Erdos and Alfred Renyi in the 20th century .
Erdos and Renyi documented clustering effects that are observed and described by various names in various disciplines : the emergence of a giant component ( math ) ; percolation and phase transition ( physics ) ; the formation of a community ( sociology ) .
Six Degrees of Separation and Small Worlds .
In the 1960's and 1970's , experiments by scholars including Stanley Milgram , Mark Granoveter , Duncan J. Watts , Steven Strogatz and Barabasi demonstrated a that a variety of clustering and " small world " effects could be found and quantified in all highly connected real networks , effects not explainable by Random Graph Theory .
Those effects have been found in social networks , neural paths , the World Wide Web , the physical connections of the Internet , ownership of companies , food webs and cell biology .
These studies demonstrated that huge networks do not need lots of random links ; just a few long - range links between clusters enable small world features .
Hubs and Connectors .
Malcolm Gladwell , in " The Tipping Point , " addressed the pivotal role of " connectors " in the sudden and dramatic spread of viruses , the success of fashion breakthroughs and other events characterized by a sudden transition to explosive spread .
Throughout the world of scale - free networks , those connectors are found as hubs .
Recent studies of the architecture of the World Wide Web showed it to be dominated by a few very highly connected nodes , hub Websites with many links that hold together large clusters and many unpopular and seldom - noticed nodes .
Even though hubs cannot be explained by the models used by Erdos / Renyi and Watts / Strogatz , they turn out to be ubiquitous in most complex networks that scientists have studied so far .
The 80/20 Rule .
The economist Vilfredo Pareto observed the principle commonly known as the " 80/20 Rule , " described mathematically by a " power law " distribution in a chart or histogram of values .
Unlike the familiar " bell curve " characteristic of charts of random events , the power law distribution has no peak but is a curve in which a few large events coexist with many small events .
The number of links in a small fraction of the nodes is " off the scale " of the large majority of nodes ; such networks are called " scale - free " .
In 1999 , Barabasi 's team found that these power law curves are consistently found in numerous large networks .
Barabasi : " power laws are at the heart of some of the most stunning conceptual advances in the second half of the twentieth century , emerging in fields like chaos , fractals and phase transitions .
Spotting them in networks signaled unsuspcted links to other natural phenomenon , and placed networks at the forefront of our understanding of complex systems in general . "
Barabasi , op cit pp. 72-73 .
Power laws are found at the molecular level , where the physical world is marked by " phase transitions " from states of disorder to order , such as when water freezes .
Barabasi : " Nature normally hates power laws .
In ordinary systems all quantities follow bell curves , and correlations decay rapidly , obeying exponential laws .
But all that changes if the system is forced to undergo a phase transition .
Then power laws emerge -- nature 's unmistakable sign that chaos is departing in favor of order . "
Id. p. 77 .
The Rich Get Richer .
Studies of the evolution of system structures showed that hubs result from the combination of system growth and " preferential attachment " to existing nodes in a " scale - free model " described in 1999 .
Improvements in the model sought to include other phenomenon such as the appearance of internal links between established nodes , node disappearance and the rewiring of links due to aging or retirement of nodes .
Einstein's Legacy .
The explosive success of " new kid on the block " Google could not be explained by the scale - free model until a measure of a node 's ability to stay in front of the competition produced a " fitness model . "
Examining the fitness model data , Ginestra Bianconi was startled to find that the calculations used were very similar to those found in the formation of a Bose - Einstein condensate .
The math describing the behavior of " Bose gases " ( a unique creature of sub-atomic quantum mechanics ) turned out to be identical to those in the network fitness model .
This similarity means , according to Barabasi , that in certain circumstances , particularly fit nodes in a network did not merely get richer ... the winner could take all .
In an ordinary " fit - get - rich " network , the fittest node gets biggest , but other fit nodes are close behind , so that " the power laws and the fight for links are not antagonistic but can coexist peacefully . "
Id. 102 . In a " winner - takes - all " system , the fittest node grabs all the links , shaping the network into a " star " or " hub and spoke " topology which is not scale free ... there is a single hub and many tiny nodes .
These findings have obvious relevancy to those studying antitrust law and policy and the ongoing case of Microsoft .
Achilles Heel .
Natural systems exhibit robustness , the ability to survive under a wide range of conditions , because of their interconnectivity and scale - free topology .
Experiments on a model of the Internet showed that one could remove the majority , even 80 % , of the nodes and the rest would hold together as long as the small minority of hubs survived .
Even though they are robust in the face of failure due to random events or errors , scale - free networks have an Achilles heel : they are vulnerable to simultaneous targeted attacks on the largest hubs .
Following the 1996 Western power blackout , Duncan Watts published a study of fads and " cascading failures " in systems such as electrical power grids .
Cascading failures are not unique to electrical networks .
They have been observed in many complex systems , including the economy ( the East Asian monetary crisis of 1997 ) , in ecological systems , in cellular biological systems , and following the September 11 terror attacks .
Watts ' investigations resulted in a model he used to study such phenomenon , and found that such cascades do not occur instantaneously ; failures may go unnoticed for a long time before starting a landslide .
Such phenomena invite study from many disciplines .
Viruses and Fads .
The spread of viruses and fads are examples of what is called diffusion in a complex network , with a calculable " spreading rate . "
They will die out unless that rate exceeds a critical " epidemic threshold . "
Random Graph
Theory could not explain the persistence of certain computer viruses or the explosive spread of AIDS .
When a scale - free model including highly linked hubs was used , researchers found that the epidemic threshold vanished .
Thus , network science can explain the sudden explosion of the AIDS epidemic , a relatively hard - to - catch disease , due to one " hub " ... an infected and extremely promiscuous flight attendant known as " Patient Zero . "
The Awakening Internet .
The Internet ( on which the World Wide Web runs ) has grown more like an evolving ecosystem than a manufactured machine .
In 1999 , three Greek computer scientist brothers , found that the connectivity distribution of Internet routers followed a power law , demonstrating it to be a scale - free network , subject to the same vulnerabilities and robustness found in other such networks .
The Fragmented Web .
Unlike the Internet infrastructure , the Web is a " directed " network ; its many links each point only one way , shaping its topology into the form of a " bow tie " with four " continents , " one being an archipelago of disconnected islands .
It turns out that these same four continents are found in all " directed " networks and are predictable analytically .
This topology , and its consequences for the navigability of the Web become relevant in legal and regulatory actions , such as the French court 's order in 2000 that Yahoo must block French residents from navigating to neo -Nazi websites .
Despite Lessig 's assertions that code can enforce such legal directives , Barabasi maintains that the topology and navigability of the Web is a function of collective human actions using the code .
The architecture of a scale - free , directed network represents a higher level of organization than the underlying code .
As long as individuals decide to what nodes to link , the inherent topology ( and navigability ) survives , says Barabasi .
The Map of Life .
The genome has been sequenced , but the behavior of a living system is more than its molecular components .
Within each cell there is a metabolic network , a web of biochemical reactions that researchers are now mapping , revealing scale - free network topologies exhibiting " small world " properties .
Understanding cellular networks advances the cause of understanding and stopping cancer , Parkinsons , AIDS and other diseases .
Barabasi sees this as the most promising near - term payoff from network research .
Network Economy .
The traditional tree - shaped corporate structure , suited to mass production , is poorly suited to deal with rapid innovation and market change .
The challenge of competing in such environments led to industries like pharmaceuticals and technology developing scale - free networks of alliances and outsourcers .
For years , economists spoke of a standard formal model of economics , in which companies interact not with each other but with " the market , " a theoretical entity mediating economic transactions .
Barabasi : " In reality , the market is nothing but a directed network .
The weight of the links captures the value of the transaction , and the direction points from the provider to the receiver .
The structure and evolution of this weighted and directed network determine the outcome of all macro economic processes . "
Id. pp. 208-209 .
Barabasi quotes Walter W. Powell 's book " Neither Market Nor Hierarchy : Network Forms of Organization : " " in markets the standard strategy is to drive the hardest possible bargain in the immediate exchange .
In networks , the preferred option is often creating indebtedness and reliance over the long haul . "
Id. p. 209 .
As a scale - free network , the economy is subject to the same vulnerabilities as are power grids and the Internet .
Failures can cascade through the whole economy , as did the 1997 financial crisis that began in Thailand and cascaded across the Pacific , resulting in the stock market crash of October 27 , 1997 .
Barabasi asserts that this is a natural consequence of network interconnectedness and interdependency and invites economic and network research in this field .
Footnotes point to many such studies , and to the network economics websites of Leigh Tesfatsion and Nicholas Economides .
Web Without a Spider .
Chance and randomness still play a role in the development of scale - free networks .
But it is a web without a spider in the center ; there is no single controller or node whose removal will break the web .
The tragedy of September 11 , 2001 is a dramatic example .
Al Queda did not spring to life suddenly ; it evolved over a period of years " into a self - organized spiderless web in which a hierarchy of hubs kept the organization together . "
Id. p. 222 . Valdis Krebs has mapped the interconnections of the 19 highjackers and the 15 individuals connected to them based on publicly disclosed contacts .
The resulting topology shows the characteristics of a self - organized , scale - free network .
The developing science of such networks may provide us the clues to controlling it .
Barabasi : " Network thinking is poised to invade all domains of human activity and most fields of human inquiry .
It is more than another useful perspective or tool .
Networks are by their very nature the fabric of most complex systems , and nodes and links deeply infuse all strategies aimed at approaching our interlocked universe . "
Id. p. 222 .
Albert - Laszlo Barabasi , Linked : The New Science of Networks ( Perseus , 2002 )
DougSimpson.com/blog
By Richard Black
Environment Correspondent , BBC News website
Gas bubbles trapped in ice store valuable climatic information
That is the conclusion of new European studies looking at ice taken from 3 km below the surface of Antarctica .
The scientists say their research shows present day warming to be exceptional .
Other research , also published in the journal Science , suggests that sea levels may be rising twice as fast now as in previous centuries .
Treasure dome
The evidence on atmospheric concentrations comes from an Antarctic region called Dome Concordia ( Dome C ) .
Epica drills have extracted ice from 3 km under the Antarctic surface
Gas bubbles trapped as the ice formed yield important evidence of the mixture of gases present in the atmosphere at that time , and of temperature .
" One of the most important things is we can put current levels of carbon dioxide and methane into a long - term context , " said project leader Thomas Stocker from the University of Bern , Switzerland .
" We find that CO2 is about 30 % higher than at any time , and methane 130 % higher than at any time ; and the rates of increase are absolutely exceptional : for CO2 , 200 times faster than at any time in the last 650,000 years . "
Stable relationship
Last year , the Epica team released its first data .
The latest two papers analyse gas composition and temperature dating back 650,000 years .
This extends the picture drawn by another Antarctic ice core taken near Lake Vostok which looked 440,000 years into the past .
The extra data is crucial because around 420,000 years there appears to have been a significant shift in the Earth 's long - term climate patterns .
Before and after this date , the planet went through 100,000 year cycles of alternating cold glacial and warm interglacial periods .
The base at Dome Concordia
The Dome C core gives data from six cycles of glaciation and warming ; two from before this change , four from after .
" We found a very tight relationship between CO2 and temperature even before 420,000 years , " said Professor Stocker .
" The fact that the relationship holds across the transition between climatic regimes is a very strong indication of the important role of CO2 in climate regulation . "
Epica scientists will now try to extend their analysis further back in time .
Water rise
Another study reported in the same journal claims that for the last 150 years , sea levels have been rising twice as fast as in previous centuries .
Using data from tidal gauges and reviewing findings from many previous studies , US researchers have constructed a new sea level record covering the last 100 million years .
They calculate the present rate of rise at 2 mm per year .
" The main thing that 's changed since the 19th Century and the beginning of modern observation has been the widespread increase in fossil fuel use and more greenhouse gases , " said Kenneth Miller from Rutgers University .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the body which collates scientific evidence for policymakers , concludes that sea level rose by 1 - 2 mm per year over the last century , and will rise by a total of anything up to 88 cm during the course of this century .
Australia 's citizen database was routinely searched for personal reasons by government agency employees , some of whom have been sacked .
Police are now investigating allegations of identity fraud resulting from the security breaches .
There were 790 security breaches at government agency Centrelink involving 600 staff .
Staff were found to have inappropriately accessed databases containing citizens ' information .
The databases are used to administer social security , pension and unemployment benefits .
Prime Minister John Howard is said to be considering a proposal which would use this database for a new national identity card which is under consideration .
In total 19 Centrelink employees have been sacked and 92 others have resigned .
Police are conducting investigations into five employees , they said .
The man charged with protecting citizens ' privacy in relation to the project said that the government must do more to prevent this kind of security breach when so much vital information is gathered in one place .
" The Centrelink revelations are deeply disturbing , ” Professor Allan Fels told Australian ABC radio .
“ I take some comfort from the fact that the government has caught them and punished them , but there is still a huge weight now on the government to provide full , proper legal and technical protection of privacy with the access card . ”
The police have confirmed that investigations are ongoing after five referrals were made to it from Centrelink .
At least one of the cases is believed to involve allegations of the establishment of fake identities to be used to receive payments .
The investigation took two years and involved the use of sophisticated spying equipment .
Union officials said that staff had repeatedly been warned about the inappropriate accessing of records .
" Customer records should only be accessed for business reasons and we do not tolerate staff surfing the details of family and friends or peeking at records of neighbours , " said Centrelink chief executive Jeff Whalan .
" As a result we revamped our techniques to assist us to keep improper conduct in check , and we are committed to maintaining that process . "
Australian government minister Joe Hockey , who is responsible for the smart card project , told Channel Seven news there that the privacy breaches will not derail the plan , which will continue to be implemented .
Editor 's note , 29/08/2006 : Some of our Australian readers pointed out inaccuracies in the original version of this story .
These have been corrected .
OUT - LAW apologises for these errors .
Copyright © 2006 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
About 39 % of U.S. adults say they are likely to purchase technology products within the next six months for their home and another 44 % say they are likely to purchase technology products for " on the go , " according to a recent Harris Interactive poll .
The top five technology items adults are most likely to purchase within the next six months include : cell phone ( 17 % ) , camera ( 14 % ) , home computer ( 13 % ) and home printer ( 13 % ) , according to the online poll of 1,174 adults .
Those polled say ease of use ( 61 % ) , customer service ( 58 % ) and no hassle installation ( 57 % ) are the most important factors they consider when purchasing a new technology product .
Many U.S. adults say they have become more accepting of new technology over the past year , the poll finds .
While 68 % of adults say their attitude towards technology has not changed over the past year , 28 % say they have become much more accepting of new technology and only 4 % of adults say they are more skeptical of new technology .
A majority of Americans say their attitude towards new technology is best described with the statement , " As long as it works and the price is right -- I 'll consider it . "
Steve Yegge 's scathing criticism of agile methodologies takes a page from Joel Spolsky 's book .
It 's not merely an indictment of Agile , it 's also a celebration of how his company does business .
Just substitute " Google " for " Fog Creek Software " and you 'll get the idea .
It 's a long post , so I 'll save you the effort of reading it : if you 're practicing Agile and you do n't work at Google , you 're probably doing it wrong .
Here 's how Google does it :
There are managers , sort of , but most of them code at least half - time , making them more like tech leads .
Developers can switch teams and / or projects any time they want , no questions asked ; just say the word and the movers will show up the next day to put you in your new office with your new team .
Google has a philosophy of not ever telling developers what to work on , and they take it pretty seriously .
Developers are strongly encouraged to spend 20 % of their time ( and I mean their M - F , 8 - 5 time , not weekends or personal time ) working on whatever they want , as long as it's not their main project .
There are n't very many meetings .
I 'd say an average developer attends perhaps 3 meetings a week , including their 1:1 with their lead .
It 's quiet .
Engineers are quietly focused on their work , as individuals or sometimes in little groups or 2 to 5 .
There are n't Gantt charts or date - task - owner spreadsheets or any other visible project - management artifacts in evidence , not that I 've ever seen .
Even during the relatively rare crunch periods , people still go get lunch and dinner , which are ( famously ) always free and tasty , and they do n't work insane hours unless they want to .
Google drives behavior through incentives .
Engineers working on important projects are , on average , rewarded more than those on less - important projects .
The rewards and incentives are too numerous to talk about here , but the financial incentives range from gift certificates and massage coupons up through giant bonuses and stock grants .
Google is a peer - review oriented culture , and earning the respect of your peers means a lot there .
More than it does at other places , I think . [..] your actual performance review is almost entirely based on your peer reviews , so it has an indirect financial impact on you .
[ Google ] has a long all - hands in which they show every single project that launched to everyone , and put up the names and faces of the teams ( always small ) who launched each one , and everyone applauds .
If nothing else , it 's an interesting window into Google 's software development process .
The whole FogCreek / Google - Is - So- Totally - Awesome thing is an annoyance .
But I have a deeper problem with this post .
I think Steve 's criticisms of agile are hysterical and misplaced ; attacking Agile is a waste of time because most developers have n't even gotten there yet !
The real enemy is n't Agile , it 's Waterfall and Big Design Up Front .
Even " bad " Agile is a huge quality of life improvement for developers stuck in the dark ages of BDUF .
I know because I 've been there .
Rather than wasting time and effort on discriminating between " good " and " bad " Agile , we should be banding together in the name of Anything But Waterfall .
The fact that some maladjusted developer or project manager could use Steve 's well - written , reasonable sounding rant as a justification to keep their project in the dark ages of Waterfall and BDUF absolutely kills me .
Who is the real enemy here ?
I 'm not the only person with criticisms of Steve 's rant .
Dare Obasanjo notes that the talent meritocracy at Google sounds disturbingly similar to the one outlined in Malcolm Gladwell 's The Talent Myth :
This " talent mind - set " is the new orthodoxy of American management .
It is the intellectual justification for why such a high premium is placed on degrees from first - tier business schools , and why the compensation packages for top executives have become so lavish .
In the modern corporation , the system is considered only as strong as its stars , and , in the past few years , this message has been preached by consultants and management gurus all over the world .
None , however , have spread the word quite so ardently as McKinsey , and , of all its clients , one firm took the talent mind - set closest to heart .
It was a company where McKinsey conducted twenty separate projects , where McKinsey 's billings topped ten million dollars a year , where a McKinsey director regularly attended board meetings , and where the C.E.O. himself was a former McKinsey partner .
The company , of course , was Enron .
Read the rest of the article ; the similarities are truly startling .
It 's not very reassuring to think that the only difference between Enron and Google is their " Do n't be evil " motto .
We now have laws in place to protect us from Enron , eg , Sarbanes - Oxley .
I 'm not aware of any pending motto enforcement acts .
Yet .
Wes Felter calls it " a great rant " , but also cleverly juxtaposes two of Steve 's sentences to illustrate a point :
This nickel - a - line - of - code gig is lame .
You know where the real money is at ?
You start your own religion . [...]
There is nothing like it on the face of this earth .
I could talk for hours , days about how amazing it is to work at Google , and I would n't be done .
And they 're not done either .
Every week it seems like there 's a new perk , a new benefit , a new improvement , a new survey asking us all if there 's any possible way in which life at Google could be better .
One wonders if the " good " agile at Google is n't just as much of a religion as the " bad " Agile .
Update : follow up in the next post
Have a look at this blog post , which talks about Digg potentially being misused .
I posted this partly because I was unable to digg that post .
If you scroll down to the list of diggers here and here , you will notice that the order of the first 16 diggers is identical and that only 2 of the 24 vary in each .
You can click the images to confirm the results yourself .
Whether this is a coincidence ( KevinRose is there ) or more malicious ( trying to accelerate things to the front page ) I do n’t know .
Read about it on ForeverGeek .
Also : See ForeverGeek ’s follow up .
Update :
I submitted this post to digg a while ago .
I was puzzled that it dissappeared after about five minutes .
This was it ( highlighting is because of this ) :
So I submitted it again :
Again it has vanished .
They were located at : here and here .
You will notice that the title of those pages is correct , whereas this displays nothing .
That shows they WERE there .
Update 2 :
I then found I was no longer logged into digg , tried to log in and :
A little 1984 - ish .
Update 3 :
Made a new account , posted a comment linking to this post here ( please digg up manchild ’s comment ) .
My comment was promptly deleted and I am now blocked from logging in by IP . 🙁
Update 4 :
After an email to abuse@digg.com , explaining that I did not believe I had broken the ToS I received this reply :
Dear Sir ,
As you pointed out “ to abuse , harass , threaten , impersonate or intimidate other Digg users ” .
We have had many problems in the past due to users accusing other users of abuse based on false facts .
As we have told other users that have emailed us about this subject , there is no abuse involved here , we have investigated it and yes it does look suspicious to the eye , but they are all legit users and therefor we can not ban them .
We ask you kindly to email us if you believe a story is being abused .
We would have done the same to any other user that might have been accusing you .
You can post negative comments and negative stories [ I had implied perhaps unjustly in my email that I was blocked for submitting negative stories about Digg ] about digg , but please restrain from accusing or intimidating other users .
Your account has been unblocked .
If you have any other questions , please email us and we ’ll do our best to help you .
Thank you , - The Digg Watch Team .
So I now have an account back , which is nice .
I guess they could well be telling the truth when they say there was nothing suspicious going on .
It was n’t the initial story ‘ gaming of digg ’ that annoyed me rather it was the censorship of submissions that sort to point that story out .
I think Digg should rely on its users to make editorial decisions .
Users can do a lot to rectify incorrect submissions as in this case .
Stick by the text on the front page : “ With digg , users submit stories for review , but rather than allowing an editor to decide which stories go on the homepage , the users do . ”
Update 5 :
Ken points to an Aviran ’s Place story about more Digg editorial control .
The same thing seems to have happened to ForeverGeek which is why I wrote this post at all .
Update 6 :
OK .
Digg has now not deleted Digg Corrupted even after 47 minutes and with 49 diggs .
However , it has not made it to the front page .
These two screen captures were taken at the same time .
The former is from the front page , the latter is still in diggall .
You will note that the one on the front page has less diggs than the other .
This is despite the fact that it was submitted almost a day ago whereas the other was submitted less than an hour ago .
This means that the “ Digg Corrupted ” submission has received almost 24 times as many diggs per minute .
And yet it has not been promoted to the front page .
I smell ‘ hierarchical editorial control ’ .
The articles are buried so they ’ll never make the front page , I guess they could ’ve been user buried .
But this does n’t detract from the fact than mine and other ’s submissions were deleted ( not buried ) .
Update 7 :
Well at time of pressing Save button an article has made it to the Digg front page unburied .
Ironically it points to the Slashdot item about ‘ Growing Censorship Concerns at Digg ’ .
Oh , and that links to me so hello Slashdotters !
( and Diggers turned Slashdotters ! )
Update 8 :
Kevin Rose ’s response .
I will respond to it when I have time , but I do n’t at the moment .
It contradicts the email above .
Update : follow up in the next post
When the government told a court Friday that it wanted a class - action lawsuit regarding the National Security Agency 's eavesdropping on Americans dismissed , its lawyers wielded one of the most powerful legal tools available to the executive branch – the state secrets privilege .
That privilege allows the government to tell a judge that a civil case may expose information detrimental to national security , and to ask that testimony or documents be hidden or a lawsuit dismissed .
That extraordinary executive power was established in English common law and upheld in a 1953 Supreme Court case involving the fatal crash of a secret bomber .
In this case , the government will be asking a federal judge in California to dismiss a lawsuit filed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation against AT&T for its alleged complicity in warrantless government surveillance of its customer 's internet and telephone communications .
The EFF alleges that AT&T gave the government access to a massive phone billing database and helped the NSA spy on its customers ' internet use .
But what exactly is the privilege , and how powerful is it ?
The state secrets privilege cannot be found in the U.S. Code , the code of federal regulations or the Constitution .
Instead , it is a part of common law , the body of laws and precedents created over centuries of legal decisions .
When the government believes that a civil suit might reveal secrets injurious to the country , the head of the appropriate government agency must review the matter and submit a signed affidavit attesting to the danger of the lawsuit or documents that might be disclosed .
Judges almost invariably agree to such requests , according to William Weaver , a law professor and senior adviser to the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition .
" It 's like one of magic rings from The Lord of the Rings , " Weaver said .
" You slip it on and you are invisible – you are now secret .
" Ostensibly judges could have flexibility , but they have not done that , " Weaver said .
" There has never been an unsuccessful invocation of the state secrets privilege when national security is involved .
The ( EFF ) suit is over . "
Weaver points to a 1978 decision by a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit against the NSA by Vietnam War protesters as a precedent for what is likely to happen in the lawsuit against AT&T .
Judges almost always accept , at face value , assertions by the executive branch about the need for secrecy , said Stephen Aftergood , who directs the Federation of American Scientists ' Project on Government Secrecy .
" It reflects a judicial lack of self - confidence in the face of national security claims made by the executive branch , " Aftergood said .
" You also see this deference in Freedom of Information Act cases . "
That 's a shame , according to Aftergood and Weaver , since one of the most successful ways of exposing government wrongdoing is through lawsuits .
" In a nutshell , invoking the privilege shuts down the judicial process and it says that the courthouse doors are closed , " said Aftergood .
" In a society ruled by law , that is a subversive action . "
National security could be protected , while still allowing cases to move forward , if judges allowed notes and evidence to be seen only in a special room by lawyers with security clearances – as has happened in Guantanamo Bay criminal cases – or if judges shut down courtrooms during sensitive sessions , according to Shayana Kadidal , a staff attorney at the Center for Constitutional Rights , which is separately suing the NSA in an effort to stop what it calls unconstitutional wiretaps .
" The government is asserting that none of that is good enough , " Kadidal said .
" They are saying , ' This is so sensitive we can't rely on the judge . ' "
Weaver calls that decision political .
" The privilege is being used to hide criminal activity – embarrassing activity – and protect the president from adverse publicity and close off the investigation , " Weaver said .
Charles Miller , a Justice Department spokesman , denies that the government is trying to hide any wrongdoing .
" When we file certifications of the state secrets privilege , it is because it is felt that certain disclosures will be injurious to the country , " Miller said .
" Needless to say , the ultimate decision is by the judge . "
That decision might be less predictable than the government or Weaver expects it to be .
The judge handling the case , Chief Judge Vaughn Walker , is a very independent thinker , according to Hastings College of Law professor Rory Little .
" He 's a judge that would not have any trouble saying ' no ' to any party if the law sent him there , " Little said .
" He 's no pushover and is not predictable in a political way or in a jurisprudential way . "
The assertion of the state secrets privilege is consistent with the Bush administration 's culture of secrecy .
The Department of Homeland Security withholds wide swaths of unclassified data that it deems Sensitive Security Information , including the internal regulation that requires airlines to ask passengers for identification .
In 2001 , Attorney General John Ashcroft issued new Freedom of Information guidelines to all federal agencies that tightened the standards for deciding what information to make public .
And recently , CIA chief Porter Goss fired a 20 - year veteran analyst for unauthorized contact with an investigative journalist .
The FBI is trying to seize control of the notes and papers of the late columnist Jack Anderson , and in Washington , the Justice Department is using espionage statutes to prosecute two former officials of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee for discussing classified matters that they learned secondhand – the officials never had a U.S. security clearance and were not bound by any nondisclosure agreements .
The NSA story has even spawned conjecture that the government might prosecute the New York Times reporters who broke the news , while the administration continues to fish for the identity of the whistle - blower who leaked the existence of the government 's secret domestic spying program in the first place .
Three Amendments : Responsibility , Generality , and Natural Liberty
Introduction
A central message of public choice theory tells us that if politics generates undesirable results , it is better to examine the rules than to argue about different policies or to elect different representatives .
Well and good .
But those of us who have peddled this message have been too reluctant to get down and dirty with proposals for constitutional change .
Hence , I felt challenged by the editor ’s invitation to propose three specific amendments .
What is wrong with things as they are ?
And among any extended listing that each of us might make , which of the observed results might be amenable to fixing through changes in the rules ?
Fiscal irresponsibility stares us in the face and cries out for correction .
The near - total disregard for any pretense of generality in the distribution of apparent governmental largesse , along with the increasing manipulation of the tax structure , can only be turned around by constitutional prohibition of discrimination .
Existing rules , as interpreted , have not been successful in guaranteeing the natural liberty of citizens to engage in voluntary exchange , both among themselves within the political jurisdiction and with others beyond national boundaries .
Fiscal Responsibility
Political leaders , both legislative and executive , with public support , act as if it is possible to spend without taxing , indeed as if the fisc offers the political equivalent of perpetual motion .
This observed fiscal profligacy stems from diverse sources : institutional history , Keynesian follies , supply - side exaggerations , and , finally , the very logic of collective action , which fosters the personalized illusion of something for nothing , especially amid the natural constituency pressures of representative democracy .
The twentieth century experienced a manifold increase in the size of government , at all levels , but concentrated in the United States at the federal level .
The political decision structure accelerated this growth .
Congress found itself able to advance popular spending programs separately from the imposition of taxes needed to finance them .
Further , the spending process itself was effectively decentralized through the delegation of authority to committees , members of which were necessarily responsive to interest groups .
Sporadic efforts to reform the budgetary decision structure have been unsuccessful .
Ideas have consequences .
The heritage of budget deficits can be traced , in part , to the now - discredited Keynesian economics , which dominated the academies in mid-century and influenced political arguments from the 1960s .
The Keynesian response to the Great Depression neglected monetary relevance , causal and corrective , and emphasized budgetary expansion through debt finance , soft - pedaled by a bizarre denial that the incidence of spending even exists .
Politicians were delighted with this logic and rushed in to expand government outlay .
As concerns over mounting deficits emerged in the late 1970s and early 1980s , opportunities were missed to introduce a constitutional amendment for budget balance .
In part , this failure was due to the Reagan administration ’s distraction by supply - side arguments , which relegated deficit worries to the second order of smalls .
The Reagan cuts in marginal tax rates did , indeed , set the stage for economic growth , which during the 1990s obscured the fiscal profligacy inherent in existing institutions and attitudes .
Fiscal responsibility again moved to center stage in public discussion in the early 2000s , as responses to terrorism and natural disasters supplemented ordinary proclivities to expand governmental outlays .
The urgency of reform is exacerbated by the recognition that creditor accounts have increasingly been accumulated by Asian central banks .
A constitutional amendment could take the following form .
In its final budget resolution , Congress should restrict estimated spending to the limits imposed by estimated tax revenues .
This requirement should be waived only upon approval separately by three - fourths of the House of Representatives and the Senate .
This exception would allow for debt financing of federal outlay in situations that are indeed extraordinary ( major wars , natural disasters ) , an exception recognized by classical public finance .
Such a constitutional amendment would exert a major impact on world attitudes .
Such action would , in itself , increase prospects that the dollar would not lose its role as the international reserve currency .
The attainment of fiscal responsibility by the United States , both in fact and appearance , is imperative .
Specific amendment of the Constitution offers the means for telling the world that the fiscal house is in order .
Toward Nondiscriminatory Politics
In a 1978 video - taped interview , F.A. Hayek stated to me that a constitutional amendment should read : “ Congress shall make no law authorizing government to take any discriminatory measures of coercion . ”
He went on to add that , with such an amendment , all of the other rights would be unnecessary .
The principle is that of generality , which has long been accepted as the central element in the rule of law .
The Hayek proposal amounts to an extension of the legal tradition in Western civil order to the workings of ordinary politics .
The principle , as such , may be widely understood and accepted as an appropriate normative guideline .
It may prove difficult , however , to incorporate nondiscrimination in a constitutional provision that would forestall prospects for divergent judicial interpretation .
Any specific provision here would be akin to the equal protection clause that has been construed well beyond its initial meaning .
Nonetheless , few would argue that the Constitution would be improved by total elimination of the Equal Protection Clause .
Why should the politics of democracy , either in idealized form or in practice , be different from the law , again as idealized or in substance ?
Why is discrimination in political action constitutionally permissible whereas discrimination in law is out of bounds ?
The answer , in part , lies in political - constitutional history over the life of the United States , during which the activity of the federal government has expanded beyond the imagination of the Framers .
Those who prepared the initial documents did recognize the dangers of discriminatory treatment on the taxing side of the fiscal account .
The uniformity clause has been variously interpreted through the years , but it did prove strong enough to have required an amendment explicitly making progressive income taxation constitutionally acceptable .
The outlay side of the account has been , surprisingly , ignored , and fiscal history is characterized by a failure to distinguish between programs that , at least in principle , are aimed to benefit citizens of the polity generally and those that are , often explicitly , aimed to benefit members of identified groups .
Arguments about applications might arise , even among those who support the generality norm in principle .
Such arguments should not , however , be allowed to undermine the persuasive force of the nondiscriminatory objective in the civic and public understanding of the ultimate justification of collective action .
The American structure will not survive if “ democratic politics ” comes to be interpreted as overt conflict among parties and groups each seeking to further particular interest .
Regardless of the specific wording of a nondiscrimination amendment , there will remain scope for disagreement as to its implications .
Such an amendment would not require change in the Sixteenth Amendment , since this provision allows only the levy of taxes on income and does not stipulate rates of tax .
A nondiscrimination amendment might , however , offer the basis for the replacement of the complex tax structure by a uniform rate of tax that is imposed on all income , without exemptions , deductions , credits , or other special treatments .
On the spending or outlay side of the budget , the generality norm would require that program benefits be extended across all members of the polity .
If programs include cash transfers , the generality standard would dictate equal - per - head payments , sometimes called demogrants , to all citizens .
What about programs that clearly discriminate among groups by some criteria , but which are deemed to be legitimized by appeal to “ the public interest ” ?
Here a partial answer might refer to the generality of the qualification criteria , as such .
For example , tax - financed outlay on pensions or medical care for the elderly might be adjudged to be nondiscriminatory since all citizens become equally eligible if age standards are satisfied .
Each person gets old , and age is not subject to behavioral manipulation .
More difficult issues arise if program benefits are differentially targeted toward members of groups , benefits that may seem justifiable on public interest grounds , but which cannot , by their nature , be interpreted to be general , e.g. , aid to the blind , deaf , disabled .
All such programs are subject to some behavioral manipulation .
No hard and fast line can be drawn here , and the apparent violation of any generality standard must be weighed against a meaningful interpretation of how much general interest is involved .
What are clearly ruled out , at least in principle , are all programs that target persons who qualify in accordance with identification by ethnicity , location , occupation , industry , or activity .
Regardless of how a nondiscrimination amendment is finally worded , there will remain relevant issues of interpretation .
But , as is the case with the equal protection clause , it would surely be better to have such a nondiscrimination provision in the constitutional document itself than to ignore the continuing blatant violation of the generality norm in the workings of ordinary majoritarian politics .
After all , constitutions do serve as constraints , even if subject to evasion and misinterpretation .
Natural Liberty
Neither of the two constitutional changes discussed previously — those aimed to correct for fiscal irresponsibility and overt political discrimination — will insure against continuing pressures for growth of government .
The welfare state could remain with us , perhaps commanding a major share of value that is produced .
The third proposal , discussed here , might operate more directly on extension of governmental activity , although such extensions would , in themselves , lose much public support if contained within the limits of the first two rules .
The Madisonian construction is flawed by its authorization of government regulation through the much abused Commerce Clause .
The authorization should be restricted to the prevention of interferences with voluntary exchanges and should not extend to the prohibition , or the coercive dictation of the terms , of such exchanges .
Nor should any differentiation be made between exchanges within the domestic economy and those made with others outside the political jurisdiction .
The Constitution has proved effective in insuring that the large American market be open inside national boundaries ; it has not operated to insure freedom of trade beyond these limits .
Public understanding , including , importantly , that of the practicing judiciary , must embody the recognition that limiting government intrusion into the operation of markets , while imposing on government the obligation to prevent interferences with voluntary exchange , does not , in any way , amount to the constitutionalization of a particular economic theory , as sometimes alleged .
Such a requirement is little more than explicit acknowledgement that persons possess the natural liberty to enter into and exit from agreements , without concern for collectively imposed constraints .
The first two proposals may be broadly appealing since they may be interpreted as correctives for observed departures from acceptable normative standards .
The third proposal , treated here , is dramatically different because its endorsement , even as principle , requires rethinking the two - century presumption that governmental action is preferred to that generated through markets .
The mind - set that elevates collective action to its idealized image while ignoring the reality of its operation must be exorcised , and especially as this mind - set has come to dominate legal interpretation after the usurpation of constitutional limits in the Roosevelt era .
Measured against a yardstick of potential implementation , the three proposals stand in ascending order of difficulty .
The balanced budget constraint is within reasonable prospect .
Constitutional prohibition of political discrimination is acceptable in principle .
But even die - hard classical liberals may bridle at constitutional prohibition of governmental regulatory authority .
It is here that the lessons of public choice theory have yet to penetrate public consciousness .
The shift in perspective requires that governmental failure in regulatory activities be set against the market failure arguments of those who idealize collective action .
The proposed amendment would allow government authority to prevent interferences with the natural liberty of voluntary exchange while not allowing for intrusion into private market behavior .
This idea is , indeed , revolutionary , even in the post - socialist climate of discourse , but the debate can be joined only if the alternatives are seen for what they are .
The “ regulatory state ” has not worked .
Abandonment of its constitutional legitimacy offers a starting point for constructive dialogue .
Conclusion
In some aspects , the three proposals for constitutional change are internally redundant .
Effective enforcement of any one would do much toward meeting the need for implementation of the others .
In this sense , perhaps the Hayekian requirement for political nondiscrimination seems the most inclusive .
Such a rule could be so interpreted as to disallow debt financing of ordinary outlay , and , also , intrusive regulation of exchange emerges only because discrimination is permissible .
If all governmental action must conform to the generality norm , how much regulation could exist ?
As already noted , the three basic changes would not , in themselves , insure against a governmental sector that is Leviathan - like in size .
The proposals are procedural rather than substantive .
They would not prevent constituencies , through ordinary democratic processes , from choosing to levy general tax rates sufficient to finance a massive budget that embodies generalized benefits .
Perhaps the culture of dependence is so entrenched in public attitudes that a large and cumbersome nonproductive welfare state remains in prospect .
The test should be carried out , nonetheless , before proposals are advanced that reflect abandonment of the fundamental democratic faith .
In initial instructions , the editor limited me to three proposals for constitutional change .
This limit has not allowed discussion of a monetary constitution as a supplement and possible substitute for fiscal constraint .
Nor has it been possible to explore constitutional changes that may have been made imperative with the emergence of terrorism , both in the enabling of effective prevention and in the control of possible abuses of authority .
Rubber tyres , the kind that lie at the bottom of rivers and at the back of junkyards the world over , could be ideal water filters says an environmental engineer at Penn State university in the US .
Yuefeng Xie says his “ crumb rubber ” suffers none of the problems of traditional water filtration systems and as a result can filter wastewater up to four times faster .
Traditionally , water filtration systems are made of particles of sand or anthracite stacked in a column .
The particles are arranged so that the larger ones – which leave larger gaps between them – are at the top of the column and the smaller particles and therefore smaller holes are at the bottom .
As a result , contaminants get filtered out from top to bottom in order of decreasing size .
The problem , says Xie , is that these systems clog up very quickly – every couple days on average .
Water is pushed through them backwards to clean them out , but this ruins the column ’s careful stacking as the large particles naturally settle to the bottom .
Every subsequent filtration only uses the top of the column which therefore clogs up even faster .
“ The filters are designed to last 20 years but after one backwash you get a filter you do n’t want , ” says Xie .
Advertisement
Xie and his team believe that crumbs of rubber , 1 to 2 millimetres across , are an ideal solution because the crumbs are compressible .
As a result , regardless of how the filter is stacked the crumbs at the bottom of the column are always smallest because they are squashed by the weight of the column .
Sewage sludge
Xie , who obtained a patent for the rubber crumb filter in November 2005 , says it works four times faster than conventional filters .
The suggestion is interesting and plausible , says Sean Moran , an environmental engineer who runs Expertise Limited in the UK .
“ But I can see there being a lot of difficulties taking it from lab stage to full scale , ” he adds .
He points out that there are already filtering columns which maintain their size gradient even after backwashing by exploiting the density differences .
These use large , low density particles of anthracite , on top of sand , with small , high density particles of garnet at the bottom .
Another problem in cleaning filtering systems is that sewage sludge sticks to the filter particles .
Moran thinks the sludge is more likely to stick to rubber than to smooth hard grains of sand and coal .
He is also concerned that the rubber from old tyres might leach out toxic chemicals including heavy metals .
Xie ’s team is now taking feedback from experts , and running tests to make sure the rubber does not leach out heavy metals .
Cells A dataflow extension to CLOS
Introduction
Cells is a mature , stable extension to CLOS that allows you to create classes , the instances of which have slots whose values are determined by a formula .
Think of the slots as cells in a spreadsheet ( get it ? ) , and you 've got the right idea .
You can use any arbitrary Common Lisp expression to specify the value of a cell .
The Cells system takes care of tracking dependencies among cells , and propagating values .
It is distributed under an MIT - style license .
There are still some resources over at the old Cells homepage at Kenny Tilton 's tilton - technology.com site .
Related projects
The Cells - Gtk project is a Cells - based wrapper for the Gtk GUI toolkit , developed originally by Vasilis Margioulas .
The Cello project is a Cells - based , portable GUI toolkit .
It is currently in a prerelease state , and for now has been brought under this Cells project for support and any new development .
Mailing Lists
Installation
If your Lisp system has asdf - install , you can install Cells with the following command : ( asdf - install : install : cells )
Otherwise , download the distribution from here and follow the instructions in README .
Documentation
For now , just the stuff you can find on the original Cells home page here .
Source downloads
There ’s been lots of talk on the web lately about Digg being the new Slashdot .
Two months ago , a Digg reader noted that according to Alexa , Digg ’s traffic was catching up to that of Slashdot , even though Slashdot has been around for several years and Digg is just over a year old .
The brash newcomer vs. the reigning champ , an intriguing matchup .
Last weekend , a piece on kottke.org ( 50 Fun Things to Do With Your iPod ) was featured on Digg and Slashdot [ 1 ] and the experience left behind some data that presents a interesting comparison to the Alexa data .
On 1/7 at around 11:00 pm ET ( a Saturday night ) , the 50 Things / iPod link appeared on Digg ’s front page .
It ’s unclear exactly what time the link fell off the front page , but from the traffic pattern on my server , it looks like it lasted until around 2 am Sunday night ( about 3 hours ) .
As of 10 pm ET on 1/11 , the story had been “ dugg ” 1387 times [ 2 ] , garnered 65 comments , and had sent ~ 20,000 people to kottke.org .
On 1/8 at around 5 pm ET ( a Sunday afternoon ) , the 50 Things / iPod link appeared on Slashdot ’s front page and was up there for around 24 hours .
As of 10 pm ET on 1/11 , the story has elicited 254 comments and sent ~ 84,100 people to kottke.org .
Here ’s a graph of my server ’s traffic ( technically , it ’s a graph of the bandwidth out in megabits / second ) during the Digg and Slashdot events .
I ’ve overlaid the Digg trend on the Slashdot one so you can directly compare them :
That ’s roughly 18 hours of data … and the scales of the two trends are the same .
Here ’s a graph that shows the two events together on the same trend , along with a “ baseline ” traffic graph of what the bandwidth approximately would have been had neither site linked to kottke.org :
That ’s about 4.5 days of data .
Each “ bump ” on the baseline curve is a day [ 3 ] .
The two events are separated by just enough time that it ’s possible to consider them more or less separately and make some interesting observations .
Along with some caveats , here ’s what the data might be telling us :
The bandwidth graphs represent everything that was happening on the kottke.org server during the time period in question .
That means that bandwidth from all other outgoing traffic is on there , mixed in with that caused just by the Digg and Slashdot traffic .
According to my stats , no other significant events happened during the period shown that would cause unusual amounts of bandwidth to be consumed .
Including the baseline traffic ( from mid-December actually ) on the second graph is an attempt to give you an idea of what it looks like normally and so you can see what effect the two sites had on the traffic .
The Digg link happened late Saturday night in the US and the Slashdot link occurred midday on Sunday .
Traffic to sites like Slashdot and Digg are typically lower during the weekend than during the weekday and also less late at night .
So , Digg might be at somewhat of a disadvantage here and this is perhaps not an apples to apples comparison .
I ’m pretty sure that the person who submitted this link to Slashdot got it from Digg or at least from a site that got it from Digg .
Bottom line : if the iPod thing , which is several months old , had n’t been Dugg , it would not have appeared on Slashdot the next day .
If you look at the first 16 - 18 hours of the link being both sites ( first graph ) , you ’ll see that the traffic from Slashdot was initially larger and stayed large longer than that from Digg .
Stories appear to stay on the front page of Slashdot for about a day , but the churn is much faster on Digg … it only lasted three hours and that was late on a Saturday night .
Slashdot sent roughly 4 times the traffic to kottke.org than Digg did since Saturday .
If you look at the second graph , Slashdot appears to have a significant “ aftershock ” effect on the traffic to kottke.org .
The traffic went up and stayed up for days .
In contrast , the traffic from Digg fell off when the link dropped off the front page and increased traffic a little the next day ( compared to the baseline ) before Slashdot came and blew the doors off at 4 pm .
Some of this difference is due to the late hour at which the link was Dugg and how much longer the link remained on the Slashdot front page .
But that does n’t account for the size and duration of the aftershock from Slashdot , which is going on three days now .
The traffic from the Slashdot link obscures any secondary Digg effect beyond 16 - 18 hours .
But the bump in traffic ( if any ) from Digg on Sunday afternoon pre-Slashdot was not that large and was declining as the afternoon wore on , so any possible Digg aftershock that ’s obscured by the Slashdot link is minimal and short - lived .
I ’m guessing the Slashdot aftershock is due to 1 ) traffic from links to kottke.org from other blogs that got it from Slashdot ( from blogs that got it from those blogs , etc. ) , 2 ) people passing the link around via email , etc. after getting it from Slashdot , 3 ) Slashdot visitors returning to kottke.org to check out other content , and 4 ) an embedded Digg mini- aftershock of linkers , emailers , and repeat visitors .
The del.icio.us page for the 50 ways / iPod link shows that before 1/8 , only a few del.icio.us users per day were bookmarking it , but after that it was dozens per day .
In terms of comparing this with the Alexa data , it ’s not a direct comparison because they ’re measuring visitors to Digg and Slashdot , and I ’m measuring ( roughly ) visitors from each of those sites .
From the kottke.org data , you can infer how many people visit each site by how many people visited from each site initially … the bandwidth burst from Slashdot was roughly about 1.8 times as large as Digg’s .
That ’s actually almost exactly what Alexa shows ( ~1.8 x ) .
But over a period of about 4 days , Slashdot has sent more than 4 times the number of visitors to kottke.org than Digg — despite a 18 - hour headstart for Digg — and the aftershock for Slashdot is much larger and prolonged .
It ’s been four days since the Slashdotting and kottke.org is still getting 15,000 more visitors a day than usual .
This indicates that although Digg may rapidly be catching up to Slashdot traffic - wise , it has a way to go in terms of influence [ 4 ] .
Slashdot is far from dying … the site still wields an enormous amount of influence .
That ’s because it ’s been around so long , it ’s been big , visible , and influential for so long , and their purpose is provide their audience with 20 - 25 relevant links / stories each day .
The “ word - of - mouth ” network that Slashdot has built over the years is broad and deep .
When a link is posted to Slashdot , not only do their readers see it , it ’s posted to other blogs ( and from there to other blogs , etc. ) , forwarded around , etc .
And those are well - established pathways .
In contrast , Digg ’s network is not quite so broad and certainly less deep … they just have n’t been around as long .
Plus Digg has so much flow ( links / day ) that what influence they do have is spread out over many more links , imparting less to each individual link .
( There are quite a few analogies you can use somewhat successfully here … the mafia don who outsmarts a would - be usurper because of his connections and wisdom or the aging rock group that may currently be less popular than the flavor of the month but has collectively had a bigger influence on pop music .
But I ’ll leave making those analogies as an exercise to the reader . )
What all this suggests is that if you ’re really interested in how influence works on the web , just looking at traffic or links does n’t tell you the whole story and can sometimes be quite misleading .
Things like longevity , what the social & linking networks look like , and how sites are designed are also important .
The Alexa data suggests that Digg has half the traffic of Slashdot , but that results in 4 x the number of visitors from Slashdot and a much larger influence afterwards .
The data aside , the Digg link was fun and all but ultimately insignificant .
The Slashdot link brought significantly more readers to the site , spurred many other sites to link to it , and appears to have left me with a sizable chunk of new readers .
As an online publisher , having those new long - term readers is a wonderful thing .
Anyway , lots of interesting stuff here just from this little bit of data … more questions than conclusions probably .
And I did n’t even get into the question of quality that Gene brings up here [ 5 ] or the possible effect of RSS [ 6 ] .
It would be neat to be a researcher at someplace like Google or Yahoo !
and be able to look more deeply into traffic flows , link propagation , different network topologies , etc. etc. etc .
[ 1 ]
The way I discovered the Digging and Slashdotting was that I started getting all sorts of really stupid email , calling me names and swearing .
One Slashdot reader called me a “ fag ” and asked me to stop talking about “ gay ipod shit ” .
The wisdom of the crowds tragedy of the commons indeed .
[ 2 ]
On Digg , a “ digg ” is a like a thumbs - up .
You dig ?
[ 3 ]
That ’s the normal traffic pattern for kottke.org and probably most similar sites … a nearly bell - shaped curve of traffic that is low in the early morning , builds from 8 am to the highest point around noon , and declines in the afternoon until it ’s low again at night ( although not as low as in the morning ) .
[ 4 ]
The clever reader will note here that Slashdot got the link from Digg , so who ’s influencing who here ?
All this aftershock business … the Slashdotting is part of the Digg aftershock .
To stick with the earthquake analogy though , no one cares about the 5.4 quake if it ’s followed up by a 7.2 later in the day .
[ 5 ]
Ok , twist my arm .
Both Digg and Slashbot use the wisdom of crowds to offer content to their readers .
Slashdot ’s human editors post 25 stories a day suggested by individual readers while Digg might feature dozens of stories on the front page per day , collectively voted there by their readers .
In terms of editorial and quality , I am unconvinced that a voting system like Digg ’s can produce a quality editorial product …it ’s too much of an informational firehose .
Bloggers and Slashdot story submitters might like drinking from that hose , but there ’s just too much flow ( and not enough editing ) to make it an everyday , long - term source of information .
( You might say that , duh , Digg does n’t want to be a publication like Slashdot and you ’d probably be right , in which case , why are people comparing the two sites in the first place ?
But still , in terms of influence , editing matters and if Digg wants to keep expanding its influence , it ’s gotta deal with that . )
[ 6 ]
Digg might be more “ bursty ” than Slashdot because a higher percentage of its audience reads the site via RSS ( because they ’re younger , grew up with newsreaders in their cribs , etc. ) .
Brighter initial burn but less influence over time .
Silicon Startups mushroom by the hundreds in cities like California , Boston , Chicago and Miami .
Why do n't we see a similar effect in our own backyard ?
We have the necessary human resource , the best institutions for higher education , the same democratic setup that America has .
Even venture funding is big business in India these days having its own share of multi millionaires who have made it to the Forbes list .
With Web 2.0 close to 2 years old now , we still see a precipitation of Web 2.0 application startups in America that get listed everyday on various sites like TechCrunch , TechMeme , etc on the Blogosphere .
Why is it that India or any other developing nation does not see a similar hatchlings ?
Poverty brings with it the lack of infrastructure and the slow pace of development .
The incremental changes in the attitudes of a society that take several generations to span a new line of thought .
The culture of the country also is a key determinant .
Ours is a ' relational culture ' where we do not see anything wrong when we patronise our relatives , friends and people of importance to us .
Of whether they will be able to add value to the team is a secondary matter .
The lack of huge consumer based local market that does its business over the Internet .
Red-tapism and bureacracy ... [
More of an extension of the 2nd point by Paul . ]
The lack of a unified de - facto language across the nation , making it necessary for regional language support to tap the 25 odd , million - strong regional market in India .
&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;lt ; a href= " http://not-a-real-namespace/http://polls.blogflux.com/poll-2419.html " &amp;amp ;amp ;amp ;amp ;amp ;amp ;amp;gt;Take the poll&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;lt ; / a&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; br / &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; br / &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ;lt ; a href = " http://not-a-real-namespace/http://polls.blogflux.com/ " &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp ; amp ; amp ;gt ; Free Poll by Blog Flux&amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp ;amp ; amp;gt ;
The answer partly came in the form of Paul Graham 's detailed analysis of what is it that other nations lack in comparision with America that makes them non-conducive to silicon startups .
In the article that is incidentally the keynote address delivered by him at some conference , he takes the case of each country that is a key candidate for a possible spurt of silicon startups and lists the key deficiencies vis-a - vis the USA that act as the key barrier for a replication of the success that America has enjoyed over the years and continues to do so .
In India 's case , the key deficiency that Paul puts forth is the poverty ridden society .
Though he acknoledges the steady improvement India has been registering with each passing year since the economy opened up in the 90s , he is unsure of how much time it might take for India to fully walk the distance from being a land where one still sees swarms of beggars , to one where we can see swarms of silicon startups .
The reasons he puts forth are twoI have my own set of reasons that I feel might be apt if thrown in here .
The article goes on taking up China , Japan , Singapore , Europe on a case by case basis .
Though there are points where I beg to differ from the author , it does give a fresh look at the oft asked question .
Worth a read .
The NWFP is governed by an alliance of religious parties
It gives the new department the power to use the police and media for the promotion of Islamic values .
The NWFP is governed by an alliance of religious parties , the MMA , that is sympathetic to the Taleban .
It has already introduced measures such as the banning of music on public transport .
We had promised an Islamic system to the nation and approval of the Hisba bill is an important step in that direction
Akram Khan Durrani ,
NWFP chief minister
The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hassan in Karachi says the wording of the bill has been deliberately left vague and therefore open to different interpretations .
Critics say this leaves it open to misuse by politicians in the future .
Opposition MPs wore black armbands and staged a walkout from the assembly , saying their proposed changes to the law had been ignored .
The move comes only days before the federal assembly is due to debate moves to water down Islamic laws on divorce that have been denounced by women 's groups .
The Hisba ( Accountability ) bill was passed in the NWFP assembly by a majority of 66 to 30 .
' Important step '
Last year , the province 's governor refused to sign a similar bill into effect , and the Supreme Court declared aspects of the proposed law unconstitutional .
Under the constitution , the provincial governor is obliged to agree to the latest version , as he is only allowed to veto a bill once .
President Musharraf denounced the original bill
He must give his assent within 30 days of the bill being presented to him .
Some of the provisions in the 2005 bill that the Supreme Court criticised have been dropped .
The department will not now have its own police force .
It will , however , be able to requisition police " to promote virtue and prevent vice " .
In other concessions , the power to cap spending on weddings or to enforce an Islamic dress code in public has been removed .
The legislation also allows the department to tackle issues like honour killings of women , child labour and ensuring the rights of minority religious groups .
" We had promised an Islamic system to the nation and approval of the Hisba bill is an important step in that direction , " NWFP Chief Minister Akram Khan Durrani was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
Correspondents say that it remains to be seen which areas of its remit the department will choose to focus on .
Last year , President Pervez Musharraf denounced the original bill as a breach of fundamental human rights .
When to use tables for layout
In most cases CSS is nicer to work with and much more powerful than presentational markup .
There is really no reason to use font - tags , align - attributes etc , since the same effect can be achieved through CSS .
But tables - for - layout is a special case , since table - based layout has some specific properties , which cannot be achieved through pure CSS applied to table - less markup .
Consider this simple form :
Name : Age :
For aesthetic reasons , we would like the left edges of the input - boxes to align vertically .
Using a 2x2 table , this is trivial .
But using CSS this is surprisingly difficult .
We could define a common , fixed size on the label elements , which would push the input fields to the same horizontal position .
However this forces us to manually determine the length of the contents of the widest label , and use this as the fixed length for all labels .
Suddenly we have a tight coupling between content and style - sheet , which was exactly what CSS was supposed to liberate us from !
Table - based Name : Age : A 2x2 table .
No fixed measurements .
CSS Name : Age : Labels defined with a fixed size to 3.3 em , since this corresponds to the length of the string " Name : " , which is the longest label .
But it gets worse .
What if we were to change the text of a label slightly ?
Table - based Username : Age : Table adjusts automagically to content .
CSS Username : Age : Ouch !
Depending on your browser , the label " Username : " will be cropped , or the input box will be pushed right and the boxes dont align vertically any more .
Whats is the problem with CSS ?
Generally speaking , the problem is that CSS as currently implemented does n't support the concept of grids , where cells are aligned both vertically and horizontally .
The CSS layout model is a flow - model , where size and positioning of boxes is determined by containment and by what follows immediately before in the flow .
The grid - model is more complex , since the size of an element may by determined by content in a different branch of the element - tree .
Table Name : Age : Grid layout .
The cells align horizontally and vertically .
CSS Name : Age : Floating box layout .
There is no easy way to automatically align the left edges of the input fields , since they are in different branches of the box - hierarchy .
Name : Age :
We can align the fields manually by assigning the same specific width to every label .
But the layout wont adjust automatically to changes in content , since the grid is only in our minds .
To be fair , the CSS 2.1 spec does support grid - based layout using pure CSS .
Unfortunately Internet Explorer does not support this , hence it's not really relevant for real - world web design , even though it is supported in other browsers .
Note that any specific grid - based layout can be duplicated in pure CSS , using some amount of fixed measurements to emulate the grid - as long as the content is known beforehand .
The CSS Zen garden shows that amazing results can be achieved under these circumstances .
However , in this world of CMS 'es and database - backed websites , its more the exception than the rule , that the content is known beforehand and never changes after the design is finalized .
Another example
This is a typical page template with a main content area , a side bar , a header and footer .
Header Sidebar
.
. Main content
.
.
.
. Footer
As this is a template , we can't know if the content of the main area or the sidebar extends the furthest down the page , since this might vary from page to page .
We can handle this by flowing the two content areas , and clearing before the footer .
Now the footer will follow after the end of the longest of the content areas , whichever it is .
So far so good .
But what if we want a different background color in the sidebar , extending from top to bottom ?
Like this :
Header Sidebar
.
. Main content
.
.
.
. Footer
Table Header Sidebar
.
. Main content
.
.
.
. Footer Using a table for the two columns , it is easy .
We just appy the color to the cell containing the sidebar .
CSS Header Sidebar
.
. Main content
.
.
.
. Footer Using a CSS layout with floating boxes , the sidebar - box does not stretch to the bottom .
The solution proposed by CSS gurus seems to be to create a background image with a colored area overlapping with the sidebar - area ( this is called " faux columns " ) .
This seems to me amazingly cumbersome and inflexible , compared to how easy it would be with tables : just apply a background color to the sidebar - cell using the style - sheet .
Here it seems that discarding tables for layout actually makes the CSS less powerful .
If the requirements are fancier , like drawing a border around the sidebar or bottom - align a background image behind it , it will require a deviously clever css hacker .
The bottom line is that the two - column page template design really calls for a grid .
The design is grid - like because we want both top and bottom edges of the parallel content boxes to align .
This is done by stretching the shorter of the boxes , so it achieves the same height as the longer .
By default , the size of a box is determined by the size of its content .
We only need a grid , if we want boxes to stretch beyond the content - size , to achieve the same dimension as another sibling box .
So , when is a table the right solution ?
A table is the right solution when we need one or more box to stretch beyond the natural ( content - determined ) size , depending on the size of sibling boxes .
CSS layout is powerful enough , though , that many seemingly grid - like layouts can be emulated using some amount of clever tricks and hacks .
But these solutions - clever as they may be - is difficult to create and maintain , and dont really give any benefit compared to the much more straightforward use of tables for layout .
This image was lost some time after publication .
One of us remembers that time when our parents were out of town on vacation and we decided to cut loose .
It was all going fine until we made the mistake of taking Dad's Porsche out for a ride and accidentally drove it into the river .
Wait a second ... maybe that was ' Risky Business ' — we can't remember ... all of the 80's was such a coke - induced haze anyway .
The point is we know what it 's like to accidentally get into trouble with someone else 's car — just like Paris Hilton 's cousin .
Apparently , Brooke Ashley Brinson identified herself at the scene of an accident in Los Angeles as Paris Hilton 's cousin — and she was driving a Mercedes registered to Hilton .
According to the lawsuit obtained by our friends at TMZ :
" Traffic began to slow down and all vehicles came to a stop for traffic ahead ... the defendant 's car failed to stop , causing a chain collision involving four cars ... and causing serious injuries "
Advertisement
The plaintiffs ' shyster ambulance - chaser lawyer was quick to point out that he 's just looking for " just compensation " for his clients and their bumped bumper — which is why he 's looking for a quarter million for each plaintiff .
Paris Hilton Sued In Car Crash Case [ TMZ ]
Related :
Paparazzi Left Paris Hilton Dazed And Confused After Car Crash ; Momentarily Forgot Name And Address ; Paris Hilton 's Hit And Run : Breaking The Law Twice In LA ; So How Exactly Is Paris Hilton Handicapped ? [ internal ]
For years , the life - science companies - Monsanto , Syngenta , Bayer , Pioneer etc - have argued that genetically modified food is the next great scientific revolution in agriculture , and the only efficient and cheap way to feed a growing population in a shrinking world .
Non-governmental organisations - including the Foundation on Economic Trends , of which I am president - have been cast as the villains in this agricultural drama , and often categorised as modern versions of the Luddites , accused of continually blocking scientific and technological progress because of our opposition to GM food .
Now , in an ironic twist , new cutting - edge technologies have made gene splicing and transgenic crops obsolete and a serious impediment to scientific progress .
The new frontier is called genomics and the new agricultural technology is called marker - assisted selection ( MAS ) .
The new technology offers a sophisticated method to greatly accelerate classical breeding .
A growing number of scientists believe MAS - which is already being introduced into the market - will eventually replace GM food .
Moreover , environmental organisations that oppose GM crops are guardedly supportive of MAS technology .
Rapidly accumulating information about crop genomes is allowing scientists to identify genes associated with traits such as yield , and then scan crop relatives for the presence of those genes .
Instead of using molecular splicing techniques to transfer a gene from an unrelated species into the genome of a food crop to increase yield , resist pests or improve nutrition , scientists are now using MAS to locate desired traits in other varieties or wild relatives of a particular food crop , then crossbreeding those plants with the existing commercial varieties to improve the crop .
This greatly reduces the risk of environmental harm and potential adverse health effects associated with GM crops .
Using MAS , researchers can upgrade classical breeding , and cut by 50 % or more the time needed to develop new plant varieties by pinpointing appropriate plant partners at the gamete or seedling stage .
Using MAS , researchers in the Netherlands have developed a new lettuce variety resistant to an aphid that causes reduced and abnormal growth .
Researchers at the US department of agriculture have used MAS to develop a strain of rice that is soft on the outside but remains firm on the inside after processing .
Scientists in the UK and India have used MAS to develop pearl millet that is tolerant of drought and resistant to mildew .
The crop was introduced into the market in India in 2005 .
While MAS is emerging as a promising new agricultural technology with broad application , the limits of transgenic technology are becoming increasingly apparent .
Most of the transgenic crops introduced into the fields express only two traits , resistance to pests and compatibility with herbicides , and rely on the expression of a single gene - hardly the sweeping agricultural revolution touted by the life - science companies at the beginning of the GM era .
There is still much work to be done in understanding the choreography , for example , between single genetic markers and complex genetic clusters and environmental factors , all of which interact to affect the development of the plant and produce desirable outcomes such as improved yield and drought resistance .
Also , it should be noted that MAS is of value to the extent that it is used as part of a broader , agro-ecological approach to farming that integrates new crop introductions with a proper regard for all of the other environmental , economic and social factors that together determine the sustainability of farming .
The wrinkle is that the continued introduction of GM crops could contaminate existing plant varieties , making the new MAS technology more difficult to use .
A landmark 2004 survey conducted by the Union of Concerned Scientists found that non-GM seeds from three of America 's major agricultural crops - maize , soya beans and oil - seed rape - were already " pervasively contaminated with low levels of DNA sequences originating in genetically engineered varieties of these crops " .
Not surprisingly , MAS technology is being looked at with increasing interest within the European Union , where public opposition to GM food has remained resolute .
In a recent speech , Stavros Dimas , the EU 's environment commissioner , noted that " MAS technology is attracting considerable attention " and said that the EU " should not ignore the use of ' upgraded ' conventional varieties as an alternative to GM crops " .
As MAS becomes cheaper and easier to use , and as knowledge in genomics becomes more easily available over the next decade , plant breeders around the world will be able to exchange information about best practices and democratise the technology .
Already plant breeders are talking about " open source " genomics , envisioning the sharing of genes .
The struggle between a younger generation of sustainable - agriculture enthusiasts anxious to share genetic information and entrenched company scientists determined to maintain control over the world 's seed stocks through patent protection is likely to be hard - fought , especially in the developing world .
If properly used as part of a much larger systemic and holistic approach to sustainable agricultural development , MAS technology could be the right technology at the right time in history .
· Jeremy Rifkin is the author of The Biotech Century
jrifkin@foet.org
More allegations from EPA whistleblower Brian Beutler
Published : Thursday October 26 , 2006 Print This Email This An Environmental Protection Agency whistleblower who has long argued that her agency failed to issue proper warnings about air quality at the World Trade Center disaster site , has leveled new accusations against the agency , RAW STORY has learned .
As RAW STORY reported this past August , Cate Jenkins , an EPA biochemist , sent a letter to the New York congressional delegation , alleging that the inconsistent official reports about inhalant alkalinity were part of an intentional cover up by government scientists and officials .
Jenkins ' latest sixty - page document , addressed to the acting Inspector General of the EPA , is in large part a compilation of her previous allegations , but also claims to offer new evidence that criminal fraud is to blame .
In the latest report , Jenkins contends that by failing to report that some of the particulates in the air constituted a severe health hazard -- and by suppressing the results of tests for the presence of other toxic chemicals -- the EPA misled the public about the dire health consequences of remaining near ground zero or participating in the clean - up effort in the days following the attack .
Tens of thousands of cases of lung disease have reportedly resulted from exposure to the smoke and pulverized debris that hovered in the vicinity of the disaster site for months after the towers collapsed .
Earlier this year , federal judge Deborah Batts ruled that then - EPA director Christine Todd Whitman had misled residents and rescuers when she pronounced that the air quality in lower Manhattan met public safety standards and necessitated neither a surgical mask nor a respirator .
John Manibusan , spokesman for the office of the Inspector General , told RAW STORY that he had not yet received the complaint , but added ,  [ Jenkins ] has issued a number of complaints to our office , about the World Trade Center and other things .
We always take a look at them .
In some cases we issue a response .
How long that takes depends on a lot of factors .
Manibusan directed Raw to a 2004 official response to earlier Jenkins allegations of a conflict of interest in the peer review of EPA 's assesment of ground - zero health hazards .
That investigation found that though the EPA 's Contractor did not inquire whether the three panelists had received funding from industry or had publically expressed viewpoints on the issues to be reviewed ,  they did not find that the panel 's input was biased ,  or that any of the panelists should have been excluded from participating .
Jenkins ' full memorandom may be read here .
BEIJING
The word from the village of Dongzhou was growing dire last December 6 .
Security officers were clashing with residents over the local government ’s seizure of land for a power plant .
Official force , villagers said , was escalating .
“ I called them every hour , and it kept getting worse .
First it was tear gas , then there was shooting , then two dead , then more , ” said Ding Xiao , the 23 - year - old Hong Kong - based reporter who broke news of the violent crackdown for U.S. broadcaster Radio Free Asia .
The crack of gunfire could be heard in tapes of her phone calls to residents of the village near Shanwei , in southern China ’s Guangdong province .
“ They were asking for help .
They said , ‘ Please call the central government to ask for help .
We have called , but there was no response . ' ”
Following Ding ’s report , the crackdown got wide attention outside of China .
But print and broadcast media on the mainland were instructed to carry only a belated official account defending the use of force against the protesters .
The death toll is still unknown ; the government reported that three were killed , but human rights organizations have said the actual number may be much higher .
Dongzhou villagers have been under tight surveillance since December and have been warned to keep silent on threat of punishment .
This policy of enforced silence has come to define the central government ’s approach to widespread rural unrest , China ’s most salient domestic issue .
Fearing that news of land disputes and other civil discontent could fuel a united threat to its authority , the Communist Party government has undertaken one of the biggest media crackdowns since the aftermath of the 1989 Tiananmen Square pro-democracy demonstrations .
“ Mass incidents ” is the term the Chinese government uses to describe demonstrations , riots , and group petitioning .
In January 2006 , the Ministry of Public Security announced that there were 87,000 such incidents in 2005 , a 6.6 percent increase over the previous year .
Protests over corruption , taxes , and environmental degradation caused by China ’s breakneck economic development contributed to the rise .
But some of the most highly charged disputes have occurred over government seizure of farmland for construction of the factories , power plants , shopping malls , roads , and apartment complexes that are fueling China ’s boom .
In a speech published by state media in January , Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao warned that local officials ’ requisition of land without adequate compensation or arrangements for the livelihood of farmers was threatening social stability .
“ We absolutely cannot commit an historic error over land problems , ” Wen said .
But while putting the blame on local governments , central authorities have robbed rural residents of a way of holding officials accountable .
“ News of mass incidents cannot be reported , ” Li Datong said simply .
The former chief editor of Bing Dian , a pioneering supplement to the Beijing - based China Youth Daily , Li has effectively been out of a job since February when he and Deputy Editor Lu Yuegang were removed from their posts following criticism by the Central Propaganda Department ’s News Commentary Group , a group of retired officials that issues regular pronouncements intended to guide China ’s system of self - censorship .
Li said that he , like other editors of national publications , was told by his employers not to publish anything about the December crackdown at Dongzhou .
Some journalists in Guangdong province told CPJ that they received specific do - not - report orders on the land dispute long before it escalated into violence .
Censorship in China does not involve prepublication monitoring of the news , and most journalists never hear directly from the Central Propaganda Department .
Instead , the system relies on the heads of each news outlet to interpret instructions and comments from local and central propaganda authorities , to spike stories that might generate criticism , or to turn news articles into “ internal reports ” that reach only an elite audience of high - level officials and others who have received security clearance .
Until recently , some in - depth reporting on land grabs , corruption , and other local issues could be done , ironically enough , by journalists from outside the local area .
These reporters , if they moved fast enough , could file at least a few , relatively uncensored reports before local propaganda officials would be able to alert central authorities to shut down nationwide coverage .
Central authorities banned this reporting practice– known as yidi baodao , or cross-territorial reporting –last year .
Reporters told CPJ that the ban , while applied unevenly , has had a profound impact .
The decree has compelled editors to rein in some of their strongest investigative reporters , and has empowered local officials to harass , intimidate , and block access to journalists who were once beyond the censor ’s grasp .
One journalist told CPJ that after traveling to the site of a land dispute that had erupted into violence , she argued at length with local propaganda authorities who refused her access to government officials and instructed her not to report the matter .
Unfazed , she continued her reporting , sneaking through fields and past police roadblocks to interview witnesses .
She filed the story only to be told by her editor that the recent ban on yidi baodao meant her work could not be published .
“ I was so angry , I did n’t sleep for two days , ” said the journalist , who spoke to CPJ on condition of anonymity because she feared reprisals .
She recalls pleading with her boss , “ Do you know how difficult it was for me to report this ? ”
Technology in the hands of ordinary Chinese citizens makes suppressing news of protests more difficult .
Protesters use cell phones , text messages , and digital video cameras to document events and to alert the media , which they often see as a means to communicate with central authorities .
They also make news outlets a regular stop on trips to the capital to petition the central government to address grievances about local officials .
But Chinese journalists told CPJ that the Internet is by far the greatest source of such information .
Though the postings are quickly removed and are rarely prominently placed on blogs and the threads of Web bulletin boards , reports of land disputes and other protests can be found online for those willing to search .
Technology prevented one rural crackdown from remaining a secret .
Before dawn on June 11 , 2005 , hundreds of men armed with pipes , hook knives , and guns descended on a makeshift encampment set up by residents of Dingzhou , in northern China ’s Hebei Province , to prevent construction of a power plant .
Six farmers were killed in the attack , and dozens more were seriously injured .
The killed and injured had been protesting the government ’s low compensation for land requisitioned for the project .
A farmer with a digital video camera captured three minutes of the attack before he was spotted , his camera smashed , and his arm broken .
Villagers told a Beijing News reporter that friends of the injured farmer carried him 2 kilometers ( 1 mile ) to safety and managed to save his videotape .
It later appeared on the Web site of The Washington Post , showing a dark , medieval - looking assault by men in hard hats , ravaging the encampments with brutal force and chasing villagers across the dirt field .
The Beijing News reporter who broke the news succeeded in publishing a series of un - bylined accounts in his newspaper before the Central Propaganda Department shut down all coverage a few days later .
His reports detailed the attack and the government ’s response .
Even more enlightening were the field notes the reporter posted anonymously online , detailing what he went through to report the story .
His notes made the rounds among journalists in China , and were translated into English by Hong Kong - based blogger Roland Soong for his site EastSouthWestNorth .
In the notes , the journalist describes his efforts to convince the villagers to repeat their story , though other reporters had come and gone without publishing a word .
He describes sneaking into a nearby hospital where several victims were being treated for serious injuries–and where plainclothes police harassed and interrogated him .
“ At around midnight , ” he wrote , according to Soong ’s translation , “ the articles and the photos had reached Beijing .
I was happy .
At that moment , I realized that my clothes were soaking wet in sweat . ”
He continued : “ My friend asked me why I took so much trouble and risk .
‘ How much money did I earn ? ’
I did not know how to respond .
I could only tell her from my heart that I really was not thinking about how much money I would make .
I only want to report this incident and let people know that such a thing happened there . ”
Even the limited attention paid to Dingzhou spurred central authorities to take action .
Four men were sentenced to death for their role in the Dingzhou attack , and the local party secretary and two contractors received life sentences for ordering the raid .
A handful of journalists , including blogger Li Xinde , have made online reporting their full - time work .
Li moves around the country with laptop in hand , writing exposés of local corruption .
Officials ’ threats of legal action have plagued him , but Li does not consider himself a dissident and believes that he has the protection of Chinese law .
“ I ’m honest , so I have nothing to fear , ” he told CPJ a few hours after disembarking from an early morning train in Beijing , en route to another story in another town .
“ The constitution protects me . ”
Still , the central government has sought to limit his influence .
Li ’s blog is often blocked , forcing him to change Web addresses frequently .
Postings on sensitive subjects disappear shortly after they ’re written , so Li must depend on an audience highly motivated to read banned news .
Foreign reporters are also subject to state harassment while covering rural protests .
Several of these journalists told CPJ that police interrogations and brief detentions are common , and that potential sources are warned not to talk to the media .
A number of foreign reporters were roughed up while covering unrest in the southern village of Taishi last fall .
And , most disturbing to many foreign journalists , their Chinese translators , assistants , and fixers are harassed and interrogated by state security agents .
Some see the imprisonment in 2004 of New York Times researcher Zhao Yan as a warning to the foreign press corps–and their local staffs – that they , too , should heed the lines of censorship set by the Chinese government .
With the traditional press tightly controlled , the job of reporting on rural protests and mass disturbances has been taken up increasingly by members of China ’s emergent civil society–activists , lawyers , and intellectuals who believe strongly that the information deserves a place in the public debate , and who work outside the censorship machine .
“ Farmers want to use the media , but the media ca n’t report their issues .
Often , with the help of scholars and lawyers , the news comes out in overseas Web sites , ” said Beijing - based legal scholar Li Baiguang , who has traveled the country educating farmers on their rights to pursue legal redress .
This kind of samizdat press relies heavily on the Internet , a point not lost on the central government , which issued a fresh set of Web restrictions in September 2005 .
Added to the list of banned content–which already included news and commentary that harmed state security or made reference to banned religious sects such as the Falun Gong–were material that “ illegally incites ” gatherings or demonstrations , and material distributed in the name of “ illegal civil organizations . ”
The additions were a clear attempt to clamp down on the use of technology to organize and report on rural discontent .
The government ’s harder line was evident in fall 2005 , when it cracked down on activists ’ efforts to aid and document a campaign by residents of Taishi–a dusty village at the ragged edges of Guangzhou , one of China ’s richest cities –to oust their top elected official , Chen Jinsheng .
Villagers had initiated a peaceful signature campaign to recall Chen , whom they accused of misconduct in the sale of land to developers .
Afraid that local officials would attempt to remove evidence of corruption , residents took shifts to guard the village budget office .
In August , police raided the village for the first time and beat some of the residents , including an elderly woman named Feng Zhen .
Villagers organized a hunger strike in protest and , by September 7 , they were putting their signatures on a petition to hold a recall election .
Print and broadcast media in the southern city made a strong initial effort to cover the recall .
Southern Metropolis
News chronicled the campaign in a series of articles , including a two - page spread topped by a striking photograph of Feng speaking into a bullhorn .
The piece appeared on September 12 – the same day that hundreds of riot police used water cannons to disperse the squatters at the budget office , arrested villagers , and confiscated documents .
Much of the ensuing coverage was heavily edited for ideological correctness .
By mid-September , editors in Guangzhou had received orders from propaganda officials that Taishi coverage was over ; henceforth only official reports would be published .
Online reports had also provided timely , if emotionally charged , information about the village campaign .
Beijing - based activist Yang Maodong , under the pen name Guo Feixiong , was among several legal scholars posting regular dispatches and essays on Internet bulletin board systems such as the popular Yannan .
It was this set of activists and scholars , along with the villagers themselves , who eventually bore the brunt of the government crackdown at Taishi .
On September 13 , Guo disappeared .
Villagers reported seeing him in a detention center , huddled under a blanket .
Local authorities accused him of “ sending news overseas ” and “ gathering crowds to disturb social order . ”
They force - fed him when he refused to eat .
Two weeks later , authorities shut down Yannan after removing all content related to Taishi .
It was clear by that time that local officials had the support of the central government .
Police and young men on motorcycles roamed the village , harassing and assaulting any activist , lawyer , or journalist who turned up .
In October , newspapers in southern China carried an official version of the incidents at Taishi that blamed the recall attempt on a misunderstanding caused by a few troublemakers .
“ Faced with the facts , ” this account read , “ most villagers realized that the original reasons for the recall no longer existed and therefore told the village recall committee that they wished to withdraw the motion . ”
Some Guangzhou - based journalists who covered events at Taishi remain under government surveillance , and an editor at Southern Metropolis News was sacked .
The activist Guo was released from jail in December but now lives under the watch of state security agents who track his moves and his communications .
He has been beaten several times by police and hired thugs , prompting dissident lawyer Gao Zhisheng to organize a hunger strike in protest .
Dozens of activists involved in the hunger strike have disappeared .
The Taishi demonstrations were among the mere handful of “ mass incidents ” to reach the public eye last year , and some journalists believe that the crackdown on coverage there signaled a turning point in the government ’s attitude .
To the extent that there was some latitude for the media before Taishi , it was gone by the time the People ’s Armed Police shot villagers in Dongzhou last December .
And this could have a devastating effect across China ’s countryside .
Li , the former Bing Dian editor , said the deadly force unleashed by officials in Dongzhou would have been far less likely had the press been allowed to work freely .
“ If there had been public attention , ” he said , “ it would not have happened the way it did . ”
Kako naredimo dobro PowerPoint predstavitev ?
21 septembra , 2006 at 11:41 dop
Kako naredimo dobro PowerPoint predstavitev ?
Ste bili kdaj na kakšni predstavitvi , ki vas je navdušila ?
In ste bili kdaj na kakšni , kjer ste kljub pomembnosti vsebine skoraj umrli od dolgega časa ?
Ste kdaj bili na predstavitvi , kjer je predavatelj direktno bral besedilo , zapisano na zaslonu ?
Ste se hahljali ob zatipkanih slovničnih napakah sicer nadvse uglednega in spoštovanega predavatelja ?
Je predavatelj predaval dve uri skupaj , v premalo zatemnjeni predavalnici , za predlogo pa je imel zeleno podlago s kričeče rdečimi in načičkanimi črkami ?
Zdaj veste , zakaj vam želim podati nekaj osnovnih smernic , kako narediti res dobro PowerPoint predstavitev .
Mojo prvo , za katero sem porabila ure in ure dela , sem poslala v pregled prijateljici , ki dela v oglaševalski agenciji .
Naročila sem ji , naj mi naravnost pove , kaj lahko naredim bolje in kaj sem naredila napačno .
No ja , čisto nič ni bilo narejeno prav ali dovolj dobro .
Kar sem sprejela pozitivno , saj ni bil pomemben moj ego ampak to , da bom naredila res dobro predstavitev .
Moja prijazna N. mi je povedala , da je v moji predstavitvi preveč besedila , premalo slik , slike bi morale biti bolje obdelane , z neko skupno kontinuiteto , prevelik logo za ozadje predloge , preveč kričeče ozadje , premajhne črke in neprimerna izbira barv .
Z njeno pomočjo sem zadevo popravila in na moje prvem predavanju dosegla z njo res lep uspeh .
Kakšna je torej uspešna predstavitev ?
Takšna , kjer poslušalcem in gledalcem tekoče podaš zanimivo vsebino , ki ima svoj uvod , jedro in zaključek in ne preskakuješ med temami , pripoved mora biti tekoča .
Takšna , kjer ljudem – ne samo da jim predavaš – ampak z njimi komuniciraš .
Ljudi objemaš s pogledom in jih opazuješ ter jih spodbudiš k sodelovanju .
Ko opaziš , da jim zbranost popušča ali da se začenjajo dolgočasiti ( npr. če je predavanje kar dve uri skupaj ) , poskrbiš za primerne t.i. ice - breakers , pa če je tematika še tako resna .
To jih sprosti in potegne nazaj k pozornosti .
Moje prvo predavanje je trajalo dve uri , predavala sem sto ljudem , tudi tematika je bila zelo zahtevna .
Zato sem načrtno na predvidenih petnajst minut postavila zanimivo sliko ( ob pogledu nanjo je zavr šalo po predavalnici ) , kak šno vprašanje , ki je terjalo sodelovanje in odgovore občinstva ali kakšno tematiki primerno šalo .
Vsebina predstavitve je zelo pomembna .
Prav tako nastop .
Pomembno pa je tudi , kako je predstavitev narejena in kako izgleda .
Izdelave predstavitve se lotite z jasno predstavo , kaj in kako želite povedati .
Preden se lotite diapozitivov , si pripravite osnovni načrt ali scenarij , kako bo predstavitev potekala .
Ne , ne , ne !
Prvo pravilo : manj je več
bolje manj informacij kot preveč
manj besedila na enem diapozitivu , uporabljajte ključne besede
največ pet točk in pet do šest besed v točki
ne uporabljajte posebnih zvočnih in slikovnih efektov
ne uporabljajte preveč animacijskih prehodov med zasloni
če uporabljate animacijske prehode , naj bodo hitri
če želite posebej poudariti povedano , ne uporabljajte pisave ODEBELJENO ampak pomembnemu delu besedila namenite svoj diapozitiv
nikoli , prav nikoli , ne berite teksta direktno z diapozitiva .
Majčkeno bolje !
Se vam zdi dolgočasno ?
Drugo pravilo : oblika je pomembna .
vsi diapozitivi naj imajo enotno predlogo z enakimi barvnimi ozadji , črkami , oblikami odstavkov
omejite število besed na zaslonu
uporabljajte največ dve do tri barve za pisave ( npr. naslovi so ene barve , tekst druge )
bodite pozorni na odstavke , da niso preveč zamaknjeni
ne postavljajte teksta na sredino diapozitiva
izogibajte se pisanju z velikimi črkami
besedilo in ozadje naj bo v kontrastnih barvah , da bo dobro vidno .
Najboljši je temen tekst na svetlem ozadju .
pri resnih predstavitvah se še posebej izogibajte uporabi posebnih efektov in letečih črk
omejite število diapozitivov , naj velja pravilo : en diapozitiv na eno minuto .
uporabljajte čiste , enostavne tipe črk , kot so Arial , Verdana , Sans Serif ipd .
uporabljajte največ dva različna tipa pisav
črke naj bodo dovolj velike , da jih bodo lahko prebrali iz zadnje vrste ( najmanj vsaj 28 pik za osnovni tekst in vsaj 36 do 40 pik za naslove )
v tekstu ne uporabljajte preveč funkcij iz WordArt , npr. inicialk , pobarvanih in osenčenih delov besedil
ozadja naj ne vsebujejo velikih , grafičnih slik , ker besedilo lahko postane nepregledno
če želite del besedila posebej poudariti , uporabite funkcijo odebeljeno , ne pa podčrtano ali poševno
ne uporabljajte gostih teksturnih ozadij , naj bodo enostavna
slike pred vstavitvijo pomanjšajte , da ne bo predstavitev v preveliki datoteki
grafi in diagrami naj bodo poenostavljeni , uporabljajte raje grafe kot tabele
Preveč besedila !
Neurejeno !
Skrbno izbirajte barve ozadij .
Zelena je bolj sproščujoča , rdeča in rumena sta bolj agresivni , modra je lahko žalostna in dolgočasna , črna lahko izraža moč , itd … Seveda ne potrebujete Feng Shuija , da bi izbrali pravilne barve , ampak določene barve imajo na ljudi določen učinek .
Od vaše teme in dolžine predavanja je odvisno , kak šno barvo boste izbrali .
Rdeče besedilo na zeleni podlagi je primerno za božično čestitko , nikakor pa ni primerno za resno predavanje .
Podoben učinek doseže svetlo modro besedilo na rumeni podlagi ali rumenim besedilom na beli podlagi .
Temno besedilo na svetli podlagi je lažje brati in zgleda bolj sofisticirano .
Naše oči najlažje sprejemajo črno besedilo na beli podlagi .
Že malo bolje .
Tretje pravilo : dobro poznavanje PowerPointa in računalnika
Sredi predstavitve se vam lahko zgodi , da kaj prehitro stisnete in vam kakšna slika uide preveč naprej ali se je potrebno vrniti nazaj na kak šno drugo sliko .
Naučite se navigiranja v PowerPointu , da ne boste sredi predstavitve pred dvesto ljudmi zmedeno iskali prvega računalničarja .
V primeru tehničnih težav imejte pripravljen plan B. Npr. predstavitev imejte tako na USB ključku , kot na CDromu , oboje pa že odprto v orodni vrstici .
Če se le da , pa poganjajte predstavitev s trdega diska .
Pogon s Floppyja lahko močno upočasni predstavitev .
Prosim , ne tako !
Četrto pravilo : pripravite se prej .
Če je le možno , naredite generalko .
Pred predavanjem se prepričajte , ali lahko gledalci v zadnji vrsti berejo tekst na zaslonu .
Lahko se tudi zgodi , da ima računalnik , ki ga imate na razpolago povsem drugačne črke in nastavitve v PowerPointu , morda ne bo prepoznal vaših animacij in bo cela predstavitev zgledala katastrofalno .
Ne opravičujte se gledalcem zaradi napak v vaši predstavitvi , za to bi morali poskrbeti prej in gledalci jih bodo opazili tako ali drugače .
Kaj sem rekla !?!
Peto pravilo : ne berite z zaslona .
Vedno glejte proti gledalcem , nikoli jim ne kažite hrbta .
Govorite namreč gledalcem , ne svojim diapozitivom .
Prav tako se ne spodobi , da se hahljate svojim pogruntavščinam , ostanite resni .
Nikoli ne berite besedila z diapozitiva na glas , občinstvo ga bo že samo prebralo hitreje od vas .
Šesto pravilo : besedilo naj bo napisano slovnično pravilno .
Lahko je tematika še tako zanimiva in pomembna , profesor še tako ugleden , a če ima njegova predstavitev veliko slovničnih napak , bo to naredilo nadvse slab vtis in odvrnilo pozornost od primarnega sporočila .
Zato narejeno predstavitev pilite , popravljajte in pilite .
Uporabljajte črkovalnik .
Predstavitev dajte v pregled prijatelju ali lektorju , ki bo opazil napake , ki so vam ušle .
Izogibajte se slengu .
Natisnite predstavitev na papir in še enkrat preglejte besedilo , na zaslonu nam marsikakšna napakica uide .
Sedmo pravilo : ne prehitro / ne prepočasi
Če je tematika predstavitve zelo komplicirana , ne skušajte stlačiti čim več v določen čas in ne govorite prehitro .
Bolje je govoriti malo počasneje , kakor prehitro .
Če menite , da s predstavitvijo v omejenem času ne morete podati dovolj informacij , poskrbite za to , da občinstvo dobi tudi natisnjeno besedilo .
Na pomoč !!!
Osmo pravilo : tri na enega
Če pripravljate predstavitev iz že narejenega besedila , naj velja , da naredite tri diapozitive za besedilo , zapisano na A4 listu .
Deveto pravilo : uporaba drugih pripomočkov
Nekateri predavatelji radi uporabljajo laserski kazalček .
Uporabljajte ga izredno omejeno , res le tam , kjer morate pokazati to čno določen del na grafu ali v tabeli .
Še posebej ga ne uporabljajte , če se vam močno tresejo roke zaradi treme 🙂
Občinstvo namreč skače s pogledom po šviganju laserske pike sem in tja in ni osredotočeno na poudarjen del .
S pomočjo zgornjih navodil boste ustvarili profesionalno predstavitev .
Nikar pa ne pozabite narediti dodatne varnostne kopije ali revizijskih kopij .
Iz lastne izkušnje vem , kako hudo je , če en sam dan pred pomembno predstavitvijo , povsem po neumnosti , izgubiš trdo delo celega meseca .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Všečkaj : Všeč mi je Nalaganje ...
Povezano
Entry filed under : Računalniške .
______________________________
Lists are often arbitrary and this one is no different .
It springs from my tastes and my opinions and I wo n’t be surprised if some visitors to this website feel strongly that I have overlooked movies they think should be included .
In that regard , I welcome your suggestions but let ’s set some guidelines .
For me , the movies that populate my list are not those that contain extraordinary special effects or extended dolly or crane shots .
Nor are they films that necessarily contain great acting though the blend of great visuals and admirable acting often do seem to go hand in hand .
There have been many great movies over the years , of course , but only a small number I think are able to visually inspire a still photographer .
In my opinion , the qualities of such movies include quality of light , first and foremost , but also fetching composition and , sometimes , camera effects .
The most inspirational movies for still photographers often possess powerful and memorable scenes that make you wish you were there with a camera to capture some of the magic moments .
Indeed , if I watch a movie and am left with an urge to go take pictures , it ’s one of the factors that make it a contender for my list of movies worth recommending .
By the way , as my list suggests ( lots of foreign movies ) , I ’m not bothered by subtitles .
Most of the films listed below are available on DVD but some are admittedly hard to find .
The Conformist , for example , cannot be found in my experience except through rare copies offered at high prices on Amazon.com .
Likewise , Raise the Red Lanterncan be hard to locate although the owner of my local video store got one in a week through a Hong Kong contact .
The quality is excellent .
Many of these films mentioned here are not available through your average video store .
In bigger cities , you can usually find a specialty outlet that caters to more art - house tastes through rentals or sales .
Of course , there is always Google and the chance to undertake some Internet sleuthing to locate a copy of your own .
Here then is my alphabetical list ofTen Movies Every Photographer Should Seesoon to be followed by a list of Honourable Mentions .
If you wish to add a recommendation or comment , you can e-mail me atstottshot@rogers.com .
______________________________________
Baraka
Baraka ( 1992 ) –
In a review written several years ago , the author declared that this was his choice of a film for a desert island .
If he had just one movie to take along to an isolated refuge away from the human race , this would be it .
Certainly it would be one of my candidates as well .
The movie has no plot but it ’s anchored by a riveting stream of images shot over 14 months in 6 continents and 24 countries .
A three - person crew , led by director and cinematographer Ron Fricke , employed a $ 4 million ( U.S. ) budget to capture scenes of beauty , mystery and destruction in the expensive TODD - AQ 70 mm format .
Throw in a hypnotic soundtrack and you ’ve got a 93 - minute feast for the eyes and ears .
Barakacontains at least several dozen scenes any photographer would love to have captured digitally or on film .
One minute you ’re mesmerized by images of the very human - like faces of Macaque monkeys immersed in hot springs in snowy Japanese mountains and sometime later you ’re watching burning - of - the - dead ceremonies on the Ganges River or Whirling Dirvishes spin in what I believe is a Syrian temple .
It ’s all very captivating although the film is probably best viewed in two or three viewings because there is almost too much to absorb in a single viewing .
For movie - goers who insist on a beginning , middle and an end , Barakamight be a little bewildering because there is no narration or explanation and there is often little context except , for example , that the viewer might know intuitively that certain scenes were shot in , say , Asia or Australia .
While nature and exotic location photography anchor this movie , Fricke employed a computer - controlled camera to record some wonderful time - lapse shots in congested locations such as Manhattan at rush hour or Tokyo on the crowded subway platforms .
These are scenes that illustrate motion but they are also reminders that still photographers can capture motion through the use of time - lapse exposures as well .
It ’s no surprise that this film was supplemented by a nicely - printed and handsome coffee - table book .
It compliments the movie and photographer Mark Magidson describes the move - making process and shows the people and equipment that made the film along with a variety of images in both black and white and colour .
If the film seems a little derivative to some , it ’s probably because it bears a resemblance toKoyaanisqatsi , a 1983 movie that was the first film of the type to dish up a well - constructed sequence of music - laced world scenes .
Not coincidentally , Koyaanisqatsiwas filmed and edited by Ron Fricke .
Baraka is an ancient Sufi word which can be translated , in part , as " a blessing " .
The film is just that , a gift to anyone who appreciates visual artistry .
Prepare to be inspired .
______________________________________
Barry Lyndon
Barry Lyndon ( 1975 ) – Okay , who out there has an f 0.7 lens ?
Well , among still photographers no one I know has such a treasure and even in the richly financed movie industry , such an extraordinary piece of glass is very rare , possibly limited to just one – the one director Stanley Kubrick used to film the lingering candlelit scenes inBarry Lyndon .
For these moments , Kubrick had a 50 mm lens built for NASA by the Carl Zeiss Company modified with a Kollmorgen adaptor used in still cameras .
No artificial lighting was used with all the illumination coming from the candles .
The warm light generated by the candles creates a compelling painterly look that is reminiscent of Thomas Gainsborough and other artists of the era in which this movie is set .
The movie focuses on the exploits of a scheming Irish rogue who wins the heart ( and fortune ) of a rich widow and makes a sideways entrance into 18th century aristocracy .
There are some powerful battle and dueling scenes but it is the candlelit scenes and meticulous composition that hold visual sway for photographers .
The frame is often held and the action allowed to develop within it .
Often landscapes rather than people dominate the screen .
Barry Lyndon is played by Ryan O’Neal who was never a great actor in my view but who , nevertheless , manages to capture the rakish failings of a man who does n’t have the moral compass to match his lofty ambitions .
Barry Lyndon won several awards including Academy Awards for Best Cinematography ( the late John Alcott ) and Best Art Direction & Set Direction and The Best Cinematography Award by the British Society of Cinematographers .
The film runs 184 minutes .
In those three hours and a bit , I counted at least 22 scenes I would like to have recorded with a still camera .
It is impossible not to watch this movie and not want to indulge in some portraiture of your own employing candles , perhaps employing a few reflectors to spread the light .
______________________________________
The Conformist
The Conformist ( 1970 ) – I saw this movie three times before I was able to fully digest the complicated – some would say disjointed – plot that revolves around the story of an ambitious professor in Italy in the late 1930s and early 1940s .
It ’s a time when Mussolini has risen to power and the professor conveniently declares himself a fascist .
His commitment gets tested later , however , when he gets involved with the secret police and is given as assignment to murder one of his former university teachers who leads an anti-fascist resistance group .
Disturbing psychological themes and sexual undertones abound .
Freud almost deserves a credit on this film .
While director Bernardo Bertolucci did n’t cater to viewers with a traditional beginning , middle and an end ( the movie jumps around , as I said ) , what makes the movie irresistible is the inspired and daring cinematography of Vittorio Storaro and the vision of Bertolucci .
The movie features some of the most dramatic use of light and shadow I ’ve seen .
Often , unusual shooting angles or the use of filters to tint colours heighten the visual tension .
Many scenes from the movie stay with me still such as the windshield wipers of a car sweeping across a window or sunlight streaming through a forest or the daunting interior scenes of Mussolini ’s art - deco headquarters .
Some of these scenes manage to be both beautiful and creepy and they are always powerful and often surreal .
Still today , 35 years after it was released , this film is capable of inspiring a still photographer to think outside the box – to create compositions that defy convention .
The movie is arguably Bertolucci ’s most intriguingly photographed film although some viewers might feel another Bertolucci movie , The Last Emperor ( also on my list ) , is a more elegant contender for that honour .
______________________________________
Days of Heaven
Days of Heaven ( 1978 ) – Still Photographers are often reminded that the best times to shoot are the " magic hours " , the time around dawn and dusk .
These are the times when the light is warm , low and flattering to its subject .
Movie directors enjoy the magic hours too but they have significant constraints such as budget and plot and onerous schedules .
It would cost a fortune to have highly - paid actors and crew waiting around just to shoot their scenes for one or two hours a day when it might not advance the plot .
Nevertheless , back in 1978 , shooting a film almost exclusively in the " magic hours " is just what director Terence Malick did in a remarkable film called Days of Heaven .
Telling a story about a love triangle in the early 20th century , Malick employed the talents of two of the greatest cinematographers at the time , Nestor Almendros and , to a lesser extent , Haskell Wexler .
For much of the film , the decision was made to only shoot during the " magic hours " and it paid off : Days of Heavenand Almendros won Best Cinematography at the 1978 Academy Awards .
While the movie opens in a Chicago steel mill , the heart of the film ostensibly takes place in Texas farm country when three of the main characters in the movie , including a young Richard Gere and Brooke Adams , join a wave of itinerant workers following the farm season .
In reality , the sweeping farm scenes were shot in the rolling plains of southern Alberta which has never looked more evocative .
Fields of wheat ripple sensuously in golden light , a grand farm house often anchors simple , elegant compositions and trains packed with workers cut ribbons through a dreamy agricultural landscape .
The beauty comes under siege though when swarms of locusts descend on the landscape and fires started to control the plague get out of control .
Almendros , who started as a still photographer , builds visual tension with close - ups of the grasshoppers intercut with tight shots of torches and he makes the scenes go from warm and romantic to hot and dangerous .
Tension is also heightened by the plot which has Richard Gere ’s character getting trapped in a deception of his own making when he pretends to be the brother of Brooke Adams rather than her lover .
Adams moves in and gets cozy with the terminally - ill owner of the vast farm where they find employment and while it starts out as a way for Gere and Adams to inherit the farm , things do n’t go as planned .
In all , the movie presents some low - key quirky acting but it ’s really the visuals that reward the viewer .
A bonus is the soundtrack of Ennio Morricone , one of my favourite composers .
Here are a couple of relevant quotes from Nestor Almendros given not long after the Days of Heaven was completed :
Terence Malick told me it would be a very visual movie , the story would be told through visuals .
Very few people really want to give that priority to image .
Usually the director gives priority to the actors and the story but here the story was told through images .
In this period there was no electricity , It was before electricity was invented and consequently there was less light .
Period movies should have less light .
In a period movie the light should come from the windows because that is how people lived .
" Magic hour is a euphemism , because it ’s not an hour but around 25 minutes at the most .
It is the moment when the sun sets and after the sun sets and before it is night , the sky has light but there is no actual sun .
The light is very soft and there is something magic about it .
It limited us to around twenty minutes a day but it did pay on the screen .
It gave some kind of magic look , a beauty and romanticism . "
______________________________________
Dreams
Dreams ( 1990 ) – I t’s a challenge to pick one film by Japanese director Akira Kurosawa that ranks as my visual favourite .
He was very prolific in his lifetime and he displayed a knack for potent cinematography but , without a doubt , Dreamsremains the most haunting of his films for me .
In fact , Dreamsis eight short films , some quite melancholy and all born from his actual dreams and memories .
The surreal , ethereal visuals in each of them is quite breathtaking .
The mystical tone of the film is set in the first vignette when a boy witnesses an eerie procession of fox spirits in a wedding procession .
It ’s visual poetry .
Another vignette involves a party of mountain climbers struggling through a fierce blizzard .
Another section includes a man , a former military leader , who encounters the ghosts of Japanese soldiers he once commanded in a lonely tunnel .
It ’s chilling to the bone .
The same man is seen in the next vignette as he wanders through a Van Gogh painting and encounters the famous artist ( played by Martin Scorsese ) .
What this movie offers still photographers is imagination .
I am guilty , as many photographers are , of sometimes failing to wring the most out of my creative instincts .
Going beyond the tried and true is always a challenge .
Commercial and editorial mandates do n’t always allow a photographer to blend illusion or fantasy or artistic licence into an image but it ’s my belief that we should always try to pursue at least some personal work that displays creative flourish and imagination .
We need more images that mirror , more or less , what is conceived in the mind ’s eye .
Kurosawa did this with a far - ranging colour palette that swings from the bland to the bold .
He did it with purpose and the discretion of a master but several of his films – this one especially – illustrate the joys of constructive whimsy .
For me , Dreamstells me to play in the photographic sandbox a little more .
______________________________________
The Last Emperor
The Last Emperor ( 1987 ) –Bernardo Bertolucci faced an enormous challenge when he decided to tackle the true story of Pu Yi , the last ruler of the 300 year old Chinese Ching Dynasty .
Spanning the years 1908 to 1967 , Bertolucci was successful in turning the story of Pu Yi into a compelling ( and tragic ) historical epic .
One of the very effective cinematic tools in the movie is the use of colour .
Bertolucci and cinematographer Vittorio Storaro employed very specific colour palettes to symbolically reinforce and illustrate moods .
Indeed , it ’s been said the real star of the film Storaro ’s cinematography and certainly such deliberate and brilliant use of colour is one of the reasons the movie won many Academy Awards including Best Cinematography .
The film also serves to remind any visual artist of the power of colour to influence the response of the viewer .
Scenes from Pu
Yi’s childhood , when his life was vibrant and literally colourful , for example , are enhanced by bright warm colours such as orange and yellow .
Indeed , Pu Yi , wrote in his autobiography that as a boy he believed everything was yellow because he saw so much of it .
Scenes set in chilly Manchuria incorporate lots of cool indigo while scenes of the emperor ’s imprisonment and " re-education " during the sterile Maoist era are almost devoid of colour .
When his English tutor arrives ( played by Peter O’Toole ) , we see green for the first time .
It ’s the colour of knowledge .
Scenes of Pu Yi in his latter years have a more balanced spectrum of colours which reflect his life at the time as well as the political and cultural climate .
The first time red is seen in the film is when blood fills a sink in a suicide scene .
The topic of colour in the film was the subject of an essay in the book , Bertolucci ’s The Last Emperor : Multiple Takes ( 1998 ) in which Storaro explains how he exercised the psychology of colour .
In the DVD , Vision of Light ( which is reviewed below ) , Storaro also comments briefly on his use of colour in the movie .
Photographers can benefit from this movie by being reminded that colour is rarely incidental in an image .
It may be subtle or it may be bold but it can engage the viewer ( and photographer ) in ways that often appeal to the sub-conscious .
An additional benefit for those of us who have had the opportunity to visit or photograph The Forbidden City in Beijing is the way in which the movie recreates part of the past of the venerable and hallowed structure .
For those with stamina , there is a director ’s cut of The Last Emperoravailable on DVD .
It runs 219 minutes but I have heard at least once that the picture quality is less than ideal in places .
______________________________________
Raise the Red Lantern
Raise the Red Lantern ( 1991 ) – LikeThe Last Emperorreviewed above , Raise the Red Lanternprovides insight into China ’s not - so - distant history .
The difference is that The Last Emperorwas directed by an outsider , Italian Bernardo Bertolucci , with the cooperation and approval of the Chinese government , whileRaise the Red Lanternwas directed by Zhang Yimou and never sanctioned by the Chinese Government .
Implicit in its story is a couched allegory about obsolete old men and the harmful traditions governing China and it is a condemnation of the feudal attitudes that still linger today .
It ’s no surprise that the film was financed by a Taiwanese distributor through a Hong Kong subsidiary .
What the two films , The Last EmperorandRaise the Red Lantern , have in common is the eye - popping use of colour .
When I first saw Raise the Red Lantern , it was the first Chinese movie that impressed me with its astonishing beauty .
The plot , which focuses on the experiences of a reluctant young concubine in the house of a nobleman in the China of the 1920s , is a grim account of sexual or gender politics .
As the fourth wife , Songlian , the main character , must figure out how to get along with the imperious master and husband and survive prickly relationships with his other wives .
Tensions are often thin as rice paper as the hazards of polygamy are charted .
While the tale is psychologically grim , the vividness of the many colours used in the film is stunning and heightens the emotional content of the story .
The most potent colour is red because wherever the master chooses to spend the night is ritualistically lit up with opulent red lanterns ( hence the title ) .
The film was shot in the classic three - strip Technicolor process which allows a richness of reds and yellow that are no longer seen in American films .
The vivid colours give the movie a sensuous , vibrant quality , particularly in the use of fabrics .
I like the film because , like The Last Emperor , it is a riveting movie made better by the abundant but careful use of colour .
Until this film , I always avoided brilliant reds in my work because they seemed , well , coarse and over the top .
Raise the Red Lanternchanged my mind and influenced my willingness to occasionally search out or use more potent colours for maximum effect .
With Photoshop and digital photography , we have the option more than ever to enhance colours where the enhancements enhance the image .
______________________________________
The Third Man
The Third Man ( 1949 ) –
After writing elsewhere on this page about the glorious use of colour in some films , it ’s comforting to be reminded that old - fashioned black and white has just as much magic – it ’s just different magic .
No film better illustrates this in my view thanThe Third Man , a thriller which , in addition to a great story , offers moody cinematography that won the film its only Academy Award ( though it was nominated for three ) .
I saw his movie recently for the fourth time , after not seeing it for many years , and was pleased to discover that this classic has n’t lost an ounce of appeal .
If it ’s not my favourite black - and - white film , it ’s certainly a contender .
( I ’m not alone : The British Film Institute voted it the number one British Film of the 20 the century . )
It was the first movie I ever saw that had canted camera angles so that unsettling tilted compositions heighten the suspense of some scenes .
Wide - angle distortions and shallow depth of field also contribute to an unrelenting tension and suspense but nothing grabs the viewer ’s attention more than the long shadows and the striking use of light and shade that give the film its compelling visuals and slightly nightmarish intrigue .
Almost all of the movie was shot on location in post - war Vienna and it ’s based on a story by British screenwriter and author , Graham Greene .
Fellow Brit Carol Reed was the producer and director and Robert Krasker the cinematographer .
The main character is American pulp - fiction writer Holly Martins played by Joseph Cotten .
Another lead character , even long before he makes his entrance , is Harry Lime , played by Orson Welles .
His presence – or lack of it in the first half of the movie – is an inspired absence .
Now some cinema buffs will note that both Welles and Cotton , the former especially , anchoredCitizen Kane , another great and ominous black and white movie and they ’ll be wondering why I did n’t include it in my top ten .
Well , as great as it is , it does n’t possess the visual intrigue of The Third Man .
Greene ’s story tosses the naive but principled Holly Martins character into Vienna at a time when it ’s under the schizoid control of four Allied forces including the British , French , French and Russians .
The morality in the city is ambiguous and there ’s all kind of illegal black - market activity and wheeling and dealing .
Martins has come to visit his old and favoured friend Harry Lime but Lime does n’t show up to greet his arrival and so the mystery begins .
The climax of the film occurs in the Vienna ’s sewer system , a murky labyrinth of rushing water and mysterious tunnels , and it ’s here that the film - noir cinematography and lighting underline the strength of black and white .
Criterion has done a superb job of restoring this film and though the DVD is expensive , it ’s well worth it .
Watch it and you ’ll feel the urge to get to work on some black - and - white images .
_____________________________________
Visions of Light
Visions of Light ( 1992 ) –
Okay , technically this is n’t a movie .
It ’s a documentary about movies , covering the history of cinematography and some of the movies mentioned on this page are illustrated or discussed .
And yes , there are lots of talking heads but almost all of them engage the viewer / listener and offer genuine insight , the kind that makes you exclaim " Oh , wow ! " .
We meet such fascinating individuals as Nestor Almendros , the lead cinematographer of Days of Heaven ( see above ) , who was interviewed shortly before his untimely death in 1992 .
Vittorio Storaro , the award - winning cinematographer who won awards for The last Emperor ( see above ) and Apocalypse Now , is another of the many wise men of the camera presented in Visions of Light .
In some instances , cinematographers acknowledge the vision and influence of certain directors such as Roman Polanski .
His role in determining the composition of a scene inRosemary ’s Babyis one of the many interview clips worth waiting for .
It reveals how an unlikely move just a few inches in one direction made all the difference .
The cinematographer onMcCabe and Mrs. Millerdiscusses how colours were altered and muted in the film to instill the feeling of the late 1800s .
Anyone who works with Photoshop and has had to create the look of another era will enjoy this section .
Another worthwhile interview is with Conrad Hall who photographed the chillingIn Cold Bloodback in 1967 .
Hall recounts how they were setting up a key prison scene where a murderer played by Robert Blake is about to be hanged .
Rain was splashing the window outside and Hall noticed that if the lighting outside was placed at just the right angle , it projected the shadows of the raindrops on Blake ’s face , giving the appearance of tears as he discusses his bleak childhood with a Chaplin .
Rarely has there been a more heartbreaking scene in a movie .
Inevitably , the strength of the movie though are the hundreds of film clips it presents .
After its 92 minutes are up , you ca n’t but help come away deeply impressed by the talents of the great magicians behind the cameras .
Indeed , any still photographer with a heartbeat will be inspired by their vision and ability to render magic results with light and technique .
What the many film clips inVision of Lightdo is help train our visual instincts and ability to recognize and respond to and perhaps even create the kind of light that makes for an unforgettable picture , still or otherwise .
The documentary is divided into three sections and right from the get - go , with excerpts from the early silent films , we are surprised by the quality of picture making .
Even back in the early days , there was genius .
The second section of the film deals with the black and white era after the introduction of sound ( an " evolution " that is lamented by some because sound handicapped the mobility of camera operators ) .
The third section of the film focuses on colour movies and explores how the use of colour can influence viewer response .
We are made aware of great composition as well as depth of field and , of course , the power of light and shadow to capture and hold our attention .
_____________________________________
Winged Migration
Winged Migration ( 2001 ) – I ’m a sucker for a good wildlife film and they do n’t come any better than this breathtaking effort by French director Jacques Perrin .
He gives the viewer a strong sense of what it must be like to fly and soar in the skies .
Indeed , the inspired cinematography is one of the reasons why I recently returned to wildlife photography after focusing on other subject matter for Masterfile , the stock photo agency that has represented me for many years .
This might seem a tad naive .
After all , Perrin had millions of dollars as a budget and a crew of over 450 people who used gliders , balloons and small planes equipped with ingeniously - designed cameras to film migrating flocks up , close and personal and from all angles .
He also followed bird migrations through all kinds of weather and perilous situations through 40 countries and seven continents over four years .
Such advantages do n’t dissuade me since there ’s also great magic in a single still shot of a bird or mammal .
It ’s just a different vehicle for reminding people that there are millions of creatures the deserve our consideration .
Millions upon millions of dollars are spent annually on special effects in movies and often with dazzling effect such as withThe Lord of the Rings .
In my opinion , however , it is the natural wonders of nature that trump just about all the special effects and wizardry humans can concoct .
Capturing wildlife doing what it does naturally is n’t easy ( I speak from personal experience ) , however , some clever and persistent wildlife photographers such as Franz Lanting and Jim Brandenburg , to name a couple , have managed to achieve this .
The potential of a film likeWinged Migrationis to inspire both documentary cinematographers and still photographers to find fresh ways to capture the magnificence of nature or just to persist in the quest to share nature ’s wonders through pictures .
Just so beginners do n’t get discouraged with early results , it ’s worth mentioning that for every 225 feet of exposed film shot forWinged Migration , only one foot made it into the movie .
The DVD offers a 50 - minute behind - the - scenes documentary that shows how the amazing photography was achieved inWinged Migration .
It also reveals that some of the birds were trained from birth and even exposed to the sounds of airplanes and film cameras while still in their shells .
For what it ’s worth , one of the consequences of the film is that it also motivated me to develop a means of shooting waterfowl with my formidable Canon 500 mm f4 lens from one of my kayaks .
_____________________________________
Greg Stott is a Toronto photographer and video & documentary producer and director .
His clients include corporations , editorial publications and public service agencies .
His stock photography is represented by the Masterfile agency and affiliates .
He specializes in travel and nature but tackles almost any subject except food and fashion .
He has been shooting digitally for three years .
He occasionally conducts photo workshops and seminars and exhibits his photography in galleries .
He wrote Ten Movies Every Photographer Should See while recovering from a bone marrow transplant intended to cure him of a rare cancer .
His website iswww.stottshot.comand he can be reached atstottshot@rogers.com .
_____________________________________
