For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Last year I wrote a piece for Mother Jones about marijuana legalization .
There were lots of obstacles in the way of legalization at the time , so my conclusion was cautious : “ Ten years from now , as the flower power generation enters its seventies , you might finally be able to smoke a fully legal , taxed , and regulated joint . ”
Well , it ’s been more like ten months since I wrote that , not ten years , but this week an initiative qualified for the November ballot that would legalize , regulate , and tax marijuana use in the state of California .
This follows a year of growing acrimony in Los Angeles County over the flourishing of medical pot dispensaries and efforts by local officials to rein them in .
The initiative , sponsored by Richard Lee , who owns several marijuana businesses in Oakland , would legalize possession of up to an ounce of cannabis and cultivation of up to 25 square feet on private property for personal consumption .
Beyond that , it would permit local authorities to go further :
They ’d be allowed to legalize commercial cultivation of larger amounts for sale to anyone over the age of 21 .
So , is this a good idea ?
The fear of moderate proponents of legalization has always been the possibility of large corporations , like Philip Morris , getting into the marijuana business and marketing pot to heavy users .
“ One person smoking eight joints a day is worth more to the industry than 50 people each smoking a joint a week , ” says Mark Kleiman , a drug policy expert at UCLA .
“ If the cannabis industry were to expand greatly , it could n’t do so by increasing the number of casual users .
It would have to create and maintain more chronic zonkers . ”
Lee ’s initiative opens that door .
Philip Morris would n’t be allowed to engage in interstate commerce of marijuana , but if , say , Humboldt County agreed to allow unlimited cultivation of cannabis , they could grow it in their own fields and sell it through licensed outlets in any other county in California that also permitted commercial sales .
So what would stop the multinational marketing juggernauts from doing exactly that ?
For starters , the federal government , which still classifies marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug — as it ’s required to do by international treaty .
That means it ’s flatly prohibited , and even if the feds decided not to bother prosecuting small - time growers they ’d almost certainly go after a Fortune 500 corporation that got into the business .
Along with the PR damage of being part of the pot industry , this would almost certainly be enough to keep the Philip Morrises of the world at bay .
So what are the odds of Lee ’s initiative passing ?
Recent polls suggest that 55 to 60 percent of Californians support legalization , a margin that ’s almost certain to drop once the saturation advertising starts .
So it ’ll be a close call .
And me ?
At the time I wrote my marijuana piece , I ’d never smoked a joint .
I still have n’t .
But the chances are good that I ’ll vote to allow everyone else to do it .
An Israeli soldier takes position during clashes with Palestinian stone - throwers at Qalandiya checkpoint near the West Bank city of Ramallah October 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Fadi Arouri
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) -
The Israeli military called off a raid in Palestinian territory after a soldier posted details , including the time and place , on social networking website Facebook , Israel ’s Army Radio reported Wednesday .
The soldier -- since relieved of combat duty -- described in a status update how his unit planned a “ clean - up ” arrest raid in a West Bank area , the radio station said .
Facebook friends then reported him to military authorities .
The Israeli military spokesman ’s office had no immediate comment .
Israel says raids in the West Bank are aimed at detaining militants suspected of planning attacks on Israelis .
Palestinian officials say the incursions undermine efforts by the Western - backed Palestinian Authority to enforce law and order in the territory .
Apple has sold more than 220 million iPods since the 2001 launch .
A US appeals court has ruled in favour of Apple in a lawsuit claiming that the iPod could be responsible for hearing loss .
The judge upheld a 2008 ruling , saying " the plaintiffs simply do not plead facts showing that hearing loss from iPod use is actual or imminent " .
He also noted that Apple issues a warning with each of the music players .
The two claimants said the iPod was defective because users can listen to it at the unsafe level of 115 decibels .
Apple has sold more than 220 million iPods since its launch in 2001 .
" The plaintiffs do not allege the iPods failed to do anything they were designed to do nor do they allege that they , or any others , have suffered or are substantially certain to suffer inevitable hearing loss or other injury from iPod use , " Senior Judge David Thompson wrote in a statement .
He added : " At most , the plaintiffs plead a potential risk of hearing loss not to themselves , but to other unidentified iPod users . "
Jamie Oliver reduced to tears ( and so are the Americans as they reject his healthy eating advice )
Jamie
Oliver knew it would n't be easy changing the eating habits of the unhealthiest city in America .
But he was so shocked by the hostile reaction to his crusade that it reduced him to tears .
The celebrity chef crossed the Atlantic pledging a food revolution in a country where two out of three people are overweight .
It 's all too much : Jamie Oliver breaks down in the playground after a confrontation with dinner ladies at a school in Huntington , West Virginia
Heading straight for the clogged - up heart of the problem , he chose a city where schoolchildren are served up pizza and chocolate milk for breakfast .
But there was little appetite in down - at - heel Huntington , West Virginia , for the cheeky - chappie Londoner .
At one point he ended up sitting in a school playground in tears , complaining : ' They do n't understand me because they do n't know why I 'm here . '
Big problem :
An American child is given a lesson in healthy cooking by Jamie
The TV show following his efforts did n't go down very well across the rest of the country either .
Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution drew a comparatively modest 6.1 million viewers for its network premiere on Sunday night .
The locals in Huntington were already smarting over being branded America 's fast food capital by the U.S. Centres for Disease Control .
And , if the first episode of Oliver 's stateside reality show is to be believed , they certainly were n't happy about being told what to eat by a foreigner with a funny accent .
His first stop took him to a radio station where the interviewer made him about as welcome as a bowl of cold broccoli .
' We do n't want to sit around eating lettuce all day ! ' said DJ Rod Willis , on the Rocky n' Rod morning show at a country station .
' Who made you king ? ' he demanded .
While Oliver 's efforts to introduce better school meals in the UK met with some success , and led to a trip to Downing Street five years ago , he appears to have a much bigger job on his plate in the U.S. .
Poor diet : Mother - of - four Stacie , surrounded by a week 's worth of deep fried food , starts to cry as Oliver tells her her cooking will kill her children
He meets the lunch ladies at a Huntington primary school just as they are serving up ' breakfast pizza ' smothered in eggs , sausage and cheese to 450 children .
Later , the same canteen lays on a lunch of chicken nuggets and instant mash .
' It 's that kind of food that 's killing America , ' Oliver declares .
' You do n't have processed food in England ? ' snaps back head cook Alice Gue .
Oliver is also left incredulous when he holds up tomatoes on a vine to a boy , who thinks they are potatoes .
The next day , Oliver returns to whip up a healthy lunch of roast chicken and wild rice , while the school cooks provide a pepperoni pizza alternative , which proves far more popular .
Tough talking : Mother - of - four Stacie is brought to tears over Oliver 's food warning
It did n't help that Oliver was forced to apologise after the local Herald Dispatch newspaper attacked him for being rude about Huntington .
He said of Americans : ' When you meet these people , they are not stupid .
They are not ignorant .
It 's just that they have never had food from scratch in their life . '
Swearing the remarks were taken out of context , Oliver ends the first show in the school playground in tears , upset that he is being judged so harshly .
He also visits a local family who live on fried food and pizzas and reduces the mother to tears by lambasting her diet .
' This is going to kill your children , ' he tells the mother of four .
In tests , mockups of tortuous female genitalia prevented insemination by males .
Warning : Squeamish viewers may find this video unpleasant Yale University
An extraordinary sexual arms race that has played out in duck ponds for thousands of years has been uncovered by evolutionary biologists .
Faced with unwelcome advances from undesirable males wielding large , corkscrew - shaped penises , the females have gone on the defensive .
The solution – the result of millennia of evolution – arrived in the form of vaginas that spiral in the opposite direction , so thwarting uninvited males at a stroke .
Some female ducks possess genitalia of labyrinthine complexity , with kinks , dead ends and hairpin bends , according to a report in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
Patricia Brennan , professor of evolutionary biology at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , decided to investigate the peculiar co-evolution of male and female duck genitalia after previous work revealed stark differences between species .
In some , the males aggressively pursue and attempt to mate with females that are already paired up .
The males of these species have by far the largest penises , with some extending to 40 cm .
In other duck species , the male sexual organ is less than 2 cm long .
However , all male ducks have bendy , spiralling penises that extend for copulation .
Two years ago , Brennan 's team discovered that only females of species that had to defend against well - endowed , aggressive suitors had convoluted genitalia .
The implication was that it was an evolutionary adaptation to keep unwanted males at bay .
For the latest study , Brennan and her colleagues turned to high - speed videography and life - sized models of female duck genitalia to investigate whether the spirals , dead ends and hairpins successfully blocked undesirable males during mating attempts .
Slow motion footage of male Muscovy ducks showed their penises extend with explosive speed , reaching a full 20 cm in 0.36 seconds .
" We think this allows the male to actually force copulations on females even as they struggle to escape , " Brennan said in an email exchange .
The males ' attempt at insemination was barely impaired by models of straight and only slightly curved female genitalia , but the more tortuous vaginas effectively blocked the males before they got too far .
" It shows in a very clear way how females can regain control of reproduction .
Even though they can't behaviourally prevent males from forcing them to copulate , they have regained control of the ' copulatory area ' by preventing males from fully everting their penises when they do not want to copulate , " Brennan wrote .
" It is really a genital war . "
When females choose to mate , they adopt a receptive position and repeatedly contract and release internal muscles that are thought to make copulation easier for preferred males .
" Ducks are absolutely amazing .
They are among the most beautiful birds and their courtship displays are famous for their complexity and beauty .
They also have this fascinating dark side of struggle and violence and they are teaching us a lot about the evolutionary consequences of conflict , " Brennan adds .
WE are next to consider the several species and distinctions of courts of justice , which are acknowledged and used in this kingdom .
And these are either such as are of public and general jurisdiction throughout the whole realm ; or such as are only of a private and special jurisdiction in some particular parts of it .
Of the former there are four sorts ; the universally established courts of common law and equity ; the ecclesiastical courts ; the courts military ; and courts maritime .
And first of such public courts as are courts of common law of equity .
THE policy of our ancient constitution , as regulated and established by the great Alfred , was to bring justice home to every man ’s door , by constituting as many courts of judicature as there are manors and townships in the kingdom ; wherein injuries were redressed in an easy and expeditious manner , by the suffrage of neighbors and friends .
These little courts however communicated with others of a larger jurisdiction , and those with others of a still greater power ; ascending gradually from the lowest to the supreme courts , which were respectively constituted to correct the errors of the inferior ones , and to determine such causes as by reason of their weight and difficulty demanded a more solemn discussion .
The course of justice flowing in large streams from the king , as the fountain , to his superior courts of record ; and being then subdivided into smaller channels , till the whole and every part of the kingdom were plentifully watered and refreshed .
An institution that seems highly agreeable to the dictates of natural reason , as well as of more enlightened policy ; being equally similar to that which prevailed in Mexico and Peru before they were discovered by the Spaniards ; and that which was established in the Jewish republic by Moses .
In Mexico each town and province had its proper judges , who heard and decided causes , except when the point in litigation was too intricate for their determination ; and then it was remitted to the supreme court of the empire , established in the capital , and consisting of twelve judges .
Peru , according to Garcilasso de Vega ( an historian descended from the ancient Incas of that country ) was divided into small districts containing ten families each , all registered , and under one magistrate ; who had authority to decide little differences and punish petty crimes .
Five of these composed a higher class or fifty families ; and two of these last composed another called a hundred .
Ten hundreds constituted the largest division , consisting of a thousand families , and each division had its separate judge or magistrate , with a proper degree of subordination .
In like manner we read of Moses ; that , finding the sole administration of justice too heavy for him , he “ chose able men out of all Israel , such as feared God , men of truth , hating covetousness ; and made them heads over the people rulers of thousands , rulers of hundreds , rulers of fifties , and rulers of tens : and they judged the people at all seasons ; the hard causes they brought unto Moses , but every small matter they judged themselves . ”
These inferior courts , at least the name and form of them , still continue in our legal constitution : but as the superior courts of record have in practice obtained a concurrent original jurisdiction with these ; and as there is besides a power of removing plaints or actions thither from all the inferior jurisdictions ; upon these accounts ( among others ) it has happened that these petty tribunals have fallen into decay , and almost into oblivion : whether for the better or the worse , may be matter of some speculation ; when we consider on the one hand the increase of expense and delay , and on the other the more upright and impartial decision , that follow from this change of jurisdiction .
THE order I shall observe in discoursing on these several courts , constituted for the redress of civil injuries , ( for with those of a jurisdiction merely criminal I shall not at present concern myself ) will be by beginning with the lowest , and those whose jurisdiction , though public and generally dispersed throughout the kingdom , is yet , ( with regard to each particular court ) confined to very narrow limits ; and so ascending gradually to those of the most extensive and transcendent power .
I. THE lowest , and at the same time the most expeditious , court of justice known to the law of England is the court of piepoudre , curia pedis pulverzati [ dusty - foot court ] : so called from the dusty feet of the suitors ; or according to Sir Edward Coke , because justice is there done as speedily as dust can fall from the foot .
Upon the same principle that justice among the Jews was administered in the gate of the city , that the proceedings might be the more speedy , as well as public .
But the etymology given us by a learned modern writer is much more ingenious and satisfactory ; it being derived , according to him , from pied puldreaux a pedlar , in old french , and therefore signifying the court of such petty chapmen as resort to fairs or markets .
It is a court of record , incident to every fair and market , of which the steward of him , who owns or has the toll of the market , is the judge .
It was instituted to administer justice for all injuries done in that very fair or market , and not in any preceding one .
So that the injury must be done complained of , heard , and determined , within the compass of one and the same day .
The court has cognizance of all matters that can possibly arise within the precinct of that fair or market ; and the plaintiff must make oath that the cause of an action arose there .
From this court a writ of error lies , in the nature of an appeal , to the courts at Westminster .
The reason of its institution seems to have been , to do justice expeditiously among the variety of persons , that resort from distant places to a fair or market : since it is probable that no other inferior court might be able to serve its process , or execute its judgements , on both or perhaps either of the parties ; and therefore , unless this court had been erected , the complaint must necessarily have resorted even in the first instance to some superior judicature .
II .
THE court - baron is a court incident to every manor in the kingdom , and was held by the steward within the said manor .
This court - baron is of two natures : the one is customary court , of which we formerly spoke , appertaining entirely to the copyholders , in which their estates are transferred by surrender and admittance , and other matters transacted relative to their tenures only
The other , of which we now speak , is a court of common law , and it is the court of the barons , by which name the freeholders were sometimes anciently called ; for that it is held before the freeholders who owe suit and service to the manor , the steward being rather the registrar than the judge .
These courts , though in their nature distinct , are frequently confounded together .
The court we are now considering , viz . the freeholders ’ court , was composed of the lords tenants , who were the pares of each other , and were bond by their feudal tenure to assist their lord in the dispensation of domestic justice .
This was formerly held every three weeks ; and its most important business is to determine , by writ of right , all controversies relating to the right of lands within the manor .
It may also hold plea of any personal actions , of debt , trespass on the case , or the like , where the debt or damages do not amount to forty shillings .
Which is the same sum , or three marks , that bounded the jurisdiction of the ancient Gothic courts in their lowest instance , or fierding - courts , so called because four were instituted within every superior district or hundred .
But the proceedings on a writ of right may be removed into the county court by a precept from the sheriff called a tolt , “ quia tollit atque eximit causam e curia baronum [ because it removes the cause from the court baron ] .
And the proceedings in all other actions may be removed into the superior courts by the king ’s writs of pone , or accedas ad curiam [ come to the court ] , according to the nature of the suit .
After judgment given , a writ also of false judgment lies to the courts at Westminster to rehear and review the cause , and not a writ of error ; for this is not a court of record : and therefore in all these writs of removal , the first direction given is to cause the plaint to be recorded , recordari facias loquelam [ cause the plaint to be recorded ] .
III .
A HUNDRED court is only a larger court - baron , being held for all the inhabitants of a particular hundred instead of a manor .
The free suitors are here also the judges and the steward the registrar , as in the case of a court baron ,
It is likewise no court of record ; resembling the former in all points , except that in point of territory it is of a greater jurisdiction .
This is said by Sir Edward Coke to have been derived out of the county court for the case of the people , that they might have justice done to them at their own doors , without any charge or loss of time : but its institution was probably coeval with that of hundreds themselves , which were formerly observed to have been introduced though not invented by Alfred , being derived from the polity of the ancient Germans .
The centeni , we may remember were the principal inhabitants of district composed of different villages , originally in number an hundred , but afterwards only called by that name ; and who probably gave the same denomination to the district out of which they were chosen .
Caesar speaks positively of the judicial power exercised in their hundred - courts and courts - baron .
“ Principes regionum , atque pagorum , ” ( which we may fairly construe , the lords of hundred and manors ) inter suos jus dicunt , controversiasque minuunt ” [ “ declare the law among dependents , and abate controversies ” ] .
And Tacitus , who had examined their constitution till more attentively , informs us not only of the authority of the lords , but of that of the centeni , the hundredors , or jury ; who were taken out of the common freeholders , and had themselves a share in the determination .
“ Eliguntur in conciliis et principes , qui jura per pagos vicosque reddunt : centeni singulis , ex plebe comites , consilium simul et auctoritas , adsunt . ”
[ “ Lords are chosen in their councils who administer justice through towns and districts .
The jury for each hundred are from the people , having both council and authority . ” ]
This hundred - court was denominated haereda in the Gothic constitution .
But this court , as causes are equally liable to removal from hence , as from the common court - baron , and by the same writs , and may also be reviewed by writ of false judgment , is therefore fallen into equal disuse with regard to the trial of actions .
IV .
THE county court is a court incident to the jurisdiction of the sheriff .
It is not a court of record , but may hold pleas of debt or damages under the value of forty shillings .
Over some of which causes these inferior courts have , by the express words of the statute of Gloucester , a jurisdiction totally exclusive of the king ’s superior courts .
For in order to be entitled to sue an action of trespass for goods before the king ’s justiciars , the plaintiff is directed to make affidavit that the cause of action does really and bona fide amount to 40 s : which affidavit is now unaccountably disued , except in the court of exchequer .
The statute also 43 Eliz. c. 6 . which giver the judges in all personal actions , where the jury assess less damages than 40 s , a power to certify the same and abridge the plaintiff of his full costs , was also meant to prevent vexation by litigious plaintiffs ; who , for purposes of mere oppression , might be inclinable to institute suits in the superior courts for injuries of a trifling value .
The county court may also hold plea of many real actions , and of all personal actions to any amount , by virtue of a special writ called a justicies ; which is a writ empowering the sheriff for the sake of dispatch to do the same justice in his county court , as might otherwise be had at Westminster .
The freeholders of the county are the real judges in this court , and the sheriff is the ministerial officer .
The great conflux of freeholders , which are supposed always to attend at the county court , ( which Spelman calls forum plebeiae justitiae et theatrum comitivae potestatis [ justice court for the people and theater of the county ’s power ] ) is the reason why all acts of parliament at the end of every session were wont to be there published by the sheriff ; why all outlawries of absconding offenders are there proclaimed ; and why all popular elections which the freeholders are to make , as formerly of sheriffs and conservators of the peace , and still of coroners , verderors , and knights of the shire , must ever be made in pleno comitatu , or , in full county court .
By the statute 2 Edw. VI . c. 25 .
no county court shall be adjourned longer than for one month , consisting of twenty - eight days .
And this was also the ancient usage , as appears from the laws of king Edward the elder : “ praepositus ” ( that is , the sheriff ) “ ad quartam circiter septimanam frequentem populi concionem celebrato : cuique jus dicito ; litesque singulas dirimito . ”
[ “ Let the sheriff hold a full assembly of the people about once a month : declare the law to every one ; and severally determine suits . ” ]
In those times the county court was a court of great dignity and splendor , the bishop and the ealdorman ( or earl ) with the principal men of the shire sitting therein to administer justice both in lay and ecclesiastical causes .
But its dignity was much impaired , when the bishop was prohibited and the earl neglected to attend it .
And , in modern times , as proceedings are removable from hence into the king ’s , as proceedings are removable from hence into the king ’s superior courts , by writ of pone or recordare , in the same manner as from hundred - courts , and courts - baron ; and as the same writ of false judgment may be had , in nature of a writ of error ; this has occasioned the same disuse of bringing actions therein .
THESE are the several species of common law courts , which though dispersed universally throughout the realm are nevertheless of a partial jurisdiction and confined to particular districts : yet communicating with , and as it were members of , the superior courts of a more extended and general nature ; which are calculated for the administration of redress not in any one lordship , hundred , or county only , but throughout the whole kingdom at large .
Of which sort is
V . The court of common pleas , or , as it is frequently termed in law , the court of common bench .
BY the ancient Saxon constitution there was only one superior court of justice in the kingdom : and that had cognizance both of civil and spiritual causes ; viz .
the wittena - gemote , or general council , which assembled annually or oftener , wherever the king kept his Easter , Christmas , or Whitsontide , as well to do private justice as to consult upon public business .
At the conquest the ecclesiastical jurisdiction was diverted into another channel ; and the conqueror , fearing danger from these annual parliaments , contrived also to separate their ministerial power , as judges , from their deliberative , as counselors to the crown .
He therefore established a constant court in his own shall , thence called by Bracton and other ancient authors aula regia or aula regis [ king ’s bench ] .
This court was composed of the king ’s great officers of the state resident in his palace , and usually attendant on his person : such as the lord high constable and lord mareschal [ marshal ] , who chiefly presided in matters of honor and of arms ; determining according to the law military and the law of nations .
Besides these there were the lord high steward , and lord great chamberlain ; the steward of the household ; the lord chancellor , whose peculiar business it was to keep the king ’s seal and examine all such writs , grants , and letters , as were to pass under that authority ; and the lord high treasurer , who was the principal adviser in all matters relating to the revenue .
These high officers were assisted by certain persons learned in the laws , who were called the king ’s justiciars or justices ; and by the greater barons of parliament , all of whom had a seat in the aula regia , and formed a kind of court of appeal , or rather of advice , in matters of great moment and difficulty .
All these in their several departments transacted all secular business both criminal and civil , and likewise the matters of the revenue : and over all presided one special magistrate , called the chief justiciar or capitalis justiciarius totius Angliae [ chief justice of all England ] ; who was also the principal minister of state , the second man in the kingdom , and by virtue of his office guardian of the realm in the king ’s absence .
And this officer it was who principally determined all the vast variety of causes that arose in this extensive jurisdiction ; and from the plenitude of his power grew at length both obnoxious to the people and dangerous to the government which employed him .
THIS great universal court being bound to follow the king ’s household in all his progresses and expeditions , the trial of common causes therein was found very burdensome to the subject .
Wherefore king John , who dreaded also the power of the justiciar , very readily consented to that article which now forms the eleventh chapter of Magna Carta , and enacts “ that communia placita non sequantur curiam regis , sed teneantur in aliquo loco certo . ”
[ “ Let not the common pleas follow the king ’s court , but be held in some fixed place . ” ]
This certain place was established in Westminster - hall , the place where the aula regis originally sat when the king resided in that city ; and there it has ever since continued .
And the court being thus rendered fixed and stationary , the judges became so too , and a chief with other justices of the common pleas was thereupon appointed ; with jurisdiction to hear and determine all pleas of land , and injuries merely civil between subject and subject .
Which critical establishment of this principal court of common law , at that particular juncture and that particular place , gave rise to the inns of court in its neighborhood ; and thereby collecting together the whole body of the common lawyers , enabled the law itself to withstand the attacks of the canonists and civilians , who labored to extirpate and destroy it .
This precedent was soon after copied by king Philip the fair in France , who about the year 1302 fixed the parliament of Paris to abide constantly in that metropolis ; which before used to follow the person of the king , wherever he went , and in which he himself used frequently to decide the causes that were there depending : but all were then referred to the sole cognizance of the parliament and its learned judges .
And thus also in 1495 the emperor Maximilian I fixed the imperial chamber ( which before always traveled with the court and household ) to be constantly held at Worms , from whence it was afterwards translated to Spire .
THE aula regia being thus stripped of so considerable a branch of its jurisdiction , and the power of the chief justiciar being also considerably curbed by many articles in the great charter , the authority of both began to decline apace under the long and troublesome reign of king Henry III .
And , in farther pursuance of this example , the other several office of the chief justiciar were under Edward the first ( who new - modeled the whole frame of our judicial polity ) subdivided and broken into distinct courts of judicature .
A court of chivalry was erected , over which the constable and mareschal presided ; as did the steward of the household over another , constituted to regulate the king ’s domestic servants .
The high steward , with the barons of parliament , formed an august tribunal for the trail of delinquent peers ; and the barons reserved to themselves in parliament the right of reviewing the sentences of other courts in the last resort .
The distribution of common justice between man and man was thrown into so provident an order , that the great judicial officers were made to form a check upon each other : the court of chancery issuing all original writs under the great seal to the other courts ; the common pleas being allowed to determine all causes between private subjects ; the exchequer managing the king ’s revenue ; and the court of king ’s bench retaining all the jurisdiction which was not cantoned out to other courts , and particularly the superintendence of all the rest by way of appeal ; and the sole cognizance of pleas of the crown or criminal causes .
For pleas of suits are regularly divided into two sorts ; pleas of the crown , which comprehend all crimes and misdemeanors , wherein the king ( on behalf of the public ) is the plaintiff ; and common pleas , which include all civil actions depending between subject and subject .
The former of these were the proper object of the jurisdiction of the court of king ’s bench ; the latter of the court of common pleas .
Which is a court of record , and is styled by Sir Edward Coke the lock and key of the common law ; for herein only can real actions , that is , actions which concern the right of freehold or the realty , be originally brought : and all other , or personal , pleas between man and man are likewise here determined ; though in some of them the king ’s bench has also a concurrent authority .
THE judges of this court are at present four in number , one chief and three puisnè [ younger ] justices , created by the king ’s letters patent , who sit every day in the four terms to hear and determine all matters of law arising in civil causes , whether real , personal or mixed and compounded of both .
These it takes cognizance of , as well originally , as upon removal from the inferior courts before - mentioned .
But a writ of error , in the nature of an appeal , lies from this court into the court of king ’s bench .
VI .
THE court of king ’s bench ( so called because the king used formerly to sit there in person , the style of the court still being coram ipso rege [ before the king himself ] ) is the supreme court of common law in the kingdom , consisting of a chief justice and three puisnè justices , who are by their office the sovereign conservators of the peace and supreme coroners of the land .
Yet , though the king himself used to sit in this court , and still is supposed so to do ; he did not , neither by law is he empowered to , determine any cause or motion , but by the mouth of his judges , to whom he has committed his whole judicial authority .
THIS court ( which as we have said ) is the remnant of the aula regia , is not , nor can be , from the very nature and constitution of it , fixed to any certain place , but may follow the king ’s court wherever it goes ; for which reason all process issuing out of this court in the king ’s name is returnable “ ubicunque fuerimus in Anglia ” [ “ wherever we are in England ” ] .
It has indeed , for some centuries past , usually sat at Westminster , being an ancient palace of the crown ; but might remove with the king to York or Exeter , if he thought proper to command it .
And we find that , after Edward I had conquered Scotland , it actually sat at Roxburgh .
And this moveable quality , as well as its dignity and power , are fully expressed by Bracton , when he says that the justices of this court are “ capitales , generales , perpetui , et majores ; a latere regis residentes ; qui omnium aliorum corrigere tenentur injurias et errores . ”
[ “ Chief , general , perpetual , and elder ; accompanying the king , who are appointed to redress the injuries and correct the errors of all others . ” ]
And it is moreover especially provided in the articuli super cartas [ articles upon the charters ] that the king ’s chancellor , and the justices of his bench shall follow him , so that he may have at all times near unto him some that be learned in the laws .
THE jurisdiction of this court is very high and transcendent .
It keeps all inferior jurisdictions within the bounds of their authority , and may either remove their proceedings to be determined here , or prohibit their progress below .
It superintends all civil corporations in the kingdom .
It commands magistrates and others to do what their duty requires , in every case where there is no other specific remedy .
It protects the liberty of the subject , by speedy and summary interposition .
It takes cognizance both of criminal and civil causes ; the former in what is called the crown - side or crown - office ; the latter in the plea -side of the court .
The jurisdiction of the crown - side it is not our present business to consider : that will be more properly discussed in the ensuing volume .
But on the plea-side , or civil branch , it has an original jurisdiction and cognizance of all trespasses , and other injuries , alleged to be committed vi et armis [ by force and arms ] : which , being a breach of the peace , favor of a criminal nature although the action is brought for a civil remedy ; and for which the defendant ought in strictness to pay a fine to the king , as well as damages to the injured party .
This court might likewise , upon the division of the aula regia , have originally held plea of any other civil action whatsoever , ( excepting actions real , which are new very seldom in use ) provided the defendant was an officer of the court ; or in the custody of the marshal , or prison - keeper , of this court , for a breach of the peace or any other offense .
In process of time , by a fiction , this court began to hold plea of all personal actions whatsoever , and has continued to do so for ages : it being surmised that the defendant is arrested for a supposed trespass , which he never has in reality committed ; and being thus in the custody of the marshal of this court , the plaintiff is at liberty to proceed against him for any other personal injury : which surmise , of being in the marshal ’s custody , the defendant is not at liberty to dispute .
And these fictions of law , though at first they may startle the student , he will find upon farther consideration to be highly beneficial and useful : especially as this maxim is ever invariably observed , that no fiction shall extend to work an injury ; its proper operation being to prevent a mischief , or remedy an inconvenience , that might result from the general rule of law .
So true is it , that in fictione juris semper subsistit aequitas [ all legal fictions are founded in equity ] .
In the present case , it gives the suitor his choice of more than one tribunal , before which he may institute his action ; and prevents the circuity and delay of justice , by allowing that suit to be originally , and in the first instance , commenced in this court , which after a determination in another , might ultimately be brought before it on a writ of error .
FOR this court is likewise a court of appeal , into which may be removed by writ of error all determinations of the court of common pleas , and of all inferior courts of record in England : and to which a writ of error lies also from the court of king ’s bench in Ireland .
Yet even this so high and honorable court is not the dernier resort [ last resort ] of the subject ; for if he be not satisfied with any determination here , he may remove it by writ of error into the house of lords , or the court of exchequer chamber , as the case may happen , according to the nature of the suit , and the manner in which it has been prosecuted .
VII .
THE court of exchequer is inferior in rank not only to the court of king ’s bench , but to the common pleas also : but I have chosen to consider it in this order , on account of its double capacity , as a court of law and a court of equity also .
It is a very ancient court of record , set up by William the conqueror , as a part of the aula regia , though regulated and reduced to its present order by king Edward I ; and intended principally to order the revenues of the crown , and to recover the king ’s debts and duties .
It is called the exchequer , scaccharium , from the checked cloth , resembling a chess - board , which covers the table there ; and on which , when certain of the king ’s accounts are made up , the sums are marked and scored with counters .
It consists of two divisions : the receipt of the exchequer , which manages the royal revenue , and with which these commentaries have no concern ; and the court or judicial part of it , which is again subdivided into a court of equity , and a court of common law .
THE court of equity is held in the exchequer chamber before the lord treasurer , the chancellor of the exchequer , the chief baron , and three puisnè ones .
These Mr. Selden conjectures to have anciently been made out of such as were barons of the kingdom , or parliamentary barons ; and thence to have derived their name : which conjecture receives great strength from Bracton ’s explanation of magna charta , c. 14 .
which directs that the earls and barons be amerced by their peers ; that is , says he , by the barons of the exchequer .
The primary and original business of this court is to call the king ’s debtors to account by bill filed by the attorney general ; and to recover any lands , tenements , or hereditaments , any goods , chattels , or other profits or benefits , belonging to the crown .
So that by their original constitution the jurisdiction of the courts of common pleas , king ’s bench , and exchequer , was entirely separate and distinct ; the common pleas being intended to decide all controversies between subject and subject ; the king ’s bench to correct all crimes and misdemeanors that amount to a breach of the peace , the king being then plaintiff , as such offenses are in open derogation of the jura regalia [ royal rights ] of his crown ; and the exchequer to adjust and recover his revenue , wherein the king also is plaintiff , as the withholding and non-payment thereof is an injury to his jura fiscalia [ royal revenue ] .
But , as by fiction almost all sorts of civil actions are now allowed to be brought in the king ’s bench , in like manner by another fiction all kinds of personal suits may be prosecuted in the court of exchequer .
For as all the officers and ministers of this court have , like those of other superior courts , the privilege of suing and being sued only in their own court ; so also the king ’s debtors , and farmers , and all accountants of the exchequer , are privileged to sue and implead all manner of persons in the same court of equity , that they themselves are called into .
They have likewise privilege to sue and implead one another , or any stranger , in the same kind of common law actions ( where the personalty only is concerned ) as are prosecuted in the court of common pleas .
THIS gives original to the common law part of their jurisdiction , which was established merely for the benefit of the king ’s accountants , and is exercised by the barons only the exchequer , and not the treasurer or chancellor .
The writ upon which all proceedings here are grounded is called a quo minus : in which the plaintiff suggests that he is the king ’s farmer or debtor , and that the defendant has done him the injury or damage complained of ; quo minus sufficiens existit , by which he is the less able , to pay the king his debt or rent .
And these suits are expressly directed , by what is called the statute of Rutland , to be confined to such matters only as specially concern the king or his ministers of the exchequer .
And by the articuli super cartas it is enacted , that no common pleas be thenceforth held in the exchequer , contrary to the form of the great charter .
But now by the suggestion of privilege , any person may be admitted to sue in the exchequer as well as the king ’s accountant .
The surmise , of being debtor to the king , is therefore become matter of form and mere words of course , and the court is open to all the nation equally .
The same holds with regard to the equity side of the court : for there any person may file a bill against another upon a bare suggestion that he is the kings accountant ; but whether he is so , or not , is never controverted .
In this court , on the equity side , the clergy have long used to exhibit their bills for the non-payment of tithes ; in - which case the surmise of being the king ’s debtor is no fiction , they being bound to pay him their first fruits , and annual tenths .
But the chancery has of late years obtained a large share in this business .
AN appeal from the equity side of this court lies immediately to the house of peers ; but from the common law side , in pursuance of the statute 31 Edw.
III .
c. 12 . a writ of error must be first brought into the court of exchequer chamber .
And from their determination there lies , in the dernier resort , a writ of error to the house of lords .
VIII .
THE high court of chancery is the only remaining , and in matters of civil property by much the most important of any , of the king ’s superior and original courts of justice .
It has its name of chancery , cancellaria , from the judge who presides here , the lord chancellor or cancellarius ; who , Sir Edward Coke tells us , is so termed a cancellando , from cancelling the king ’s letters patents when granted contrary to law , which is the highest point of his jurisdiction .
But the office and name of chancellor ( however derived ) was certainly known to the courts of the Roman emperors ; where originally it seems to have signified a chief scribe or secretary , who was afterwards invested with several judicial powers , and a general superintendency over the rest of the officers of the prince .
From the Roman empire it passed to the Roman church , ever emulous of imperial state ; and hence every bishop has to this day his chancellor , the principal judge of his consistory .
And when the modern kingdoms of Europe were established upon the ruins of the empire , almost every state preserved its chancellor , with different jurisdictions and dignities , according to their different constitutions .
But in all of them he seems to have had the supervision of all charter , letters , and such other public instruments of the crown , as were authenticated in the most solemn manner ; and therefore , when seals came in use , he had always the custody of the king ’s great seal .
So that the office of chancellor , or lord keeper , ( whose authority by statute 5 Eliz . c. 18 . is declared to be exactly the same ) is with us at this day created by the mere delivery of the king ’s great seal into his custody : whereby he becomes , without writ or patent , an officer of the greatest weight and power of any now subsisting in the kingdom ; and superior in point of precedency to every temporal lord .
He is privy counselor by his office , and , according to lord chancellor Ellensmere , prolocutor of the house of lords by prescription .
To him belongs the appointment of all justices of the peace throughout the kingdom .
Being formerly usually an ecclesiastic , ( for none else were them capable of an office so conversant in writings ) and presiding over the royal chapel , he became keeper of the king ’s conscience ; visitor , in right of the king , of all hospitals and colleges of the king ’s foundation ; and patron of all the king ’s livings under the value of 20 £ per annum in the king ’s books .
He is the general guardian of all infants , idiots , and lunatics ; and has the general superintendence of all charitable uses in the kingdom .
And all this , over and above the vast and extensive jurisdiction which he exercises in his judicial capacity in the court of chancery : wherein , as in the exchequer , there are two distinct tribunals ; the one ordinary , being a court of common law ; the other extraordinary , being a court of equity .
THE ordinary legal court is much more ancient than the court of equity .
Its jurisdiction is to hold plea upon a scire facias [ show cause ] to repeal and cancel the king ’s letters patent , when made against law , or upon untrue suggestions ; and to hold plea of petitions , monstrans de droit [ showing of right ] , traverses of offices , and the like ; when the king has been advised to do any act , or is put in possession of any lands or goods , in prejudice of a subject ’s right .
On proof of which , as the king can never be supposed intentionally to do any wrong , the law questions not but he will immediately redress the injury ; and refers that conscientious task to the chancellor , the keeper of his conscience .
It also appertains to this court to hold plea of all personal actions , where any officer or minister of the court is a party .
It might likewise hold plea ( by scire facias ) of partitions of lands in coparcenary , and of dower , where any ward of the crown was concerned in interest , so long as the military tenures subsisted : as it now may also do of the tithes of forest land , where granted by the king and claimed by a stranger against the grantee of the crown ; and of executions on statutes , or recognizances in nature thereof by the statute 23 Hen.
VIII . c. 6 . But if any cause comes to issue in this court , that is , if any fact be disputed between the parties , the chancellor cannot try it , having no power to summon a jury ; but must deliver the record propria manu [ by his own hand ] into the court of king ’s bench , where it shall be tired by the country , and judgment shall be there given thereon .
And , when judgment is given in chancery , upon demurrer or the like , a writ of error , in nature of an appeal , lies out of this ordinary court into the court of king ’s bench : though so little is usually done on the common law side of the court , that I have met with no traces of any writ of error being actually brought , since the fourteenth year of queen Elizabeth , A. B. 1572 .
IN this ordinary , or legal , court is also kept the officina justitiae [ storehouse of justice ] : out of which all original writs that pass under the great seal , all commissions of charitable uses , sewers , bankruptcy , idiocy , lunacy , and the like , do issue ; and for which it is always open to the subject , who may there at any time demand and have , ex debito justitiae [ as due to justice ] , any writ that his occasions may call for .
These writs ( relating to the business of the subject ) and the returns to them were , according to the simplicity of ancient times , originally kept in a hamper , in hanaperio ; and the other ( relating to such matters wherein the crown is immediately or mediately concerned ) were preserved in a little sack or bag , in parva baga ; and thence has arisen the distinction of the hanaper office , and petty bag office , which both belong to the common law court in chancery .
BUT the extraordinary court , or court of equity , is now become the court of the greatest judicial consequence .
This distinction between law and equity , as administered in different courts , is not a present known , nor seems to have ever been known , in any other country at any time : and yet the difference of one from the other , when administered by the same tribunal , was perfectly familiar to the Romans ; the jus praetorium , or discretion of the praetor , being distinct from the leges or standing laws : but the power of both centered in one and the same magistrate , who was equally entrusted to pronounce the rule of law , and to apply it to particular cases by the principles of equity .
With us too , the aula regia , which was the supreme court of judicature , undoubtedly administered equal justice according to the rules of both or either , as the case might chance to require : and , when that was broken to pieces , the idea of a court of equity , as distinguished from a court of law , did not subsist in the original plan of partition .
For though equity is mentioned by Bracton as a thing contrasted to strict law , yet neither in that writer , nor in Glanvil or Fleta , nor yet in Britton ( composed under the auspices and in the name of Edward I , and treating particularly of courts and their several jurisdictions ) is there a syllable to be found relating to the equitable jurisdiction of the court of chancery .
It seems therefore probable , that when the courts of law , proceeding merely upon the ground of the king ’s original writs and confining themselves strictly to that bottom , gave a harsh or imperfect judgment , the application for redress used to be to the king in person assisted by his privy council , ( from whence also arose the jurisdiction of the court of requests , which was virtually abolished by the statute 16 Car. I. c. 10 . ) and they were wont to refer the matter either to the chancellor and a select committee , or by degrees to the chancellor only , who mitigated the severity or supplied the defects of the judgments pronounced in the courts of law , upon weighing the circumstances of the case .
This was the custom not only among our Saxon ancestors , before the institution of the aula regia , but also after its dissolution , in the reign of king Edward I , if not that of Henry II .
IN these early times the chief juridical employment of the chancellor must have been in devising new writs , directed to the courts of common law , to give remedy in cases where none was before administered .
And to quicken the diligence of the clerks in the chancery , who were too much attached to ancient precedents , it is provided by statute Westm .
2 . 13 . Edw. I. c. 24 . that “ whensoever from thenceforth in one case a writ shall be found in the chancery , and in a like case falling under the same right and ‘ requiring like remedy no precedent of a writ can be produced , the clerks in chancery shall agree in forming a new one : and , if they cannot agree , it shall be adjourned to the next parliament , where a writ shall be framed by consent of the learned in the law lest it happen for the future that the court of our lord the king be deficient in doing justice to the suitors . ”
And this accounts for the very great variety of writs of trespass on the case , to be met with in the register , whereby the suitor had ready relief according to the exigency of his business , and adapted to the specialty , reason , and equity of his very case .
Which provision ( with a little accuracy in the clerks of the chancery , and a little liberality in the judges , by extending rather than narrowing the remedial effects of the writ ) might have effectually answered all the purposes of a court of equity ; except that of obtaining a discovery by the oath of the defendant .
BUT when , about the end of the reign of king Edward III , uses of land were introduced , and , though totally discountenanced by the courts of common law , were considered as fiduciary deposits and binding in conscience by the clergy , the separate jurisdiction of the chancery as a court of equity began to be established ; and John Waltham , who was bishop of Salisbury and chancellor to king Richard II , by a strained interpretation of the above - mentioned statute of Westm .
2 . devised the writ of subpoena , returnable in the court of chancery only , to make the feoffee to uses accountable to his cestuy que use : which process was afterwards extended to other matters wholly determinable at the common law , upon false and fictitious suggestions ; for which therefore the chancellor himself is by statute 17 Ric. II .
c. 6 . directed to give damages to the parties unjustly aggrieved .
But as the clergy , so early as the reign of king Stephen , had attempted to turn their ecclesiastical courts into courts of equity , by entertaining suits pro laesione fidei [ for breach of faith ] , as a spiritual offense against conscience , in case of nonpayment of debts or any breach of civil contracts ; till checked by the constitutions of Clarendon , which declared that “ placita de debitis , quae fide interposita debentur , vel absque interpositione fidei , sint in justicia regis ” [ “ let those pleas of debts , which are due with or without the interposition of a trust , be in the king ’s jurisdiction ” ] : therefore probably the ecclesiastical chancellors , who then held the seal , were remiss in abridging their own new - acquired jurisdiction ; especially as the spiritual courts continued to grasp at the same authority as before , in suits pro laesione fidei , so late as the fifteenth century , till finally prohibited by the unanimous concurrence of all the judges .
However , it appears from the parliament rolls , that in the reigns of Henry IV and V the commons were repeatedly urgent to have the writ of subpoena entirely suppressed , as being a novelty devised by the subtlety of chancellor Waltham , against the form of the common law ; whereby no plea could be determined , unless by examination and oath of the parties , according to the form of the law civil , and the law of holy church , in subversion of the common law .
But though Henry IV , being then hardly warm in his throne , gave a palliating answer to their petitions , and actually passed the statute 4 Hen. IV . c. 23 . whereby judgments at law are declared irrevocable unless by attaint or writ of error , yet his son put a negative at once upon their whole application : and in Edward IV ’ time , the process by bill and subpoena was become the daily practice of the court .
BUT this did not extend very far : for in the ancient treatise , entitled diversite des courtes , supposed to be written very early in the sixteenth century , we have a catalogue of the matters of conscience then cognizable by subpoena in chancery , which fall within a very narrow compass .
No regular judicial system at that time prevailed in the court ; but the suitor , when he thought himself aggrieved , found a desultory and uncertain remedy , according to the private opinion of the chancellor , who was generally an ecclesiastic , or sometimes ( though rarely ) a statesman : no lawyer having sat in the court of chancery from the times of the chief justices Thorpe and Knyvet , successively chancellors to king Edward III in 1372 and 1373 , to the promotion of Sir Thomas More by king Henry III in 1530 .
After which the great seal was indiscriminately committed to the custody of lawyers , or courtiers , or churchmen , according as the convenience of the times and the disposition of the prince required , til sergeant Puckering was made lord keeper in 1592 : from which time to the present the court of chancery has always been filled by a lawyer , excepting the interval from 1621 to 1625 , when the seal was entrusted to Dr Williams , then dean of Westminster , but afterwards bishop of Lincoln ; who had been chaplain to lord Ellesmere , when chancellor .
IN the time of lord Ellesmere ( A. D. 1616 . ) arose that notable dispute between the courts of law and equity , set on foot by Sir Edward Coke , then chief justice of the court of king ’s bench ; whether a court of equity could give relief after or against a judgment at the common law .
This contest was so warmly carried on , that indictments were preferred against the suitors , the solicitors , the counsel , and even a master in chancery , for having incurred a praemunire [ forewarning ] , by questioning in a court of equity a judgment in the court of king ’s bench , obtained by gross fraud and imposition .
This matter , being brought before the king , was by him referred to his learned counsel for their advice and opinion ; who reported so strongly in favor of the courts of equity , that his majesty gave judgment on their behalf : but , not contented with the irrefragable reasons and precedents produced by his counsel , ( for the chief justice was clearly in the wrong ) he chose rather to decide the question by referring it to the plenitude of his royal prerogative .
Sir Edward
Coke submitted to the decision , and thereby made atonement for his error : but this struggle , together with the business of commendams ( in which he acted a very noble part ) and his controlling the commissioners of sewers , were the open and avowed causes , first of his suspension , and soon after of his removal , from his office .
LORD Bacon , who succeeded lord Ellesmere , reduced the practice of the court into a more regular system ; but dit not sit long enough to effect any considerable revolution in the science itself : and few of his decrees which have reached us are of any great consequence to posterity .
His successors , in the reign of Charles I , little to improve upon his plan : and even after the restoratin the seal was committed to the earl of Clarendon , who had withdrawn from practice as a lawyer near twenty years and afterwards to the earl of Shafsbury , who had never practiced at all .
Sir Heneage Finch , who succeeded in 1673 and became afterwards earl of Nottingham , was a person of the greatest abilities and most uncorrupted integrity ; a thorough master and zealous defender of the laws and constitution of his country ; and endued with a pervading genius , that enabled him to discover and to pursue the true spirit of justice , notwithstanding the embarafsments raised by the narrow and technical notions which then prevalied in the courts of law , and the imperfect ideas of redress which had possessed the courts of equity .
The reason and necessities of mankind , arising from the great change in property by the extension of trade and the abolition of military tenures , cooperated in establishing his plan , and enabled him in the course of nine years to build a system of jurisprudence and jurisdiction upon wide and rational foundtions ; which have also been extended and improved by many great men , who have since presided in chancery .
And from that time to this , the power and business of the court have increased to an amazing degree .
FROM this court of equity in chancery , as from the other superior courts , an appeal lies to the house of peers .
But there are these differences between appeals from a court of equity , and writs of error from a court of law : 1 . That the former may be brought upon any interlocutory matter , the latter upon noting but only a definitive judgment .
2 . That on writs of error the house of lords pronounces the judgment , on appeals it gives direction to the curt below to rectify its own decree .
IX .
THE next court that I shall mention is one that has no original jurisdiction , but is only a court of appeal , to correct the errors of other jurisdictions .
This is the court of exchequer chamber ; which was first erected by statute 31 Edw.
III .
c. 12 . to determine causes upon writs of error from the common law side of the court of exchequer .
And to that end it consists of the lord treasurer , the lord chancellor , and the justices of the king ’s bench and common pleas .
In imitation of which , a second court of exchequer chamber was erected by statute 27 Eliz. c. 8 . consisting of the justices of the common pleas , and the barons of the exchequer ; before whom writs of error may be brought to reverse judgments in certain suits originally begum in the court of king ’s bench .
Into the court also of exchequer chamber , ( which then consists of all the judges of the three superior courts and now and then the lord chancellor also ) are sometimes adjourned from the other courts such causes as the judges upon argument find to be of great weight and difficulty , before any judgment is given upon them in the court below .
FROM all the branches of this court of exchequer chamber , a writ of error lies to
X. THE house of peers , which is the supreme court of judicature in the kingdom , having at present no original jurisdiction over causes , but only upon appeals and writs of error ; to rectify any injustice or mistake of the law , committed by the courts below .
To this authority they succeeded of course , upon the dissolution of the aula regia .
For , as the barons of parliament were constituent members of that court , and the rest of its jurisdiction was dealt out to other tribunals , over which the great officers who accompanied those barons were respectively delegated to preside ; it followed , that the right of receiving appeals , and superintending all other jurisdictions , still remained in that noble assembly , from which every other great court was derived .
They are therefore in all causes the last resort , from whose judgment no farther appeal is permitted ; but every subordinate tribunal must conform to their determinations .
The law reposing an entire confidence in the honor and conscience of the noble persons who compose this important assembly , that they will make themselves masters of those questions upon which they undertake to decide ; since upon their decision all property must finally depend .
HITHERTO may also be referred the tribunal established by statute 14 Edw.
III .
c. 5 . consisting ( though now out of use ) of one prelate , two earls , and two barons , who are to be chosen at every new parliament , to hear complaints of grievances and delays of justice in the king ’s courts , and to give directions for remedying these inconveniences in the courts below .
This committee seems to have been established , lest there should be a defect of justice for want of a supreme court of appeal , during the intermission or recess of parliament ; for the statute farther directs , that if the difficulty be so great , that it may not well be determined without assent of parliament , it shall be brought by the said prelate , earls , and barons unto the next parliament , who shall finally determine the same .
XI .
BEFORE
I conclude this chapter , I must also mention an eleventh species of courts , of general jurisdiction and use , which are derived out of , and act as collateral auxiliaries to , the foregoing ; I mean the courts of assize and nisi prius [ unless before ] .
THESE are composed of two or more commissioners , who are twice in every year sent by the king ’s special commission all round the kingdom , ( except only London and Middlesex , where courts of nisi prius are held in and after every term , before the chief or other judge of the several superior courts ) to try by a jury of the respective counties the truth of such matters of fact as are then under dispute in the courts of Westminster - hall .
These judges of assize came into use in the room of the ancient justices in eyre [ circuit judge ] , justitiarii in itinere [ itinerant judges ] ; who were appointed by the great council of the realm , A. D. 1176 , 22 Hen .
II , with a delegated power from the king ’s great court or aula regia , being looked upon as members thereof : and they made their circuit round the kingdom once in seven years for the purpose of trying causes .
They were afterwards directed by Magna Carta , c. 12 .
to be sent into every county once a year to take or try certain actions then called recognition or assizes ; the most difficult of which they are directed to adjourn into the court of common pleas to be there determined .
The present justices of assize and nisi prius are derived from the statute Westm .
2 . 13 . Edw. I. c. 30 . explained by several other acts , particularly the statute 14 Edw.
III .
c. 16 . and must be two of the king ’s justices of the one bench or the other , or the chief baron of the exchequer , or the king ’s sergeants sworn .
They usually make their circuits in the respective vacations after Hilary and Trinity terms ; assizes being allowed to be taken in the holy time of lent by consent of the bishops at the king ’s request , as expressed in statute Westm .
1 . 3 . Edw . I. c. 51 .
And it was also usual , during the times of popery , for the prelates to grant annual licenses to the justices of assize to administer oaths in holy times : for oaths being of a sacred nature , the logic of those deluded ages concluded that they must be of ecclesiastical cognizance .
The prudent jealousy of our ancestors ordained that no man of law should be judge of assize in his own country : and a similar prohibition is found in the civil law ; which has carried this principle so far , that it is equivalent to the crime of sacrilege for a man to be governor of the province in which he was born , or has any civil connection .
THE judges upon their circuits sit by virtue of five several authorities .
1 . The commission of the peace .
2 . A commission of oyer and terminer [ hear and determine ] .
3 . A commission of general jail - delivery .
The consideration of all which belongs properly to the subsequent book of these commentaries .
But the fourth commission is ,
4 . A commission of assize , directed to the judges and clerk of assize , to take assizes ; that is , to take the verdict of a peculiar species of jury called an assize and summoned for the trial of landed disputes , of which hereafter .
The other authority is , 5 .
That of nisi prius , which as a consequence of the commission of assize , being annexed to the office of those justices by the statute of Westm .
2 . 13 Edw. I. c. 30 .
And it empowers them to try all questions of fact issuing out of the courts at Westminster , that are then ripe for trial by jury .
The original of the name is this : all causes commenced in the courts of Westminster - hall are by the course of the courts appointed to be there tried , on a day fixed in some Easter or Michaelmas term , by a jury returned from the county , wherein the cause of action arises ; but with this proviso , nisi prius justitiarii ad assisas capiendas venerint ; unless before the day prefixed the judges of assize come into the county in question .
This they are sure to do in the vacations preceding each Easter and Michaelmas terms , and there dispose of the cause ; which saves much expense and trouble , both to the parties , the jury , and the witnesses .
THESE are the several courts of common law and equity , which are of public and general jurisdiction throughout the kingdom .
And , upon the whole , we cannot but admire the wise economy and admirable provision of our ancestors , in settling the distribution of justice in a method so well calculated for cheapness , expedition , and ease .
By the constitution which they established , all trivial debts , and injuries of small consequence , were to be recovered or redressed in every man ’s own county , hundred , or perhaps parish .
Pleas of freehold , and more important disputes of property , were adjourned to the king ’s court of common pleas , which was fixed in one place for the benefit of the whole kingdom .
Crimes and misdemeanors were to be examined in a court by themselves ; and matters of the revenue in another distinct jurisdiction .
Now indeed , for the ease of the subject and greater dispatch of causes , methods have been found to open all the three superior courts for the redress of private wrongs ; which have remedied many inconveniences , and yet preserved the forms and boundaries handed down to us from high antiquity .
If facts are disputed , they are sent down to be tried in the country by the neighbors ; but the law , arising upon those facts , is determined by the judges above : and , if they are mistaken in point of law , there remain in both cases two successive courts of appeal , to rectify such their mistakes .
If the rigor of general rules does in any case bear hard upon individuals , courts of equity are open to supply the defects , but not sap the fundamentals , of the law .
Lastly , there presides over all one great court of appeal , which is the last resort in matters both of law and equity ; and which will therefore take care to preserve an uniformity and equilibrium among all the inferior jurisdictions : a court composed of prelates selected for their piety , and of nobles advanced to that honor for their personal merit , or deriving both honor and merit from an illustrious train of ancestors ; who are formed by their education , interested by their property , and bound upon their conscience and honor , to be skilled in the laws of their country .
This is a faithful sketch of the English juridical constitution , as designed by the masterly hands of our forefathers .
Of which the great original lines are still strong and visible ; and , if any of its minuter strokes are by the length of time at all obscured or decayed , they may still be with ease restored to their pristine vigor : and that not so much by fanciful alterations and wild experiments ( so frequent in this fertile age ) as by closely adhering to the wisdom of the ancient plan , concerted by Alfred and perfected by Edward I ; and by attending to the spirit , without neglecting the forms , of their excellent and venerable institutions .
[ Transcript below . ]
Hi , YouTube .
This is Angie the Antitheist .
This is not a scripted video , so I apologize for the higher incidents of ums and you knows .
I found out about a week ago , Saturday , that I was pregnant .
Um , for a variety of reasons , including , uh , very high health risks for me , I am having an abortion .
Right now .
They have abortion by pill now — RU -486 .
I went to the doctor , Planned Parenthood , had blood tests and everything else done ; they did a sonogram to check the state of my pregnancy ; I 'm at only four weeks , one — I was at only four weeks , one day , when I went into the office on Thursday .
Um , they sent me home with some medicines ; I 've taken those .
They take awhile to set in ; I ended up actually going and getting a second dose , uh , but , uh , yeah , I 'm having an abortion right now .
It 's not that bad .
It 's not that scary .
It 's basically like a miscarriage .
I 'm live - tweeting my abortion on Twitter .
Not for some publicity stunt , or attention , or to justify this to myself ; I am at peace with my decision .
I 'm doing this to demystify abortion .
I 'm doing this so that other women know , " Hey , it 's not nearly as terrifying as I had myself worked up thinking it was . "
It 's just not that bad .
This is nothing compared to childbirth .
Compared to labor .
Compared to , for me and my risks , late - stage pregnancy .
This is the best choice .
And it 's not that bad .
And I want people to know that it's out there , that , if you need this , there 's non-surgical options available , especially in the earliest stage of pregnancy .
Um , obviously , everybody use protection , uh , sometimes that does n't work , and , when it does n't , there 's the morning - after pill , and , if you 're not in time for that , there 's RU - 486 .
So , I just wanna let everybody know that , uh , you , too , can have an abortion , if you want one .
It 's okay .
It 's not shameful .
It 's not secret .
It 's not killing a child .
I have a little boy .
You guys have seen him on my video channel .
He is my world .
I wanna stay alive and be his mom for a lot longer .
So I 'm having an abortion .
Shakers KarateMonkey and Leah emailed me about Angie the Anti-Theist , a blogger whose birth control failed , resulting in a pregnancy which she decided to terminate .
And she decided to use the occasion of her abortion to talk about it , via Twitter and YouTube .
" I 'm doing this to demystify abortion , " she explains .
" I just wanna let everybody know that you , too , can have an abortion , if you want one . "
Every once in a while the President , or one of his minions , will patrol Westwood 's hallways looking for unsuspecting victims , or some other interesting subject , and take their picture .
Through these images , you can get a small glimpse of what it 's like to work at Westwood .
Be sure to check back often !
Click on any of the small images below to get a larger color image .
ABOVE : " What some people will do to look younger . "
ABOVE : " Our brand new building ! "
ABOVE : " The old studio gets a coat of paint . "
ABOVE : " Everyone wants to work at Westwood . "
ABOVE : " The sound department ... man what a job ! "
ABOVE : " Another beautiful southern nevada sunset . "
ABOVE : " Westwood 's Command & Conquer " RULES " Gencon 1995 ! "
ABOVE : " Where 'd this thing come from ? . "
ABOVE : " How 's this for carpooling . "
Phones have evolved to allow us to take everyday tools and gadgets and incorporate them into a little device in our pockets .
Just as the first handsets replaced long distance radio receivers , smartphones are allowing us to replace a whole host of devices in and around the home .
In this article we look into some of the less obvious objects we can expect our smartphones to help improve and ultimately replace .
1. Satellite Navigation Systems
If you have bought a new phone in the last couple of years , it is highly likely that it will have a Global Positioning Satellite ( GPS ) chip built into it .
Most smartphones have incorporated maps into their software but the availability of turn - by - turn directions is lacking on the majority of devices .
The newer Android and Nokia powered handsets feature satellite navigation , aswell as the Apple iPhone via third party apps .
Satellite Navigation manufacturers have downplayed the effect of mobile phones on the satellite navigation market , highlighting the development of integrated solutions in vehicles that deliver more advanced features to it ’s users .
Whilst navigation features on a mobile phone are limited to the size and processing power of the handset , the sheer existence of GPS equipped mobile devices can only drive competition and feature development , benefiting the consumer .
Over the next couple of years we can expect nearly all phones available in affluent countries to feature a satellite navigation application , possibly eradicating the demand for portable GPS devices in the process .
2. The Humble Alarm Clock
Gone are the days of waking up to the bells ringing on your beside table , early - risers these days choosing to startle themselves into alertness using it ’s digital counterpart .
For many , a mobile phone serves as a completely viable and useful alternative to an alarm clock .
Alarm clock applications are two - a- penny on the Apple App Store offering more functionality than the inbuilt clock application on the device , some bringing you a more soothing way to start your day .
Whilst older generations will stick to the methods they know and love , the sheer number and diversity of alarm applications available to smartphone owners could ensure the use of the alarm clocks are drastically reduced , if not revised to offer similar functionality at a reasonable price .
3. Remote Controls
Remote controls , at least in my home , used to dominate my coffee table until I invested in a Logitech Harmony remote to consolidated them all .
Mobile handsets have featured infra-red ports for a number of years now but have been gradually phased out in favour of WIFI and Bluetooth connectivity .
As television sets and associated hardware evolve to incorporate IP functionality and wireless technologies , we can expect a number of apps being made available to mimic devices such as the Logitech Harmony .
It ’s difficult to imagine the infra-red remote being completely replaced but would definitely benefit people who will appreciate being able to change the channel / song / DVD chapter from another room .
4. Payment Terminals
Smartphones are “ always on ” , by default they are accessing information from networks at all times .
Handsets already connect to the same networks as mobile payment terminals so to think they will be able to mimic the same functionality is n’t too hard to imagine .
Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey has already ventured into mobile - payments via his new startup called Square .
Square is a service that allows a person to attach a small device to an Apple iPhone to process credit card payments , geotag the payment locations on a map , and e-mail a receipt to the buyer .
Smartphones could soon begin to incorporate compact card readers allowing it ’s owner to take payments from friends and customers ( it is already available in Japan ) .
It might not be a sustainable alternative for larger businesses but the small readers could help friends settle bets , tabs and loans in a matter of seconds .
5. Your Wallet
To think a smartphone could replace your wallet is a little far - fetched , if not a little scary .
In reality , your identification is already digitally stored by government databases so why would n’t you be able to store all of your cards and cash digitally ?
As we have mentioned above , smartphones may soon have the capacity to take mobile payments and banking apps are already available for devices such as the Apple iPhone .
Being able to access , authorize and make payments using your smartphone is a very real possibility .
Smartphone screens are beginning to harness AMOLED technology , delivering clearer and significantly brighter images .
This could open the possibility to simply wave your smartphone in front of a reader to access travel routes and identify yourself in sensitive areas .
Soon you could leave the house with your phone and your keys , leaving your wallet at home .
6. Car Keys
The automotive industry are beginning to move away from physical car keys , instead utilising wireless fobs and proximity sensors to unlock and start a car .
The most popular smartphones do n’t have the capability to remotely start a car but it has been successfully implemented in Japan .
Japanese car giant Nissan , along with NTT DoCoMo Inc , Japan ’s biggest mobile operator , worked together to incorporate an “ Intelligent Key ” into it ’s mobile phones .
This allowed Nissan car owners to open their car doors by standing in close proximity of the car and turn on the ignition when the driver was sitting in the driving seat .
Knowing the technology is already there in Japan , it can only be a matter of time until car manufacturers and mobile operators combine to do the same on a large scale in Europe and The Americas .
7. Portable USB Storage
Smartphones are beginning to offer large amounts of storage by incorporating both integrated storage and the ability to add extra space by way of an external SD card .
External memory cards are consistently lowering in price , making it a very cheap alternative to a physical USB key .
Mobile operating systems are beginning to be deployed with file managers , allowing you to effectively deal with different types of files you have on your device .
They help facilitate the transferring of files between storage card and the integrated disk , much like a PC .
Smartphones communicate with The Cloud to serve your email and social networking information , a method that services such as Dropbox employ for the backing up and serving of photos , files and music .
You would n’t need a USB key if your smartphone could automatically pull all of your files from The Cloud .
8. Video Conferencing / Projectors
When you think of 3D presentations , you will automatically imagine wearing a pair of 3D glasses .
As the first 3D enabled high definition televisions are being rolled out , without the need for glasses , you ca n’t help but imagine being able to view a 3D presentation projected from the screen of your smartphone .
Mobile operators around the world are beginning to mobilise their 4G networks , offering super - fast connections to connected devices .
If smartphones could pack in the technology , 4G networks would be able to provide significant bandwidth to allow businesses to connect with their staff and clients by way of a mobile 3D tele - conference .
Consumers would see the benefits , connecting to friends and family by way of a 3D video chat .
Conclusion
It ’s logical to assume smartphones could reduce the need for dedicated gadgets like point - and - click cameras , mini-camcorders and MP3 players , all of which are already fully featured in most smartphones today .
The scope for innovation in smartphone technology is huge , there are lots of different features that smartphones will offer in the future .
All we can do is speculate what will be the next must - have feature will be .
What do you feel your phone will end up replacing ?
Leave your thoughts in the comments below .
Read next : Facebook Will Rat You Out To The Cops
Newzbin , the Internet 's premier Usenet indexer , has lost its High Court case against several Hollywood movie studios .
Justice Kitchin found the company , which turned over more than £ 1 million in 2009 , liable for copyright infringement and will issue an injunction restricting its activities later this week .
The London High Court showdown between Twentieth Century Fox , Universal , Warner Bros. , Paramount , Disney , Columbia Pictures and Newzbin Ltd ended earlier this month .
Mr Adrian Speck represented the claimants , with David Harris and later Ms Jane Lambert representing Newzbin .
The case was heard before Mr Justice Kitchin , who this morning delivered his lengthy decision which is summarized below .
The claimants said that Newzbin is a site focused on piracy .
It does this by locating and categorizing illicit copies of movies and displays the titles in its indexes , providing users who search for such items a facility to download the items with one click .
Newzbin conversely said that its site is a “ content agnostic ” search engine very much like Google , and is designed to index all of Usenet .
It offers only hyperlinks , meaning that users can access material directly from their Usenet provider , an activity Newzbin plays no part in .
Mr Speck represented the claimants throughout the case but Mr Harris dropped out of defending Newzbin on February 10th when it became apparent he had acquired shares in Newzbin .
Ms Lambert took over from him when the trial resumed on 2 March 2010 .
The claimants used Andrew Clark , Head of Forensics at Detica Limited , as their expert witness .
His description of Usenet was not challenged in court .
Newzbin is run by Chris Elsworth ( aka “ Caesium ” ) , Thomas Hurst ( aka “ Freaky ” ) and Lee Skillen ( aka “ Kalante ” ) .
All three were , until recently , directors and shareholders in Newzbin .
Court documents give a perhaps surprising insight into the size of the Newzbin business .
Its accounts for 2009 reveal that it turned over in excess of £ 1 million , yielded a profit of more than £ 360,000 and paid dividends on ordinary shares of £ 415,000 .
It has around 700,000 members .
Newzbin ’s help guides were referred to in the decision .
They state that the site can help people find what they ’re looking for , “ whether that be obscure music , tv shows , games or movies .
Think of us as a TV guide , but we ’re a guide that applies to Usenet . ”
In addition to various features offered by the site , focus was placed on the function and offering of .
NZB files – Usenet ’s nearest equivalent to . torrent files .
Expert witness
Mr Clark demonstrated how they could be used to retrieve a copy of a Harry Potter movie via Newzbin with the Usenet client , GrabIt .
The titles of categories used by Newzbin to index content were highlighted , such as Anime , Apps , Books , Consoles , Emulation , Games , Movies , Music , PDA and TV .
Sub-sections of the Movies category were highlighted including CAM , Screener , Telesync , R5 Retail , Blu-Ray , DVD , HD - DVD DivX , XviD .
A witness for FACT , the Federation Against Copyright
Theft , explained in detail why some of these categories are a “ strong indication ” of piracy .
Newzbin has members called ‘ editors ’ who help to compile reports on material to be found on Usenet .
Newzbin ’s own documentation was used to show that the site encouraged editors to post links to movies .
The verdict notes that to assist editors useful links to IMDb and VCDQuality are provided , the latter being useful to provide information about “ screeners ” .
Referencing rules that Newzbin publishes for the attention of editors , ostensibly to protect the site ( i.e not posting NZB ‘s which link to warez , movies or music ) , Justice Kitchin states that these warnings are “ entirely cosmetic ” , are not intended , nor are they adhered to .
Newzbin knew that infringing copies were being made available to users and yet no action was taken against editors , he wrote .
Referring to groups indexed by Newzbin such as alt .
binaries .warez , Justice Kitchin said he is satisfied that the term ‘ warez ’ refers to content protected by copyright from illicit sources .
Newzbin , he said , is therefore designed to search newsgroups which contain infringing material , an assertion that Newzbin ’s Chris Elsworth had no “ satisfactory explanation ” for .
Justice Kitchin said Newzbin “ encouraged its editors to report and has assisted its users to gain access ” to infringing copies of movies .
Newzbin was also criticized for its “ delisting ” or notice and takedown procedures , which were referred to as a “ cosmetic ” and “ cumbersome ” mechanism designed to “ render it impractical ” for rights holders to have material removed .
Justice Kitchin went on to reject Newzbin ’s assertion that an insignificant amount of links in their database relate to infringing content .
Around 50,000 reports ( . NZBs ) were checked and around 97 % had a valid link to IMDb ( TF : Kitchin apparently assumes that everything on IMDB is not free to share ) , 0.7 % to Amazon and a further 1.5 % were otherwise shown to be commercially available .
Only 0.3 % were not shown to be commercially available , evidence which the court found “ extremely powerful ” .
The verdict addresses in some detail whether Newzbin had knowledge of infringing material being made available via the site .
Newzbin said they did not but would ’ve taken action to remove items and take action against any editor posting such material .
Justice Kitchen said “ a very different picture ” emerged when Elsworth was cross-examined .
A transcript of the questioning reveals Elsworth being aggressively cross-examined over the nature of the Blu - Ray category on the site and whether it would contain copyright infringing material .
“ I am satisfied that Mr Elsworth well knew that these categories were primarily intended for new commercial films , ” wrote Justice Kitchin , while referencing a comment made by Elsworth in January 2007 where he notes that Blu - Ray had “ been cracked officially ” .
The verdict also states that Newzbin was told that the site is being used to infringe the claimants ’ copyrights , yet no action has been taken against those reports ( NZBs ) , the editors that reported them , or users that downloaded them .
Justice Kitchin said that considering the structure of Newzbin , the way they categorize content and the way they have encouraged editors to report movies , he has no doubt that Newzbin knew that “ the vast majority of films in the Movies category of Newzbin are commercial and so very likely to be protected by copyright , and that members of Newzbin who use its NZB facility to download those materials , including the claimants ’ films , are infringing that copyright . ”
For the claimants , Mr Clark gave evidence that it would be straightforward for Newzbin to restrict access to the Movie and TV categories on the site and / or employ a filter based on a list of titles provided by the movie companies .
Justice Kitchin said that the Newzbin programmers are skilled enough to implement “ an effective content filtering system . ”
Justice Kitchin found that :
i ) Newzbin operates a site “ designed and intended to make infringing copies of films readily available to its premium members ” .
ii )
The site is structured to promote infringement by guiding members to infringing copies via NZBs .
iii )
Use of the NZB feature “ inevitably ” results in the creation of an infringing copy .
iv ) Newzbin encouraged and induced its editors to make reports of movies protected by copyright and assisted users to infringe by providing advice .
v) Newzbin profited from infringement .
Newzbin was found liable to the claimants for infringement of their copyrights because it authorized the copying of their movies , “ procured and engaged with its premium members in a common design to copy the claimants ’ films ” and communicated the claimants ’ movies to the public .
The claimants appear to be seeking a broad injunction against Newzbin which would prevent it from including any item which infringes copyright in their index .
This would extend to all works , not just those to which the claimants own the copyright .
Justice Kitchin wrote that he will not grant such a broad injunction and would instead impose limits on its scope to restrain Newzbin from infringing the copyrights of those movies to which the plaintiffs own the copyright .
“ We welcome the Court ’s decision today , ” said Ted Shapiro , the Motion Picture Association ’s general counsel for Europe .
“ Newzbin is a source of immense damage to the creative sector in the UK and worldwide .
This is an important decision and it sends a clear message that websites focusing on providing viewers with pirated film and TV programmes infringe copyright and are liable for their actions even where those websites do n’t themselves host the content .
“ This decision will help to support the continued investment in new legal online services and the creation of new films and television shows for enjoyment by audiences both in the UK and around the world . ”
Newzbin was given the opportunity to contribute to this and earlier articles , but did not respond to our requests .
The exact terms of the injunction will be announced later this week .
The Toronto Maple Leafs announced Thursday that they have signed defenceman Jesse Blacker to a standard three - year entry level contract .
He will report to the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) tomorrow .
Blacker , 18 , was originally selected by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the second round , 58th overall , in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft .
He played in one preseason game for Toronto in September .
Blacker skated in 57 games this season in the Ontario Hockey League , posting 33 points ( six goals , 27 assists ) and 74 penalty minutes .
The Toronto , Ontario native played in 48 games with the Owen Sound Attack , recording six goals and 24 assists to go along with 62 penalty minutes .
The 6 ’1 , 190 - pound defenceman appeared in nine games with the Windsor Spitfires at the start of the season before being traded to the Attack , registering three assists .
His second season with the Spitfires in 2008 - 09 culminated in a Memorial Cup Championship after 20 post - season games .
The Marlies host the Hamilton Bulldogs , AHL affiliate of the Montreal Canadiens , on Saturday afternoon at Ricoh Coliseum at 4 p.m .
On Sunday , the Marlies face - off against the Abbotsford Heat , AHL affiliate of the Calgary Flames , at 1 p.m .
The game will be broadcast live on CBC .
Fans can listen to all Toronto Marlies regular season games on THE FAN 590 or fan590.com .
For ticket information , including season ticket packages and group seating , visit www.torontomarlies.com or call the team ’s ticket line at 416- 597 - PUCK .
When Canon released the 5D Mark II , many who wanted to utilize the HD - video recording capabilities were disappointed that it only offered 30 frames per second ( fps ) and not 24 .
Today , after a long wait , Canon has finally released version 2.0.3 of the firmware that brings 24 fps ( actually 23.976 fps ) to the 5DMkII .
Here ’s why this matters :
24 fps is a desirable frame rate because it delivers video that has a cinematic look and feel .
Of course , many other factors contribute to giving video a “ movie look ” , but frames per second is a big component .
Virtually every movie you see at the movie theater was filmed at 24 fps ( also known as 24p ) .
On the other hand , most of the stuff you see on television is shot at 30 fps , which is closer to how our eyes naturally see .
This means there can be less motion blur , making it more suitable for things such as sports and news .
This is also why most TV shows do n’t have a “ movie feel ” to them .
The problem is that video cannot be perfectly converted from 30 fps to 24 fps , or vice versa .
Thus , those who used the 5D Mark II were either stuck with the native 30 fps or less than ideal 24 fps if they somehow convert it .
Now , with the firmware update , the 5D Mark II can naturally obtain the movie - like quality that many have waited so long for .
If you have a 5D Mark II , you can download the firmware update from Canon ’s website .
Australians Will Be Able to Earn $ 10,000 a Year Supplying Grid From Rooftop Solar
January 6th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
The New South Wales government has just introduced a Solar Bonus Scheme that could have residents earning as much as $ 10,000 a year to send clean electricity to the grid from solar panels on their own roofs .
The incentive is a Feed - in Tariff like the one that was so popular in Germany that they ran out of solar panels last year , and that shook up the global solar market when Spain introduced theirs a few years ago , because they paid enough so that average homeowners could earn money from adding solar panels on their roofs .
The NSW government expects that most homeowner ’s earnings would tend to be more in the range of $ 1,500 a year , just based on extra roof space estimates .
But they could be in for a surprise .
German homeowners were very resourceful in finding space somewhere for solar arrays , even over fences , churches , barns and pastures , once offered a way to pay for a renewable energy power plant without going into debt .
A Feed -in Tariff is a cash payment for renewable electricity produced , by anybody .
You do n’t have to be a utility to make electricity and supply it to the grid .
If you have enough space ( and sun ) on your roof to supply both your own electricity needs and some extra for the grid , that extra going to the grid is paid for by your utility .
Two essentials are needed to make a Feed - in Tariff succeed :
The payment must be cash .
A “ credit ” on your bill that expires at the end of each year , like California offers , tends to discourage homeowners from installing over - sized systems that send free energy to the utility .
At least two to one payment ratio .
The relationship between the retail cost that you pay for your utility electricity , and the amount that your utility must pay you if you supply it .
Germany initially paid three times the retail rate .
NSW electricity costs 19 cents per kwh , and they will pay 60 cents per kwh .
That is why this is poised for the same kind of rocketing success that Germany saw with three times retail , and perhaps even more , as Australia is blessed with great insolation .
Both the German and the Spanish programs have contributed to the drop in solar prices that benefit everybody worldwide , by increasing solar adoption so fast .
The three to one rates do n’t have to remain that high .
Germany has now tapered down its incentive to two times the retail rate .
Feed - in Tariffs are a way to push renewable energy onto the grid fast and affordably , both for homeowners , and for utility ratepayers who no longer have to subsidize either the new utility - scale power plants that would otherwise have to be built , or the new transmission costs to bring the power from them .
Image : Flikr user Margil
Source : Energy Matters Australia
More from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
They know that the financial fat cats are fighting the creation of a truly independent Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
They know that while ordinary Americans are kept out of the corridors of power , the elites with their lobbyists and lawyers and campaign contributions have a voice in every important decision that is made .
It ’s not the message that ’s a problem for Mr. Obama and the Democrats , it ’s the all - too - clear reality .
People know that the government that is supposed to be looking out for ordinary people  for working people and the poor  is not doing nearly enough about an employment crisis that is lowering standards of living and hollowing out the American dream .
This is not just a short - term crisis .
There are many communities across the country in which the effective jobless rate is higher than 50 percent .
Many state and local governments are grappling with disastrous revenue shortfalls that are forcing cuts in services and layoffs , and threatening the viability of even a modest national economic recovery .
A University of Michigan survey of consumer sentiment in February found that 60 percent of American consumers expect to receive no income gains at all in the year ahead , the worst finding in that category in the history of the surveys .
The Republican Party has nothing in the way of solutions to Americans ’ economic plight .
It is committed only to the demented policy of trying to ensure that President Obama and the Democrats fail .
But the fact that the Republicans are pathetic and destructive is no reason for the Democrats to shirk their obligation to fight powerfully and relentlessly for the economic well - being of all Americans .
There are now six people in the employment market for every available job .
There is a staggering backlog of discouraged workers who would show up tomorrow if there were a job to be had .
The many millions of new jobs needed to make a real dent in the employment crisis are not going to materialize by themselves .
Mr. Obama and the Democrats do n’t seem to understand that .
An extra -tall wave struck a cruise ship off the Mediterranean coast of Spain this week , claiming two lives and injuring one person on board .
Though the wave may not qualify as a " rogue wave , " it could have been created by the same forces .
To officially be rogue , the wave 's height must be more than double the " significant wave height " of the area , which is calculated by averaging the height of the tallest third of all the nearby waves .
The wave measured 26 feet tall and shattered plate - glass windows at the bow of the vessel .
Still , it was n't very tall compared to some of the waves oceanographer Libe Washburn of UC Santa Barbara has seen .
" I was surprised it was really that damaged by a 26 - foot - high wave , " Washburn said .
" Twenty - six feet is n't that big . "
Until recently , scientists were skeptical that rogue waves even exist , because evidence of them was mostly anecdotal .
More often called " freak waves , " these monsters of the sea were confirmed only six years ago by satellite images and extensive studies carried out by MaxWave , a research group funded by the European Commission .
Waves over 100 feet tall have been spotted by oceanographers , scientists and vessel passengers .
The highest wave ever recorded was 112 feet tall , spotted in the Pacific by a U.S. Navy tanker in the 1920s .
Now , whenever large ships get lost at sea and never return , many are quick to speculate they were victims of rogue waves .
Rogue waves occur in the open ocean in a number of ways .
One common cause is when two smaller waves coalesce to produce a very large wave for a short time .
" You get waves that add up – smaller waves that constructively interfere and for a short time produce a very large wave , " Washburn said .
" When they add up , they can make an extra high crest and an extra deep trough . "
Another way rogue waves propagate is when an ocean wave encounters a very strong current that 's running counter to the direction of the wave , according to Washburn .
The Agulhas Current , which flows down the eastern coast of South Africa , is notorious for producing rogue waves .
" It 's very dangerous at the Agulhas , " Washburn said .
" Even if you 're on a big ship , that does n't mean you 're any safer . "
Storm - related wind is a factor as well .
Strong winds transfer energy into the waves , creating interactions between them .
Large waves take energy from smaller ones , creating a bigger and bigger wave , said oceanographer Peter Challenor of the National Oceanography Centre in the United Kingdom , in an interview with Agence France - Presse .
Images : 1 ) NOAA .
2 ) NASA .
We 're happy to announce a new open source project called Almost Native Graphics Layer Engine , or ANGLE for short .
The goal of ANGLE is to layer WebGL 's subset of the OpenGL ES 2.0 API over DirectX 9.0c API calls .
We 're open - sourcing ANGLE under the BSD license as an early work - in - progress , but when complete , it will enable browsers like Google Chrome to run WebGL content on Windows computers without having to rely on OpenGL drivers .
Current browser implementations of WebGL need to be able to issue graphics commands to desktop OpenGL to render content .
This requirement is n't a problem on computers running OS X or Linux , where OpenGL is the primary 3D API and therefore enjoys solid support .
On Windows , however , most graphics - intensive apps use Microsoft Direct3D APIs instead of OpenGL , so OpenGL drivers are not always available .
Unfortunately , this situation means that even if they have powerful graphics hardware , many Windows machines can't render WebGL content because they do n't have the necessary OpenGL drivers installed .
ANGLE will allow Windows users to run WebGL content without having to find and install new drivers for their system .
Because ANGLE aims to implement most of the OpenGL ES 2.0 API , the project may also be useful for developers who are working on applications for mobile and embedded devices .
ANGLE should make it simpler to prototype these applications on Windows , and also gives developers new options for deploying production versions of their code to the desktop .
We hope that other WebGL implementors and others in the graphics community will join us to make ANGLE successful !
For more info on ANGLE and to access the code repository , visit the new project on Google Code or join our discussion group
Posted by Henry Bridge , Product Manager
With stories abounding of identity theft aided by information lifted from discarded storage devices , you want devices you no longer plan to use to have no usable information when they head out the door .
Here 's how to wipe them clean .
Advertisement
Why Erasing Files Is Not Enough
Sure , you could erase the contents of the drive , but keep this in mind : the act of erasing a file does not remove it from a storage device .
Advertisement
When you erase / delete a file from your computer , it 's not really gone until the areas of the disk it used are overwritten by new information .
If you use the normal Windows delete function , the " deleted " file is sent to the Recycle Bin until the space it uses is required by other files .
If you use Shift - Delete to bypass the Recycle Bin , the space occupied by the file is marked as available for other files .
However , the file could be recovered days or even weeks later with third - party data recovery software .
As long as the operating system does not reuse the space occupied by a file with another file , the " deleted " file can be recovered .
With SSDs , the erased file situation is even more complex .
SSDs store data in blocks rather than in sectors as with magnetic storage .
Overwriting a block was previously used involves copying the contents of the block to cache , wiping the block 's contents , delete the block to be overwritten from cache , writing the new data to cache , and rewriting the block with the new data .
As an SSD is used with files that are deleted or changed frequently , the performance can drop unless the drive ( and operating system ) support a technology called TRIM that wipes out deleted data blocks as soon as the file using the blocks is deleted .
TRIM is supported by Windows 7 and by some late model SSDs , but not by older Windows versions .
So , disk wiping can be both a security feature and a performance improvement strategy .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Data Wiping Versus File Erasure
While erasing files simply marks file space as available for reuse , data wiping overwrites all data space on a storage device , replacing useful data with garbage data .
Depending upon the method used , the overwrite data could be zeros ( also known as " zero - fill " ) or could be various random patterns .
Advertisement
Products that can be used for wiping hard disks might not be suitable for wiping other types of drives .
In this article , we will look at methods for securely wiping hard disks , USB flash memory devices , flash memory cards , and SSDs .
Zero -Fill a Hard Disk
Time Needed : several hours ( varies with size and speed of drive )
Software : Hard disk utility software from your drive vendor
Media : blank CD or floppy disk
Advertisement
Although writing zeroes across the entire hard disk surface ( aka " zero - filling " ) is not sufficient to meet government data sanitation ( disk wiping ) standards such as DoD 5220 .
22 - M or the more comprehensive Standards and Technologies ( NIST ) Special Publication 800 - 88 , overwriting the entire hard disk prevents most types of data recovery from being successful .
Here 's where to get zero - fill software from hard disk vendors :
Hitachi
Drive Fitness
Test ( see website for specific models supported )
http://www.hitachigst.com/hdd/support/do…
Select the Erase Drive feature to zero - fill your hard disk
Advertisement
Samsung
HUtil ( see website for specific models supported )
http://www.samsung.com/global/busines…
Use Tool , Erase HDD to zero - fill your hard disk
Advertisement
Seagate ( including Maxtor )
SeaTools for DOS ( see website for specific models supported )
http://www.seagate.com/www/en-us/support/downloads/seatools
Use Full Erase to zero - fill your hard disk
Advertisement
Western Digital
Data Lifeguard Diagnostics ( select drive model for specific version recommended )
http://support.wdc.com/product/downlo…
Use Write Zeros to drive to zero - fill your hard disk
Advertisement
1. Determine the brand and model of hard disk you want to overwrite .
2. Download a CD ISO image or a floppy disk image ( depending upon your equipment ) and use the image to create bootable media .
The floppy disk image is self - contained : run it , insert a blank floppy disk when prompted , and the image is created on the disk .
You will need to use a CD burning program that works with ISO images to convert the ISO image into a bootable CD .
3. Restart your computer with the bootable media you created in Step 2 .
4 . Select the hard disk to zero - fill when prompted .
5 . Choose the option to zero - fill the hard disk .
Advertisement
6 . When the program is finished , follow the on - screen instructions to shut down or restart your computer .
7 . Remove the wiped hard disk ; you can now reuse or recycle the hard disk .
Advertisement
Secure Wiping a Hard Disk
Secure wiping goes beyond zero - fill operations , and provides an extra level of security .
Most secure wiping programs are designed to meet DoD 5220 standards , which require three passes of overwriting with a special numeric pattern and verification .
More information about this and other secure standards are available from the DataErasure website .
Advertisement
( Note that the 2007 revision of the Defense Security Service , Updated DSS Clearing and Sanitization Matrix ( June 28 , 2007 ) ( PDF ) now recommends degaussing or drive destruction for maximum protection .
Advertisement
Stanford University 's Disk and Data Sanitization Policy and Guidelines , a must - read for understanding data wiping issues , recommends Darik 's Boot and Nuke ( DBAN ) for secure hard disk wiping .
Secure Wiping a Hard Disk with DBAN
Time Needed : several hours ( varies with size and speed of drive )
Software : Darik 's Boot and Nuke ( DBAN ) ; available from http://www.dban.org/
Media : blank CD ( all versions ) or floppy disk ( version 1.0.7 and older versions )
Advertisement
1. Download the DBAN boot image ZIP file ( we used version 1.0.7 and beta version 2.0 for this article ) ; we downloaded the ISO image for CD burning , but a floppy disk builder is also available
2. Extract the contents of the compressed file .
3 . Burn the ISO image file extracted in Step 2 to CD ; see our article on how to do this , or use the built - in ISO CD image burning support in Windows 7 .
If you downloaded the floppy image builder , run the program to create a bootable floppy disk .
4. Restart the computer using the CD or floppy disk created in Step 3 .
5. Press Enter to run DBAN in interactive mode .
6 . Use up and down arrow keys to highlight the drive to wipe .
7 . Press the space bar to select the drive .
8. Press M to select the wiping method .
9. Press F10 to begin the wipe process .
Advertisement
10 .
At the end of the process , shut down the system .
You can reuse or recycle the wiped hard disk .
Note : if DBAN is unable to recognize your SATA hard disks , configure your system BIOS to use IDE mode rather than AHCI mode .
Advertisement
Wiping Flash Memory Cards and USB Drives
Programs such as DBAN or vendor - supplied hard disk utilities are limited in the devices they support : they are designed to work with internal ATA / IDE or SATA hard disks only .
Programs that work with flash memory cards and USB flash drives often support hard disks as well , enabling you to use a single program for all disk wiping processes .
Roadkil 's DataWipe can be used with any hard disk , floppy disk , or flash drive that has a drive letter .
Advertisement
Wiping Flash Memory Cards with Roadkil 's DiskWipe
Time Needed : Varies ; from a few minutes to several hours , depending upon size and speed of drive and computer
Software : Roadkil 's DiskWipe , available from http://www.roadkil.net/
Media : Can be run from Windows desktop
Advertisement
1. Download Roadkil 's DiskWipe .
2. Extract the contents of the compressed file .
3. Open DiskWipe .
If you are running Windows Vista or Windows 7 , right - click the program icon and select Run as Administrator .
4 . Select the drive to wipe .
5 . Select the type of wipe to perform ; DiskWipe can zero - fill the disk or write random data .
6 . Enter the number of passes .
7. Click Erase to start the process .
Advertisement
8 . At the end of the process , close the program .
You can reuse the wiped disk .
Wiping SSDs
To solve write performance problems on drives that do n't support TRIM ( check with your drive vendor for firmware upgrades ) is to use wiper.exe ( included with some SSDs ) or to run the Secure Erase feature supported in most recent ATA / IDE and SATA drives .
The Secure Erase feature can be activated on many systems by running Secure Erase 4.0 ( HDDerase.exe ) , available from http://cmrr.ucsd.edu/people/Hughes/….
Version 4.0 works with most recent ATA / IDE and SATA hard disks and SSDs , but if you use an Intel X - 25 M , X - 25E , or X - 18M SSD , follow this link to download Secure Erase 3.3 http://www.iishacks.com/index.php/2009/06/30/how-to-secure-erase-reset-an-intel-solid-state-drive-ssd/.
Note that it is no longer being developed , and we were unable to use it on a system running an AMD 690 chipset .
Advertisement
Wiping Drives and Free Space with SDelete
SDelete is a free program from Microsoft 's TechNet Sysinternals collection .
It runs from the command line , and can be used to wipe drives , wipe files , or wipe free space .
Advertisement
Time Needed : Varies ; from a few minutes to several hours , depending upon size and speed of drive and computer
Software : TechNet Sysinternal 's SDelete , available from http://technet.microsoft.com
Media : Can be run from Windows desktop
1. Download SDelete .
2. Extract the contents of the compressed file .
3. Copy sdelete.exe to c:\windows\system32\ ( this will enable you to run it from any location )
4 . Open a command prompt session with Administrator rights .
5 . To wipe all files on drive X : and its subdirectories and to wipe free space , enter Sdelete -p 2 –s -z X :\*.* ( to see all command - line switches , enter Sdelete with no options )
6 . Wait ; the program displays status messages as it runs .
When the program is finished , you can reuse or dispose of the drive .
Advertisement
Evaluating the Effectiveness of Disk Wiping Programs
We used demo versions of two popular data recovery programs to evaluate some of the disk wiping programs discussed in this article .
To determine whether a typical data recovery program could recover files on a SD card wipe with Roadkil 's DiskWipe , we first of all formatted the card using a card reader .
Ontrack 's EasyRecovery Data Recovery ( available from http://www.ontrack.com) had no difficulty finding folders and files to retrieve .
Advertisement
However , when we used DiskWipe to wipe the drive using a one - pass blank disk ( zero fill ) operation , EasyRecovery DataRecovery was unable to find the file system , let alone any files or folders .
Advertisement
After reformatting the card , taking a few photos , and deleting the photos , EasyRecovery Data Recovery was able to find the new photos , but the contents of the card before running WipeDisk were unrecoverable .
Advertisement
To evaluate SDelete , we used SDelete to wipe all of the files on a hard disk , but omitted the –z switch ; when –z is not used , SDelete deletes files and renames them , but does not clear free space .
To determine what might be visible , we used a demo version of Disk Doctors NTFS Data Recovery software , available from http://www.diskdoctors.net.
Disk Doctors were able to locate the deleted folder and Outlook Express message folders , but SDelete had renamed them from their original names and DBX extensions ( Outlook Express message folders ) .
If you use SDelete , it 's very important that you take time to use the –z switch to clear free space on the disk ( once a file is deleted , the space it occupies is free space ) .
Advertisement
We also used Disk Doctors to evaluate the effectiveness of a freeware program called Eraser , which can delete and overwrite files and folders from the right - click menu .
We created a documents folder with a subfolder called Figures and used Eraser to overwrite the folder and subfolder using its default settings .
Advertisement
Disk Doctors was able to locate the folders , but the contents are files with garbage names and are zero bytes in size – except for leftover word processing temporary files ( files that begin with $ ) .
These filenames were not changed , which could enable a snooper to figure out the names of the files in the folder – although the files themselves were destroyed .
By using more overwrites or different methods available with Eraser , a more thorough wiping may be possible .
Advertisement
Conclusion
We 've highlighted a variety of free ways to protect data on castoff drives from being retrieved .
As you can see , your best bet is to overwrite data directly , but you also might want to consider using a program such as SDelete to scramble filenames first and then use a disk wiper such as Eraser or WipeDisk to finish the job .
Advertisement
Use demo versions of data recovery programs such as Ontrack Easy Recovery Data Recovery , Disk Doctors Data Recovery ( various editions for NTFS , FAT , and flash media ) , and others to evaluate the effectiveness of your data wiping procedures .
Remember , the full versions of these and other data recovery programs can save your data if you accidentally format or partition a disk because , until the data is overwritten , it 's still there .
Advertisement
Maximum PC brings you the latest in PC news , reviews , and how - tos .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Europe 's Cryosat - 2 spacecraft is set to launch on its mission to map the world 's ice fields on Thursday 8 April .
The satellite was due to fly in late February but was held on the ground while engineers investigated concerns about the operation of its rocket .
Cryosat will ride into orbit atop a Dnepr vehicle , a converted Russian - Ukrainian nuclear missile .
The satellite is designed to make detailed measurements of the shape and thickness of Arctic and Antarctic ice .
Its data will help scientists to assess better how changing polar ice conditions affect ocean circulation patterns , sea level and global climate .
The Dnepr will lift off from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
The Russian authorities overseeing the flight have advised the European Space Agency ( Esa ) they are ready to proceed with the mission .
The launch is timed for 1357 GMT ( 1457 BST ; 1557 CEST ) .
Re-attachment task Earlier worries that the rocket 's second - stage steering engines might not have enough margin on their performance have been allayed .
Richard Francis , the Esa Cryosat project manager , said software changes had been introduced to ensure the Dnepr managed its supplies of fuel and oxidiser in the most efficient way possible , giving the engines sufficient room for contingencies .
Cryosat had already been installed on the rocket when the order came to stand down , and was removed during the delay .
DNEPR launch vehicle
The Dnepr is a converted nuclear missile that is launched out of a silo .
Launch is initiated by firing a black powder charge under the rocket .
Expanding gas shoots the vehicle up and out of its air - tight canister .
The ejection system 's base tray and rings are dropped above the silo .
Only when the Dnepr clears the silo are its first - stage motors ignited .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
" We took it off the day after the call was made and moved it back to the cleanroom , and it 's been in a secure area ever since .
We have a man who goes and monitors it every day , " explained Richard Francis .
" The planning we have at the moment is to put it back on the rocket on 31 March , " he told BBC News .
Cryosat carries the " 2 " designation because it is actually a rebuild of a mission that was destroyed in 2005 when its then launcher ( also a converted missile ) failed just minutes into its flight .
Esa member - states considered its polar ice measurements to be so important to the assessment of climate change that they approved the construction of a facsimile spacecraft within months of the accident .
Cryosat 's radar instrument will make detailed maps of the ice that covers both the sea and land at the poles .
Data from other satellites , such as the US Icesat and European ERS / Envisat missions , has already indicated that some of this cover is diminishing at a rapid rate , with the biggest changes occurring in the Arctic .
Cryosat will add significantly to the information scientists already possess , making observations that are beyond the current generation of spacecraft .
The mission is part of Esa 's Earth Explorer programme - seven spacecraft that will do innovative science in obtaining data on issues of pressing environmental concern .
The first in the series , a gravity mapper called Goce , was launched in March 2009 .
The second , known as Smos , is measuring soil moisture and ocean salinity , and was launched in November .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
March 4 , 2010 — Hans
With the release of KDE Software Compilation 4.4 , many may feel tempted to give KDE Plasma Desktop ( previously known as just “ KDE ” , see Repositioning the KDE Brand ) a try .
Plasma Desktop introduced in KDE SC 4 behaves quite differently from other popular desktop workspaces , and without doubt many new users will feel slightly lost and confused the first time .
I ’ve gathered some tips for new users to get a more familiar desktop , based on frequently asked questions I ’ve seen in various places .
This is in no way a “ 10 things you should do ” list – it ’s up to you to decide which way you like better .
The post is mainly aimed at those who are new to Plasma Desktop , but even experienced users might learn something new .
Just a short note before we begin : the images with a play button are linked to short screencasts – just click to watch them .
The screencasts are encoded in GIF and can therefore be played in most web browsers without any additional plugins .
The downside is that the quality is quite poor , hope you can bear with it .
Without further ado , here are 10 things you might want to do in KDE SC 4.4 :
1. Change the application launcher
Some like it , others do n’t – it ’s about the default application launcher “ Kickoff ” .
Fortunately , it ’s very easy to switch to a more traditional application launcher , similar to the one featured in the KDE 3 series :
Unlock widgets if they ’re locked Right click on the application launcher icon and choose “ Switch to Classic Menu Style ”
There is also a more advanced application launcher called Lancelot .
This widget , among others , is usually found in a package called kdeplasma - addons .
To find out how to add Lancelot to your panel , see section 6 .
Tweak your panel .
2. Switch to a traditional desktop with icons
The “ traditional desktop ” I ’m talking about is the type of desktop where you basically have a fullscreen file manager with a nice wallpaper .
You can put icons on it , create new folders and files etc .
The default desktop type in Plasma Desktop behaves in a different way .
Instead of icons , you put widgets on it – for example icon widgets , or a widget to show the content of a folder ( called Folder View ) .
To switch to a traditional desktop , all you need to do is change desktop type :
Click on the toolbox ( or right click on desktop ) and choose “ Desktop Activity Settings ” Click on “ Activity ” Change “ Type ” to “ Folder View ” Click on “ Apply ” or “ O K ”
Options for the Folder View desktop type will appear in the Desktop Activity Settings dialog .
Note that you can still put widgets on the desktop if you want .
For more information about desktop icons , see this blog post .
Although it ’s written for KDE SC 4.2 , most of the things are the same in 4.4 .
3 . Choose your wallpaper
While this is similar to how it works in other workspaces , Plasma Desktop offers some extra functionality that are worth mentioning .
If you only want to change the wallpaper image :
Click on the toolbox ( or right click on desktop ) and choose “ Desktop Activity Settings ”
Make sure “ Type ” is set to “ Image ” Either select a wallpaper in the list , or click on “ Open … ” to select an image file Click on “ O K ”
As you probably have guessed , there are other wallpaper types as well .
Below is a short description of those shipped with KDE SC 4.4 ( some found in kdeplasma - addons ) :
Color
Paints a solid color or a gradient between two colors on the desktop .
Virus
Viruses that mutate , spread and slowly eat your wallpaper .
The better a virus adapts to your wallpaper , the higher is the chance that it ’ll survive and pass on its DNA to future generations .
Mandelbrot
Shows a Mandelbrot set fractal on your desktop .
You can move the fractal by holding down your left mouse button and drag the Mandelbrot around .
Even better , zoom in / out with your mouse wheel or by holding down the middle button ( scroll wheel ) and move the mouse cursor up or down .
Note :
If your right click menu disappears after changing to this wallpaper type , you can open the Wallpaper dialog by clicking on the toolbox ( located in the top - right corner by default ) and press “ Desktop Activity Settings ” .
When you ’re happy with your Mandelbrot set it ’s possible to lock the view ( from the wallpaper dialog ) to get the mouse actions – such as the right click menu – back .
Weather
Displays different wallpapers depending on the current weather .
You can decide which pictures to show for certain weather conditions from the Advanced dialog .
Pattern
Repeated pattern painted on the desktop .
Image
Probably the most commonly used wallpaper type .
Pick an image to show as your wallpaper .
Slideshow
Ca n’t decide which picture you want on your desktop ?
No problem , with slideshow you can have them all .
The images will automatically switch after a set amount of time .
Globe
A globe for your desktop .
There are many different map themes to choose among , and you can set the movement to Interactive , Follow the sun , Rotate and Do not move .
4 . Set different wallpaper on each virtual desktop
One feature many ask for is the ability to have different wallpapers on different virtual desktops .
This is not directly possible in Plasma Desktop – however , you can have different “ desktops ” , formally known as activities , on each virtual desktop .
You may think of an activity as what you usually call “ desktop ” .
Other than a name , an activity also has a wallpaper , some features ( e.g. display icons ) and can contain other widgets – namely the ones you put on the desktop .
The name “ virtual desktop ” is quite confusing , since it ’s actually a group of windows .
By default you have the same activity – and therefore also the same wallpaper – on all virtual desktops .
To enable different activity on each virtual desktop :
Open the application “ System Settings ” Browse to “ Desktop ” , “ Multiple Desktops ” Check the checkbox “ Different activity on each desktop ” Click on “ Apply ” and close System Settings
Now you can have not only different wallpapers , but also different widgets on each virtual desktop .
5 . Tweak your panel
The panel , often confused with the taskbar ( which is a widget that shows your running applications ) , can be tweaked in many ways .
The first two steps are always the same :
Unlock widgets if they ’re locked Click on the panel toolbox to the far right , or right click somewhere in the panel and choose “ Panel Options ” , “ Panel Settings ” .
Note that the latter wo n’t work everywhere , for example not in the taskbar or system tray
Now you see the panel options .
Here are some stuff you can play around with :
Change the height ( screencast )
Click on the “ Height ” button and hold down the left mouse button while moving the mouse cursor up or down
Change the width ( screencast )
Depending on the panel alignment , you ’ll see two or four sliders with arrows .
Drag those with the mouse to change the panel width .
The arrows pointing out from the panel define the maximum width and the ones pointing inwards the minimum width
Move the panel ( screencast )
Hold down the left mouse button over “ Screen Edge ” and drag the panel to the desired screen edge Adjustments can be made with the panel slider pointing at the panel .
It ’s also possible to change the panel alignment
Add widgets to panel ( screencast )
Click on “ Add widgets … ” Drag the desired widgets to the panel or double click to add them
Move widgets ( screencast )
If you ’ve opened the panel toolbox , you can move widgets in the panel with simple drag and drop operations
For more ways to configure your panel , see Plasma HowTo .
In Plasma Desktop , you are n’t limited to one panel – you can add as many panels as you want .
However , it ’s not possible to change the background and transparency for individual panels – these properties are determined by the workspace theme .
If you want to change the appearance for all panels , either change workspace theme or create a custom one .
For more information , see the next section 6 . Customize the appearance .
6. Customize the appearance
You can change the appearance of many things in Plasma Workspace – everything from icon theme to the look of the window decoration .
Let ’s start by launching System Settings and click on “ Appearance ” .
To the left you see a list of modules to configure various parts of the workspace .
The names are pretty self - explanatory , so I ’ll let you play around with the settings yourself .
Just a few notes :
Most modules have a button to download new content , but there are a few exceptions : application styles , window decorations and fonts .
The reason the first two do n’t have this button is because native styles / window decorations has to be compiled – they ’re best installed through your package manager
With that said , the Aurorae Theme Engine allows you to download and install SVG - based window decoration themes .
Under “ Windows ” , select “ Aurorae Decoration Theme Engine ” , click on “ Get New Themes … ” and download to your heart ’s content
If you want to use the window grouping feature , only some window decorations support it at the moment – for example the default decoration “ Oxygen ” and “ Tabstrip ”
The workspace theme ( panels , widget backgrounds etc. ) can be change from “ Style ” , “ Workspace ” If you want greater control and change the theme for individual workspace components , click on “ Overview ” in the toolbar and browse to “ Advanced ” tab , “ Desktop Theme Details ”
7. Activate / deactivate screen edge actions
Do n’t like how windows maximize or tile when you drag them to a screen edge ?
Or maybe the desktop effect when you hit the top - left corner with your mouse irritates you ?
No problem – in either case you just need to change an option in System Settings .
Launch System Settings Navigate to “ Desktop ” , “ Screen Edges ” Click on the different squares in the monitor to set / unset screen edge actions for that location Use the checkboxes under “ Window Management ” to enable / disable quick tiling of windows
The setting at the bottom enables you to switch virtual desktop by moving the mouse cursor to a screen edge
When you ’re happy with the settings , hit “ Apply ”
8. Configure mouse actions on the desktop
Two groups of people will be especially happy for this new feature in 4.4 :
Laptop users who sometimes accidentally scroll through virtual desktop when moving the mouse cursor over the desktop
Persons who want to set a custom menu to pop up when clicking on the desktop
Even if you do n’t belong to either group , you might find this option useful .
Click on the toolbox ( or right click on desktop ) and choose “ Desktop Activity Settings ” Choose “ Mouse Plugins ”
Each action consist of a row with 4 - 5 items ( from left to right ) :
Trigger – Mouse button / wheel to trigger the action .
To change the trigger , click on the button .
It ’ll remain pressed and say “ Input here … ” .
Now , click with a mouse button or scroll in a direction over the button .
Note that you can combine this with modifier keys ( such as Ctrl ) Action list – Choose the desired action from the dropdown list Configure button ( not always shown ) – Lets you configure the selected action Information button – Shows an About dialog for the action Remove button – Removes the mouse action
To remove an action , simply press the remove key on the same row .
At the bottom there ’s a button to add new mouse actions .
If you do n’t set “ Standard Menu ” to any mouse trigger , you can still access the Mouse Actions dialog from the toolbox ( by default in the top - right corner ) .
Similar to other settings in this window , the mouse actions are activity - specific .
If you have more than one activity , you have to change the mouse actions for all of them – or you could have different mouse actions on different activities ( see section 4 .
Set different wallpaper on each virtual desktop for more information about activities ) .
9 . Configure other settings
You ’ll find more KDE software options in – surprise , surprise – System Settings .
Here are some favorite modules of mine :
Look & Feel : Desktop , Desktop Effects –
If your hardware supports compositing and you ’ve installed the required drivers , it ’s possible get various useful ( and less useful ) desktop effects .
In this module you can Suspend / Resume Compositing ( Alt - Shift - F12 is faster if you do it regularly ) , play around with effects and find other relevant options
– If your hardware supports compositing and you ’ve installed the required drivers , it ’s possible get various useful ( and less useful ) desktop effects .
In this module you can Suspend / Resume Compositing ( Alt - Shift - F12 is faster if you do it regularly ) , play around with effects and find other relevant options Look & Feel : Desktop , Launch Feedback – I do n’t like the bouncy icon that appears when you launch applications , so that ’s one of the first things I disable in this module
– I do n’t like the bouncy icon that appears when you launch applications , so that ’s one of the first things I disable in this module Look & Feel : Window Behavior , Window Behavior – A lot of options to control how your windows should behave
– A lot of options to control how your windows should behave Computer Administration : Keyboard & Mouse , Global Keyboard Shortcuts – Configure global keybindings .
Change the components with the “ KDE component ” dropdown list
– Configure global keybindings .
Change the components with the “ KDE component ” dropdown list Computer Administration : Input Action – More advanced module to set different input actions , such as keyboard shortcuts , mouse gestures and window actions
– More advanced module to set different input actions , such as keyboard shortcuts , mouse gestures and window actions Advanced User Settings ( Advanced tab ) : Autostart – Manage autostart programs and scripts
– Manage autostart programs and scripts Advanced User Settings ( Advanced tab ) : Session Manager – If you find that applications not listed in Autostart still start up with Plasma Desktop , it ’s probably because you restore the previous session ( “ A session contains of a collection of applications as well as application - specific information that reflects the state of the applications at the time the session was saved ” — Techbase ) .
This module lets you change this behavior under “ On Login ” .
Personally I like the option “ Restore Manually saved session ” .
When this option is selected , the session can be saved from Kickoff ( the default application launcher ) or the classic menu
If you find it troublesome to navigate back and forth in System Settings , you might prefer the classic tree view style :
Launch System Settings Click on “ Configure ” in the toolbar ( if you ’re inside a module , you ca n’t see this button ) Select “ Classic Tree View ” under “ View Style ” and click on “ OK ”
10 . Check out online resources
To round off , here are some recommended KDE websites where you can find more interesting things :
kde.org –
The official KDE site where you ’ll find announcements , useful information about various parts of KDE and links to other relevant sites
– The official KDE site where you ’ll find announcements , useful information about various parts of KDE and links to other relevant sites userbase .
kde.org – Wiki for KDE software users .
The screencasts in this post were taken from http://userbase.kde.org/Plasma/HowTo/4.4
– Wiki for KDE software users .
The screencasts in this post were taken from http://userbase.kde.org/Plasma/HowTo/4.4 forum.kde.org – KDE Community Forums .
Here you can get help from other users ( including contributors such as KDE developers ) , post ideas in Brainstorm , have discussions with KDE enthusiasts and much more
– KDE Community Forums .
Here you can get help from other users ( including contributors such as KDE developers ) , post ideas in Brainstorm , have discussions with KDE enthusiasts and much more kde - look.org – Get new themes , wallpapers , icons , widgets and other stuff .
Or why not share your own creations ?
– Get new themes , wallpapers , icons , widgets and other stuff .
Or why not share your own creations ?
kde-apps.org – Same as kde - look.org but for KDE applications
I hope you found some of the tips useful ; if you think I missed something , just drop a comment below .
Feedback in general is also much appreciated !
Winston Spencer Churchill , better known as Winston Churchill Jr. , bore one of the greatest names in English history but had problems living in the shadow of his grandfather .
Mr. Churchill , who died Tuesday at age 69 , had his name to thank for many opportunities , but he lacked his grandfather 's drive and talent and his political career petered out .
He ...
The Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) , a privacy watchdog and public interest research group , is calling foul on Buzz , Google 's recently launched social networking service .
The group has filed a complaint with the FTC outlining several major grievances .
Shortly after Google launched Buzz last week , a number of users expressed dismay over the service 's loose handling of user privacy .
It automatically makes the user 's Gmail address book into a public Buzz contact list , a move that is of questionable value to users and subjects some to the risk of exposing sensitive information to the wrong people .
In response to the negative outcry , Google has taken a number of steps to fix the most serious issues as quickly as possible .
The company issued a public apology and transformed the auto - follow mechanism into an auto - suggest feature .
They have also added a configuration panel that can be used to completely disable the service .
The complaint filed by EPIC indicates that the group is unsatisfied with the changes .
It wants the service to be disabled by default and made available on an opt - in basis .
Further , they also insist that the user 's e-mail address book should not be used by the service .
EPIC is n't the only group that is concerned about Buzz .
In a statement issued Tuesday , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) responded to Google 's latest improvements to Buzz 's privacy model .
The EFF praised Google for taking a step in the right direction , but agrees with EPIC 's view that the service still needs to be made opt-in .
The EFF takes the opportunity to look at the bigger picture and the reasons why Google failed so spectacularly to address these problems before launching Buzz .
According to reports from the BBC , Google piloted the service internally , but neglected to test it with regular users .
They underestimated the confusion that would be caused by the privacy settings and failed to anticipate some of the real - world problems that arose from the design decisions that were made with the auto - follow feature .
The EFF points out that Google recklessly abused information entrusted to it by users — their address books — to gain a competitive advantage in a market where it is entering late and facing off against popular competitors .
This raises serious questions of trust .
" These problems arose because Google attempted to overcome its market disadvantage in competing with Twitter and Facebook by making a secondary use of your information , " wrote Kurt Opsahl of the EFF in a statement .
" Next week Google will face a federal judge and ask for approval of the Google Books settlement .
EFF has raised privacy concerns , including the possibility that Google might make secondary uses of the Books information .
Buzz 's disastrous product launch highlights the danger posed by this possibility , and showcases the need for firm enforceable commitments to protecting user privacy . "
Google is increasingly targeted with criticism over its privacy practices .
The company , which aspires to make the world 's data " universally accessible , " is accused of retaining too much and oversharing without permission .
The company lags its competitors in committing to shorter search retention times , and its log anonymization practices have also been criticized .
The fiasco with Buzz heightens the risk that Google 's do - no - evil image will continue to be tarnished by privacy fears .
Google is clearly cognizant of that fact and has gone out of its way to be responsive to user feedback in the aftermath of the launch .
It remains unclear , however , if Google will bend to the privacy groups and make Buzz an opt - in service .
It 's kind of odd , considering what an earth - shattering event it was ( an event that " changed everything " ) how little people , particularly the media , talk about 9/11 these days ( almost three years later ) .
I almost wonder if people are afraid to broach the subject , and even if people are somewhat embarrassed to discuss it .
Delving into the topic is essentially verboten , unless as a generic reminder relating to the horrors of terrorism .
I think it will be very interesting to see how much 9/11 is mentioned during the upcoming GOP convention .
I 'm sure they will mention it , use it as a springboard for talking about the " war on terror " , and probably have some memorial for the victims .
But I really wonder how much detail they will mention the details of that day .
I suspect not very much .
Is there a reason why they might not go into the details ?
The official story of course is that four airplanes were hijacked by muslim fanatics who crashed them into major buildings , causing massive loss of life .
This made us embark on a global " war on terror " intended to snuff out anybody who might try to attack us .
One detail they wo n't want to talk about is that the fact that the hijackers had no clear connection to Iraq .
Another detail they wo n't mention is the FBI and CIA were tracking the terrorists both inside and outside the US , but somehow seemed to have lost track of them before they attacked .
They might might talk about intelligence reform ( although I doubt they will mention it in any detail ) , but was itintelligence failure that led to 9/11 ?
In an earlier post I indicated that on 9/11 itself , I thought something strange happened , that I could n't believe how badly my country 's defenses had been subverted .
Nonetheless on that day and for the next few weeks I did n't really question the official story too much .
Sure , I thought , how fortunate they found the cars the hijackers had used parked at the airport , and how convenient the hijackers had left behing incriminating evidence .
But it was only after hearing strange report after strange report dribble out for months after the attacks that I began to question how much the government really knew before the attacks .
Sure , several FBI agents had been suspcious of Arab men taking flight lessons , and when they tried to bring this up with their superiors , they were told to ignore it , but this was just bad luck .
The intelligence people just could n't connect the dots , and they were n't communicating properly with each other ( there was this " wall " ) , and there were restrictions on what they could probe into .
But really -- it was just an innocent mistake .
I guess whatset my alarm bells off was the story where two of the 9/11 hijackers had been living in an apartment in San Diego with a muslim FBI informant , who says he did n't know anything about the plot .
Two hijackers were LIVING with a frigging FBI informant but no one knew what they were up to ?
Yeah , right .
He did n't know .
What a shame .
Then there was the story how before 9/11 one of the hijackers was interviewed by a CIA agent at an airport in Yemen , and then released .
He was just asked a few questions , and they decided he was no threat .
Okaaay .
Then there was the widely circulated story how the National Security Agency decrypted messgaes from Al Qaeda talking of the date of the 9/11 attack , but unfortunatley , the NSA just translated it on September 12th .
What a damn shame .
But the date of the 12th always made me wonder -- is n't that just a little bit hard to believe ?
They were JUST a day late ?
Then of course there were the warnings that Bush had sayng Al Qaeda was trying to hijack airplanes .
And the suspcious lack of response from the Bush administration to these warnings .
And I was ALWAYS highly suspicious of the anthrax attacks .
The targets were exactly who the Bush administration would like to intimidate : journalists and key Democratic senators .
And then the anthrax appeared to be a domestic source , and the anthrax mailer interestingly pretended to be a muslim fanatic .
WHY muslim fanatics would target journalists and key Democratic senators was never really explained -- I guess no one could explain it , which is why the media have tended to ignore the story .
But oddly , what made me really put on my " tinfoil hat " was the murder of Nicholas Berg in Iraq .
He was beheaded on video by an odd looking group of apparent Islamic terrorists .
The reason I wondered about the murder was the timing --- exactly when the Abu Ghraib abuses were coming to light and provoking a huge outrage .
The decapitation of Berg was an amazing distraction from Abu Ghraib , and the Abu Ghraib story lost most of its steam after the Nick Berg killing .
Then I started reading about the life of Nick Berg , and he sounded a bit like he was a some kind of intelligence operative .
Then , wonder of wonders , Nick Berg was linked to 9/11 via the " 20th hijacker " Zacarias Moussaoui .
Apparently , Nick berg shared his e-mail account with Moussaoui and another of the 9/11 hijackers .
What an amazing coincidence !
This jaw - dropping link was explained as merely because Nick Berg was VERY outgoing and he liked middle easterners .
Okaaay .
The Nick Berg story sent me around the internet quite a bit , and I stumbled upon a fellow named Michael Wright who postulated that the 9/11 attacks were some kind of sting operation gone awry .
This scenario seemed to explain a lot , and I bought it for a while , but more reading led me to believe an even darker version of what happened on 9/11 .
In any case , Mike Wright lives in Oklahoma , and is very familiar with Oklahoma University .
His theory is that the president of OU , David Boren , collaborated with George Tenet , the CIA director , in this 9/11 sting operation gone bad .
The reason Mike Wright got onto this theory is that one of the tickets used by the 9/11 hijackers was bought at a computer terminal in the OU unversity library .
Here 's the kicker : the person who bought the ticket was not an Arab or middle - easterner , but a caucasian American .
The FBI wo n't tell who this was , but Wright speculated it was Nick Berg .
Well , if you have a caucasian American collaborating with he 9/11 hijackers , and you put together all the other facts I have said above , plus many many many other stories that I do n't have time to go into ( e.g. what Sibel Edmonds has said , the fact that several Al Qaeda members are / were apparently CIA assets , the fact that many governments have planned and used terror as a propaganda tool ) , it leads to one troubling and earth - shaking conclusion : .
It simply is just too hard to explain all these things as coincidences and harmless facts that merely look bad .
Finally , there is the fact that Geroge W. Bush 's father , George H. W. Bush was CIA director and has been involved in quite a bit of known skull - duggery , and the fact that 9/11 served as a perfect excuse to launch a whole series of wars into the middle east , wars which suited the agenda of many people who are in the Bush administration .
So .... if anyone out there has read this far , tell me -- what part of this is hard to believe ?
You gotta see this !
If this does n't convince you that the Timothy Geithner knew about the securities shenanigans that were going on at Lehman , than I do n't know what will .
Keep in mind , that Geithner ran Lehman through 3 " stress tests " prior to bankruptcy ; all of which Lehman failed , and yet , nothing was done .
Anton R. Valukas -- the examiner who wrote the 2,200 page investigative - report which was released on Thursday -- has provided plenty of information detailing Lehman 's “ materially misleading ” accounting and “ actionable balance sheet manipulation . ”
In other words , they cooked the books .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Eves Smith at Naked Capitalism sums up what was going on like this :
" Quite a few observers ... have been stunned and frustrated at the refusal to investigate what was almost certain accounting fraud at Lehman .
.... The unraveling is n’t merely implicating Fuld ( Lehman CEO ) and his recent succession of CFOs , or its accounting firm , Ernst & Young , as might be expected .
It also emerges that the NY Fed , and thus Timothy Geithner , were at a minimum massively derelict in the performance of their duties , and may well be culpable in aiding and abetting Lehman in accounting fraud and Sarbox violations ....
We need to demand an immediate release of the e-mails , phone records , and meeting notes from the NY Fed and key Lehman principals regarding the NY Fed ’s review of Lehman ’s solvency .
If , as things appear now , Lehman was allowed by the Fed ’s inaction to remain in business , when the Fed should have insisted on a wind - down ..... at a minimum , the NY Fed helped perpetuate a fraud on investors and counterparties .
This pattern further suggests the Fed , which by its charter is tasked to promote the safety and soundness of the banking system , instead , via its collusion with Lehman management , operated to protect particular actors to the detriment of the public at large .
And most important , it says that the NY Fed , and likely Geithner himself , undermined , perhaps even violated , laws designed to protect investors and markets .
If so , he is not fit to be Treasury secretary or hold any office related to financial supervision and should resign immediately .
( Naked Capitalism )
Repeat : " Accounting fraud " , " collusion " , " aiding and abetting . "
These are serious charges by a usually restrained blogger .
And this is from Zero Hedge :
" Lehman has become merely the latest example of all that is broken with today 's crony capitalist system ....
The evident conclusion is that the core driver of modern capitalist society is fraud at its very core , and nothing short of a massive revolutionary overhaul of the political system , which is the number one defender .. of very lucrative bribes and kickbacks originating from the same rotten Wall Street that ( is ) nothing but a sham filled with toxic assets " Zero Hedge
This story is n't going away .
Someone has to go to jail .
It 's clear that Geithner acted as the " chief facilitator " of industrial scale securities flim - flam which led directly to the Great Crash of ' 08 .
He needs to be held accountable for his actions .
_______
plantman
About author Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Kindle edition .
He can be reached at fergiewhitney@msn.com
The government is to unveil radical proposals that would give football fans first option to buy their clubs when they were put up for sale and require clubs to hand over a stake of up to 25 % to supporters ' groups .
The ideas , due to be included in the Labour manifesto with a promise of action in the first year of a new government , are designed to give fans a far greater say in how their football clubs are run and overhaul the way the game is governed .
It is believed that No 10 , which has been working secretly on the plans for weeks , has resolved to deliver concrete proposals to tackle growing public disquiet at the level of debt carried by some clubs , the ownership model of others and the dysfunctional structure of the Football Association .
The plans include :
• Requiring clubs to hand a stake of up to 25 % to fans in recognition of their links with their local community .
• Implementing a change - of - control clause that would allow fans a window to put together a takeover of their club if it was up for sale or went into administration .
• Giving the football authorities a deadline to reform the FA and remove " vested interests " from the board , and streamline decision making .
• Introducing a unified system of governance that co-ordinates issues such as club ownership and youth development .
• Allowing professional leagues and the FA additional oversight of club takeovers .
The plans are likely to put Gordon Brown on a collision course with the Premier League , which has vigorously defended its free - market model in recent years , but he will claim that the proposals are for the good of the game .
Two policy ideas have emerged as frontrunners to improve supporter representation around the boardroom table , both of which would see fans taking a meaningful ownership stake in clubs .
Portsmouth 's financial collapse , the outpouring of anger in response to the leveraged buyouts at Manchester United and Liverpool that loaded the clubs with combined debts of more than £ 1bn , and last week 's shock resignation of the FA chief executive , Ian Watmore , in protest at the " vested interests " on the board are all understood to have persuaded the prime minister to act .
Reflecting the view that they will succeed in democratising ownership only if there is stronger leadership from the top , it will also set football a deadline of up to a year to overhaul its governance system .
Under the scheme to give fans a stake , supporters ' trusts with elected representatives , audited accounts and Financial Services Authority recognition would be responsible for maintaining the link between clubs and their community and ensuring fans are not priced out of the game .
The government could , however , face legal challenges from existing owners over the dilution of their shares .
It has echoes of the model proposed by the so - called Red Knights attempting to buy Manchester United .
Wealthy fans will contribute 74.9 % of the overall purchase price , but supporters will hold a " golden share " of just over 25 % , giving them a blocking stake on any change of ownership and an influential boardroom voice .
Legal advice is being sought on the idea of a change of ownership at a club triggering a mandatory window for fans to take the opportunity to shape the ownership structure and buy the club at a price set by an external , independent auditor .
Under the proposals , fans would be free to set up their co-operative style model , shareholding trust or other structure that enabled them to have a say in the club .
While the government will reiterate that it has no desire to regulate football directly , the prime minister believes the democratisation of football club ownership taps into wider themes about the " mutualisation " of public services and the need for regulatory reform .
( h/t CSPANjunkie )
Hullabaloo
Attorney Scott Brown said in his victory speech : " Our tax dollars should go to weapons to defeat [ terrorists ] not lawyers to defend them . "
" Raising taxes and giving new rights to terrorists is the wrong agenda for our country . "
And his crowd is chanting " yes we can . "
Scott Brown is trying to make believe he 's a change agent , but really he 's just another teabagger , as you can see .
The Democratic firing squad is under way on the left , and what we 're hearing is that it 's either Coakley 's fault or President Obama 's fault or both for the clusterf&! k that led to Brown 's victory , but pundits and readers are overlooking the role conservatives and their media infrastructure played in the process .
To me , that 's something that can't be ignored .
I mean , Scott Brown did have help .
Dave Weigel followed the teabaggers in MA and explains that the right has something the left just does n't have :
An incredible media machine that is able to transmit their message faster and more powerfully than anything the Democrats have .
Brown was able to turn to a bunch of conservative media outlets immediately , and ultimately that got his campaign off and running .
Media Outreach , Online Tactics Honed in ' Perfect Storm ' GOP Win
Brown ’s short campaign –he announced for the seat on September 12 , 2009 , the very day that many Tea Party activists participated in a “ taxpayer march on Washington ” – masterfully wove together traditional campaign strategy and outreach to old and new conservative media .
The arc of his victory demonstrated just how the modern conservative movement can boost a campaign without generating a backlash from voters .
His online campaign strategist , Rob Willington , explained to TWI that Brown focused early on outreach to conservative media and built on that with technology that let local and out - of - state activists grab a piece of the campaign .
“ I concentrated on specific conservative opinion leaders here in Massachusetts for the first part of the campaign , ” said Willington .
“ Right around Christmas , I started targeting some national political leaders , using certain hashtags , and using video . ”
In late December , not far under the radar , the Brown campaign was sold to influential and far - flung activists as a winnable race–a chance to stop complaining and actually break the back of the Obama administration .
In a December 30 blog post titled “ Fight Everywhere : Scott Brown for Massachusetts , ” GOP strategist Patrick Ruffini–who launched RebuildtheParty.com with Willington after the 2008 elections , and who provided some software support for Brown , made what was , at the time , a dreamy - sounding argument that Brown could win .
“ Any chance we have to take out the Obamacare abomination , ” he wrote , “ however remote , is a fight worth fighting . ”
Organizers for both the Brown and Coakley campaigns now know that the race was fairly close by the time that this outreach occurred .
In mid-December the National Republican Senatorial conducted , and kept secret , a poll that showed Brown down by only 13 points .
As the candidate out - hustled Coakley , he was made available to conservative opinion - leaders .
“ He did a wonderful job of going from conservative talk show to conservative talk show , getting his name out there , ” said former state treasurer Joe Malone , a Republican , in an interview with local TV station WECN .
There was universal agreement among Brown supporters that the game - changing moment came from a source that Democrats mistrust almost as much as talk radio–pollster Scott Rasmussen .
His January 5 poll showing Brown within 9 points of Coakley was immediately derided by Democrats .
It did n’t matter .
“ In terms of everyone becoming aware of it , ” said Todd Feinburg , “ that was the moment it broke through . ”
From that point , Brown became a cause for the Tea Party movement and the people who ’d backed Doug Hoffman .
Where Coakley had been able to avoid national scrutiny , conservative blogs and media turned her stumbles into major stories .
After the candidates debated on January 11 , conservative medias promoted two storylines –that Coakley had erred in declaring that there were “ no terrorists ” in Afghanistan , and that Brown had a “ Reagan moment ” when he referred to the open Senate job as “ the People ’s seat . ”
It was a line he ’d used in interviews before , to little attention .
On video , it got a prominent link from the Drudge Report .
The heat poured on after that .
On January 13 Coakley flew to Washington to raise money at a long - scheduled event with the Massachusetts delegation .
Weekly Standard reporter John McCormack , who had shaken up the momentum of the NY - 23 special election after Republican candidate Dede Scozzafava ’s husband called the cops on him , chased Coakley to ask an Afghanistan question and was pushed aside by an aide .
McCormack tumbled ; the photo of him sprawling on the ground as Coakley , hands in pockets , looked on , made it into the Boston Herald .
Every negative Coakley storyline was amplified and made infamous by the same means .
On January 14 , the Wall Street Journal–owned , like The Weekly Standard and Fox News , by Rupert Murdoch ’s NewsCorp–ran an op-ed on Coakley ’s record as attorney general , putting the spotlight on a gruesome case of sexual abuse involving a curling iron .
The story , aired out earlier by the Boston Globe but not yet known to activists , became infamous , as did Coakley ’s verbal stumbles .
At Brown rallies attended by TWI , there was universal awareness of Coakley ’s gaffes and the curling iron case .
This is part of the story and should not be missed .
Digby has a great post that sums it up nicely .
The teabaggers are creating their own " Obama , " in Brown , a man who will bring change .
Not that he has any specifics , but the hero worship is real .
The Messiah Compulsion
The Democrats are all running around this morning looking panicked and freaked out which does n't give anyone confidence .
Everyone seems to forget that a year ago , Obama only had 58 votes in the Senate and everyone was in a state of near hysteria over his massive institutional power and soaring mandate .
Now he has 59 and he 's suddenly impotent .
But this reaction was sadly predictable .
And the message from the media and their centrist muses is also predictable --- move right immediately .
SOS .
So it 's hard to see today exactly where this is going , particularly on health care which many people are saying should be passed piecemeal --- " just the popular parts . "
I 'll be looking forward to a bill which says that health insurance must cover everyone and can't cancel anyone but which has no cost controls .
Somehow I do n't think that 's going to be popular for long .
So , that 's very much in flux as well .
Anyway , there are obviously many factors here , and frankly , because there were no exit polls done , we will probably never know exactly what combination of factors drove this race in Massachusetts .
My personal opinion is that Scott Brown ran a vague campaign based upon personal charisma in the Barack Obama mode and became this year 's vessel for protest against the status quo .
The tea partiers are claiming him , as is the GOP establishment .
And the media has declared him a maverick independent .
Nobody knows who he * really * is , but in this era it seems that everybody 's just looking for a young , handsome hero with a beautiful family to step in and save the day .
( In fact , I think this particular paradigm was set by the special election of Arnold Schwarzenneger in California in 2003 .
As usual , as California goes ... oh lord . )
All the happy supporters at Scott Brown 's victory party last night were shouting " yes we can . "
It 's fairly clear that this inchoate desire for " change " going forward is not going to benefit liberals much , and it's not just because they are erroneously perceived to be in charge in Washington .
And that 's because I think people are very much underestimating the conservative propaganda arm , and its creation , the teabaggers .
Chris Cillizza missed this point in his post about the winners and losers column .
Not a mention about the right - wing noise machine -- which , to me , was the real game changer .
If there was any love left between Google and Apple , Tim Bray killed it .
The former developer of Web technologies for Sun Microsystems and the co-inventor of XML came out firing in a blog post explaining his new job as Android developer advocate for Google .
Bray was harsh where Google in the past has been subtle .
He ripped into Apple and said he 'll enjoy competing with the company .
Bray said the opinions on his blog are his own , but that Google reviewed the blog post before it was published and did n't request any changes .
The money quote :
" The iPhone vision of the mobile Internet 's future omits controversy , sex , and freedom , but includes strict limits on who can know what and who can say what .
It 's a sterile Disney - fied walled garden surrounded by sharp - toothed lawyers . "
And :
" Apple apparently thinks you can have the benefits of the Internet while at the same time controlling what programs can be run and what parts of the stack can be accessed and what developers can say to each other .
" I think they 're wrong and see this job as a chance to help prove it . "
Bray 's commentary on Apple is n't fresh .
You find much of the same stuff in the comments section here when we write about the iPhone or Android .
But you do n't hear it from Google .
Ads for the Motorola Droid indirectly mocked the iPhone , but that was Verizon Wireless ' battle .
Before Bray , the closest Google came to publicly knocking Apple was a long - winded blog post on openness that made one casual mention of the iPhone .
This is different .
It 's war .
The serious question to arise from Bray 's acid - tongued remarks is how long will Apple tolerate Google services on the iPhone while a Google figurehead is openly mocking the platform ?
Obviously there was the Google Voice fiasco , but YouTube , Google Maps , and Search are core parts of the phone .
It was rumored that Apple and Microsoft were negotiating to make Bing the iPhone 's default search engine , but so far that has n't panned out .
Nor has Apple 's purchase of map company Placebase turned into a replacement for Google Maps .
The more Google and Apple look like enemies , the more awkward it 'll be for the iPhone to play such a gracious host to Google services .
But here 's a more pressing question for those who just love a good tech rivalry :
Will actors John Hodgman and Justin Long find new work personifying a generic Android phone and an iPhone ?
Israel 's military and one of its soldiers are no longer " friends " after the gunner posted details of an impending West Bank raid on his Facebook page , leading to the mission being aborted , the army and media reports said on Wednesday .
The soldier from an artillery unit updated his page on the social networking site , saying " on Wednesday we are cleaning Qatanna , and on Thursday , God willing , going home " , army radio reported .
Other soldiers in the unit , who saw the posting , alerted their officers and the planned raid on Qatanna , a village near the Palestinian city of Ramallah , was called off , the army said in a statement .
" The division commander decided to cancel the operation out of concern that the information had reached hostile groups and would harm IDF ( Israeli military ) forces , " the statement said .
The soldier 's page contained details of his unit and the exact time and location of the planned sweep .
The army said soldiers are barred from posting any sensitive information on the internet .
President Obama said he wanted action this year to abolish policies that prohibited gays from openly serving in the military , for the first time establishing a timetable for one of his long - held goals .
Obama called for repeal of the 1993 “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” law near the end of his State of the Union speech , addressing the issue in a single , passing mention , but rekindling the debate between supporters and opponents of the move .
“ This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are , ” Obama said .
“ It ’s the right thing to do . ”
During his presidential campaign , Obama promised to end “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” but has not pushed the issue as president , to the disappointment of supporters , including gays and lesbians .
Some saw his mention of the issue Wednesday as a reminder to an important constituency that he remains on their side .
But the lack of a specific plan or instructions to the military left supporters of repeal discouraged .
“ We wish we had heard him speak of concrete steps tonight , ” said Rea Carey , executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force .
“ The next time the president speaks about our community , we expect him to provide a concrete blueprint . ”
Opponents of letting gays openly serve criticized Obama for the stand .
“ At a time when our armed forces are fighting and sacrificing on the battlefield , now is not the time to abandon the policy , ” said Sen. John McCain ( R. - Ariz . ) , Obama ’s opponent in the 2008 presidential election .
Republicans pledged to block any legislative push for repeal .
But Democrats , citing polls that show up to 69 % of voters support allowing gays to serve in the military , have urged the White House to work to change the law .
“ We look forward to working with him on this issue of fundamental fairness and supporting the patriotic Americans who serve -- and wish to serve -- our country in uniform , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D- San Francisco ) said in a statement .
Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell said Wednesday that Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates would elaborate on the administration ’s plans in the coming days .
Within the military , there have been signals that the services would be more receptive to a shift than they were in 1993 .
Articles in military publications have cast doubt on the argument that “ unit cohesion ” would suffer if gays were allowed to serve openly .
Gates and Adm. Michael G. Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , have begun to examine how to implement a change .
They have told military audiences to expect a change in the policy .
If gays are allowed to serve openly , defense officials are considering measures to limit public displays of affection on military bases and to address potential problems such as ports of call in nations that outlaw homosexuality .
Some critics called Obama ’s comment pandering to the left .
“ Civilian activists do not understand or respect the culture of the military , ” said Elaine Donnelly , president of the Center for Military Readiness , a think tank that opposes allowing gays in the military .
“ I ’m sure the troops will be disheartened by this . ”
Opponents of “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” saw Obama ’s comment as a sign of possible progress in coming months .
“ Repealing ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ is a bold move by the president , but one that is desperately needed to enhance our military readiness for our troops in combat , ” said Jon Soltz , chairman of VoteVets , which supports allowing gays to serve openly .
julian.barnes@latimes.com
kate.linthicum@latimes.com
Janet Hook in the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
{ Later| Throughout the years | After a while |
Through the years |
As time passes} , {significantly | gradually | slowly|step by step|again and again} {cigarette smoke |smoke a cigarette|fumes |smoke a pipe} {can be|are usually |are generally|usually are |are actually} {increased | put together |assembled|piled up|amassed} {systems |within the body |chemistry |in the childs body} {as well as|and also|or even|or maybe|but additionally} {overdue| then |soon |over time |as time passes} {can|will|truly does|does indeed} {perspective|style|angle|disregard|distort} { your| that|typically the |this} {chance|probability|risk|hazard|danger} { to be able to |to the site |if you would like |if you need to |should you wish to} {yourself |well being |your quality of life|any health issues} .
{ This |This trouble |
This problem|
This concern} {as well as|and also|and |in conjunction with} { the woman | the girl 's |their |your ex} pollution {conditions | setting |surroundings|natural environment|habitat} {most people|all of us|many of us|most of us} , {knowning that |and this |which |thinking that} {eating |use|absorption|utilization} {of the |coming from all | that have been | in all |of most} {lousy |negative |undesirable |harmful} { containers|ales|beers|cups} {as well as|and also|or even|or maybe|but additionally} {meal |meals |food stuff |food items} {can|most certainly |will , no doubt |is likely to |probably will} {destroy | decline |intensify |exacerbate|go downhill} {yourself |your daily life |your way of life |your lifetime} {from a|of an|of your |associated with a} {compounded} {assert|say|express|promise|allege} .
{ Overdue| Then |Soon|
Over time
|
As time passes} , you ’ll {consider | invent|get pregnant|conceptualise} {issues|problems|complications|inconveniences|throbbing headache} , {deep breathing |inhalation |inhaling |breathing in |respiration} {infectivity|malware|bacteria|germs|worms} , {traveling |zooming |traveling by air |hovering} cholesterol , {allergy or intolerance|intolerance |allergic reaction |allergy symptom|hypersensitivity} , {exhaustion |tiredness |physical weakness |weakness |weariness} {and much more |and others |and various other |and more |and many other} {issues|evidence |clues|signs or symptoms|indicators} {standing up|getting out of bed|waking up} {because of |to|into|up to |right down to} {a new|an important | some |some sort of |that} { structure | material |skin|flesh} { to always be |that they are |as being a|to generally be|for being} {stopped up |impeded |obstructed | blacklisted |plugged} {together |with him or her|with each other|along with them} {terminal | dangerous |deathly |fatal} {cigarette smoke |smoke a cigarette|fumes |smoke a pipe} .
{ If you are |If the|If your primary | But if your|
But if the} {human body 's |bodies|system's|anatomy's} {continual|persistent|long-term|unremitting|unyielding}
( CNN ) -- More Americans get their news from the Internet than from newspapers or radio , and three - fourths say they hear of news via e-mail or updates on social media sites , according to a new report .
Sixty - one percent of Americans said they get at least some of their news online , according to a survey by the Pew Internet and American Life Project .
That 's compared with 54 percent who said they listen to a radio news program and 50 percent who said they read a national or local print newspaper .
Almost all respondents , 92 percent , said they get their news from more than one platform .
" In the digital era , news has become omnipresent .
Americans access it in multiple formats on multiple platforms on myriad devices , " reads the report , based on a survey conducted in December and January .
" The days of loyalty to a particular news organization on a particular piece of technology in a particular form are gone . "
Social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter have made news a more participatory experience than ever before , the survey suggests .
People share links to news stories by e-mail , post articles on their Facebook and other networking feeds and tweet them on Twitter -- often following up by discussing the articles on message boards and other sites .
Seventy - five percent of respondents said they get news forwarded through e-mail or posts on social networking sites , while 37 percent of online users said they 've reported news , commented on a story or shared it on sites like Facebook and Twitter , the survey said .
" To a great extent , people 's experience of news , especially on the Internet , is becoming a shared social experience ... , " reads the report .
" [ T ] he advent of social media like social networking sites and blogs has helped the news become a social experience in fresh ways for consumers . "
Most people said they use between two and five online news sources , and 65 percent said they do n't have a single favorite Web site for news .
When looking for news online , people said they 're most often seeking information about a common topic : the weather .
Eighty - one percent said they search for weather information online , followed by national news at 73 percent .
Just over half -- 52 percent -- said they look for sports news , while 47 percent said they look for entertainment or celebrity news .
Online news users are generally younger than the average population , according to Pew .
About two - thirds of the study 's online news users were younger than 50 , and nearly 30 percent were younger than 30 .
Racially , that group is more white and Hispanic than the national average , while half of non-Hispanic black respondents said they get all of their news from offline sources .
Only television news still outpaces the Internet , with 78 percent of respondents saying they watch local news and 73 percent saying they view a national network or cable news channel like CNN , Fox News or MSNBC .
The report was based on a daily tracking survey of 2,259 adults age 18 or older .
The margin of error for all respondents is plus or minus 2.3 percentage points -- 2.7 percentage points for Internet users .
A combination of land line and cellular numbers was used in the survey .
Dear EarthTalk :
What are the environmental implications of all the food we throw away here in the United States ?
— Mike Schiller , Cambridge , Mass .
Food waste is a huge issue in America , especially in light of the growing divide between the profligate rich and the hungry poor .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s Food Loss Project , we throw away more than 25 percent — some 25.9 million tons — of all the food we produce for domestic sale and consumption .
A 2004 University of Arizona study pegs the figure at closer to 50 percent , finding that Americans squander some $ 43 billion annually on wasted food .
Lead researcher Timothy Jones reported that on average , U.S. households waste 14 percent of their food purchases .
He estimates that a family of four tosses out $ 590 per year in meat , fruits , vegetables and grain products alone .
Once this food gets to the landfill , it then generates methane , a greenhouse gas 23 times as potent as carbon dioxide in trapping heat within our atmosphere .
According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , landfills account for 34 percent of all methane emissions in the U.S. — meaning that the sandwich you made and then did n’t eat yesterday is increasing your personal — and our collective — carbon footprint .
Furthermore , researchers at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases ( NIDDK ) concluded in a 2009 study that each year a quarter of U.S. water consumption and over 300 million barrels of oil ( four percent of U.S. oil consumption ) go into producing and distributing food that ultimately ends up in landfills .
They add that per-capita food waste has increased by half since 1974 , and suggest that the “ U.S. obesity epidemic ” may be the result of a “ push effect ” of increased food availability and marketing to Americans unable to match their food intake with the increased supply of cheap food .
In spite of all this , environmentalists are optimistic that Americans can reduce their food waste .
For one , restaurants and markets are increasingly finding outlets — including soup kitchens feeding the poor and farms looking for cheap animal feed — for food they would otherwise toss .
Some communities now pick - up and centrally compost food waste from commercial and residential buildings and put the resulting nutrient - rich soil to use in municipal projects or for sale to the public .
And a few enterprising cities now have waste - to - energy technologies that extract methane from landfills for use as fuel .
An extreme reaction to the food waste issue is “ freeganism , ” a movement of people who live on the food cast off by others .
These “ dumpster divers ” share , in the words of movement founder Warren Oakes , “ an anti-consumeristic ethic about eating ” and not only avoid creating waste but live off that caused by others .
Going freegan might be a bit much for most of us , but we can all take action to minimize food waste .
The University of Arizona ’s Jones suggests more careful purchase planning , including devising complete menus and grocery lists , and knowing what foods are lurking in the fridge and pantry that should be used before they go bad .
And do n’t forget that many foods can be frozen and enjoyed later .
Jones contends that if we as a nation were able to cut our food waste in half we ’d extend the lifespan of landfills by decades and reduce soil depletion and the application of untold tons of fertilizers , pesticides and herbicides .
CONTACTS : University of Arizona Food Waste Study , www.communitycompost.org/info/usafood.pdf; NIDDK , www.niddk.nih.gov; Freegans , www.freegan.info
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS
TO : EarthTalk , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
EarthTalk is now a book !
Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook.
R 18 + FILMS AREA — THE PUBLIC ARE WARNED THAT MATERIAL DISPLAYED IN THIS AREA MAY CAUSE OFFENCE .
Here in America we tend to think of Australia as our cooler , more free - wheeling , anything goes cousin .
We ’re utterly wrong .
In fact , in recent years , Australia has become anything but free .
Instead , they always seem to be the first country to jump on the censorship band wagon .
They ’ve been only too happy to invent laws which restrict and filter the internet , or lobby to keep out movies which are n’t intended for children by claiming they need to protect their kids from them anyway ( hello Kick - Ass ) .
Today they took another step towards becoming the democratic equivalent of communist China when South Australia passed a law which will treat R- rated movies like porn .
This latest batch of Australian restrictions was reported by Gizmodo where they say the region ’s newest anti-freedom law will make it illegal to display R-rated movies alongside other movies .
Or alternatively , if it is displayed , the movie ’s cover must bear no markings other than the name of the film and this extremely lame warning :
In simple terms , this means if you ’re a Blockbuster , you ca n’t put an R - rated movie on the shelf next to a PG - 13 movie unless you want to make it look boring .
If you ’ve ever been in a video store in which there ’s a creepy back room with a curtain drawn across the entrance , then you know where this is going .
In America that creepy back room is where retailers keep the porn .
In Australia , that ’s where they ’ll keep The law will also affect theatrical releases .
Theaters will no longer be able to show trailers of any kind for R - rated movies .
Nor will they be able to display posters or other advertisements for them .
I guess this also means they wo n’t be able to put R- rated movies on the marquee , since that would mean displaying them next to other movies .
Should a theater break the law , the government has granted the police “ new powers of entry , seizure and forfeiture .
” There is one small , silver lining here .
This law is n’t quite as heinous as it seems at first glance .
In Australia , the R- rating is actually more closely equivalent to our NC - 17 .
For instancegets an MA15 + there , which is the next rating up from R .
Or perhaps more properly stated their R lies somewhere in the middle ground between our R and our NC - 17 . , which in the United States only got an R after a direct appeal from its director , is the kind of movie that gets an R18 + .
Apparently Australia thinks you must be a creep if you want to see Jason Mewes naked .
Maybe they are n’t wrong there .
Still , here in America , even our NC - 17s are n’t this restricted .
You can show them , you can sell them , most theaters simply choose not to .
In Australia it ’s no longer a choice , it ’s a law which , in a strange way makes this even worse than censorship .
It ’s censorship on the fringe , it ’s censorship without the stigma of using the word .
It ’s even more insidious because they 're not calling it what it is .
Essentially , what ’s really happened here is a rather large portion of Australia has just banned hard - R movies .
Technically they can still be shown , but what theater will run an R - rated movie when they can’t advertise that they ’re playing it ?
None of them will .
And while some video stores may still carry R-rated DVDs , now they ’ll have to build a separate room and buy a beaded curtain , or cover them with creepy , non-descript packaging , effectively attaching a thick sheen of shame to the process of renting them .
Want to watch ?
It ’s sitting next to the dildos .
You ’re probably better off just giving up and renting
There has been no actual evidence that COVID - 19 is hopping at will from humans to animals and back to humans , but technocrat scientists are claiming that your kitty can take you down if you do n't quarantine them along with yourself
UFC
UFC NEWS : UFC going head to head with Strikeforce on CBS on April 17th
Mar 4 , 2010 - 10:04:24 PM
UFC NEWS : UFC going head to head with Strikeforce on CBS on April 17th
In what really should n't come as that much of a surprise , the UFC will be putting a live show head to head with Strikeforce 's next event on CBS on April 17th .
The news comes from F4WOnline.com , and the report states the event is most likely to air on Spike TV .
While no headliner is known as of yet for the card , the report states the UFC is trying to finalize a welterweight bout between Matt Serra and Mike Swick .
Strikeforce and CBS have already announced the event for April 17th , which will feature three Title fights , with Dan Henderson vs. Jake Shields in the night 's main event .
I guess this should have been expected , and clearly the UFC had this in the works , but man this is going for the kill shot .
If they can pull a bigger number on Spike than Strikeforce does on CBS it 's even more of an indication of their dominance in the sport .
They have a fight that could pull the numbers needed as well : James Toney vs. Kimbo Slice .
It 's a fight Toney 's new MMA trainer Juanito Ibarra has said they were interested in , and one that Slice 's camp would likely be more than willing to take .
Kimbo has already drawn ridiculous numbers on Spike , and if you add that with the publicity Toney 's MMA debut will bring to an event on Spike , and the fact that the Henderson - Shields bout is an iffy draw as is , it could be the UFC in the lead by a wide margin on April 17th .
CBS executives would believe that they 're bringing in a different demographic to the Saturday Night Fights than just people that are already fans of the sport , but it is the majority of mainstream fans that will inflate their numbers .
Those are the people that made Fedor 's debut in November the ninth most watched fight in MMA history .
They may not tune in live for the three fights that Strikeforce is putting on that night if the UFC puts a good card on Spike , or even if they just put one major drawing fight to the card that night .
How this event shapes up will be a very big story over the next couple of weeks as more information comes out .
British driver Hamilton won the world title in 2008 Lewis Hamilton has apologised after his Mercedes road car was impounded by Melbourne police on Thursday evening .
The 25 - year - old , who set the fastest time in Friday 's Australian Grand Prix practice , is expected to be charged with improper use of a vehicle .
McLaren 's 2008 Formula 1 world champion admitted : " I was driving in an over - exuberant manner and , as a result , was stopped by the police .
" What I did was silly , and I want to apologise for it . "
The news broke hours after Hamilton recorded the quickest time in Friday 's second practice session .
His time of one minute , 26.801 seconds , was 0.25 seconds quicker than McLaren team - mate and current world champion Jenson Button .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Police constable Scott Woodford said Hamilton 's rear wheels were skidding as he accelerated out of Albert Park , where Sunday 's race is being staged .
" Given that Melbourne 's on the world stage with a lot of interstate and international visitors , we would expect drivers to observe road rules , " he said .
A Victoria police spokesman added : " The vehicle was seen to deliberately lose traction and was intercepted by police .
" The driver , a 25 - year - old man who resides in Switzerland , was spoken to at the scene and is expected to be charged on summons with improper use of a vehicle .
" The vehicle , a 2010 Mercedes , was impounded for 48 hours and the driver returned to his hotel . "
It is not the first time Hamilton 's driving has put him in trouble with the police .
In 2007 , his car was impounded in France after he was caught speeding .
Earlier this month , Hamilton insisted there would be no ' wild side ' to his character emerging following his decision that his father Anthony should no longer manage his career .
" I do n't think so , " Hamilton remarked at the time .
" I am who I am .
I do n't think anybody has stopped me from being who I wanted to be .
" When I arrived in the sport , I did n't go out and buy a million different cars , I took my time .
" Maybe I might buy one car this year , who knows .
But that 's not being wild .
" I 've still got the same girl , I race for the same team and I 've still the same dedication and determination . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Rupert Wingfield - Hayes
BBC News , Port-au - Prince
The 33 children were found with the Americans on a bus on the border For children , the streets of Port - au - Prince are some of the most dangerous in the world .
Even before the earthquake , kidnap gangs were estimated to take thousands of children from the slums and streets of the Haitian capital every year .
But the quake has made the situation even worse .
Now there are thousands of new orphans , and thousands more children separated from their families .
On Saturday afternoon I suddenly stumbled into the middle of a case that is now grabbing headlines around the world .
In the front office of the child protection police at Port - au - Prince airport I found 33 tiny children crammed on to benches and tables .
I had no idea who they were or where they had come from .
The policeman on the door told me there were white people inside , Americans , and they were trying to smuggle the children out of the country .
The rumour mill turns fast in Haiti , and soon a dozen local journalists were turning up .
Then - as we all scrambled forward with our microphones outstretched - a prosecutor came out to talk to us .
" These people were caught while on their way to the border with 33 children , " he said .
" They had no documentation on them at all , and no proof that these children are orphans . "
' Legitimate orphanage '
But who were the white people inside the police station ?
No -one could tell us .
Then - as they were being taken to the back of the station - one of them , a middle - aged woman , managed to slip us a piece of paper .
The mistake we made is we did n't understand additional paperwork was required
Laura Silsby
New Life Children 's Refuge
Haiti holds US ' child smugglers '
BBC Caribbean
On it was written her name , Laura Silsby , and the name of her organisation - The New Life Refuge , a Christian group from Idaho .
Late on Saturday night she was allowed out to speak to the media .
" In the time frame that they were with us the team deeply fell in love with the children , " she said .
" They are very precious kids that have lost their homes and their families , and are so , so in need of God 's love and compassion and a very nurturing setting . "
Ms Silsby said the group had received the children from a legitimate orphanage in Haiti and did not realise that additional paperwork was needed to take them out of the country .
New twist Well - intentioned but misguided then .
They wanted the best for the kids , but had taken a few short cuts .
But international law is very clear - taking children and trying to cross an international border without permission or documentation is child smuggling , regardless of your intentions .
" You ca n't just go and take a child out of a country - no matter what country you are in , " said Kent Page , a spokesman for Unicef in Haiti .
" There are processes that have to be followed .
You can't just pick up a child and walk out of a country with a child , no matter what your best intentions are , " he added .
Then - as Sunday wore on - a new development .
The orphanage in Port - au - Prince that is now looking after the 33 children has been talking to them , and it appears that not all of them are even orphans .
George Willeit , a spokesman for the Austrian - run orphanage , said they had talked to one little girl and she told them that she had parents .
" We talked to the little girl , maybe nine , " Mr Willeit said .
" And she told us , crying , that she does have parents .
She says she thought she was being sent to boarding school or to summer camp . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
+ 14
Schools • Dinajpur , Bangladesh Architects : Anna Heringer & Eike Roswag
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 325 m²
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2007
Photographs Photographs : Kurt Hoerbst
Text description provided by the architects .
Context : Bangladesh is a fertile alluvial land in the Gulf of Bengal and the land with the highest population density in the world .
On average nearly 1000 people live in every square kilometre and over 80 % of the population live in rural areas .
Much of the vernacular built tradition uses earth and bamboo as a building material , however , construction techniques are error - prone and many buildings lack foundations and damp proof coursing .
Such buildings require regular mainte - nance , are often prone to damage and last on average only 10 years .
Project aims :
It is particularly important to improve the quality of living in the rural areas in order to counteract the continuing popula- tion migration to the cities .
The primary potential for developing building in the rural areas is the low cost of labour and locally available resources such as earth and bamboo .
The project ’s main strategy is to communicate and develop knowledge and skills within the local population so that they can make the best possible use of their available resources .
Historic building techniques are developed and improved and the skills passed on to local tradesmen transforming in the process the image of the building techniques .
Concept and Design : METI aims to promote individual abilities and interests taking into account the different learning speeds of the schoolchil - dren and trainees in a free and open form of learning .
It offers an alternative to the typical frontal approach to lessons .
The architecture of the new school reflects this principle and provides different kinds of spaces and uses to support this approach to teaching and learning .
On the ground floor with its thick earth walls , three classrooms are located each with their own access opening to an organically shaped system of ‘ caves ’ to the rear of the classroom .
The soft interiors of theses spaces are for touching , for nestling up against , for retreating into for exploration or concentration , on one ’s own or in a group .
The upper floor is by contrast light and open , the openings in its bamboo walls offering sweeping views across the sur- roundings , its large interior providing space for movement .
The view expands across the treetops and the village pond .
Light and shadows from the bamboo strips play across the earth floor and contrast with the colourful materials of the saris on the ceiling .
Building construction and techniques :
The building rests on a 50 cm deep brick masonry foundation rendered with a facing cement plaster .
Bricks are the most common product of Bangladesh ’s building manufacturing industry .
Bangladesh has almost no natural reserves of stone and as an alternative the clayey alluvial sand is fired in open circular kilns into bricks .
These are used for building or are broken down for use as an aggregrate for concrete or as ballast chippings .
Imported coal is used to fire the kilns .
Aside from the foundation , the damp proof course was the other most fundamental addition to local earthen building skills .
The damp proof course is a double layer of locally available PE - film .
The ground floor is realised as load - bearing walls using a technique similar to cob walling .
A straw - earth mixture with a low straw content was manufactured with the help of cows and water buffalo and then heaped on top of the foundation wall to a height of 65 cm per layer .
Excess material extending beyond the width of the wall is trimmed off using sharp spades after a few days .
After a drying period of about a week the next layer of cob can be applied .
In the third and fourth layers the door and window lintels and jambs were integrated as well as a ring beam made of thick bamboo canes as a wall plate for the ceiling .
The ceiling of the ground floor is a triple layer of bamboo canes with the central layer arranged perpendicular to the layers above and beneath to provide lateral stabilisation and a connection between the supporting beams .
A layer of planking made of split bamboo canes was laid on the central layer and filled with the earthen mixture analogue to the technique often used in the ceilings of European timber - frame constructions .
The upper storey is a frame construction of four - layer bamboo beams and vertical and diagonal members arranged at right angles to the building .
The end of the frames at the short ends of the building and the stair also serve to stiffen the building .
These are connected via additional structural members with the upper and lower sides of the main beams and equipped with additional windbracing on the upper surface of the frame .
A series of bamboo rafters at half the interval of the frame construction beneath provide support for the corrugated iron roof construction and are covered with timber panelling and adjusted in height to provide sufficient run-off .
Finishes and fittings :
The exterior surface of the earth walls remains visible and the window jambs are rendered with a lime plaster .
The framework constructon of the green façade to the rear is made of bamboo canes seated in footings made of old well pipe and with split horizontal timbers as latticework .
The interior surfaces are plastered with a clay paster and painted with a lime - based paint .
The ‘ cave ’s are made of a straw - earth daub applied to a supporting structure of bamboo canes and plastered with a red earth plaster .
The upper storey façades are clad with window frames covered with bamboo strips and coupling elements hung onto the columns of the frame construction .
A fifth layer of cob walling provides a parapet around the upper storey forming a bench run- ning around the perimeter of the building and anchoring the upper storey frame construction and roof against wind from beneath .
A textile ceiling is hung beneath the roof is lit from behind in the evening .
The cavity behind the textiles ventilates the roof space .
On - site labour using and training the local workforce :
The masonry foundation was constructed by a company from the regional capital Dinajpur around 20 km from Rudrapur .
The earth building works and bamboo construction was undertaken by local labourers .
The building techniques were implemented and developed on the job together with architects and tradesmen from Germany and Austria .
25 local tradesmen from the vicinity were trained during the building works creating new jobs and providing professional “ help for self - help ” .
Exemplary nature , transferability , follow - on projects : School handmade showcases the potential of good planning and design , from the arrangement of the building on the site to the realisation of aspects in detail .
Furthermore it demonstrates the possibilities of building with earth and bamboo using simple methods as the continua - tion of a local rural building tradition and can serve as an example for future building developments in the area .
A stable foundation and a damp proof course are the primary technical prerequisites for building with earth , making the buildings last longer and reducing maintenance requirements .
For smaller room spans , the newly developed bamboo ceiling construction can be made entirely out of local materials using handmade jute rope and bamboo dowelling .
METI , Modern Education and Training Institute : METI enables children and young people in the region to take classes up to the age of 14 and provides workshops for trade - oriented professions .
The idea is to provide the rural population with access to good , holistically - oriented educa - tion .
The children and young people are encouraged to develop into responsible , motivated and creative personalities and to use their skills to improve and develop their immediate rural environment .
Reading , writing and arithmetic as well as languages are offered in a free environment and through open forms of learning .
Meditation , dance and creative writ - ing are part of everyday learning at the METI School as are discussions , learning as part of a group and self - critical and social behaviour .
Dipshikha , Bangladesh : Dipshikha is an NGO dedicated to supporting development in the particularly poor regions of northern Bangladesh and has been active in this area for nearly 25 years .
Paul Tigga , director of Dipshikha explains that the aim is to open up pos- sibilities in the villages to make people aware of the potential at home in an attempt to strengthen the region and reduce outward migration to the cities .
Shanti e.V. has been the German partner for Dipshikha since its foundation and supports the financing , planning and implementation of development and educational work .
A central aspect of their work is the implementation of integrated village development programmes for education , health , strengthening the position of women in society , nutrition , agricul - ture and trade skills .
Shanti also provides support in emergency situations and exchange and volunteer programmes .
The PMK has supported METI for many years and was a partner for the school building together with Shanti and Dip - shikha .
The power of Eclipse in your favorite editor .
What is it ?¶
Eclim provides the ability to access Eclipse code editing features ( code completion , searching , code validation , and many more ) via the command line or a local network connection , allowing those features to be integrated with your favorite editor .
Eclim provides an integration with Vim , but third party clients have been created to add eclim support to other editors as well ( emacs , sublime text 2 , textmate ) .
There are three primary usage scenarios in which eclim is designed to be used :
The first scenario is for those for which vim is their primary editing interface .
In this scenario you run a headless instance of eclipse which all vim instances can then communicate with to provide the various eclipse features .
The second scenario is for those who prefer using vim as their main interface , but frequently end up jumping back to eclipse for any features not provided by eclim .
In this case you can run the eclim server inside of the eclipse gui and then interact with it via external vim instances just like the first scenario .
The last scenario is for those who wish to use the eclipse interface full time , but want to use gvim as an embedded eclipse editor .
Just like the previous use case , the eclim server is run inside of the eclipse gui and the embedded gvim will interact with it just like external vim instances would .
This feature is only support Linux systems ( where gvim is compiled with the gtk gui ) .
Note Please be aware that the embedded vim does not behave like a standard eclipse editor .
It ’s a separate program ( vim ) embedded into eclipse , so eclipse features are provided by eclim ’s vim plugins and not the usual eclipse key bindings , context menus , etc .
For those that just want vim like key bindings in their eclipse editors , vrapper is an excellent alternative which provides exactly that .
Eclim is released under the GPLv3 .
Visit our archive for more free photo galleries and videos .
Welcome
This is a clean and honest site about beautiful nude girls .
We hope you enjoy kindgirls .
Do not forget to have a look at our free Photo Archive : 119433 photos in 8746 galleries , growing daily ( or almost ) .
Live Shows
Jasmin Amateur girls with cams offering free chats and private sex shows from home .
We recommend that you create a free account , as girls usually ignore users without a nickname .
And please , be polite and kind .
The Essence of Sensuality
NubileFilms
Capturing the essence of sensuality while providing a experience that makes you feel like you are in the same room not just watching but participating in the action .
Kindgirls special price 30 % off .
Porn in Style
X - Art Offers beautiful , explicit , erotic videos and photography .
All shot with quality and clarity by Brigham Field and other top photographers .
Click here for free sample gallery and video
High - Quality Erotica
Hegre
The most breathtaking visuals in the history of contemporary erotic photography .
Through intimate and authentic moments of sexual pleasure , some of the world ’s most beautiful women come to explore their sexuality .
Girls
Recently added
Note
This site is labelled with RTA to prevent entry by minors or other people who might be offended .
To block access to this website activate the parental control on your device .
More information for parents .
All content on this site is used with the full permission of the respective owners , and is displayed for promotional purposes only .
All models were 18 years of age or older when photographed or filmed .
If you are concerned about privacy when visiting adult content , this website ( pornandprivacy.com ) may be interesting for you .
Sponsors
Support us by joining one of these great pay sites :
Thank you !
Recommended
Chandler 's plan to install high - frequency Dog Silencers to stop barking in Shawnee Bark Park has hit a snag .
The problem :
When one dog barks , those nearby also get zapped with an annoying sound .
Some critics say the contraptions - triggered by barking and audible only to canines - were not designed for public places and can harm dogs that are n't barking .
It 's the latest controversy in more than a year of conflicts over use of the popular park southwest of Alma School and Elliot roads and the disruption that dogs and their owners bring to the neighborhood .
A committee of representatives from both sides could n't come up with a compromise after months of discussion , Community Services Director Mark Eynatten said .
The stalemate and a suggestion by park users to consider technology led to the recent purchase of four Dog Silencer Pros from Medford , Ore. - based Good Life LLC for $ 360 , he said .
But when word of the purchase got out , a few dog owners e-mailed objections to city officials , saying the devices pose health and behavior risks .
That prompted Eynatten to delay installation .
He said he is now seeking information about the potential effects on dog health .
" The fact that the bark - park users on the committee brought forth this idea with assurances that the devices do not harm dogs gave the recommendation substantial validity , " wrote resident Norton Rodgers , a regular dog - park visitor who objected to the installation .
Rodgers believes Dog Silencers are not designed for public places and may disrupt canine behavior and undo years of owner training if they are installed in Shawnee Park .
That 's because the device 's sound , which is irritating to dogs but inaudible to humans , goes off when a dog barks .
Animals that are n't barking also hear it and may think whatever they are doing at the time is something bad , Rodgers said .
" One dog barks and they all suffer .
What galls me is they went out and bought these things without doing their homework . "
Good Life spokesman Sean Moeschl said dogs associate the irritating sound with barking , not other behaviors , and his company has had no feedback from users about negative effects on non-barking dogs .
However , in the four years that Good Life has been marketing Dog Silencers , only Chandler 's have been purchased for installation in public parks , he said .
The only other government buyers have been police departments that purchase the devices to manage neighborhood barking - dog complaints on private property .
Dog Silencers pick up barking up to 75 feet away ; the irritating sound activated by barking travels up to 300 feet , Moeschl said .
Although some neighbors around Shawnee Bark Park have complained about odor , traffic and crowds , the predominant gripe to city officials is about barking .
Neighbor David Gordon told Parks Board members in November that he hears hours of " dog fights followed by people screaming for their dogs to stop . . . more than a reasonable person should be expected to endure .
There is no escape ; the dog park is my noisy neighbor . "
A proposal during that board meeting to shorten park hours met with protests from users , who said the facility is a popular gathering place that creates human and canine bonds and you can't blame dogs for barking .
As a compromise , the city installed electronic gates that enforce the existing hours : 6 a.m. to 10:30 p.m .
Have you been in an accident or suffered an injury caused by someone else 's negligence ?
Contact us .
Rosato Law Offices has been providing reliable legal representation for personal injury cases for 34 years .
Archimedes famously said , “ give me a place to stand and with a lever I will move the whole world . ”
This is equally true of the world of ideas .
Descartes said that , given a single idea that was certain and indubitable , he could likewise entertain the highest expectations .
But implanting in others a single false idea that leads one to evil corollaries and unethical actions can be equally powerful .
Few people examine the realm of beliefs , even though understanding beliefs is the key to understanding people and the systems ( ideological or political ) which rule over them .
The concept of the fixed idea is a key to understanding how people are radically changed , and how indoctrination can override the true self .
The fixed idea , above all else , is the fulcrum for making good men adore evil .
The fixed idea is also essential to all brainwashing .
And here ’s the clincher : it takes no more effort to make people believe a fixed idea than it does making them believe any other idea !
But what is a fixed idea ?
We can identify them by looking at two specific attributes :
1 . The fixed idea is an absolute , said to be true in all cases , and generally must not be questioned ( or can not be questioned because it has epistemic consequences ) .
2 . The fixed idea is an a priori , and any justification offered for it are obviously ad hoc and after the fact .
Either way , it cannot be disproved by observation or experiment , making refutation impossible unless one shakes his belief in the idea to begin with .
3 . The efficacy of a fixed idea depends on how many corollaries can be pinned to it , and how varied those corollaries can be .
Religion is the most obvious source of fixed ideas .
For example , Christianity is predicated on the fixed idea “ the Bible is an infallible book . ”
This is by definition absolute and a priori ( the idea that any book is infallible is certainly not observable or proveable ) .
Most importantly , a wide number of varied corollaries can be pinned to it , as history demonstrates .
“ God exists ” is also a fixed idea , but it does n’t have many corollaries unless it ’s linked to the Bible or some other vehicle .
The most versatile fixed ideas are the most powerful .
One can pick anything from a book and extract some ethical principle , or its opposite .
Likewise , belief in the law as an absolute is very open - ended , as it can be used to justify just about any system or principle , especially as the law itself is always constructed by class interests .
The idea that “ the law must be obeyed absolutely ” underpins statism , like the idea of “ my country , right or wrong ” underpins war .
In all these institutions that characterize our society , you will find at least one fixed idea .
In capitalism , I believe the fixed idea can be found in the concept of profit .
I said that it ’s as easy to convince someone of a fixed idea as it is to convince them of any other idea .
The easiest way to accomplish this is to bombard the prospective believer with “ evidence . ”
Of course , no such evidence actually exists , but disparate facts or fictions can be implied or assumed to prove that the idea is true .
As an example , many disparate facts or fictions can be marshalled to “ prove ” that the Bible is infallible .
One can argue any number of the following :
* “ More than one billion people consider the Bible to be true . ”
* “ The Bible has hundreds of fulfilled prophecies . ” ( we know they were fulfilled because the Bible itself tells us they were )
* “ Evolution is a lie .
Only the Bible has the answer to where we come from . ”
* “ Science cannot give us the answers to life ’s purpose .
Only the Bible has the answer .
Any answer you might give is entirely subjective . ”
* “ The Bible is the only book that claims to be the word of God . ”
* “ Despite its size and number of books , the Bible is so coherent that it could n’t have been written by man . ”
And so on and so forth .
These are , of course , ad hoc rationalizations , besides the numerous fallacies each of them commits , but to the uninitiated such an aggregate may be very convincing .
Well , we know it is , because people convert all the time .
Everyone assumes that everyone else must have had good reasons to do so , but in fact no one really does .
In conformity and obedience , we find that everyone has the same belief that “ someone must know what they ’re doing , ” “ someone must know the really good arguments , ” and crushing disillusionment when we realize they do n’t .
There is no end of logical or pragmatic rationalizations to someone who is confronted with facts that contradict a fixed idea .
Any number of these facts , no matter how valid , can be ignored .
There is such a thing as cognitive dissonance , but this is not a point at which we can no longer rationalize as much as a point where our brain simply gives up .
It is possible to rationalize even against the direct evidence of our senses , but most people do not have the capacity or will to doublethink their way out of it .
I am reminded of the most famous current Christian theologian , William Lane Craig , who admitted in writing as well as in personal testimony that if he went back in time , observed Jesus ’ tomb for any number of days , and saw that Jesus never came back out , he would still believe in Christianity and would take this observation as a test of faith .
Of course , we do n’t know if he would actually react in that way , but either way it probably takes someone as uncreative and humanity - demeaning as a theologian to be able to rationalize his own perceptions to such an extreme degree .
Now here ’s another interesting personality - related phenomenon .
I said that a fixed idea ( not just religion ) can make good people commit evil actions .
Not only that , but it can also make an entire society evaluate evil actions as being good .
But if that ’s the case , then why do most people not commit these evil actions ?
Why are not all Christians or Islamists as violent as their fundamentalist counterparts , why do not all believers in the law want to bash everyone ’s head in , why are not all nationalists soldiers , and so on and so forth ?
In short , why do most people not take their beliefs to their logical conclusion ?
While there is no clear answer to this question , it seems logical to conclude that it must have to do with the degree to which the fixed idea has imparted to the individual a level of ethical dogmatism .
Most believers do not wish to impart harm to others , unless that harm is abstract or explained away by authority .
Those who actually go out and inflict concrete harm are usually those whose livelihood depends on the institution examined , or people who have been changed the most by the fixed idea ’s influence on their lives as a whole .
Why is mobile betting going to be the future of this industry ?
Egg Recipes
Eggs are a versatile ingredient , adding protein and nutrition to a wide range of recipes .
In many recipes , eggs serve as a binder or emulsifier , works with leavening agents , and produces better texture .
Of course , the old standbys of egg breakfasts — scrambled eggs , sunny - side - up or over - easy eggs , and egg skillets — never go out of style .
We invite you to look over our egg recipes to get ideas for how you can improve your family ’s protein intake and nutrition by cooking with eggs .
And if you use eggs in a favorite recipe not mentioned here , be sure to send it our way , and we just might include it here for others to enjoy !
This is reposted from the podcast home page .
Brendan and Andrew continue their dialogue with Patrick Murray , the noted value - form theorist .
( The value - form paradigm is a Marx - inspired strand of political economy that focuses on the market . )
Patrick responds to Andrew ’s arguments that Marx ’s views on the origin of profit , intra-firm trade , and the quantity theory of money presuppose that commodities ’ prices are determined before they are sold .
And , as in Part 1 , much of the discussion focuses on whether , in Marx ’s theory , a commodity ’s value is only potential before it is sold ; whether “ co-constitutive ” value - form theory collapses into a more extreme version ; and whether Marx held that the magnitude of a commodity ’s value is determined exclusively by the amount of labor that is socially necessary to produce it .
Throughout the discussion , frequent reference is made to : a published symposium on the value - form paradigm , in which Andrew and others criticized the paradigm , while Patrick responded to them ; Part 1 and Part 2 of the recent RFH discussion of “ The Value - Form Paradigm vs. Marx ’s ‘ Capital ’ ” ; and Marx ’s Capital , especially chapter 1 and chapter 3 of volume 1 .
Plus : current - events segment on our attitudes to the Democratic Party and Jill - Stein voters , in response to a listener ’s comments .
Radio Free Humanity is a podcast covering news , politics and philosophy from a Marxist - Humanist perspective .
It is co-hosted by Brendan Cooney and Andrew Kliman .
We intend to release new episodes every two weeks .
Radio Free Humanity is sponsored by MHI , but the views expressed by the co-hosts and guests of Radio Free Humanity are their own .
They do not necessarily reflect the views and positions of MHI .
We welcome and encourage listeners ’ comments , posted on this episode ’s page .
Please visit MHI ’s online print publication , With Sober Senses , for further news , commentary , and analysis .
Click here for more episodes .
Sometimes they were very clever , sometimes they were very hardcore and sometimes the people around them were very stupid .
They lived their whole lives , often convincing even their spouses that they were a different gender .
How ?
Throughout history , men and women have disguised themselves as the opposite sex , some of them really really well , in a way that confuses and possibly arouses us .
But among them are the truly amazing stories where their masquerade was n't discovered with the dramatic removal of a hat with some slow motion hair tossing , but after some surprise genitals turn up in a post - mortem examination .
6 Billy Tipton
Billy Tipton was a jazz musician from the 30s through the 60s , and like most jazz musicians of that era , a partier and a womanizer .
Unlike most jazz musicians of that era , he was also biologically a woman .
See ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Born as Dorothy Tipton , she got into jazz in high school but was forbidden from joining the school band because girls were n't allowed .
Because of this continuing pattern of prejudice against women in jazz , and because she liked getting it on with women , she began to dress like a man .
At first it was just to fool people for jazz gigs , but she dug it so much that she completely became " Billy Tipton " and declared herself a member of the penis club .
Sex change surgery being several decades in the future , Billy tied down his boobs and stuffed his pants .
Penis Club membership kit .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Incredibly , " he " got away with this through a long - term relationship with a girl .
And then another one .
And another .
Tipton had five long term relationships in his life , and got by each time by claiming that a car accident had coincidentally mutilated both his man parts and his chest , which explained his chest bandages and why they always had to try unconventional sex methods .
A few close cousins may have known about his / her double life , and possibly some of his lovers , but you know who did n't ?
Tipton 's children .
Iraqi voters turned out heavily in Sunday ’s national elections , despite an upsurge of violence leading up to the balloting , news reports indicate .
Iraq ’s Independent High Electoral Commission said on Monday that the election day turnout reached 62 percent .
That does not include several days of early voting .
Results will be announced on Friday .
The Aswat al - Iraq ( Voices of Iraq ) news agency reported that the March 7 parliamentary elections were the largest ever held in Iraq , with 19 million eligible voters in all of Iraq ’s 18 provinces .
They were electing 325 members of Parliament who will govern Iraq for the next four years , as the country emerges from U.S. military occupation .
Attacks in Baghdad and elsewhere on the morning of the elections left over 30 people killed and 32 others wounded .
This followed weeks of stepped up violence .
Iraqi politicians from left to right had warned that the attacks were aiming to intimidate voters and “ render the country ’s political process altogether a failure , ” as one media commentator told Aswat al - Iraq .
Judging by the turnout , however , the majority refused to be intimidated .
Conservative Sunni leaders , some linked to Baathists , who had organized a boycott of the parliamentary elections four years ago this time ran on various slates and assailed the violence , as did conservative Shiite Islamists .
Although the voting appeared to have gone relatively smoothly , the results will be marred by the problematic election law adopted after months of wrangling .
The law ’s provisions favor the currently dominant political groupings and make it more difficult than previously for smaller slates to win seats in Parliament .
In fact , the votes for those smaller slates that do not meet the threshold are redistributed to the dominant parties .
Iraq ’s Communist Party and other groups had fought for a more even - handed election process , and assailed the law as undemocratic .
Nevertheless , the Communists said building democracy in Iraq would require continuing struggle , and the party waged an active election campaign , leading a left People ’s Unity slate with several other small parties .
A rally by the Communist - led slate last week at an outdoor stadium in Baghdad drew some 15,000 cheering , banner - waving participants .
A few prominent slates , drawing on big financial resources , are expected to wind up with the most seats in Parliament .
They include :
* Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki ’s State of Law slate , which includes his Shiite Islamic Dawa party and others ;
* the Shiite Islamic Iraqi National Alliance , which includes the Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council , Moqtada al - Sadr ’s group and others ;
* the Iraqi National Movement / Iraqiya slate headed by former Prime Minister Iyad Allawi , which includes a number of Sunni figures and groups ;
* the Kurdish Alliance , which includes the two long - standing ruling Kurdish parties .
Some combination of these , aligned with other slates , will determine who the next prime minister will be .
Every one of them has presented itself as a national , rather than a religious or sectarian - based , coalition .
They have focused on their technocratic , secular and even academic qualifications , put forward similar slogans and promises , and made no mention of their religious or sectarian agendas .
This reflects the Iraqi public ’s increasing rejection of religious candidates and programs and sectarian - based politics .
This trend was demonstrated strongly in last year ’s provincial elections .
The driving force has been mass anger over militia violence , corruption , and failure to improve daily living conditions and economic life .
In Najaf , in heavily Shiite southern Iraq , candidate Samad Saheb , from the Popular Unity slate , noted this shift in public sentiment .
“ The past failures have kept them away from the religious parties , and stimulated them to look for confidence in secular and leftist parties , ” he told a reporter for Niqash .
“ The change will not be total , because of the reemergence of sectarian tendencies immediately before the start of the electoral campaign but it will certainly be clear . ”
Before the election , hints were floated in U.S. media that the United States might delay its phased troop withdrawal – with a big pullout scheduled for this summer .
This morning , Foreign Policy magazine analyst Marc Lych suggested that the withdrawal would proceed as scheduled .
“ The election produced nothing to change the U.S. drawdown schedule , and offered little sign that Iraqis are eager to revise the SOFA or ask the U.S. to keep troops longer .
Iraq is in Iraqi hands , ” he wrote .
Photo : Rally for the People ’s Unity slate led by the Iraqi Communist Party , last week in Baghdad ( photo by Iraqi Communist Party ) .
( written from a Production point of view Real World article
Star Trek : Deep Space Nine – Fool 's Gold is a miniseries from IDW Publishing .
A four - issue miniseries which began in December 2009 , the series is written by Scott and David Tipton , with art from Fabio Mantovani .
The miniseries is IDW 's first Star Trek : Deep Space Nine release .
The solicitation text for the miniseries reads :
Captain Sisko and the crew of Deep Space Nine make their triumphant return to comics !
When the station begins to be overrun by thieves , treasure - seekers , bounty - hunters and other assorted ne'er - do - wells , Major Kira and Constable Odo must find out why .
Can they get to the bottom of it before the station 's new visitors bring things to a boiling point ?
The series was collected in trade paperback form , and released in August 2010 .
Creators
Issues
External link
Greece must consider a fire sale of land , historic buildings and art works to cut its debts , two rightwing German politicians said today in a newspaper interview that is bound to exacerbate tensions between Athens and Berlin .
Alongside austerity measures such as cuts to public sector pay and a freeze on state pensions , why not sell a few uninhabited islands or ancient artefacts , asked Josef Schlarmann , a senior member of Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats , and Frank Schaeffler , a finance policy expert in the Free Democrats .
The Acropolis and the Parthenon could also fall under the hammer , along with temptingly idyllic Aegean islands still under state ownership , in a rush to keep bankruptcy at bay .
" Those in insolvency have to sell everything they have to pay their creditors , " Schlarmann told Bild newspaper .
" Greece owns buildings , companies and uninhabited islands , which could all be used for debt redemption . "
Only yesterday the ruling socialist government in Greece published its third attempt to reduce the country 's debts and please EU governments , which have pledged to support the beleaguered economy if austerity measures are enacted .
Strikes and street protests have already threatened to bring many industries and public services to a standstill if the cuts go ahead .
But Germans remain unmoved by the troubles facing Greece .
Opinion polls show Germans are overwhelmingly against a Berlin - funded bailout .
Greece 's deficit was 12.7 % of national income in 2009 , well ahead of the EU's 3 % limit .
Merkel will meet the Greek prime minister , George Papandreou , in Berlin on Friday .
" The chancellor cannot promise Greece any help , " Schaeffler told Bild in a story under the headline : " Sell your islands , you bankrupt Greeks !
And sell the Acropolis too ! "
" The Greek government has to take radical steps to sell its property – for example its uninhabited islands , " Schaeffler told Germany 's best - selling daily newspaper .
Greece 's deputy foreign minister , Dimitris Droutsas , was asked about the idea in an interview with ARD TV .
" I 've also heard the suggestion we should sell the Acropolis , " Droutsas said .
" Suggestions like this are not appropriate at this time . "
Germans have had an allergic reaction to reports their country may be part of a bailout for Greece .
Many fear it could lead to similar calls for cash from Spain and Portugal , which have also been badly hit following the financial crash .
Europe 's biggest economy itself is only just creeping out of its worst postwar recession .
Last week figures revealed the German economy had stalled , while separately , politicians wrestled with a bigger bailout for its second - largest bank , Commerzbank , which purchased billions of pounds worth of exotic financial instruments linked to US sub - prime mortgages .
Greeks reacted with outrage to the proposals today , with many taking to the airwaves to complain about all things Teutonic .
" I do n't mind so much about the austerity measures , it 's the Germans , " a former government employee told a radio host .
" The suggestion that we now sell off our national assets has got me so angry I am boycotting all their products . "
The country 's consumer federation , INKA , summoned Greeks to boycott German products , including supermarket chains and car dealerships , following a spasm of national fury at the way the country was being portrayed by the German media .
" The pressure the Germans are putting us under is outrageous , " said Sarandi Pitsas , a pensioner who took to the streets to protest against the austerity measures .
" When we were carving beautiful statues like the Venus de Milos , " he said , referring to the cover of a German magazine which showed the statue gesturing obscenely under the headline ' Greek cheats ' , " they were living in caves and growling like dogs . "
Five days after it was launched , the 100,000 - strong consumer group says the boycott of products and shops is going splendidly .
" The response has been immense , " Haralambous Velidarakis , a board member of INKA , said .
" This is not against the German people but in protest against sustained attacks from the German government , which will lead to the impoverishment of Greeks . "
Greece 's satirical weekly To Pontiki ( the mouse ) put it another way today .
Its front - page cover asked : " Does Greece belong to the Greeks ? "
Liz B. sent in a screen shot and some commentary .
She did such a nice job explaining that I ’m just going to let her do it :
I ’m an undergraduate student at a Big Ten school , and today I was perusing the course tracking website that gives students access to their grades , their homework etc .
One of the features is that you can change the “ theme ” of the site …
I came across the “ physiology and anatomy ” theme …
What struck me was not that they had a physiological representation of both sexes , but by how gendered their stances are .
The man stands straight , looking ahead , even weight distribution .
The female form is almost classically passive , hands held behind her back , weight distribution uneven .
Close up :
Liz continues :
Its striking that these notions about gendered bodies are inserted into even seemingly scientifically oriented things .
Its a fair assumption that the designers for the site intended this theme for those who are participating in an anatomically related major , people who are being ( or should be ) trained to view the body , sans socially constructed gender norms .
Yet , here , we see a prime example of gender presentation used in a scientific context …
[ A ] re our doctors and scientists being instilled with these kinds of images throughout their academic lives ?
If so , its no small wonder why there are doctors and scientists who lend credibility to gender norms by operating on them as if they are nature , or why many people view gender as so fatalistically natural .
More examples :
Jennifer sent in these two anatomy illustrations from a gym .
“ Surprisingly , ” she said :
they had one for both men and women – you would think the two would be practically identical and you could get away with a generic figure .
Then I noticed that there was a big difference in how the two sexes were presented .
The male figure is standing straight up , lifting a heavy weight .
We see him in a simple front , side , and back view .
The female figure , however , is posed in a flirtatious manner , and we see her only from the front and back .
Even when she does n’t have skin or facial features , she ’s still presenting her chest and butt and tossing her hair to the side .
She ’s also shown lifting what appear to be very light hand weights .
It ’s a problematic message : men go to the gym to become functional and stronger , women come to the gym to become sexually attractive but not TOO strong while they ’re at it .
Here they are :
Liz Q. sent us a link to a CBS News video on urinary tract infections ( via Jezebel ) that included the following anatomical illustration :
Halley M. sent in this image from the Wikipedia entry under “ human ” and “ anatomy . ”
It presents also presents the female in a decorative , as opposed to illustrative , pose ( after the jump because NSFW ) :
Science fan Ryan sent us an image of the Pioneer plaques , which she explains “ were placed on two of the pioneer spacecrafts and were both inscribed with an image that was supposed to depict some basic information about humans in case the crafts were intercepted by extraterrestrials . ”
Ryan points out ,
In yesterday ’s News Corp earnings call , Rupert Murdoch revealed there have been “ very early talks about it ” with James Cameron and “ we ’ll be pushing for one ” .
He also noted about the sequel : “ Jim had ideas for one ” but “ we have n’t come to any agreement with him or budget or timing . ”
Murdoch also referred to the fact that Avatar was 14 - years in the making , so “ being Jim Cameron I would n’t hold your breath for an early one . ”
by Doug Vance on November 1 , 2009
If all politics are methods for controlling people with ideas and liberalism is fully within the realm of politics , then liberalism is a method for imposing its own progressive brand of control over others .
Human rights are the core of liberalism ;
Human rights are a precondition for progress and stability ;
Human rights can only be secured by true democracy ;
True democracy is inseparable from political and civil liberty liberal - international
Violent Pacification
Liberalism is a child of the White Western European Enlightenment age .
Its developers and proponents generally remain White Western Europeans who happen to be liberals .
By making liberal policy into law , imposing intervention on non-conforming lands abroad , and going to war to impose liberal democracy in Korea , Vietnam , the former Yugoslavia , Iraq and Afghanistan , liberals aggressively assert the supremacy of their ideology over that of others .
One side - effect of the so - called war on terror has been a crisis of liberalism .
This is not only a question of alarmingly illiberal legislation , but a more general problem of how the liberal state deals with its anti-liberal enemies .
This , surely , is the acid test of any liberal creed .
Anyone can be tolerant of those who are tolerant .
A community of the broad - minded is a pleasant place , but requires no great moral effort .
The key issue is how the liberal state copes with those who reject its ideological framework .
It is fashionable today to speak of being open to the “ Other ” .
But what if the Other detests your openness as much as it does your lapdancing clubs ?
guardian
Mandatory Liberty
Intolerant of the intolerant , historically and contradicting their bullet points , like all political orders , liberal rulership dominates , imprisons , torments and kills unrelated , foreign outsiders to impose their order .
Toward dissenting insiders within the liberal order , the soft totalitarianism of ostracism is used instead .
It comes as little surprise that some scholars describe this behaviour as a dictatorship of well being .
Contemporary liberal democracy amply demonstrates the degree to which the economic and spiritual needs of citizens have become homogenized .
Citizens act more and more indistinguishably in a new form of “ dictatorship of well - being . ” [ 34 ]
Certainly , this homogeneity in liberal democracy does not spring from coercion or physical exclusion , but rather from the voter ’s sense of futility .
Official censorship is no longer needed as the ostracism resulting from political incorrectness becomes daily more obvious .
Citizens appear more and more apathetic , knowing in all likelihood that , regardless of their participation , the current power structure will remain intact .
Moreover , liberal democrats , as much as they complain about the intolerance of others , often appear themselves scornful of those who doubt liberal doctrines , particularly the beliefs in rationalism and economic progress .
rosenoire
Dehumanizing Humans
Anyone expressing dissent from liberalism is first met with a barrage of ad hominem attacks : inhumane , racist , divisive , intolerant , backward , ignorant , Nazi , Hitler , etc .
This attack is intended to reposition the dissenter into a ( according to the forcefully dominant and popularly marketed liberal worldview ) morally and thus politically inferior position .
I believe that the continuation of a peaceful American society will depend on our learning how to respectfully listen to one another .
One of the most troubling facets of life today is the powerful movement by left - leaning organizations and governmental officials to engage in character assassination , by labeling anyone who disagrees with their liberal utopian vision for society as unworthy of participating in the conversation about our nation ’s future .
A quick look at global history reveals the dangers of following such a short - sighted approach .
tennessean
Undemocratic Democrats
It is not about the lofty bullet - pointed ideas of liberal public relations marketing .
It is all about a power structure maintaining its control at all costs , even to the extent of jailing heretics and commitment to world wars .
What the liberal mind is passionate about is a world filled with pity , sorrow , neediness , misfortune , poverty , suspicion , mistrust , anger , exploitation , discrimination , victimization , alienation and injustice .
Those who occupy this world are â€œworkers , â€ â€œminorities , â€ â€ œthe little guy , â€ â€œwomen , â€ and the â€œunemployed .
â€ 
They are poor , weak , sick , wronged , cheated , oppressed , disenfranchised , exploited and victimized .
They bear no responsibility for their problems .
None of their agonies are attributable to faults or failings of their own : not to poor choices , bad habits , faulty judgment , wishful thinking , lack of ambition , low frustration tolerance , mental illness or defects in character .
townhall
The liberal , humanist ideas are one of its methods of appeal toward this end .
As indicated above , the ideas of liberalism today are not at all the goal itself .
The reasons for all this , though widespread today , are simple and individual , not complex and conspiratorial like some Dr. Evil hell bent on world dominion .
Briefly , the goal is institutionalized collective defensiveness against personal fears ( inadequacy is a big one ) , real , or imagined , and projecting the incarnations of these fears onto detractors , while themselves blindly becoming the incarnation of these fears .
As Herr Nietzsche would have it :
And if you gaze for long into an abyss , the abyss gazes also into you .
Time will tell if liberalism will continue imposing its Mediocracy of Safety on the world against the wishes of the world ’s diverse people or on its own detractors within .
We know that Dambisa Moyo is no fan of systematic Western aid to Africa , but in a longer interview she also adds that she ’s not particularly interested in supporting democracy , either .
corrupt
Tags : liberalism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
THE desire to rescue a damaged reputation is a powerful motivator .
That is one conclusion to draw from a new 48 - page paper written for the Brookings Institution by Alan Greenspan , the 83 - year - old former chairman of America 's Federal Reserve .
A man once hailed as the world 's outstanding central banker is now routinely blamed for the asset bubble and subsequent collapse .
This is Mr Greenspan 's attempt to set the record straight .
The crisis , he argues , stemmed from a “ classic euphoric bubble ” whose roots lay in the sharp global decline in nominal and real long - term interest rates in the early part of the 2000s , which fuelled an unsustainable boom in house prices .
Thanks to this euphoria , banks misread the risks embedded in complex new financial instruments .
Mr Greenspan reckons the best remedy is to improve the system 's capacity to absorb losses by raising banks ' capital and liquidity ratios and increasing collateral requirements for traded financial products .
So far , so uncontroversial .
Mr Greenspan 's analysis of the fragilities within finance , and his specific proposals , echo today 's policy consensus .
The one area where he differs from the reform consensus is over the wisdom of a “ systemic regulator ” .
Today 's policymakers see such a regulator , which would monitor the health of the financial system and sniff out incipient problems , as an important improvement .
Mr Greenspan says it is impossible to anticipate crises and regards such a regulator as “ ill - advised ” .
But the biggest gap between Mr Greenspan and conventional wisdom lies in the role of monetary policy in causing the crisis .
In Mr Greenspan 's telling , central banks were innocent and impotent bystanders in a global macroeconomic shift .
Thanks to the end of the cold war and reform in China , he argues , hundreds of millions of workers were absorbed into the global economy .
As GDP growth in emerging economies soared , their consumption could not keep up with rapidly rising income , and saving rose .
The rise in desired global saving relative to desired investment caused a global decline in long - term rates , which became delinked from the short - term rates that central bankers control .
This explanation is broadly similar to the idea of a “ global saving glut ” which Ben Bernanke , the Fed 's current chairman , has long espoused .
The similarities between the two men's defence of their monetary records do not end there .
The most combative section in Mr Greenspan 's paper — arguing that monetary policy in the early 2000s was not a cause of the housing bubble — is strikingly similar to a speech given by Mr Bernanke at the American Economics Association 's annual meeting in January .
Both men make three broad points .
First , they deny that monetary policy in the early 2000s was excessively loose by traditional central - bank rules of thumb .
That is a criticism frequently made by John Taylor of Stanford University , author of the Taylor rule on how interest rates should change in response to movements in inflation and GDP .
Mr Bernanke points out that based on contemporary forecasts for its preferred inflation measure , the Fed actually followed the Taylor rule reasonably closely .
Second , both men say there is no evidence that low short - term rates drove house prices upward .
Mr Greenspan argues that the statistical relationship between house prices and long - term rates is much stronger than with the Fed 's policy rates , and that during the early 2000s the traditionally high correlation between policy rates and long - term rates fell apart .
Mr Bernanke points to structural models which show that only a modest part of the house - price boom can be pinned on monetary policy .
Both are equally sceptical that the increase in adjustable - rate mortgages made short - term rates a more potent driver of house prices .
Mr Greenspan says that the pace of adjustable - rate mortgage originations peaked two years before house prices , suggesting they were not driving the bubble .
Mr Bernanke argues that the monthly payments on adjustable - rate mortgages were , on average , only 16 % lower than those for fixed - rate mortgages — too small a gap to suggest that short - term rates propelled the boom .
Third , Messrs Bernanke and Greenspan point to the global nature of the house - price boom as proof that monetary policy was not to blame .
Both cite new research from economists at the Fed showing that the looseness of monetary policy in different countries was not correlated with changes in house prices .
Protesting too much
There is something odd about central bankers denying any responsibility at all for long - term rates , which are , in principle , based partly on an assessment of a stream of short - term rates .
Nor is it clear that low short - term rates were as irrelevant as Messrs Bernanke and Greenspan suggest .
Jeremy Stein of Harvard University , a discussant of Mr Greenspan 's Brookings paper , points out that low policy rates may have mattered a great deal for income - constrained borrowers .
He points out that adjustable - rate mortgages were used much more in expensive cities , a trend that became more pronounced as the fund rates fell .
By looking only at the effect of monetary policy on house prices , Messrs Bernanke and Greenspan also take too narrow a view of the potential effect of low policy rates .
Several economists have argued convincingly , for instance , that low policy rates fuelled broader leverage growth in securitised markets .
Monetary policy may be a blunt tool to deal with asset bubbles .
But that does not mean it is irrelevant .
Interestingly , one American central banker has a more nuanced view , arguing that “ in the current episode , higher short - term interest rates probably would have restrained the demand for housing by raising mortgage interest rates …
In addition , tighter monetary policy may be associated with reduced leverage and slower credit growth . ”
That was Janet Yellen , president of the San Francisco Fed , who is likely to be Mr Bernanke 's new vice - chairman .
With luck , she will prompt her boss to have a rethink .
JERUSALEM : Fears have grown in Israel that the US is considering dropping its United Nations Security Council veto to resolutions critical of Israel 's handling of the housing issue in East Jerusalem .
Israel 's " forum of seven " ministers , an inner cabinet selected by the Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , is due to meet for the third time in five days tomorrow to try to reach a compromise on US demands for restarting talks with the Palestinians , which have stalled over the settlements issue .
Desperate ... Netanyahu risks losing US support .
Credit :AP
The cabinet discussions are supposed to culminate in the release of a document of understanding that will include a range of goodwill gestures towards the Palestinians .
With Israel 's relationship with the US in crisis , Mr Netanyahu was yesterday engaged in a desperate attempt to shore up international support for Israel .
Sur une cinquantaine de pages , cet accord — discuté par l’Australie , le Canada , les Etats - Unis , l’Union européenne ( UE ) , le Japon , la Corée , le Mexique , le Maroc , la Nouvelle - Zélande , Singapour et la Suisse — établit une liste de dispositions légales que les futurs pays signataires s’engageront à adopter dans leur droit national ( et communautaire , pour ce qui concerne l’UE ) .
Le Monde diplomatique vient d’obtenir une copie de la section 2 du projet de traité ACTA , intitulée « Mesures aux frontières » ( Border Measures ) .
Soit une dizaine de pages qui exposent , dans un grand luxe de détails pratiques , le futur fonctionnement des douanes au regard de tous les « biens contrefaisant des droits de propriétés intellectuelle ».
Mises à jour .
— 23 avril ; une version française du texte ( version du mois d’avril , expurgée des divergences entre pays ) vient d’etre mise en ligne sur le site du gouvernement canadien : http://www.international.gc.ca/trad....
— 23 mars ; le texte de l’ACTA est désormais disponible in extenso sur le site de La Quadrature du Net : http://www.laquadrature.net/en/0118....
Voici l’essentiel de la section 2 , avec nos commentaires .
[ Du fait de la technicité de ce texte , on ne peut exclure que ce résumé comporte ici ou là une imprécision de traduction ou une interprétation juridique susceptible d’être discutée . ]
Mesures aux frontières Intitulée Border Measures , la section 2 de l’ACTA commence par l’examen de « l’étendue de l’accord ».
Toutes les parties prenantes s’entendent pour laisser la liberté à chaque pays de ne pas poursuivre le touriste qui transporterait quelques produits contrefaits ( CD acheté sur un marché , paire de chaussures “ Noke ” ou “ Adidos ” ) dans ses bagages personnels .
Les négociateurs de l’UE souhaitent pour leur part que cet article englobe tous les droits « couverts par les ADPIC ( 1 ) » ( article 2.2 proposé par l ’UE ) sur des produits « importés , exportés , ou en transit » ( article 2.1 UE ) .
Il est à noter que d’autres pays ( Singapour , Canada et la Nouvelle - Zélande ) estiment que seuls les copyrights et marques déposées devraient être concernés par cette section , et non les brevets ( 2 ) .
Dans l’hypothèse toutefois où cette section de l’ACTA inclurait les brevets , il est à craindre que le cas , constaté à plusieurs reprises , de containers de médicaments génériques fabriqués en Inde , exportés à destination de pays pauvres , et que la douane avait interceptés au cours de leurs transit via des ports européens , ne devienne la norme .
La suite indique la manière dont les douanes seront mises à la disposition des détenteurs de droits de propriété intellectuelle ( DPI ) et droits associés .
L’article 2.6 exige que chaque pays prévoie une procédure par laquelle des détenteurs de droits pourront s’opposer à la sortie de douane de tout bien qu’ils suspectent de violer leurs DPI .
Les exemples donnés relèvent de la marque déposée , marque similaire portant à confusion , logiciel piraté , etc .
Une note signale que le texte s’étend à tout bien sous copyright ayant été copié sans l’accord des ayants - droits .
Maroc , Etats - Unis et Nouvelle - Zélande insistent ici à leur tour sur le fait que ces procédures devront s’appliquer aux biens en transit .
Le fonctionnement de cette procédure est très détaillé : le requérant ( le détenteur de DPI souhaitant faire contrôler certains produits aux frontières ) devra livrer aux douanes un catalogue d’éléments leur permettant de distinguer les biens piratés de biens légitimes .
Mais cela , est-il précisé , ne devra en aucun cas constituer un obstacle « déraisonnable » au recours à cette procédure .
Si certains cas ne souffrent pas de contestation ( DVD de Windows ne portant pas d’étiquette hologramme , etc. ) , on peut imaginer que dans des cas plus subtils , ou plus complexes , les abus seront légions .
Un article proposé par le Canada et la Nouvelle - Zélande prévoit cependant que la puissance publique pourra rejeter ou suspendre une procédure dès lors que le requérant accumule trop d’impayés ( sur les coûts de stockage ou de destruction liés à ses demandes précédentes ) , ou abuse du processus « par exemple en fournissant des informations fausses ou trompeuses ».
Le processus devra être transparent ( savoir qui a déposé un dossier devrait ê tre une information publique ) , tout en respectant le secret commercial ( le catalogue précis des éléments permettant de détecter qu’un bien est piraté pourra ê tre tenu secret ) .
L’article 2.7 ( Action ex-officio ) indique que les autorités compétentes pourront se saisir d’elles - mêmes des dossiers , sans nécessairement attendre qu’un ayant - droit suive la procédure définie ci-dessus .
L’article 2.9 ( « Security or equivalent assurance ») vise à prévenir les abus , en demandant au requérant de souscrire une assurance , ou un dépôt de garantie , afin d’indemniser les commerçants dont les biens légitimes seraient indûment bloqués en douane suite à la procédure .
De nouveau , est-il précisé , cela ne doit pas constituer un obstacle « déraisonnable » au recours à la procédure .
Etats - Unis , Australie , Canada et Nouvelle - Zélande proposent ensuite que pour chaque transport intercepté , une information soit donnée au détenteur de DPI lui indiquant les nom et adresse de l’expéditeur , de l’importateur ( ou exportateur ) et du destinataire des biens , une description des biens et de leur quantité , et dans la mesure du possible le pays d’origine des biens ainsi que les nom et adresse de leur fabricant .
L’article 2.10 prévoit que chaque pays doit mettre en place une procédure permettant aux douanes d’établir dans un délai raisonnable la licéité d’un bien , que ce soit par un recours au tribunal ou par une procédure dédiée .
Mais — dans l’hypothèse où , par exemple , les médicaments seraient concernés — imagine - t- on que l’autorité douanière sera capable d’établir le statut d’un brevet , sa validité , l’existence ou non de licences obligatoires , et réfléchir à savoir si le brevet concerne effectivement le produit intercepté ?
Des éléments que même un tribunal , dans une procédure contradictoire , peut avoir du mal à démêler ?
On passe ensuite à la répression : selon l’article 2.11 , chaque pays doit s’assurer que les biens saisis peuvent être « détruits ».
Aucun pays signataire de l’ACTA ne devra permettre que des biens interceptés puissent être « remis en circulation commerciale » ou « exportés » , sauf dans des « circonstances exceptionnelles » , non précisées .
Par exemple , dans le cas des marques contrefaites , il ne suffit pas d’« ôter l’étiquette » : il faudra passer au broyeur chaussures , vêtements , etc. L’article 2.12 interdit de facturer aux détenteurs de DPI des coûts de destruction trop élevés , et interdit de les faire payer dès lors que l’initiative de la saisie vient des pouvoirs publics .
L’article suivant ( non numéroté ) prévoit qu’un
Etat ne peut être mis en cause par un détenteur de DPI pour avoir échoué à détecter des produits piratés .
De même l’Etat ne saurait être contraint à compenser les dommages subis par les personnes visées à l’article 2.6 .
Ainsi , les pages de ce projet de traité international confirment les craintes soulevées par le manque de transparence de son élaboration .
Négocié par une coalition ad hoc des pays les plus riches de la planète , le texte est une sorte de coup d’Etat contre l’Organisation mondiale de la propriété intellectuelle ( OMPI ) , suspectée de ne plus être assez « dure » ( lire l’article de Florent Latrive dans Le Monde diplomatique de mars , encore en kiosques ) .
Le texte , par ses « arrangements institutionnels » , prévoit de fait d’établir une institution anticontrefaçon parallèle , faite à la main des promoteurs de l’accord ( 3 ) .
L’ACTA adopte une position maximaliste en matière de « protection » de la propriété intellectuelle , sans tenir compte des arbitrages sur lesquels reposent toutes les lois en la matière , et qui doivent traditionnellement concilier protection des créateurs et droits du public .
Le texte vise ainsi à annuler de nombreux acquis , juridiques et politiques , que les grands comptes de l’économie dite « immatérielle » ( musique , cinéma , logiciels , industrie pharmarceutique , luxe ... ) perçoivent comme des obstacles à leur puissance .
En ce qui concerne l’Internet — si l’on en croit certaines analyses , basées sur des « fuites » mais démenties avec vigueur lundi 22 mars par le négociateur de l’UE , M. Luc Devigne ( 4 ) — l’ACTA exigerait de chacun de ses signataires l’adoption de mesures de type « Hadopi » , où un foyer dont l’adresse IP est détectée comme « pirate » verrait son accès restreint après trois avertissements .
Il demande aussi à ses signataires de prévoir des charges pénales pour l’« incitation , l’assistance et la complicité » de contrefaçon , « au moins dans les cas de contrefaçon volontaire de marque et de droit d’auteur ou des droits connexes , et du piratage à l’échelle commerciale » .
Ce qui permettrait , de fait , de criminaliser tout système ou plate - forme permettant la copie numérique , de la même manière que , dans les années 1980 , les lobbies de Hollywood avaient tenté d’interdire ... les magnétoscopes .
Avec l’extension qu’a prise depuis lors la sphère numérique , toute l’informatique domestique serait dans le collimateur , avec au premier rang les logiciels libres , par définition incontrôlables .
Comme le note James
Love sur le blog de Knowledge Ecology International , « “ l’échelle commerciale ” est définie comme s’étendant à tout système de grande ampleur , indépendamment de la “ motivation directe ou indirecte au gain financier ” ( 5 ) » .
Un moteur de recherche qui permettrait de localiser des fichiers illicites serait donc directement visé .
C’est ce qu’on appelle le modèle de l’internet chinois ( 6 ) .
Comme on l’a vu avec la Section 2 dévoilée ci-dessus , le texte ne se cantonne pas aux libertés fondamentales à l ’ère du numérique .
Pour le comprendre , il faut lire l’entretien donné jeudi 18 mars à ReadWriteWeb par la députée européenne Sandrine Bélier ( 7 ) : « Le traité ACTA aborde ( ... ) aussi la question de l’accès aux savoirs , des médicaments génériques , des brevets , de la brevetabilité des semences ...
Mis bout à bout , ce que comporte ce traité est de nature à déterminer les futurs rapports hiérarchiques internationaux .
ACTA porte en lui , pardonnez moi l’image , les enjeux d’un petit Yalta (... ) en ce sens qu’un Etat à même de protéger sanitairement ses citoyens , de leur offrir une sécurité environnementale et alimentaire , capable d’innovation “ éco- technologique ” , capable de libérer et garantir l’accès à l’information (... ) gagnera en stabilité économique , sociale mais aussi géopolitique .
A l’inverse , les Etats qui seront , au cours des prochaines années , dans l’incapacité d’offrir cela à leurs populations seront sans aucun doute fragilisés .
C’est le fondement de ces nouveaux rapports qui est inscrit au cœur même d’ACTA . »
Commission et Parlement européens sont sur ce sujet à couteaux tirés .
La première a pris l’initiative de participer secrètement à l’élaboration d’un traité commercial incluant des règles en matière de criminalité ( ce qui pourrait ê tre en soi un abus de pouvoir ) .
Le second a voté , à Strasbourg , à une écrasante majorité ( 633 votes contre 13 , et 16 abstentions ) , une résolution exigeant la transparence , et refusant que l’ACTA revienne défendre des positions déjà rejetées par le Parlement .
Lequel pourrait de son côté adopter une déclaration écrite sur ACTA exprimant « la crainte de voir les négociations en cours sur ACTA mettre en cause la liberté d’expression , la neutralité du Net , le droit à un procès équitable , ainsi que le droit au respect à la vie privée et l’accès aux médicaments dans les pays en développement ( 8 ) » .
Le 10 mars , dans un colloque sur les médias à Abu Dhabi , M. James Murdoch , l’héritier de News Corporation , recommandait de cesser d’être « amical » avec les consommateurs , et de punir les voleurs de films comme des voleurs de sac à main .
A ses côtés , M. Ari Emanuel — frère de M. Rahm Emanuel , le chef de cabinet de M. Obama — , annonçait le lancement d’une campagne de lobbying aux Etats - Unis pour intégrer dans la loi américaine un système de « riposte graduée » à la française ( 9 ) .
Le lendemain , à Washington , le président des Etats - Unis Barack Obama prenait résolument le parti des lobbies du copyright et — pour la première fois — défendait publiquement l’ACTA , dans son allocution à la Conférence annuelle des banques d’import - export : «
Nous allons protéger de façon agressive notre propriété intellectuelle , a - t - il dit .
Notre meilleur atout réside dans l’innovation , l ’inventivité et la créativité du peuple américain .
[ La propriété intellectuelle ] est essentielle pour notre prospérité , et va le devenir de plus en plus au cours de ce siècle .
Mais elle ne forme un avantage concurrentiel que si nos compagnies savent que quelqu ’un d’autre ne peut venir voler cette idée et la dupliquer avec des matériaux et du travail moins chers . (...)
Voilà pourquoi [ les Etats - Unis ] utiliseront tout l’arsenal des outils disponibles pour lutter contre les actes qui nuisent de façon flagrante à nos entreprises , et cela consiste à négocier des protections adaptées , à appliquer les accords existant , et à avancer sur de nouveaux accords , au nombre desquels la proposition d’Accord commercial anti-contrefaçon ( 10 ) . »
En France , les associations ( Oxfam , Act Up - Paris , April , la Quadrature du Net ) qui ont rencontré le 18 mars le négociateur français d’ACTA se sont trouvées « confrontées au refus de leurs interlocuteurs et interlocutrices de communiquer toute information ( 11 ) ».
Plusieurs gouvernements ont toutefois signalé qu’ils souhaitaient que ce texte soit rendu public après la prochaine réunion de l’ACTA , prévue au mois d’avril en Nouvelle - Zélande .
D’ici-là , les négociateurs auront peut - être trouvé un accord sur les dernières expressions entre crochets qui font encore débat entre eux .
Mais réussiront - ils à vendre aux internautes cet HADOPI puissance dix ?
Les citoyens , et leurs représentants , accepteront - ils ce package légal clés - en - mains , et le pouvoir supra-national d’un bureau spécialisé mettant les douanes dans la main des ayant - droits ?
Cela demandera certainement de tordre plus d’un bras , et de faire pleurer , sur les plateaux de télévision , plus d’un chanteur sur la dégradation des ventes de disques .
Le débat ne fait que commencer .
Disclaimer of sorts ...
This blog is strictly non-profit , and intended for artistic and educational purposes only .
MP3's are up for a limited amount of time and serve the purpose of letting y'all having a taste of what I think is great music .
To quote the mighty Captain Beefheart : if you got ears , you gotta listen .
If you 're an artist or label with any objection to your work being featured here , please drop me a line for direct removal : forthesakeofthesong ( at ) gmail ( dot ) com .
Agda is a dependently typed functional programming language .
It has inductive families , i.e. , data types which depend on values , such as the type of vectors of a given length .
It also has parametrised modules , mixfix operators , Unicode characters , and an interactive Emacs interface which can assist the programmer in writing the program .
Agda is a proof assistant .
It is an interactive system for writing and checking proofs .
Agda is based on intuitionistic type theory , a foundational system for constructive mathematics developed by the Swedish logician Per Martin - Löf .
It has many similarities with other proof assistants based on dependent types , such as Coq , Epigram , Matita and NuPRL .
Agda is open - source and enjoys contributions from many authors .
The center of the Agda development is the Programming Logic group at Chalmers and Gothenburg University .
The main developers are Ulf Norell , Nils Anders Danielsson , Andreas Abel , and Jesper Cockx .
Agda meetings
Agda users and implementors meet biannually for a week of talks and code sprints .
AIM XXXIII will take place online from 2020 - 10 - 12 to 2020 - 10 - 23 .
AIM XXXII took place online from 2020 - 05 - 25 to 2020 - 06-05 .
AIM XXXI was planned to take place in Edinburgh from 1 to 7 April 2020 , but has been postponed because of the Corona virus .
Past Agda Meetings .
News
( 2020-09 - 18 ) The standard library 1.4 is now available .
( 2020-09-08 ) Agda 2.6.1.1 is now available .
( 2020-03 - 17 ) The standard library 1.3 is now available .
( 2020-03 - 16 ) Agda 2.6.1 is now available .
( 2019 - 11 - 11 ) The standard library 1.2 is now available .
( 2019 -06 - 29 ) The standard library 1.1 is now available .
( 2019 -05 - 17 ) Agda 2.6.0.1 is now available .
( 2019 -04 - 23 ) The standard library 1.0.1 is now available .
( 2019 -04 - 12 ) The standard library 1.0 is now available .
( 2019 -04 - 12 ) Agda 2.6.0 is now available .
( 2018-10 - 29 ) Agda 2.5.4.2 is now available .
( 2018 -10 - 20 ) The standard library 0.17 is now available .
( 2018-08 - 17 ) The standard library 0.16.1 is now available .
( 2018-07 - 19 ) Agda 2.5.4.1 is now available .
( 2018-06-08 ) The standard library 0.16 is now available .
( 2018-06-02 ) Agda 2.5.4 is now available .
Getting started
Language tutorials .
Installation and use .
Community : mailing list and IRC channel .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions !
Documentation and examples
Manuals and howtos .
Standard library , and other libraries and developments ( all Agda users are strongly encouraged to add their own developments to make them available to the community ) .
Further information
Old / outdated stuff
Home »
Features »
Tom Swick »
Not a Tourist
Not a Tourist
Tom Swick :
On the evolving role of the travel writer in the age of mass tourism and YouTube
iStockPhoto iStockPhoto
Row 24 , seats A , B , and C .
The young woman by the window turns to the man in the middle and smiles .
He smoothes her hair and tells her she is going to love his city .
Not even off the ground , and they have already created a private lair in the still - upright theater of coach .
The man in the aisle seat immediately experiences feelings of exclusion , envy , and inadequacy .
Travel , most people believe , is best when shared — an attitude that makes the solitary traveler one of life ’s losers .
Just in time , the man in the aisle seat reminds himself that he is not a loser .
He is a travel writer .
He will not be engaged in the superficial pursuits of tourists but in the difficult task of trying to make sense of an alien culture .
He looks over somewhat pityingly at the couple now discussing an evening trip to the casino .
Once the plane is airborne , he glances across the aisle at the woman sitting with an open laptop .
He overhears her tell her neighbor that she is a public health expert going to fight malaria .
She would present an affront to a businessman ’s sense of importance .
The travel writer leans back with a grimace , caught in the eternal no - man ’s land between pleasure and purpose .
The travel writer , when thought of at all , is regarded as a charmed figure , never stymied in front of a customs officer or a computer screen .
The travel writer , when he reflects , sees himself as aimless , clueless but nevertheless underappreciated .
He picks a destination , or is assigned one , and often it ’s a place he ’s never been .
Before departure he reads travel books , history books , relevant novels — even learns a few words of the language — but he remains hopelessly behind the humbling crowds of specialists , anthropologists , diplomats , field workers , exchange students , business travelers , expatriates , flight crews , and repeat vacationers who have preceded him .
So he scrunches into seat 24C , furiously skimming the guidebook he did n’t quite get to during his pre-trip preparations .
A long flight is an opportunity to cram , a seat - belted all - nighter .
There will be a test in the morning .
After the landing , the lovebirds and the do - gooder and all the other passengers disappear in a rush to restart their lives , and the strangeness of the travel writer ’s surroundings distracts him from the fact that he does n’t have one .
At least not here , not yet .
Why did n’t he bring his wife , or a friend ?
Some writers do n’t want their assignment looking like a lark .
Those who embellish their accounts understandably prefer not to have witnesses .
Also , going with a like - minded companion makes you susceptible to feelings of cultural superiority .
But the real reason to travel alone is to be free from distractions , to be uninterruptedly absorbed in the place .
Those first few hours are always the most vivid , as everything stands out in its immense originality : buildings , people , cars , mannequins .
In a few days these props will pass in a near - familiar blur , but now — right now — the world crackles with high - definition details .
And in fact there is no test ; the day you arrive is more like an orientation film .
Tomorrow you begin your work .
I am talking here of narrative travel writers , not the compilers of information for guidebooks .
They tend to hit the ground running , pressed as they are for time and money .
It is tiring , thankless work , though — if Thomas Kohnstamm ’s Do Travel Writers Go to Hell ?
is to be believed — you can skimp on the research and become a kind of note - taking rock star .
Sex , drugs , and flora ‘ n ’ fauna .
The traveler in pursuit of atmosphere and essence has a more elusive task .
If all writers are by nature outsiders — standing on the periphery , taking in the action — the travel writer is an outsider times two .
He repeatedly ignores the oldest saw of the trade : Write what you know .
He is an observer who frequently does n’t know what he ’s observing .
A few years ago in Bangkok I walked out of my hotel every morning past men and women hunched over bowls whose contents remained a mystery to me .
And I asked myself : How can I know what these people are thinking when I do n’t even know what they ’re eating ?
Audacity did n’t strike me as a job requirement when I chose this career .
I was fresh out of college with a desire to be a writer and a conviction that , after a lifetime of school , I had nothing to write about .
So I went to France to learn French , and two years later I moved to Poland to marry a woman I had met on my way home from France .
Teaching English in Warsaw , I acquired another language and enough experiences ( this was the early 1980s , the days of Solidarity and martial law ) to write my first book .
Living in a foreign country not only gives you a deep understanding of another culture , it introduces you to new ways of being and seeing that are of inestimable value on later journeys .
Yet non -stop observation — even of things you understand — is not enough for the travel writer .
After a few days a feeling of futility , not to mention loneliness , sets in .
Business travelers have their meetings , aid workers their clinics , tourists their museums .
Foreign correspondents are in search of news .
Travel writers have no itineraries or obligations ( mummies bore us , nobody ’s expecting us ) , and we have no leads , since frequently we do n’t know what our story is .
In the absence of a special event , or a specific assignment , we have to find our story , and often it is whatever happens to us .
So we wander , mosey , poke around .
This is another reason we go alone :
We do n’t have to explain to anyone what it is we think we ’re doing .
A lot of travel writing is creative hanging out .
And , inevitably , it looks pretty pointless .
But we ’re hoping for an incident or a character or even a calamity that can become our subject .
The worst trips , it is famously said , make the best stories , a philosophy that fuels the trend in adventure travel .
Risk — its heated build - up and colorful consequences — is an irresistible subject .
The problem with much of the writing that results is that it ’s heavy on personal rather than worldly insight , portraying not the place but the author ’s mettle .
A beautiful exception is Joe Kane ’s Running the Amazon , which shifts back and forth between gripping accounts of kayaking the length of the world ’s largest river and evocative depictions of the lands passed through .
Unlike the adventurers , who have a quest , the rest of us struggle with definition .
We are not tourists , though we share their transport , their hotels , their intoxication with the new .
Shunning the tour groups , we traipse through neighborhoods and sit in bars and inadvertently make ourselves even more out of place .
We are engaged in work that looks a lot like play — even to us .
But it lacks play ’s essential carefree quality .
A story has to result .
And it weighs on us , this knowledge , along with the idea of our impertinent existence .
But we press on , watching people with purpose go through their day , remembering friends back home who said they ’ve always dreamed of visiting the place where we now schlep .
And without any prompting , we think of Bruce Chatwin — not his 1977 masterpiece , “ In Patagonia , ” but his posthumous collection , What Am I Doing Here .
It is one of the most perfect titles in the history of travel writing , but it could only have graced the cover of a modern travel book .
The first travel writers entertained no such uncertainty about their mission .
They followed in the footsteps of the explorers , or were explorers themselves .
Their objective was clear : to describe to the folks back home an unknown world .
In the 19th century , travel writing became more personal .
Alexander Kinglake , in “ Eothen , ” described not only how the Middle East looked , but also how it felt .
To enliven “ The Bible in Spain , ” George Borrow hung out with Gypsies , theirs being one of the handful of languages he spoke .
These writers were joined by others , including novelists — Charles Dickens , Anthony Trollope , Mark Twain — who brought the imaginative and intuitive skills of their trade .
The 20th century gave us “ specialists : ” Freya Stark in the Arab world , Norman Douglas in Italy , Gerald Brenan in Spain , Patrick Leigh Fermor and Lawrence Durrell in Greece .
Durrell grew up on Corfu and lived on a number of other islands and followed into the field fiction writers like D. H. Lawrence , Aldous Huxley , George Orwell , Graham Greene and Evelyn Waugh , who claimed that he preferred “ all but the very worst travel books to all but the very best novels . ”
Travel writing was one of World War II ’s many casualties , and really did n’t engage the general population again until the mid-1970s , when Paul Theroux published The Great Railway Bazaar .
Joy-riding on trains through Europe and Asia , the young American novelist boldly ignored the sights and harrumphed about the people .
And he made the travel book fashionable again ( until it was swept aside by the memoir ) .
Curiously , the genre ’s renaissance coincided with the appearance of its obituary .
In 1980 , the cultural critic Paul Fussell published “ Abroad , ” a superb study of British travel and travel writing between the wars that concludes with the pronouncement that the postwar age of tourism killed real travel and , by extension , the writing that was its offspring .
It did n’t finish off either , any more than televised baseball brought an end to a day at the ballpark .
There is still the authentic experience but , like being a spectator at a game , travel is now altered by its well - recorded popularity .
In an age of mass tourism ( and YouTube ) , the travel writer ’s job has changed .
It is not enough anymore simply to describe a landscape ; we must root out its meanings .
Jonathan Raban , playing the immigrant in “ Hunting Mister Heartbreak , ” goes shopping in 1980s Manhattan and is struck by the tone of bombastic abundance .
“ Macy ’s was scared stiff of our boredom , ” he writes , nailing the frenetic nature of not only an American department store but American capitalism .
Writers such as Raban , Colin Thubron , Jan Morris and Pico Iyer each possess , in addition to the requisite eye for detail , an agile and well - stocked mind for synthesis , and their findings are riveting ( and often surprising ) even to people intimately familiar with their subjects .
The physical hardships these writers endure in the course of their journeys often pale in comparison to those of their predecessors — though Thubron continues to travel rough — but the scaled - down suffering is offset by the greater creative challenge .
A somewhat related development has been the emergence of the political travel book .
Writers such as Robert Kaplan , who has written about the Balkans and other incendiary places , and Rory Stewart , who walked across Afghanistan in “ The Places In Between , ” resemble to some extent the doughty adventurers of the past as they go off to lands of conflict and return with a mix of history , description , reportage and analysis .
Sitting at the opposite end of the spectrum — like the pretty cheerleader voted most popular in the class — is the escapist travel book .
Peter Mayle sipping pastis in “ A Year in Provence ” and Frances Mayes rhapsodizing about her garden in “ Under the Tuscan Sun ” prove Fussell half - right , as they are the age of tourism ’s frothy answer to Gerald Brenan ’s amateur anthropology in “ South from Granada ” and Norman Douglas ’s raffish erudition in “ Siren Land . ”
People read Mayle and Mayes not to learn about the world but to dream of their own idyllic retirements .
More recently , the most popular travel narrative has been “ Eat , Pray , Love ” by Elizabeth Gilbert , the Freya Stark of the Oprah generation in that she circles the globe in search of self - realization .
These books have done a great deal to romanticize the profession .
( Tell people that you are paid to travel and write about it and you ’ll be greeted by exclamations of envy . )
They help explain why Raban flatly disassociates himself from the tribe — so emphatically that he now writes novels — and why Theroux once claimed that he does his travel writing with his “ left hand . ”
“ Travel writer ” may be the one title everyone wants except the people who have it .
We suffer a recurring crisis of confidence .
We wonder not just what we ’re doing here ( wherever “ here ” is ) but how we can ever discover its essence .
How can we possibly describe all these faces , all these doorways and shop windows ?
The scale of every place overwhelms : hundreds of streets we can never walk down , thousands of people — many of them , surely , perfect embodiments of their city ’s spirit — we will never meet .
A dozen just passed , lost forever .
Who , after all , are we to pronounce on this place , and who , outside of our families , cares to hear our pronouncements ?
Why bother describing in words what can be seen in a video ?
Miraculously , these doubts vanish when observation gives way to participation .
My first trip “ on assignment ” was to Spain and Portugal .
It was October 1989 , two months after I had taken a job as travel editor of the Sun-Sentinel in Fort Lauderdale .
( I had never thought of living in Florida , but I had long dreamed of traveling for a living . )
For two weeks I walked the streets — Madrid , Barcelona , Seville , Lisbon — ate in the restaurants , took in the sights .
I was always alone and painfully aware that something was missing .
Desperate in Coimbra , I went to the university English department and accosted the first person I saw .
This turned out to be Bibi , a woman from Rotterdam who was spending a semester teaching Dutch .
At a nearby cafe she told me about her friend in Lisbon , a poet named Casimiro whom I should call when I returned there .
Casimiro invited me to dinner , after which we went to a bar for fado music .
On my solitary strolls I had passed numerous restaurants advertising “ folklorique evenings ; ” this was n’t one of them .
It was a smoky dive , full of what looked like stevedores sitting at long tables before a gaunt guitarist perched on a stool .
Occasionally a lone brute would stand up and belt out a song of outstanding melancholy .
Casimiro translated .
“ It smells of Lisbon , ” he said after one almost upbeat number .
“ It smells of flowers and the sea . ”
That night I learned how to travel as a travel writer :
You approximate , as best you can , in the short time allotted you , the life of a local .
And this is achieved through personal encounters .
It is something the adventure writers often miss .
Everyone can climb Kilimanjaro , or at least attempt to .
They will all , for sure , have their own individual responses to the experience , but they all go up the same mountain .
Whereas the person you meet in your travels is yours alone ( provided you avoid the cliche of writing about your guide or your taxi driver or your hotel receptionist ) .
In addition to uniqueness , residents give you a sense of the present ( as opposed to museums and monuments , which are all about the past ) .
It ’s extremely difficult , and usually presumptuous , to write about a place without meeting and talking to the people who live there .
This was Steinbeck ’s mistake in “ Travels with Charley , ” the book about his 1960 road trip around the United States with his pet poodle .
Even a dog can hold you back .
People also provide , occasionally , an emotional dimension .
In “ Reading Chekhov : A Critical Journey , ” Janet Malcolm goes to Russia and comes to the realization that travel is an inherently “ low - key emotional experience . ”
This runs counter to the popular perception of the activity , which elicits — not just in advertisements but , sadly , in many travel articles — words like “ adventure , ” “ excitement , ” “ romance . ”
But , Malcolm argues , most tourists are n’t doing anything exciting or romantic ; they are passive observers — visiting cathedrals , looking at paintings — and are less engaged than they are on a typical Monday at home .
Even when I ’m in search of a story , many of my trips are uneventful .
But it does sometimes happen that I find good people , learn new things , participate in the life of a place .
And there are times — like unexpected gifts — when the people become friends , the information becomes insight , the participation becomes engagement ; I develop an emotional attachment to the place .
And then I think :
It ’s not the worst trips that make the best stories , it ’s the best trips .
Row 37 , seats J , K , and L .
The teen slumped against the window is snoring loudly , and the man in the middle weighs 300 pounds .
Nevertheless , the woman in the aisle seat leans back and smiles .
She is a travel writer , and for the first time in a long while she has nothing to do .
The place she obsessed about for months has disappeared beneath the clouds .
All the anxiety she felt on the flight over is now replaced by exhausted elation ( especially if her notebook is full ) .
She luxuriates in the lull between legwork and composition .
The feeling of contentment does n’t last long .
At her computer the old doubt returns , though this time it ’s not stirred by the confusion of the new .
The chaos of travel has given way to the order of home .
She is , as one never is on the road , in control .
Her late - night stumble into a slum is rendered calmly , with carefully weighed words .
Yet even when those words are flowing , uncertainty creeps in .
What am I doing here ?
becomes , in its domestic form , Why am I writing this ?
It sometimes seems that as more people go out into the world , there is less interest in reading about the world .
How else to explain the decline of the travel book in the age of globalization ?
True , there has been a concurrent rise in travel blogs , but these seem to be , for the most part , cyberspace ’s version of the vacation slides people used to inflict on friends .
For some time now , the travel writer has been viewed as a kind of subspecies .
Few modern travel books , with the exception of Chatwin ’s , have been heralded as literature .
Travel writing courses are rarely included in creative writing programs ( an omission that may work to the genre ’s advantage ) .
Magazines and newspaper sections devoted to travel are mostly unreadable , having moved over the years from gushing boosterism to drab consumerism .
And yet , good travel writing continues to be written and published .
Each autumn “ The Best American Travel Writing ” appears like a national health report confirming the surprising robustness of the genre .
A few of the stories in this annual anthology are found hidden between resort ads in the travel glossies , but most are plucked from the less sumptuous pages of general - interest magazines and literary quarterlies and websites .
The best writers in the field bring to it an indefatigable curiosity , a fierce intelligence that enables them to interpret , and a generous heart that allows them to connect .
Without resorting to invention , they make ample use of their imaginations .
They do what many of their compatriots find impossible : they speak another language ( or two ) .
They have a solid grounding in history , culture , religion , politics , economics , architecture , food , plants .
You would think this wide range of knowledge would earn travel writers respect ( if not a loyal following ) , but in an age of specialization it tends to do the opposite , painting them as irrelevant generalists .
The travel book itself has a similar grab bag quality .
It incorporates the characters and plot line of a novel , the descriptive power of poetry , the substance of a history lesson , the discursiveness of an essay , and the — often inadvertent — self - revelation of a memoir .
It revels in the particular while occasionally illuminating the universal .
It colors and shapes and fills in gaps .
Because it results from displacement , it is frequently funny .
It takes readers for a spin ( and shows them , usually , how lucky they are ) .
It humanizes the alien .
More often than not it celebrates the unsung .
It uncovers truths that are stranger than fiction .
It gives eyewitness proof of life ’s infinite possibilities .
This is why you write it .
This essay first appeared in The Wilson Quarterly , Winter 2010
Fixed servers being inappropriately delisted from the master server
Updated CTF_Doublecross
Improved clipping to prevent players from getting to unintended places
Updated CTF_2Fort
Fixed Blue players being able to block the Blue spawn room doors to lock in teammates
Moved the Blue team Sniper wall down to match the Red team Sniper wall
Updated Russian localization strings
Fixed the Pyro not being able to deflect enemy flares
Fixed pipebombs not being removed if they explode in a func_nogrenades zone
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
We interviewed Michael Moore on The Young Turks today and he was not shy about sharing his opinions .
Anyone surprised ?
He had very strong words for the Democratic Party , the state of our political system and Glenn Beck .
What he thinks of Democrats and Republicans :
You know , I tell you , these Democrats are disgusting .
Wimps and wusses and weasels .
You know , get some spine .
This is why I have to admire the Republicans .
They at least stand for something .
They at least have the courage of their convictions .
They get elected to office , they come into town , and they go " Get outta my way , there 's a new sheriff in town .
This is the way we 're doing things .
Get outta here . "
And then they do it .
You know .
I mean what they do is crazy .
But dammit , they are good at it .
We should take a page out of their book .
Can we fix the broken political and economic system in America ?
It 's not going to get fixed .
There 's going to be another crash .
The commercial real estate bubble has n't burst yet .
That 's going to burst .
The credit card debt is so huge right now , it will never be repaid .
That 's a house of cards waiting to fall .
So the crash of '08 is going to look like coming attractions .
And we 're in for a much , much worse time .
What he would have said to Glenn Beck if he was in Van Jones place :
Fuck off !
That 's what I would have said .
But again , you mentioned Glenn Beck , and of course , he 's the guy that 's called for my removal from the planet Earth , so ...
Watch the whole interview here :
Read full transcript here .
There 's one thing you know about Michael Moore , he 's going to come strong .
Unfortunately , I share his pessimism about the system .
But I believe there is hope at the end of that tunnel .
And as corny as it sounds , that hope is with the American people .
We have to stop letting corporate interests buy our politicians and government officials .
Make a change .
Watch More Young Turks Interviews Here
_______
Something remarkable may well happen on Wednesday or Thursday , which is the announcement that a former KGB officer worth $ 2bn ( according to Forbes ) is buying a pillar of Britain 's free press , the Independent .
Actually to say that Alexander Lebedev and his son Evgeny are buying the Indy does n't quite convey what 's happening .
Ownership of the paper ( launched in 1986 under the slogan " It is , are you ? " ) and its £ 10 m - per - year losses would transfer to them , but naturally they would not actually have to hand over any cash to take on this expensive responsibility .
The deal has been expected for weeks ; on - off negotiations have been going on for well over a year .
And those close to the Lebedevs say they hope to unveil their plans tomorrow or the day after .
That said , it would n't be a great surprise if there was another delay .
Last week agreement was held up over what Trinity Mirror might demand if a Lebedev - owned Indy decided to remove distribution from the Mirror publisher .
My strong sense is that momentum to complete the deal is now unstoppable - although , to resort to cliché , no deal is done till it 's done .
So if the Indy completes its almost 25 - year metamorphosis from a bold initiative by journalists to control their own destiny into just another 's plutocrat 's bijou , what does that portend ?
Well , as I said in an earlier note , in mundane commercial terms it could mean that there will be no charge for some or all of the Indy 's circulation : the Lebedevs already give away the Evening Standard in London , and are pleased with how that has increased the reach of the paper and has helped to push up advertising revenues .
However , abolishing the cover price would not be cheap for them : the Indy 's current annual revenue from circulation is about £ 30 m , which is a lot of money to sacrifice on a hunch that over time advertising income will rise enough to compensate .
That said , the Lebedevs will not buy the Indy and be content that it remains the smallest of the so - called quality papers .
They will want to put oomph behind circulation .
Nor are they taking a conventional view of who should run the Indy .
They 've approached Greg Dyke , the former director general of a rather bigger organisation , the BBC , to be the new editor : he has n't said no ( although that does n't mean he 'll ultimately say yes ) .
So the scale of the Lebedevs ' ambition is unsettling other newspaper proprietors and managers .
The Russians will be braced for fearless investigative journalism from competitor titles , examining the origins of their fortune , whether their purse really is bottomless , whether Alexander Lebedev 's relationship with another famous former intelligence officer , Vladimir Putin , is as fractious as it seems ( fractious would be good , according to the conventional view ) and whether they are committed to free expression .
Having met them , they talk an impressive talk about their access to cash and their passionate commitment to an independent press .
But I have n't conducted banker - style due diligence on them .
Whether such due diligence is strictly necessary , given that the choice for the Indy is probably their underwriting or a lingering death , is moot .
I just found an old oil lamp while cleaning out my parents ' attic .
It is warm to the touch regardless of the temperature of the surrounding environment , but it will not heat anything up ( sealed it in a plastic bag , submerged in water , water temperature remained constant ) .
It appears to be empty but every time I run my finger across it , it seems to vibrate as if an electrical current is running through it , and I can swear I hear it whispering to me in the night .
I 'm pretty sure there is a genie in there .
I 've already decided on my first two wishes , but I need some more information for my third one .
Hence : do genies have penises ?
I 'm not going to rub the lamp and check .
That would be rude .
Broadband usage has increased significantly over the past two years , as 63.5 % of U.S. households reported having broadband connections in 2009 , according to a new report from the U.S. Department of Commerce .
Broadband stimulus timing set by the government
This is a big leap from 2007 , when just over half of U.S. households reported Graphic : Diego Aguirre having broadband connections .
Additionally , broadband connections now account for roughly 92 % of all U.S. household Internet connections , whereas they accounted for 82 % of all U.S. household Internet connections in 2008 .
But while overall broadband adoption has increased over the past two years , the report also found that critical gaps remain , particularly with regard to income , age and race .
In terms of income , the study found that there was a direct correlation between family earnings and broadband adoption , as families with incomes of less than $ 15,000 had the lowest rate of broadband adoption ( 29.9 % ) while families with incomes of more than $ 150,000 had the highest rate of broadband adoption ( 88.7 % ) .
Age Breakdown
Looking at age demographics , the study found that Americans between the ages of 18 and 24 had the highest level of home broadband usage at 80.8 % .
From there , Americans between the ages of 25 and 54 all had relatively similar levels of home broadband adoption at rates between 65 % and 70 % .
Older Americans exhibited a big drop off in home broadband use , however , as just 46 % of Americans aged 55 or older reported having a home broadband connection .
In terms of race , both white and Asian Americans led the way in broadband adoption , as 65.7 % of whites and 67.3 % of Asians reported having a home broadband connection in 2009 .
Hispanics had the lowest level of home broadband use in 2009 , with only 39.7 % .
Both blacks ( 45.9 % ) and Native Americans ( 42.6 % ) also reported having relatively low rates of broadband adoption .
Unnecessary or Expensive
The study also found that the major impediment to increased broadband adoption in the United States continues to be a lack of demand from non-broadband users .
When non -broadband users were asked why they did n't subscribe to broadband , 37.8 % said the biggest reason was lack of need , while 26.3 % said that broadband was too expensive .
In rural areas , 38 % said that they did n't need broadband services , while only 11 % said that lack of access was the major reason for not subscribing to broadband .
While lack of demand was the chief impediment to broadband adoption , the study also showed that lack of access to broadband continued to be a barrier as well , particularly in rural areas .
The report found that 46 % of rural households lack access to broadband services , vs.only 34 % of urban households .
The number of rural households without broadband access has slimmed dramatically over the past two years , however , as 61 % of rural households reported having no access to broadband in 2007 .
The Department of Commerce collected data for the study by surveying an estimated 54,000 U.S. households and 129,000 U.S. citizens .
The data was collected by the department 's National Telecommunications and Information Administration , which is in charge of distributing $ 4.7 billion in broadband stimulus funds to pay for broadband deployment projects across the United States .
The federal government last year made broadband deployment a big part of its economic recovery program , as it designated a total of $ 7.2 billion to fund broadband infrastructure investment in its economic stimulus package .
Read more about lans and wans in Network World 's LANs & WANs section .
This story , " Broadband Adoption Jumps in U.S. " was originally published by Network World .
Russians were getting their news from blogs like Davete 's Amid outrage over suicide bomb attacks on Moscow 's Metro , sections of Russia 's press have been scathing about what they see as the Kremlin 's failure to protect or even inform citizens .
With nearly 40 people dead and 70 injured at stations in the heart of the Russian capital , several newspapers railed at the authorities , criticising the state - controlled TV channels for inadequate coverage .
" Why did n't senior officials ... talk to people through one of the main federal channels to stop them from going into the Metro and to prevent panic ? " asked writer Vadim Rechkalov in the popular daily Moskvosky Komsomolets .
" Instead , from the moment when the first blast took place and till 0900 [ 0600 BST ] , the leading federal channels showed people singing , dancing , making breakfast and relieving pain with their hands . "
As people sought out information for themselves , Russian bloggers and social networking sites came into their own .
Demand for online news rose almost seven - fold on Monday , according to the country 's largest search engine , Yandex .
' Defenceless '
" The main lesson that ordinary Russians should draw from this tragedy is that the authorities and the people exist separately from each other , " the Moskovsky Komsomolets journalist said .
" If you are not prepared to die like cattle , be ready to defend yourself .
Rely only on yourself .
In this way , you will be able to save your own life and the life of your country . "
An editorial in the business daily Vedomosti said Russia 's security forces had failed to learn from previous attacks such as the Moscow theatre siege and Beslan .
It accused the FSB security service and others of clinging to an outdated concept of anti-terrorism based on taking on large armed groups .
A commentary in the online newspaper gazeta.ru said citizens remained " defenceless in the face of terrorist attack despite all the promises of the authorities to ensure their safety " .
Creating a metaphor from the Moscow Metro , the news site predicted Russia would " go on living on the Circle Line of terrorist attacks " until it realised the reasons for the attacks lay in the country 's internal problems .
Chewing gum
At least one blogger , " Davete " , carried an eyewitness account of the attacks , posting it 40 minutes after the second blast .
He described how he had heard the second bomb go off behind him at 0836 local time ( 0536 BST ) as he was leaving Park Kultury station .
Anton Nossik , one of Russia 's best - known bloggers , was among those who noted the near - silence of the state - controlled TV channels hours after the explosions .
Surfing them at 1130 local time ( 0830 BST ) , he found normal daytime TV still in full flow on most , at a time when foreign networks were reporting live from Moscow .
Coming across a special news bulletin on the bombings - on the Russia TV channel - he found even it being interrupted by a commercial break .
The channel , he noted , did file live reports from the site of one of the blasts and a hospital , before its coverage was broken by adverts for furniture , chewing gum and liposuction .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Product placement in television and movies has been around for a while .
Seeing a “ real life ” product in a movie helps to give that movie a sense of realism .
Usually , these placements are subtle : a can of Coke seen when a refrigerator door is opened , a box of Cheerios on the breakfast table .
Others , however , are in your face , up close and personal .
Some are so obvious it seems the producers simply had the screenwriter leave a blank in the script and sold the spot to the highest bidder .
Here are my top 10 examples of blatant product placement in the movies .
10 Taco Bell Demolition Man
One entire scene revolves around Sandra Bullock ’s character explaining to Sylvester Stallone ’s unfrozen cop from the 90s that Taco Bell won the franchise wars and “ now all restaurants are Taco Bells . ”
They then proceed to a fancy , sit down place where no Mexican food is present at all .
It has nothing to do with the plot of the movie and any restaurant name could have been used .
I guess Taco Bell was the highest bidder .
9 Apple Computer Mission : Impossible and Independence Day
In the mid 90s , Apple Computer ( now Apple , Inc. ) was facing a crisis .
Very few people were buying their computers and Apple needed to get in the public eye in a positive way .
So , in 1996 , they put their computers on the silver screen in , not one , but two blockbuster movies .
In M:I , Tom Cruise uses a PowerBook to communicate with the bad guy ( and girl ) and ultimately save the day ( and his reputation ) .
In ID:4 , Jeff Goldblum uses a PowerBook to plant a deadly computer virus in the attacking aliens ’ mothership .
I even remember an Apple commercial that tied in with Mission : Impossible .
8 Mercedes Benz The Lost World : Jurassic Park
The vehicles that Jeff Goldblum and team use while exploring Site B were a new Mercedes Benz SUV .
Steven Spielberg took great care to frame a shot that showed the famous Benz logo up close .
Again , a commercial by Mercedes was shown on television to capitalize on this movie placement .
7 Dodge Twister
Like # 8 this is another vehicle placement .
What makes it so bad is that Dodge , I think , hurt themselves .
The good guys all have old beat up clunkers , except for Bill Paxton ’s character , who drives a brand new Dodge Ram pick - up .
But the bad guys , led by Carey Elwes ’ character , all drive black Dodge mini-vans .
Of course , one of them gets impaled by a tornado thrown pole and then gets tossed around and eventually blown up by said tornado .
6 FedEx Cast Away
In the DVD commentary , the director , Robert Zemeckis , said they needed a “ real ” company to be in this movie for authenticity .
But I for one ca n’t look at a FedEx shipping box without thinking about two things :
That weird angel drawing and “ Wilson ! Wiiilllsooonn ! ”
5 Mello Yello Days of Thunder
This represents a legitimate practice ; advertisers sponsoring a NASCAR racing team and plastering their logo all over the car and driver .
However , after seeing this movie , every time I see a Mello Yello , I think about Tom Cruise and that black car driving through the wreckage .
4 The Miami Dolphins Ace Ventura : Pet Detective
I mention this one because the National Football League is extremely particular about the fictional use of any of its franchises or logos in movies and television .
Most movies that concern a professional football team use a fictional one .
It ’s surprising then that the Miami Dolphins were in this movie at all .
3 Subway Happy Gilmore
Like # 5 this represents a legitimate practice ; a professional athlete doing product endorsements .
But like # 10 , this one could have gone to any product .
Subway just happened to win the bidding war .
This one is also noticeable because in subsequent airings on cable and network television , the Subway t- shirt that Adam Sandler wears in parts of the movie has its logo blurred out .
2 Pepsi Back to the Future
The cola wars were going on hot and heavy in 1985 when the first installment of Back to the Future premiered .
Pepsi was winning and in order to capitalize on that momentum they were featured heavily in this movie .
There ’s even a scene where Michael J. Fox ’s character of Marty McFly goes into the 1955 cafe and orders a Pepsi Free , Pepsi ’s diet drink .
The soda jerk tells him if he wants a Pepsi he ’s gonna have to pay for it .
In Part 2 , Marty travels to 2015 .
Doc Brown tells him to go to the Cafe 80s and order a Pepsi .
He gives him a $ 50 bill to pay for it .
1 Reese ’s Pieces E.T. The Extra- Terrestrial
This is the one that really started it all .
Although product placement had been around before 1981 , this movie put the practice into overdrive .
No one will ever forget E.T. croaking out the words “ Reese ’s pieces ” as he happily munches his way down the trail that Elliot has left for him .
Interestingly , Spielberg wanted to originally use M&Ms , but could n’t secure the rights .
Hershey ’s , who own Reese ’s , stepped up and the rest is history .
Contributor : Randy
Though this is a Buddhist - oriented site , I ’m always open to genuine insight and love wherever it appears , and I certainly do n’t think that the grandeur and richness of life can be encompassed by any view we might hold — Buddhist , Hindu , Christian , Jewish , atheist , agnostic , scientific , or whatever .
Recently I ’ve been enjoying getting to know Peter D. Ouspensky , a Russian mathematician and philosopher who espoused many of the ideas and practices of George Gurdjieff , a Greek - Armenian mystic and spiritual teacher .
Here ’s a short passage from Ouspensky on the meaning of life , which I found insightful :
“ Some say that the meaning of life is in service , in the surrender of self , in self - sacrifice , in the sacrifice of everything , even life itself .
Others declare that the meaning of life is in the delight of it , relieved against ‘ the expectation of the final horror of death . ’
Some say that the meaning of life is in perfection , and the creation of a better future beyond the grave , or in future life for ourselves .
Others say that the meaning of life is in the approach to non-existence ; still others , that the meaning of life is in the perfection of the race , in the organization of life on earth ; while there are those who deny the possibility of even attempting to know its meaning .
“ The fault of all these explanations consists in the fact that they all attempt to discover the meaning of life outside of itself , either in the nature of humanity , or in some problematical existence beyond the grave , or again in the evolution of the Ego throughout many successive incarnations — always in something outside of the present life of man .
But if instead of thus speculating about it , men would simply look within themselves , then they would see that in reality the meaning of life is not after all so obscure .
It consists in knowledge . ”
Of course , Ouspensky had his views about how to “ look within ” and just what “ knowledge ” — self - knowledge — would be .
I think his ideas about “ self - study ” are brilliant and readily applicable by anyone , anytime , anywhere .
What he says echoes that great aphorism of Ancient Greece : Know Thyself !
That great truth echoes in the lives and words of all of mankind ’s great spiritual teachers from Buddha to Ramana Maharishi to J. Krishnamurti , to mention just a few .
Knowing ourselves is at once the simplest and the hardest thing to do .
No matter how much guidance and inspiration we get from spiritual teachers , masters , gurus , or saints , we finally have to roll up our sleeves and do the work ourselves .
We finally have to see for ourselves what the truth is .
In the end , this does n’t mean “ one truth for me , and another for you . ”
Rather , every genuine insight into truth is an awakening to what is .
If we believe something to be true that is at odds with what really is , experience will sooner or later reveal the error .
Untruth always leads to suffering , but even the suffering of our false beliefs and views can become occasions for awakening to what is .
The more we are open to truth , to what is , the more confidence we get in our ability to see for ourselves what is true and what is n’t .
We do n’t have to look to outside authorities , but to our experiences , and to our hearts , and to our awakening minds .
No wonder the Buddha said :
“ Be ye lamps unto yourselves , be a refuge to yourselves .
Hold fast to Truth as a lamp ; hold fast to the truth as a refuge .
Look not for a refuge in anyone beside yourselves .
And those , who shall be a lamp unto themselves , shall betake themselves to no external refuge , but holding fast to the Truth as their lamp , and holding fast to the Truth as their refuge , they shall reach the topmost height . ” ♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Construction on Frank Sinatra 's luxurious getaway in the mountains above Palm Springs began in 1967 .
Ol ' Blue Eyes was looking for a retreat from the intense heat down at lower elevations , along with an escape from the prying eyes of the press and his fans .
Sinatra built Villa Maggio at a cost of $ 1.9 million , which is the equivalent of about $ 10 million today .
The estate was designed for seclusion , and developed a bit of a reputation as a party house over the years .
Sinatra named the compound after his role as Private Angelo Maggio in the 1953 blockbuster , From Here to Eternity .
The film won eight Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Director , and — most importantly — a Best Supporting Actor statue for Frank Sinatra .
The film 's success with both critics and audiences was critical in turning around Sinatra 's slumping career .
The Villa Maggio compound is currently on the market , so we 're taking a closer look inside the house to bring you Ten Touches of Sinatra .
10 . Multi-line Telephone
They built these old Bell telephones like tanks , designed to last for decades .
So is it any wonder that Frank 's massive , multiline , bedside phone system still works ?
What 's more , the phone remains programmed to dial many of Sinatra 's favorite Coachella Valley hangouts from his bachelor days in Palm Springs .
9. Old - school Sony Trinitron
This Sony Trinitron was a top - of - the - line model when Villa Maggio opened in 1970 , blowing other color television sets of the time out of the water .
Who needs a 56 - inch plasma when you could be watching the Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour while whipping up some clams Posillipo in Frank 's kitchen ?
Now that 's living like Sinatra .
8. Original Kitchen / Ronson Foodmatic
Speaking of cooking , the kitchen at Villa Maggio is almost completely original .
That 's right , the Chairman of the Board sliced garlic on that center island and boiled pasta on that professional - quality range .
The best part of the kitchen ?
An original Ronson Foodmatic is built right into the island counter .
That 's right , you can shred cheese , make ice cream , and even sharpen your knives all with one ring - a- ding old - school appliance !
7. Crazy Bathroom Wallpaper
Holy loud wallpaper , Batman !
We 've heard that eye - catching wallpaper is making a comeback after spending most of the past two decades out of style , but in Sinatra 's world it was always cool .
Just make sure to keep any skittish old soldiers far away ... this veritable jungle of ferns may cause flashbacks !
6. Villa Maggio Sign
Frank Sinatra was a great champion of civil rights , speaking publicly about racial tolerance as early as the 1940s .
He later helped to integrate much of the entertainment world by insisting on equal treatment for Sammy Davis , Jr. at venues where the Rat Pack performed .
That said , this portrayal of a certain sleeping stereotype on the sign at the entrance to Villa Maggio is n't very politically correct .
A priceless relic of another time .
5. Living Room Decor
What can you say about the , umm , interior design of Frank 's old living room ?
It 's really not very often that you find a Star of David , a swastika , and a cross living in harmony in the same space .
Yeah , we know ... the swastika was an ancient symbol of peace and universal harmony long before the Nazis came along .
But still ...
4. Sinatra's Bachelor Bedroom
Want to sleep where Sinatra slept ?
Well you 're in luck , because the bedroom set at Frank 's mountain retreat is original .
Need we remind you that Frank was a bachelor in his Villa Maggio days ?
If only this bed could talk !
' Nough said .
3. Frank Dined Here
Ol ' Blue Eyes chose this dining room set himself .
We 're thinking Christmas ' 73 , the family gathered around a big baked ham , the sun setting over the Santa Rosa mountains ...
Frank singing " Jingle Bells " .
And what 's with that chandelier ?
It looks like the burning bush mated with a pair of elk antlers .
2. Cliffside Swimming Pool
Who needs a swimming pool hidden from prying eyes by its own little mountain ?
Frank Sinatra , that 's who .
1. Helipad
Villa Maggio lies less than two hours away from San Diego by car .
But I 'll bet Sinatra never knew it , because automobiles are how regular schmoes like you and I get around .
Frank would have taken the chopper up from Palm Springs after a round of golf with Bob Hope and Jack Benny .
Heading home after a late night performance in Vegas ?
No need to worry .
The landing pad is lit 24 hours a day .
Of course , there 's also the fantastic wood and stone Villa Maggio compound itself .
In addition to the main house , there are two guest houses ( attached and detached ) , a pool house that did double duty as a recording studio , two saunas , nine fireplaces , tennis and basketball courts , an outdoor fireplace / barbecue pit , and parking for 24 cars .
All in all , it 's the ideal place to live it up like Frank Sinatra .
Earlier this week on the Fat Head blog , I wrote about the attack on Lierre Keith by some vegan nut - jobs who consider her a traitor and a threat .
For those of you who do n’t already know , Keith was a dedicated vegan for 20 years but had to rethink her beliefs when her health declined and she realized , after some comical attempts , that she could n’t grow her own food without killing living creatures .
No longer able to hide behind a simplistic , child - like love for nature , she set out instead to understand it .
The result was The Vegetarian Myth , in which she argues ( brilliantly ) that agriculture and a plant - based diet will not make us healthy or save the planet .
Nonetheless , her core values remain the same : she loves animals , she abhors the cruelty of factory farming , and she wants us to feed ourselves in a manner that supports the environment instead of depleting it year after year .
As she writes in her book : “ What separates me from vegetarians is n’t ethics or commitment .
It ’s information . ”
Ah , but there ’s the rub : it ’s the information that has made her a target , not the change in her beliefs .
When I heard about the attack , my first reaction was to chalk it up to the “ vegan rage ” Keith writes about in her book .
But after thinking it over , I decided I was confusing a correlation with a cause .
Yes , they ’re enraged and they ’re vegans , but I do n’t think they ’re enraged because they ’re vegans .
I think it ’s more likely they became militant vegans in the first place because they fit the personality type described so eloquently by Eric Hoffer in his book The True Believer .
It was published in 1951 , but still rings true today .
First , a little background on the author : Hoffer was born sometime around 1900 in New York City to Jewish immigrant parents .
His father was cabinet - maker .
When Hoffer was five , his mother fell down a flight of stairs while carrying him .
She never fully recovered and died two years later .
Soon afterwards , Hoffer went blind , perhaps from the emotional trauma .
Amazingly , his sight returned when he was 15 .
Afraid he may go blind again someday , Hoffer educated himself by reading as many books as he could .
After his father died around 1920 , Hoffer left for California and worked a series of odd jobs , including a stint as a migrant farm worker , before becoming a longshoreman in San Francisco .
When his books became popular , he was dubbed “ The Longshoreman Philosopher . ”
Deeply troubled by the horrors of Nazism , Fascism , Stalinism , the Holocaust and World War II , Hoffer thought long and hard about the roots of fanatical movements , then began writing down his insights .
The result was a slim ( 176 pages ) but brilliant book , The True Believer .
If you have n’t read it , I hope you will someday .
But in the meantime , here ’s a very short summary :
Fanatical movements attract a particular personality type .
They are typically dissatisfied with their own lives and have low self - esteem .
( Can you say “ prone to rage ” ? )
Fanaticism appeals to them because it provides a sense of identity , the ego - boost of idealism , and the psychological comfort of certainty — thus relieving them of the need to resolve life ’s doubts , contradictions , and moral ambiguities for themselves .
The appeal of a fanatical movement for this personality type lies only partly in the movement ’s stated beliefs ; the deeper appeal is in the fanaticism itself .
That ’s why , as Hoffer noted , fanatical groups often find it easiest to recruit new members from other fanatical groups , even if their beliefs are at odds : Fanatical communists have become fanatical Christians , fanatical Christians have become fanatical Nazis , fanatical Nazis have become fanatical communists , etc . ( Plenty of fanatical communists became fanatical environmentalists when communism did n’t work out so well . )
Hoffer labeled these people the True Believers .
The need to believe in something — completely , and without question — defines their lives , because fanaticism makes them feel special and important .
Not surprisingly , then , the biggest threat to their identities is doubt .
All contrary evidence must be stifled or rationalized out of existence .
All logical inconsistencies in their beliefs must be ignored .
Anyone who does n’t share their beliefs is an enemy , and anyone who raises questions about their beliefs must be silenced .
( But enough about Al Gore . )
Now , does n’t that description sound just a wee bit like a militant vegan ?
Ego boost ?
Heck yes …
I ’m now a morally superior human being because I do n’t eat animal products .
Sense of identity ?
Gee , do you think ?
I once asked a waitress in a restaurant if the pork chops were any good .
Turning up her nose just a bit , she replied , “ I would n’t know .
I ’m a vegan . ”
I ’m mildly hard of hearing , so at first I thought she said , “ I would n’t know .
I ’m a virgin . ”
After some momentary confusion , mentally rifling through my old catechism lessons looking for a prohibition against virgins eating pork , I figured it out .
Either way , it was more than I cared to know about her .
“ I ’ve never tried them ” would ’ve sufficed .
The comfort of certainty , relieved of the need to resolve life ’s moral ambiguities ?
Most definitely .
It ’s easy to just declare that a fly and a pig and human being are all equal .
( I ’ll buy that idea when a pig writes a symphony or a good joke . )
It ’s a bit tougher to finally admit , as Lierre Keith did , that eating meat enhances your health , then have to deal with the morality of killing to be healthy .
The Dalai Lama eats meat now , so I guess he ’s got it figured out .
Years ago , I heard Dennis Prager debating some animal - rights nut .
Prager asked a hypothetical question : if a boy and a dog are both drowning , who do you save first ?
The nut would n’t answer .
He weasled out by saying that since he ’s a vegan , he ’s strong enough to save both of them .
( Then a fly landed on his shoulder , and he fell out of his chair . )
Before anyone gets his or her macramé underwear in a wad , I ’m not suggesting all or even a majority of vegans are True Believers .
But the ones who throw blood on women wearing furs or smash a pepper - laced pie into an author ’s face definitely fit the profile .
Here are some quotes from Hoffer himself , with my comments on how they apply to the True Believer nut - jobs who attacked Lierre Keith .
A man is likely to mind his own business when it is worth minding .
When it is not , he takes his mind off his own meaningless affairs by minding other people ’s business .
Bingo .
Mentally - healthy vegans do n’t scream “ murderer ! ” at meat - eaters .
They do n’t toss pepper - laced pies at meat - eaters .
They just do n’t eat meat .
( Heck , I even knew a vegan who was married to a meat - eater . )
But the True Believer vegans — including the Center for Science in the Public Interest and the Physicians Committee For Responsible Medicine — can’t resist minding other people ’s business .
And when their meddling turns out to be a disaster , as when CSPI harassed restaurants into switching to hydrogenated vegetable oils for frying , it does n’t faze them a bit .
They do n’t even admit they were wrong ; they just keep meddling .
Hatred is the most accessible and comprehensive of all unifying agents .
Three men in masks attack a 45 - year - old woman from behind .
People in the room cheer .
Other people praise the attack online .
A website posts a video of the attack with the Benny Hill music playing for comic effect .
Is that enough unifying hatred for you ?
In order to be effective a doctrine must not be understood , but has to be believed in .
We can be absolutely certain only about things we do not understand .
Keith did a bang - up job of pointing this out in her book .
She recounted a suggestion by some scientifically illiterate vegan that animals in nature should be separated by a big fence — the carnivores on one side , the herbivores on the other .
That way , ya see , there would n’t be any killing .
Keith then explained , using actual scientific facts , what the result would be : all the animals would eventually starve to death .
But this unbelievably stupid suggestion drew nothing but applause from other True - Believer vegans .
They were just certain it would work … even the carnivores do n’t really have to eat meat , ya see , because dogs and cats sometimes eat grass !
In other words , these goofs could only believe what they believed because they had zero understanding of nature .
The uncompromising attitude is more indicative of an inner uncertainty than a deep conviction .
The implacable stand is directed more against the doubt within than the assailant without .
That ’s why anyone who can plant a seed of doubt is such a threat .
Lierre Keith is n’t just any ol ’ author promoting an omnivorous diet ; she ’s a former dedicated vegan .
She knows all the vegan arguments inside and out , and she now disputes them with facts .
She can shake up the beliefs of people whose very identities depend on those beliefs .
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life .
Thus people haunted by the purposelessness of their lives try to find a new content not only by dedicating themselves to a holy cause but also by nursing a fanatical grievance .
Yup … I ’m pretty sure if you ’re satisfied with your own life , you do n’t feel the need to toss blood or pepper - laced pies at people who do n’t share your beliefs about animal rights — especially considering that 99.9 % of all people who ’ve ever lived also did n’t share those beliefs .
All active mass movements strive , therefore , to interpose a fact - proof screen between the faithful and the realities of the world .
They do this by claiming that the ultimate and absolute truth is already embodied in their doctrine and that there is no truth or certitude outside it .
The facts on which the true believer bases his conclusions must not be derived from his experience or observation , but from holy writ .
It was experience and observation that caused Lierre Keith to change her mind .
Her health failed .
Her spine degenerated .
She was depressed and fatigued .
A Chinese - medicine doctor she trusted told her what she already knew : her vegan diet was killing her .
Now she ’s sharing those experiences with other vegans , and that ’s why the True Believers want to shut her up — her personal story is compelling and some vegans might just believe her .
Free men are aware of the imperfection inherent in human affairs , and they are willing to fight and die for that which is not perfect .
They know that basic human problems can have no final solutions , that our freedom , justice , equality , etc. are far from absolute , and that the good life is compounded of half measures , compromises , lesser evils , and gropings toward the perfect .
The rejection of approximations and the insistence on absolutes are the manifestation of a nihilism that loathes freedom , tolerance , and equity .
Militant vegans dream of a world where everyone is a vegetarian , nobody ( and no animal ) has to kill to eat , and the planet is saved in the process .
If only life could be that pretty .
Now Keith is telling them that farming kills countless animals , and mono - crop agriculture — all those lovely fields of wheat , corn and soybeans — is destroying the environment .
In other words , you can kill some animals on purpose to eat them , or you can kill even more by farming … but you cannot live in your absolute , perfect world because it ’s not possible .
She has accepted the compromise — what she refers to as becoming an adult .
The True Believers are children , and they ca n’t stand hearing what mommy has to say .
It is the true believer ’s ability to shut his eyes and stop his ears to facts which in his own mind deserve never to be seen nor heard which is the source of his unequalled fortitude and constancy .
He can not be frightened by danger , nor disheartened by obstacles , nor baffled by contradictions , because he denies their existence .
Vegans insist they do n’t kill to eat .
When someone like Lierre Keith points out that farming kills countless creatures per acre ( and remember : a pig , a fly and a human are all equal ! ) , plus countless more who die because the mono - crop farms destroy their environments , the vegans still insist they do n’t kill to eat .
Well , not really , you see , because … uh … because … well … it ’s not really killing because we did n’t do it on purpose !
By that logic , we need to pardon everyone who caused a fatal accident by driving drunk — they did n’t mean for anyone to die , after all .
The excuse makes no sense .
It ’s a contradiction .
But the True Believers are n’t baffled by contradictions .
They ’ll simply shut their eyes and close their ears .
And if that does n’t work , they ’ll shove a pepper - laced pie into someone ’s face .
When I wrote about the attack on the Fat Head blog , one of my readers left this comment :
I am not at all surprised that this happened in the Bay area , although it could have easily happened on a college campus .
This is what happens , though , when the extreme leftists among us ( let ’s call them what they are ) get agitated .
Look at the treatment of conservatives on college campuses : That Ann Coulter ( love her or hate her ) travels with body guards and has nearly been pied is just one more example .
There is an element of our society that is all in favor of free speech until they do n’t agree with it ; then they try to shut it down .
In the modern era , most True Believers have in fact ended up on the radical left .
Why exactly that ’s the case will be the topic of next week ’s post .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
A large N. raja pitcher awaits its fill
The largest meat - eating plant in the world is designed not to eat small animals , but small animal poo .
Botanists have discovered that the giant montane pitcher plant of Borneo has a pitcher the exact same size as a tree shrew 's body .
But it is not this big to swallow up mammals such as tree shrews or rats .
Instead , the pitcher uses tasty nectar to attract tree shrews , then ensures its pitcher is big enough to collect the feeding mammal 's droppings .
Details of the discovery are published in the journal New Phytologist .
Big reputation
Pitcher plants have elaborate structures which entice creatures such as ants or spiders into a precarious position , from which they fall into a fluid - filled trap , where they drown and are ingested .
These arthropods are thought to provide the plant with vital nitrogen and phosphorus , which it cannot obtain any other way .
Pitchers are the largest carnivorous plants , and the largest pitchers grow in Borneo .
One , known as Nepenthes rajah , is believed to be the largest meat - eating plant in the world , growing pitchers that can hold two litres of water if filled to the brim .
150 years after the discovery of N. rajah , we finally have an explanation for why the largest carnivorous plant in the world produces such big pitchers
Carnivorous plant expert Dr Charles Clarke
This plant 's pitcher is so big that they are reputed to catch vertebrates .
" This species has always been famous for its ability to trap rodents , but I 've been looking at the pitchers of this species on and off since 1987 , and I 've never seen a trapped rat inside , " says Dr Charles Clarke , an expert on carnivorous plants based at Monash University 's Sunway Campus in Selangor , Malaysia .
" This made me wonder : if it is large enough to trap rats , but it only traps them very rarely , it is likely that the pitchers are large because of some other reason ? "
To find out , Dr Clarke and colleagues Ms Lijin Chin of Monash University and Dr Jonathan Moran of Royal Roads University in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada turned their attention to tree shrews , which inhabit the same forest as N. rajah .
They did so after noticing that tree shrews , which are a similar size to rodents but most closely related to primates , sometimes left faeces in the traps of large pitchers .
" All of a sudden we realised that there may be some relationship between big pitchers and tree shrews , " says Dr Clarke .
" So we decided to look at the pitcher geometry . "
What they found " totally blew us away " , says Dr Clarke .
Precise dimensions
N. rapah pitchers have huge orifices , but they also grow large concave lids held at an angle of about 90 degrees away from the orifice .
The inside of these lids are covered with glands that exude huge amounts of nectar .
Most importantly , the distance from the front of the pitcher 's mouth to the glands corresponds exactly to the head to body length of mountain tree shrews .
The same is true for two other species of large meat - eating pitcher plant , N. lowii and N. macrophylla that are also visited by tree shrews .
However , the pattern does not hold for other pitcher species not associated with the small mammals .
" In order for the tree shrews to reach the exudates , they must climb onto the pitchers and orient themselves in such a way that their backsides are located over the pitcher mouths , " explains Dr Clarke .
The tree shrews then appear to defecate as a way of marking their feeding territory .
That suggests these supposedly " meat - eating " plants have evolved a mutualistic relationship with tree shrews .
The tree shrews get nectar , a valuable food source , and in return , the plants get to catch and absorb the tree shrew 's faeces which likely supplies the majority of nitrogen required by the plant .
These particular species of pitcher also live in the highlands where insects and other arthropods are more scarce .
Such creatures would normally provide the nitrogen needed by the pitcher , forcing it to evolve its huge size to attract tree shrews instead .
Radical rethink
" 150 years after the discovery of N. rajah , we finally have an explanation for why the largest carnivorous plant in the world produces such big pitchers , " says Dr Clarke .
Dr Clarke says it is the " neatest " discovery he has made in more than 20 years of studying Nepenthes meat - eating plants .
" The findings should radically alter how we look at these plants , " he says .
He believes there is much we still have to learn about the true habits of carnivorous plants .
They suspect another highland species , N. ephippiata , likely feeds on faeces too , as may a huge meat - eating plant called N. attenboroughii which was only discovered last year .
In the lowlands of Borneo , bats roost in the pitchers of yet more Nepenthes species , suggesting these plants may too feed off the faeces of other small mammals .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Over at MoJoBlog , Andy Kroll declares that “ Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) has dealt the death blow to consumer protection . ”
He ’s talking about the Consumer Finance Protection Agency , a proposed federal agency that would ( in Elizabeth Warren ’s words ) regulate financial products the same way we regulate toasters .
Republicans have been opposed from the start to a CFPA with teeth , and Dodd has finally given in .
Here ’s the PowerPoint version of his latest proposal :
Instead of being an independent agency , the CFPA has morphed into a Bureau of Financial Protection within the Treasury Department .
The BFP would regulate large banks and mortgage companies .
However , it would have no authority over banks with assets of less than $ 10 billion and it would have no authority over other non-bank financial institutions .
( The BFP can petition for authority over other financial sectors , but this is almost certainly a fig leaf .
It would never get it . )
States that want to enforce higher consumer standards for financial products would n’t be allowed to .
The BFP preempts all state regulation .
The BFP would have to confer with existing bank regulators before making any new rules , and its rules could be overriden by the Systemic Risk Council .
I do n’t have a good sense of how much Dodd is to blame for this toothless state of affairs .
After all , Republicans instantly rejected even this watered - down proposal , objecting to the “ rule - writing power Dodd proposed for the consumer division . ”
But if they ’re objecting to rule - writing power , then they ’re simply objecting to anything that might have even the slightest chance of being effective .
It ’s all kabuki .
This , far more than healthcare reform , is the most disturbing evidence of America ’s broken politics .
After all , healthcare was always bound to be brutally partisan .
Democrats and Republicans have been disagreeing about national healthcare for decades and there was no reason to think it would be different in 2009 .
We liberals may not like the result so far , but it was hardly unexpected .
But financial reform is different .
Sure , Republicans are generally less enthusiastic about corporate regulation than Democrats .
This was never going to be a chorus of Kumbaya .
But Republicans are n’t philosophically opposed to preventing economic meltdowns , and if there ’s anything that should have inspired even conservatives into agreeing that Wall Street needed to be reined in a wee bit , it was the reckless financial excesses of the aughts and the unprecedented economic devastation it provoked .
The entire country is suffering through a grueling economic downturn that ’s the worst since the Great Depression , the collapse of 2008 makes the case for regulation almost irresistable , and even the GOP ’s tea party base is ready to lynch bankers on sight .
The political case for regulation could hardly be more powerful .
But that has n’t made a lick of difference .
Not a lick .
On an issue where the facts on the ground were so compelling that Democrats and Republicans should have been easily able to forge a consensus for serious change despite philosophical differences , there ’s been barely even a recognition from conservatives that anything went wrong .
It ’s as if Democrats had responded to 9/11 by flatly opposing any action whatsoever to beef up our anti-terrorist capabilities .
So what now ?
Unlike healthcare , where a weak bill is still worth passing because it might lead to stronger reforms in the future , I do n’t think you can say that about this .
An agency with no rulemaking authority is n’t going to suddenly gain some later on .
It will just be one of those indestructible bureaucratic barnacles , taking up space in some federal office building forever without ever accomplishing anything .
Writing a decent bill and making Republicans kill it might provide Democrats with some kind of partisan advantage .
Maybe .
But passing Dodd ’s current proposal , let alone something even weaker , would certainly have no substantive effect , either now or in the future .
There ’s literally no point in bothering to bring it to the floor .
After going through the greatest financial catastrophe of our lifetimes , brought on by forces we understand perfectly well , we ’re going to do nothing to keep it from happening again .
That ’s a broken government .
UPDATE : Paul Krugman writes essentially the same thing here .
At this point , no bill might be better than what it ’s possible to pass in the face of Republican opposition .
Everyone agrees Mahbuba Fatullaeva is 112
The famously long - lived people of the Talysh Mountains are now said to be dying younger , reports the BBC's Tom Esslemont from Azerbaijan .
A shaft of pale sunlight provides welcome warmth in Mahbuba Fatullaeva 's bedroom .
At the age of 112 , she prefers to recline against a set of fluffy pillows than to sit up and give an interview .
Yet , here in this stunning mountain valley , it feels like I have stumbled upon a rare find - one of the oldest living people on the planet .
Ms Fatullaeva is so old that she does n't speak the national language , Azeri .
She has never needed to .
She mutters away in the local Talysh dialect , her mother tongue , leaving her son , Baloglan , to do the talking .
He is 70 .
" My mother has always been healthy .
She loves people - and loves having guests , " he says .
" She has always lived here and she always ate loads of natural products .
She never ate too much meat .
She eats lots of yoghurt , " he says .
No records
Whatever her secret is , she is n't the only one to possess it .
The Talysh Mountains are becoming more open to the outside world About five minutes drive down the road lives Kishi Bandiyev who , according to his passport , is 106 .
He says he is much older - though he has no birth certificate to prove it either way .
His face is wrinkly and his eyes watery , but that does n't stop him chopping wood .
" Last year I had an accident , " he says .
" I was in a car and it went off the road into a freezing cold river .
I got out but only after some time sitting in cold water .
I feel a bit sick since then . "
In the nearby town of Lerik the authorities have a list of 12 local people who are over 100 .
But not everyone who comes here is entirely sure that they are all as old as they say they are .
Physiologist Chingiz Gazimov - who works in the Azeri capital , Baku - does n't question Ms Fatullaeva 's 112 years .
But he does doubt the way ages were recorded a century ago .
" Back then in Soviet times they came along to hand out passports - and to record people 's dates of birth .
So they would come along and say - oh yes , this person is 20 years old , and no more questions were asked . "
Changing world Even Mr Gasimov says he can tell Ms Fatullaeva really is 112 .
She is still smiling because she is surrounded by her great , great grandchildren , born a century after she was .
A lot has changed .
The long lifers , as we call them , are a dying breed
Dilara Fatullaeva
Director , Museum of Long Life
But the strains of modern life are already affecting the next generation of Talysh people .
Experts say they are dying younger .
At the Museum of Long Life , in the nearby town of Lerik , the walls are adorned with pictures of the tanned , wispy - haired members of the community who reached 100 .
" These days people watch so much television that they are less active than they used to be , " says Dilara Fatullaeva , the museum director .
" Also people get more stressed because of work problems or because they have to travel more .
A lot has changed .
The long lifers , as we call them , are a dying breed . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Soaking up the atmosphere in the snow - coated mountain valleys , it seems appropriate that centenarians should hail from a place with such pure , fresh air and where , in summer , fruit and tea grow in abundance .
People , I 'm told , also only smoke their own home - grown tobacco here , not the manufactured sort .
But the asphalt road means that the once faraway talk of modern - day life is now a reality .
The pollution , fast traffic and stresses associated with the capital city , Baku , are just a few hours away by car .
This , it appears , is having an impact on the notion of longevity in the Talysh Mountains .
It may soon be a thing of the past .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Berlin , Germany ( CNN ) --
Four men were convicted in Germany on Thursday in connection with a foiled terrorist plot against Western targets , court officials said .
The men had begun mixing a huge amount of explosive material that could have resulted in a strong blast , bigger than attacks in 2005 on London 's public transport network and the 2004 Madrid railway bombings , authorities said .
Three of the men -- two Germans and a Turk -- were arrested in September 2007 .
The other was arrested later .
The Germans -- Fritz Gelowicz and Daniel Schneider -- were sentenced to 12 years in prison .
Turkish citizen Adem Yilmaz received 11 years .
Attila Selek , a German citizen of Turkish descent , received five years .
Gelowicz , Schneider and Yilmaz were convicted of , among other things , being members of a terrorist organization , court officials said .
The men had joined the Islamic Jihad Union in 2006 .
Selek received a shorter sentence because he was convicted only of supporting the organization .
Three of the men had trained at camps in northern Pakistan with the group that had ties to al Qaeda , German authorities said .
The group said it wanted to target the Ramstein Air Base and other U.S. and Uzbek military and diplomatic installations in Germany , German authorities said .
The group also wanted to force Germany to stop using an air base in Uzbekistan as a stopover point for moving equipment and personnel in and out of northern Afghanistan .
-- CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .
Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Japanese electronics giant Toshiba Corp. are discussing the possibility of jointly developing a cheaper next - generation nuclear reactor that can operate for up to 100 years without refuelling , company officials said on Tuesday .
Toshiba Corp. will study cooperating with US venture firm TerraPower , funded by Microsoft Corp.
Chairman Gates , to jointly develop travelling - wave reactor that can function up to 100 years without refuelling , they said .
Gates is said to be considering investing personal assets worth several hundreds of billions of yen in developing the new type of reactor .
The officials said Toshiba and TerraPower have begun exchanging information in a move that would bring together Gates ' ample wealth and the know - how and experience which the Japanese electronics giant has established in the nuclear power business , Kyodo news agency reported .
While it is likely to take more than a decade to put the next - generation reactors to practical use , the TWRs can save operating costs because they do not require refueling and are expected to draw demand in emerging countries .
The new reactors , which consume depleted uranium as fuel , can operate from 50 to 100 years and are considered relatively safer than conventional boiling water reactors , which need periodic refuelling .
Toshiba , which acquired Westinghouse Electric Co. of the United States , is currently developing an ultra-compact nuclear reactor , called the Super - Safe , Small and Simple , or 4S , which can operate continuously for up to 30 years .
The 4S technology is believed to be applicable with the TWRs because they have many aspects in common , according to the officials .
Gates , who has recently been focusing on global warming and other climate issues , effectively owns TerraPower and proposed the collaboration with Toshiba , the report said .
ALSO READ Oplus launches XonPad7 tablet at Rs 9,990 in partnership with Snapdeal
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Q . Is there any truth to the Internet rumor that the incidence of breast cancer is more than 100 times greater in women who always wear bras than in women who never wear bras ?
A . “ The short answer is no , ” Dr. Ted Gansler , director of medical content for the American Cancer Society , replied in an e-mail message .
Image Credit ... Victoria Roberts
There is no scientifically credible evidence of this , he said , and the proposed mechanism  that bras prevent elimination of toxins by blocking lymph flow  is not in line with scientific concepts of how breast cancer develops .
Jerry Brown finally entered the Governor ’s race yesterday – after a year of pretending not to run .
With a luck that appears almost zen - like , his three Democratic rivals all dropped out before he even declared – giving the Attorney General and ex-Governor a clear shot at winning the June 8th primary .
But the real fight is in November , and Republican Meg Whitman has already spent more money than the “ vast ” resources Brown has stashed away .
And the billionaire fully intends to spend even more of her money .
Brown ’s announcement was a low - key online affair , an anti-climactic start for the Democrats to win back control of a deep blue state .
Does Brown really think he can just win on experience and high name - recognition ?
I had said last year that no Republican who is n’t called Schwarzenegger can win the Governor ’s race .
But now I ’m starting to think Whitman could pull it off , unless Jerry turns things around .
There ’s no good reason why Democrats cannot win the California governorship this year .
Barack Obama won the state with 61 % of the vote , not a single Congressional district has a majority of registered Republicans left , and Arnold ’s legacy as Governor will be driving the state to bankruptcy .
In other words , the real fight should have been the Democratic primary – and as long as progressives turn out the base in November , the Republican will lose .
And herein lies the rub .
The Democratic base is depressed at what ’s going on nationally , while Republicans are energized .
Any Democratic candidate in 2010 has an uphill battle , and to overcome this you need to be aggressively campaigning .
Senator Barbara
Boxer should survive re-election , because she ’s been out pushing her campaign for the last three years .
But with November being only eight months away , Brown is just starting his campaign now .
Brown had been quietly raising money for the past year ( with $ 12 million cash - on - hand ) , which was enough to intimidate Democratic rivals from the race .
Political observers saw this as wise move , because he could husband his resources without having to spend that money until now .
It also meant , however , that he was not building up a campaign team .
It reflects the anxiety of Democrats that consultants recently came together to start an independent campaign against Whitman .
She has spent $ 20 million defining herself , so something had to be done .
Now , they finally have a feisty candidate ready to re-claim the California Dream .
But Brown did n’t choose to make his announcement at a public forum , where he could have been assured good press and momentum .
Instead , he gave an online video that was well executed – but sounded like Hillary Clinton ’s “ I ’m in it to win it ” speech .
I ’ve been told he plans to keep things low - key until after the summer , when he can do a push after Labor Day .
Phil Angelides tried a similar approach , but it did n’t go too well .
Arguably , Jerry Brown is such a known quantity – with his high name - recognition – that he does n’t need to campaign as much .
It makes more sense , from his perspective , to have Meg Whitman and Steve Poizner duke it out for the GOP nomination .
But familiarity is a double - edged sword , and the Whitman campaign is already out digging the predictable dirt that an unconventional 40 - plus - year political career will yield .
Many voters do n’t remember when Brown was Governor .
He must define himself , or the opposition will .
Whitman is vulnerable .
She ’s running as an “ outsider ” ( a popular theme these days ) , but also touts her business record at a time when business executives are not well - liked .
Brown , on the other hand , deftly handled his decades of government experience – in a thinly veiled swipe at Arnold that “ we tried [ people who do n’t know what they ’re doing ] and it does n’t work . ”
And who can disagree that Brown has an “ insider ’s experience with an outsider ’s mind ” ?
The problem is it ’s going to take a lot more than that to win back the governorship .
He needs to set up a grassroots infrastructure that cannot be built overnight , and that means hiring enough campaign staff to run a professional operation .
Jerry Brown has not had to run a campaign with serious competition since 1982 .
He considered running for the U.S. Senate in 1991 , but dropped out when he saw the Democratic nomination was not assured – and his 1992 presidential campaign was quixotic .
Oakland Mayor was handed to him .
It ’s time for Jerry Brown to not take this for granted .
The stakes are simply too high …
Paul Hogarth
Republished with permission from BeyondChron .
Cleveland 's woes -- population loss , failing schools , lack of economic spark -- are no joke to comedian and native son Drew Carey , who advocates for less government , more competition and lower taxes to bring the city back .
Carey took time off from his gig as host of TV's " The Price Is Right " to help produce and star in a series of Web reports detailing Cleveland 's woes and a number of proposed fixes that will be launched next week on reason.tv , the Internet arm of the nonpartisan , libertarian - leaning Reason Foundation , on whose board Carey serves .
Carey established reason.tv three years ago and has developed a number of short Web documentaries to highlight government 's heavy - handedness .
Now , the lens turns to his hometown with a six - part series called " Reason Saves Cleveland . "
It comes on the heels of Cleveland 's " most miserable city " ranking by Forbes.com .
" As you know , I 'm from Cleveland , Ohio .
I love Cleveland , Ohio .
I based my whole career on being from Cleveland , Ohio , " Carey says in the first installment of the series , for which he 's also credited as an executive producer .
" And you also might know that Cleveland , Ohio , is going through some tough times right now .
The economy is in trouble , schools are in trouble , and people have been leaving the city in droves for a long , long time . "
The series , reported and produced by reason.tv 's editor Nick Gillespie , explores problems in Cleveland and other rust belt cities and offers solutions using examples from other cities -- such as Houston -- that are enjoying success and population growth .
Bottom line ?
As the Web site 's motto reads , " Free minds and free markets . "
In other words , move out of the way , government .
In a town like Cleveland , with big government bureaucracies , cumbersome regulations and old - school unions , the series argues , it 's no wonder times are so tough .
The series includes segments suggesting ways to fix Cleveland schools .
" Your choice is , you know , go to a Catholic school or get the hell out of town and raise your kids somewhere else .
That 's not much of a choice at all , " says Carey .
He is also fearless in taking on teachers unions , saying , " Maybe hiring teachers just based on seniority is n't a good idea because just hanging around does n't make you good . "
Other segments recommend privatizing government services ; simplifying zoning laws ; cutting red tape ; and ending reliance on big - ticket development projects such as the new medical mart / convention center .
" I did n't know Cleveland was such a bustling convention city .
Take that , Vegas ! " says Carey .
A chief goal should be to bring people back to the city .
" My only experience in running a city is SimCity , the computer game , " Carey says in one of the episodes .
" I know that when you raise taxes , all the Sims leave the city . "
Gillespie interviews locals such as Case Western Reserve University School of Law professor Jonathan Adler , former Cleveland " tech czar " Michael DeAloia , Citizens ' Academy Director of Development Lyman Millard , and Norm Plonski , owner of Major Hoopples and the Parkview Nite Club , who provides bar - stool common sense .
Carey 's hope : " I would like everybody in Cleveland to have like rich kids ' syndrome , where they feel guilty that they had all these opportunities and they have to go to Nicaragua now to do some work in the summer when they 're off from college to make up for it . "
Gillespie said the whole series was Carey 's idea : " He came to us and said , ' You guys have a lot of ideas .
What would it take to save Cleveland ? ' "
While the series digs into some ugliness here , Gillespie said it 's in no way a slam .
" It 's a valentine to Cleveland .
One of the things that came back again and again is Cleveland has a tremendous amount of stuff going for it :
Big city , brilliant skyline , great landscape .
But it needs to get over that Midwestern reticence to finally admit there is a dysfunction in the family and we 've got to fix things . "
Dont blame Jeff , blame Eidos for threatening Gamespot by pulling their sponsorship if the game didnt get a good review ...
And blame Gamespot for not defending Jeff .
The day Jeff got fired was the day Gamespot died , many good journalists quit in honor of Jeff , Gamespot is pure trash these days and they really dont offer anything useful except for game guides ...
Scientists have an emerging interest in lectins , naturally occurring chemicals in plants , because of their ability to halt the chain of reaction that leads to a variety of infections .
Now , researchers from the University of Michigan say they have found a potent inhibitor of HIV , derived from the lectin found in bananas that may open the door to new treatments to prevent sexual transmission of HIV .
In laboratory tests , BanLec , the lectin found in bananas , was as potent as two current anti-HIV drugs , T - 20 and maraviroc , currently in clinical use .
Based on the findings published in the Journal of Biological Chemistry , BanLec may become a less expensive new component of applied vaginal microbicides .
Lectins are sugar - binding proteins .
They can identify foreign invaders , like a virus , and attach themselves to the pathogen .
The U - M team discovered BanLec can inhibit HIV infection by binding to the sugar - rich HIV - 1 envelope protein , gp120 , and blocking its entry to the body .
Yet therapies using BanLec could be cheaper to create than current anti-retroviral medications which use synthetically produced components , plus BanLec may provide a wider range of protection , researchers say .
"
The problem with some HIV drugs is that the virus can mutate and become resistant , but that 's much harder to do in the presence of lectins , " says lead author Michael D. Swanson , adoctoral student in the graduate program in immunology at the University of Michigan Medical School .
" Lectins can bind to the sugars found on different spots of the HIV - 1 envelope , and presumablyit will take multiple mutations for the virus to get around them , " he says .
Swanson is developing a process to molecularly alter BanLec to enhance its potential clinical utility .
Clinical use is considered years away but researchers believe it could be used alone orwith other anti-HIV drugs as a vaginal microbicide that prevents HIV infection .
Authors say even modest success could save millions of lives .
Other investigators have estimated that 20 percent coverage with a microbicide that is only 60 percent effective against HIV may prevent up to 2.5 million HIV infections in three years .
New ways of stopping the spread of the HIV are vitally needed .
The rate of new infections of HIV is outpacing the rate of new individuals getting anti-retroviral drugs by 2.5 to1 , and at present it appears an effective vaccine is years away .
" HIV is still rampant in the U.S. and the explosion in poorer countries continues to be a bad problem because of tremendous human suffering and the cost of treating it , " says study senior author David Marvovitz , M.D. , professor of internal medicine at the U - M Medical School .
Although condom use is quite effective , condoms are most successful in preventing infection if used consistently and correctly , which is often not the case .
" That 's particularly true in developing countries where women have little control over sexual encounters so development of a long - lasting , self - applied microbicide is very attractive , " Markovitz says . : Swanson et al. , 'A Lectin Isolated from Bananas Is a Potent Inhibitor of HIV Replication ' J. Biol .
Chem. , 2010 , 28,5 8646-8655 ; doi : 10.1074/jbc.M109.034926
In a binge of hype that might make Dean Kamen blush , the world has been introduced to Bloom Energy , a new entrant to the fuel cell business that claims to be ready to revolutionize the energy economy .
Plug a Bloom Box in to your building 's natural gas line , the company claims , and you can start getting clean power at a price that beats the grid .
Unfortunately , for the moment , that 's about all it 's saying .
Which is unfortunate , since the details are critical .
Fuel cells are well understood technology , and already in use in some commercial deployments .
There 's a lot to like about fuel cells , as they 're quite efficient and , when fueled with hydrogen , produce water as the only byproduct .
Fuel cells have n't already swept the electricity market , however , for one simple reason : the hardware is ferociously expensive .
Ars contributor Adam Stevenson is familiar with the materials used in solid - oxide fuel cells ( SOFCs ) , and he described some of the challenges to putting them together .
SOFCs work by ionizing reactants at two electrodes .
Ions then flow across the cell , while electrons travel around it , enabling a fuel cell to put them to use in the form of electric currents .
Reactions take place at a cathode and anode , which transfer electrons between reactants , typically hydrogen and oxygen .
Oxygen ions then diffuse across the system , where they 're paired with the hydrogen ions , forming water ; the electrons create a standard electric current ( We 've got a diagram of the process in this article ) .
Typically , this process operates at temperatures of hundreds of degrees celsius .
Nearly every aspect of putting something like this together is problematic .
The catalysts usually involve the use of precious metals , like platinum , which significantly boosts the costs .
The entire apparatus is put together with materials that have radically different properties , but have to form complete seals , and maintain that seal over a very large temperature range .
None of that is easy to accomplish , and the results often have a relatively short lifetime in the field .
Adding to the complications , you generally can't simply dump natural gas and air on the appropriate electrodes and expect things to work .
Purity of one or both of the reactants can be critical and , if methane is involved , the " front end " of the system tends to be more complex , as some reactions take place outside the fuel cell proper in order to liberate hydrogen .
Most companies with hardware on the market have not disclosed the details of these preparatory steps .
Bloom Energy has revealed that it has developed new materials for use in the electrodes , and that its engineers think that it can bring production costs of the units down significantly below anything else on the market .
This implies that its electrodes have ditched the requirement for precious metals , and may be able to use less pure input materials , or directly react methane at the anode .
Bloom is also talking about an expected lifetime that significantly exceeds that of existing hardware , which will also lower costs .
Without any details , however , it 's impossible to judge whether any of this is accurate .
Some of the other claims being made , however , are clearly hype .
Bloom has suggested that the box can be emissions - free , but that 's only if you supply it with hydrogen .
Feed it natural gas , and there is no way to avoid producing CO 2 , barring the use of a carbon - neutral source of methane , such as landfill gas .
In fact , Bloom has also been proud to claim that the hardware produces fewer greenhouse gasses than burning coal .
Given that coal is the absolute worst energy source in this regard , that 's no surprise ; the " lower emissions " claim is true for simply burning methane , as well .
Bloom has also suggested that their fuel cell can run in reverse — plug it into some solar panels , and you can produce fuel to store .
But Stevenson said that , while this is technically true for most fuel cells , the performance is generally very poor , and can damage most cathode materials .
Then there 's the pricing issue .
Wired Science 's Alexis Madrigal noted that the hardware costs are currently over $ 700,000 , and a fuel cell researcher told him that this was " an order of magnitude higher than it needs to be , to be truly competitive . "
Bloom promises that the price will come down but , again , there 's no way to evaluate that claim .
Right now , however , the units do appear to be delivering savings to the companies that have installed test versions .
That 's because a number of states have programs to encourage the use of fuel cells and non-polluting technology .
These offset the cost of the hardware significantly , and can drop the costs of running a Bloom Box below the the price for grid power .
Whether those subsidies will remain in place if the focus shifts from general pollution to carbon neutrality is anybody 's guess .
Although it 's not really possible to figure out whether all of Bloom 's claims live up to its hype , the company appears to be setting itself a very high bar .
Fuel cells are really difficult to do both well and cheaply , and there are a lot of very smart people — in industry , government labs , and academia — who are working on this problem .
It 's possible that Bloom has managed to make a breakthrough that will leapfrog it past all of them .
Possible , but not exactly probable .
7 things Apple can do to REALLY clean up the App Store Posted by Dr. Macenstein on Sunday , March 7 , 2010 · 20 Comments
When Apple decided to make its somewhat arbitrary iTunes “ porn ” ( and I use the term loosely ) purge last month , one of the made up reasons it gave for justifying the move was that developers and customers were finding it hard to find quality apps amidst all the “ adult ” material .
Well as we saw , removing those 5,000 apps ( or less than 3 % of all apps ) did more or less nothing to fix the issue .
While we certainly do not wish to see ANY developers ’ livelihood taken away from them ( adult themed or otherwise ) we have come up with a list of apps that are causing far more damage to the iTunes store than the adult apps ever did .
So if Apple actually IS serious about cleaning up the app store and helping developers get noticed , here ’s 7 sure fire ways they could do just that .
1 ) Get rid of ALL slider puzzles .
Who is buying these any way ?
What once was a throw away crappy party favor when we were 5 now makes up 1/150th of all total apps , and there is zero quality control ( or copyright enforcement ) going on here .
I get the feeling there must be developer code readily available on the web outlining how to create a slider puzzle , and a group of very lazy developers are cranking out slider puzzles on a daily basis – usually trying to charge 99 ¢ for each puzzle which contains only ONE picture .
There are well over 1,000 of these apps on iTunes and more coming in every day .
This particular developer sells separate slider puzzles for ( among other things )
Sunsets , flowers , and horses .
2 ) Get rid of all “ + Points ” apps .
Prestige Points , Honor Points , Legend Points , Reward Points , Loyalty Points … call them what you will , if you ’re selling them on iTunes , you suck .
There ’s well over 1000 of these “ apps ” as we speak , and they clog up the app store like nobody ’s business .
If you ’re going to sell cheap crap like this , at least make ONE APP and let people buy points via an in - app purchase .
Selling 6 apps with different point amounts is insane .
Or better yet , create a separate “ international ” section of the app store ( right next to the Adult section you should create ) .
I ’m sorry , but I ca n’t even read the name of this app , much less the description , so with all due respect to the small segment of US residents who understand what these app might be , it ’s clogging it up for the rest of us .
4 ) Clean out the “ Trivia ” games .
Just like the slider puzzles , “ Trivia ” developers have flooded the market with a slew of lazy , cookie cutter apps .
You like the Mets ?
( My condolences ) There ’s a trivia app for them ( dozens , actually ) .
You like the Tampa Bay Lightning Hockey team ?
There ’s ( inexplicably ) a trivia app for that too .
These would n’t bother me so much if the developers would combine them into one sports trivia app with categories ( or even if they broke it down by SPORT ) , but for a company to offer 16 pages of narrowly focused $ 2 trivia apps seems lame .
These 2 developers have 9 and 16 PAGES of trivia apps on iTunes .
Was consolidation REALLY not possible ?
I do n’t expect the iTunes police to know EVERY character from every cartoon , movie , or video game , however , to tell me they do n’t know who Mario , Donkey Kong , Sonic , Pac - Man etc. are is just plain ridiculous .
Trust me , it will be some time before Nintendo starts making apps for the iPhone .
How these apps get approved is beyond me .
I ’m not saying I ’m positive , but something tells me these guys did n’t get SEGA / Nintendo ’s permission to sell their intellectual property .
6 ) Take out all “ gouge the customer ” apps .
This would take a little more effort on the iTunes screeners ’ part in that they would have to take a quick look at the OTHER titles the developer is offering , but take a look the following example :
This is pathetic , and there ’s hundreds of similar cases .
These apps do sort of a “ hangman / wheel of fortune ” thing where you try to guess a word in as few turns as possible .
The problem ?
They are trying to sell an entirely new game for EACH LETTER OF THE ALPHABET .
Wow .
Is this for people who REALLY love J and O words , but ca n’t stand the thought of solving a puzzle with an R word ?
Similar to the pathetic slider puzzles and trivia puzzles I mentioned above , Apple should ask developers who are too stupid to realize they might actually make some money if they tried to sell ONE app with REAL value instead of 26 much lamer ones , to combine similar - content apps if they get this out of control .
7 ) Remove any app that has not sold a copy in the last 6 months .
Just as nature will occasionally start a forest fire to clear out all the dead brush that is choking the forest floor so that new trees can grow , so too must Apple be ruthless and get rid of the apps that NO ONE wants .
I ’m sorry , but if you have not made 99 ¢ in the last 6 months from your app ( minus Apple ’s commission ) , I think you need to learn to take a hint .
Conclusion
There are many overcrowded categories on iTunes , and there are certainly a wealth of low - quality apps .
However , low quality in general is not what I am rallying against here , as taste is a subjective thing .
It would be easy to say “ clear out the fart apps , the tip calculators , the virtual lighters , etc ” , however as lame as those apps may be , there IS a difference .
Those apps are designed to do one thing only , and they do it .
The tip calculator sellers are not selling one version for calculating a tip in an Italian restaurant , one for a Japanese restaurant , and the fart apps are not selling separate “ wet fart ” , “ squeaky fart ” , and “ broccoli fart ” apps .
The apps that should be removed are those made by the greedy and inconsiderate developers that feel quantity will make them richer than quality .
It is this bizarre mentality that if left unchecked will eventually choke the life out of the iTunes store and keep legitimate developers apps from getting the air they need to thrive .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Reddit
Dog Houses - Hurry !
Clearance Ends Sunday
41 % OFF 39 % OFF 39 % OFF 40 % OFF 39 % OFF 41 % OFF 40 % OFF 41 % OFF 38 % OFF 41 % OFF 42 % OFF 40 % OFF 39 % OFF 29 % OFF
Every dog needs a place to call home when spending time out of doors .
You need a top quality dog house at a price you can afford .
We only carry dog houses that are built to last even when they are outside in the harshest of Australian weather year round .
Not only will your dog house endure the elements , it will compliment any style of landscape and maintain its functionality .
Quality dog houses are an investment in your dog ’s health and happiness .
You ’ll have the peace of mind of knowing that your special family member is safe and sound when not sitting by your side .
When it comes to maneuvering in the dark , knowing how to operate your rifle without ...
Editor 's Note : Which 17 countries have faster Internet connections than the United States ?
See our Internet speed map .
( CNN ) -- People in the United States basically invented the Internet .
So U.S. connections must be the fastest and cheapest in the world , right ?
Not so much .
Broadband Internet speeds in the United States are only about one - fourth as fast as those in South Korea , the world leader , according to the Internet monitoring firm Akamai .
And , as if to add insult to injury , U.S. Internet connections are more expensive than those in South Korea , too .
The slower connection here in the U.S. costs about $ 45.50 per month on average , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
In South Korea , the much - faster hookup costs $ 17 per month less .
An average broadband bill there runs about $ 28.50 .
So why is U.S. Internet so much slower and pricier than broadband connections in South Korea ?
The question is timely , as the U.S. government pushes forward with a " broadband plan " that aims to speed up connections , reduce costs and increase access to the Internet , especially in rural areas .
Map : U.S. Internet is slower than Slovakia's ?
The comparison between South Korea and the United States is not perfectly instructive , especially since " we probably wo n't ever be South Korea , " said Robert Faris , research director at Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society .
" The whole political and social climate is so different , the geography is different , the history is so different , " he said .
" It 's all pretty different . "
With those caveats in mind , here are the five potential reasons U.S. Internet speeds are slower and more expensive than those in South Korea .
This list was gleaned from interviews with broadband experts and from policy papers :
Korean competition
Countries with fast , cheap Internet connections tend to have more competition .
In the U.S. , competition among companies that provide broadband connections is relatively slim .
Most people choose between a cable company and a telephone company when they sign up for Internet service .
In other countries , including South Korea , the choices are more varied .
While there is n't good data on how many broadband carriers the average consumer has access to , " I think we can infer that South Korea has more [ competition in broadband ] than the United States , " Faris said .
" In fact , most countries have more than the United States . "
Some academics , including Yochai Benkler , co-director of the Berkman Center , have criticized the U.S. government 's broadband plan as not doing enough to create the kind of competition that is present in other countries .
In a New York Times editorial , Benkler says competition will reduce costs for broadband consumers .
" Without a major policy shift to increase competition , broadband service in the United States will continue to lag far behind the rest of the developed world , " he writes .
Culture and politics
There are stark cultural differences between hyper - connected Korea , where more than 94 percent of people have high - speed connections , according to the OECD , and the United States , where only about 65 percent of people are plugged into broadband , according to an FCC survey .
The South Korean government has encouraged its citizens to get computers and to hook up to high - speed Internet connections by subsidizing the price of connections for low - income and traditionally unconnected people .
One program , for example , hooked up housewives with broadband and taught them how to make use of the Web in their everyday lives .
Parents in Korea , who tend to place high value on education , see such connections as necessities for their children 's educations , said Rob Atkinson , president of the Information Technology & Innovation Foundation .
These cultural differences mean Korea has a more insatiable demand for fast Internet connections , he said .
That demand , in turn , encourages telecommunications companies to provide those connections .
Faris , of the Berkman Center , said no one society has a stronger appetite for Internet connectivity than another .
Korea 's government simply has whetted that appetite , and provided the incentives to make high - speed connections accessible to a large segment of society .
Political culture has more to do with it , he said .
" The United States is a more litigious culture than others , and the power of the FCC [ Federal Communications Commission ] to regulate is not as strong here as it is in other countries , " which means its less likely that the U.S. will pass policies to promote the growth of ultra - fast broadband .
Open versus closed networks
There is vigorous debate in the telecommunications world about the role " open networks " have in creating fast , cheap Internet connections .
The idea behind an " open " system is essentially that , for a fee , broadband providers must share the cables that carry Internet signals into people 's homes .
Companies that build those lines typically oppose this sharing .
A number of governments , including South Korea and Japan and several European countries , have experimented with or embraced infrastructure - sharing as a way to get new companies to compete in the broadband market .
The U.S. does not require broadband providers to share their lines , and some experts cite Korea 's relative openness as one reason the Internet there is so much faster and cheaper than it is here .
The most important thing is that countries create a way for companies to enter the broadband market without having to pay for huge amounts of infrastructure , said Faris .
Population density
South Korea , with more than 1,200 people per square mile , is a lot denser than the United States , where 88 people live in the same amount of space , and where rural areas and suburbs are large .
The result for broadband ?
It costs less to set up Internet infrastructure in a tightly populated place filled with high - rise - apartments , such as South Korea , than it does in the United States , where rural homes can be great distances apart .
In both countries , copper wires tend to carry broadband signals from fiber optic cables and into the home .
Data can travel fast on copper wire , but it slows down the farther it goes .
In South Korea , that 's usually just from the base of an apartment building to a particular unit .
In the U.S. , copper wire may have to link a home with a fiber optic cable that 's a mile away .
Korea had a plan ... a decade ago
In the 1990s , South Korea set a priority that it would be a highly connected country with a high degree of Internet literacy .
" They made this a priority 10 years ago and they 've really executed on it , " said Atkinson , from ITIF , the Internet policy think tank .
The country is still four to five years ahead of the U.S. when it comes to broadband policy , even as the United States tries to catch up , said Taylor Reynolds , an economist at OECD .
" Korea has long been a leader in broadband and in very fast broadband , " he said .
" And , in fact , the technology that Korea has used for probably the past four to five years is VDSL , and that 's a technology that 's now being put in by AT&T " in the United States .
Meanwhile , Korea is abandoning that technology in favor of the next big thing , Reynolds said .
That likely involves bringing super - fast fiber optic cables straight into homes .
And , according to a recent report by the Berkman Center , that could make South Korean Internet 10 times faster than it is now .
Faris said Korea 's clear - cut plan helped lead to its faster broadband speeds .
" A big difference is that Korea made a decisive move to expand Internet in the country , " he said .
" They said we want to be very good at connecting to the Internet .
A lot of government money was thrown at it ...
" The U.S. has taken a fairly hands - off approach to the sector .
They 've left it to the private sector .
There 's been some money put into it , but not that much , on a per capita basis .
We just have n't taken it that seriously . "
Following widespread objections , New Zealand ’s Section92A ‘ guilty upon accusation ’ anti-piracy law was scrapped last year .
Today , The Copyright ( Infringing File Sharing ) Amendment Bill will be introduced , which repeals Section 92A and replaces it with a " three - notice " regime , backed up by $ 15,000 fines and 6 month Internet suspensions .
In 2008 , the New Zealand Government proposed new legislation to deal with illicit file - sharing .
Section92A was the subject of widespread protests which eventually caused the Government to scrap their plans and go back to the the drawing board in order to remove the “ guilty upon accusation ” elements .
Today , Commerce Minister Simon Power will introduce The Copyright ( Infringing File Sharing ) Amendment Bill which will repeal Section 92A and replace it with a modified regime intended to reduce illegal file sharing .
“ The major feature is the three - notice process , which educates the public about illegal file sharing and provides effective methods for copyright owners to enforce their copyright , ” says Power .
“ It ensures that file sharers are given adequate warnings that unauthorised sharing of copyright works is illegal . ”
Despite the more - gently named “ three notice ” regime ( versus the more commonly used “ 3 strikes ” term ) the effects are the same .
The bill will enable copyright owners to claim damages and make requests for the Internet subscriptions of infringers to be suspended .
That said , the element most criticized in Section92A was the lack of a right to reply to an accusation , and that appears to have been addressed .
The Bill will extend the jurisdiction of the country ’s Copyright Tribunal , which will hear both sides of the argument and will be empowered to rule on cases of alleged infringement .
“ It ’s important that account holders are given a reasonable time to stop infringing before enforcement takes place .
The bill prescribes timeframes so account holders have the opportunity to address illegal file sharing activity occurring on their internet connection before enforcement action is taken , ” says Mr Power for the Government , adding , “ They will also have the chance to challenge notices and may request hearings at the Copyright Tribunal to contest infringement claims .
Yesterday it was revealed that Peter Dengate - Thrush , a lawyer specializing in Internet and IP law , has been appointed to the three - person Copyright Tribunal .
Dengate - Thrush , who was legal advisor to InternetNZ for 3 years and is the chairman of Internet policy - making body ICANN , will serve on the Tribunal for five years .
“ I straddle both camps , in that I have got a history of involvement in developing internet institutions , practices and rules and also my daily practice is as an intellectual property barrister , ” he said in a recent interview .
“ I make my living out of advising trademark owners and copyright owners and fully appreciate the consequences of infringements .
These are bad things for the economy , communities , inventors and creators of good ideas . ”
The Tribunal will be able to fine persistent infringers up to $ 15,000 ( $ 10,539 USD ) with the exact amount linked to damages alleged to have been suffered by the copyright owners .
It will also be able to order the suspension of Internet accounts for six months .
“ [ There ] will come a time when disconnecting them [ repeat infringers ] for a period is the right thing , ” added Dengate - Thrush .
While welcoming most of the amendments , InternetNZ , the group which oversees the Internet in New Zealand , says the account suspension clause needs to go .
“ The only major flaw remaining in the legislation is that its provision for the suspension of people ’s Internet accounts .
Internet users would simply start a new account at another ISP , ” says Policy Director Jordan Carter .
“ While suspension would require an order of the District Court , it is still unworkable and unnecessary .
InternetNZ will argue strongly that suspension be deleted by the Select Committee . ”
It still sort of surprises me whenever I find out that any of my peers not only did not read the Scary Stories series in their youth , but had never even heard of it .
What the hell were you doing with your childhood ?
Sleeping well without having to fend off ghastly black - and - white illustrations that waited within the darkness of your dreams ?
Bah !
No fun to be had in that …
Among the many things that the Scary Stories series has offered me is a reminder that personal experience is indeed personal .
Based on my relationship with Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark series I would have believed every American child reared in the 80’s would have at least been aware of these books .
I can still remember the first time I saw the magnetically morbid original cover of the first volume , and can likewise remember every kid in my elementary school class being instantly fascinated and appalled all at once .
Stephen Gammell ’s infamously freaky illustrations made you feel anxious about flipping through the pages .
Only a relative handful of my classmates actually bought the books , and I was n’t one of them .
I had n’t even bothered to ask my parents if I could buy it –I already knew how my folks would react to grim content .
So instead I was one of the kids who borrowed the books to read during recess or whenever we had some free time towards the end of the school day .
I remember the books staying in remarkable condition despite passing through many hands over the course of multiple school years .
I would not say that we held the books with any particular reverence so much as we knew how precious they were to the owners .
Accidentally rip part of the page to someone ’s forgettable Spider - Man comic ( “ Aw man , this is the one where Spider - Man appears to have been killed by Magma–a villain and event that will surely remain relevant for years to come ! ” ) and they might be mad at you for a day or two .
Fold the corner of one of the appendix pages of someone ’s Scary Stories book and they might not speak to you for a semester .
The books are remembered mostly for the remarkable , inexplicably nightmarish original illustrations , but I hold Alvin Schwartz ’s retelling of classic and modern ghost - lore dear as well .
These were the first books I had ever encountered that told the reader how to tell the story .
Being written specifically for recounting around campfires and at sleepovers gives the tales a fairly unique leanness that adds an invisible layer of perturbation to the stories .
In “ The Big Toe ” we are spared any explanation as to why the boy ’s parents would nonchalantly decide to cook and eat the giant toe he violently yanked from some unseen creature in a garden .
Is the family that poor and desperate for food ?
Do they regularly forage for monstrous digits ?
We ’re not given so much as a sentence addressing these questions .
The father just cuts the toe into thirds , the family dines , and then they do the dishes and go to bed .
It ’s treated as a perfectly normal evening and the setup to impending horror when it could stand on its own as a disturbing story .
My favorite story in the series , “ The Drum , ” also makes great ( and perhaps more deliberate ) use of creepy ambiguity and quiet peculiarity .
A condensed and very slightly modified version of the short story “ The New Mother , ” written by Lucy Clifford , it is a tale of two young sisters living in a small village who happen upon a toy drum owned by a nomad girl .
It ’s a hell of a drum with animatronic figurines that emerge from it , and the sisters ask the gypsy girl if they could have it .
The gypsy girl promises to give it to them only if they misbehave their asses off , which they immediately agree to do , believing that temporarily transforming into a pair of mini-miscreants wo n’t lead to any dire consequences .
Instead of disciplining her children , the girls ’ mother makes a sorrowful plea for the sisters to behave , while warning that if they continue to misbehave , mother and baby brother will have to leave , and the replacement “ new mother ” will be a thing with “ glass eyes and a wooden tail . ”
Had my mom told me something like that when I was a kid I would have developed some sort of mannerly superpowers .
I would have turned into Behavior Boy .
The drum and even the gypsy girl are essentially MacGuffins as the short story briskly progresses to its inevitable conclusion .
And again there are multiple questions that get brushed aside .
Why do the girls feel they have to actually misbehave instead of just lying to the gypsy girl about how bad they ’ve been at home ?
Do they believe she can somehow see them when they get home ?
What is the gypsy girl ’s motivation ?
Sport ?
Something more nefarious ?
Why does the mother say she does not want to leave but will have to if the girls continue raising hell ?
Is some outside force compelling her ?
And “ glass eyes and a wooden tail ” ?
What the hell ?
I remember “ The Drum ” in particular as the story that most haunted me due to its unexplained elements .
I ’m pretty sure it ’s the story that first made me conscious of the value of leaving some questions not only unanswered , but unasked .
While most of the people I personally know never read these books –much less gleaned early storytelling lessons from them –the internet , as only it can , provides ample evidence that the books have a wealth of admirers .
I ’m tempted to make the bold , oddly specific declaration that this is the best and most beloved children ’s horror anthology series ever .
There really is n’t much more for me to say about it , at least for now , so in closing I ’ll just leave you with this “ scary - for - no - damn - reason ” picture from the tale “ Oh Susanna ” that has absolutely nothing to do with the story .
Confessions of a Fear Junkie is a series of reflections on the books , stories , movies , images , and lore that shaped my fascination with the Horror genre .
( CNN ) --
Why would a gay politician vote against gay rights ?
That describes the voting record of California state Sen.
Roy Ashburn , who came out Monday in an interview with a radio talk show .
" I am gay ... those are the words that have been so difficult for me for so long , " Ashburn , a Republican , told KERN radio in Bakersfield , California .
The revelation from the 55 - year - old father of four came after he was arrested last week , accused of driving a state - owned vehicle under the influence of alcohol .
He had left a gay bar in Sacramento .
" I 've always believed that I could keep my personal life personal and my public life public , but through my own actions , I have made my personal life public , and I owe an explanation to my own constituents , " he said .
Ashburn has largely opposed gay rights legislation , according to votesmart.org. , a nonpartisan , nonprofit political research library .
Last year , he voted against a bill to recognize out - of - state , same - sex marriages and against a bill proclaiming May 22 as " Harvey Milk Day , " named after the first openly gay man elected to public office in California .
Equality California , a group that works for gay rights , said on its Web site that Ashburn " has consistently received a zero percent " on its legislative scorecards since 2004 , with the exception of 2007 , when he scored 10 percent .
But Ashburn 's votes did not surprise Wayne Besen , founder of truthwinsout.org , which he described as a nonprofit organization that defends the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender community against anti-gay misinformation , counters the " ex- gay " industry and educates America about the lives of LGBT people .
" It 's a perfect mask for someone who 's trying to stay in the closet , " said Besen in a telephone interview .
" They hope that people will think that they 're heterosexual .
It 's quite common ; we 've seen it over and over again .
...
They 're already living a lie and this takes it to a new level . "
He added , " They 're willing to harm themselves to protect an image of who they 're not .
It shows how extreme and harmful that homophobia is .
The closet will force people to make decisions that will harm their own lives . "
But Ashburn said he had no plans to change his votes on such matters .
" My votes reflect the wishes of the people in my district , and I have always felt that my faith and allegiance was to the people there in the district , my constituents , " he reasoned .
Besen was unimpressed by Ashburn 's argument .
" We live in a republic , and we elect people to vote based on their conscience and what they know to be true .
We could just simply have a machine do the voting instead if we relied on what the constituents wanted .
" He should n't be representing constituencies that are at odds with his life .
He should be convincing them and arguing about what 's wrong with their life . "
Ashburn has announced he is not running for any public office when his term ends at the end of the year .
But one of his colleagues expressed hope that Ashburn 's candor would lead him to a different view on any gay rights legislation that may yet arise .
" It 's an opportunity for him to lead his caucus , to bring a new perspective to his caucus , to help them open their eyes a little bit , " openly gay state Sen.
Mark Leno , a Democrat , told CNN affiliate KCRA - TV .
Peaches and ' a night of drugs and debauchery ' with a stranger that ended up all over the Net
Eyes glazed and head lolling on a stranger 's tattooed chest , Peaches Geldof gazes up at the camera in a picture that will provoke fresh drug fears over the daughter of Bob Geldof .
That is just the first in a series of increasingly lewd images of the Live Aid founder 's 21 - year - old daughter taken during what was claimed to be a heroin - fuelled one - night stand last November .
In another photo , Peaches cavorts topless , flaunting the 20 tattoos that cover her body .
Glazed : Peaches Geldof with the mystery man in one of the pictures posted on the internet
Topless :
Another one of the snaps of the 21 - year - old
Worryingly , she also clearly sports a large bloodied plaster that covers part of her thigh .
Peaches has repeatedly been linked with drugs in recent years and this is just the latest debacle to hit the second of Geldof 's three daughters by his ex-wife , TV presenter Paula Yates .
Peaches was just 11 when Miss Yates died of a heroin overdose in 2000 , leaving Geldof to look after her and her sisters Fifi Trixibelle and Pixie , as well as Tiger Lily , Miss Yates 's daughter by INXS singer Michael Hutchence .
The photos surfaced yesterday after an American college student , identifying himself only as Ben , wrote a detailed message on U.S. internet site Reddit.com which was asking users for their most bizarre one - night stands .
This was then picked up by internet site Gawker.com .
Ben , from Madison , New Jersey , claimed he met Peaches when they were staying with a mutual friend while Peaches attempted to record her debut album .
He alleges the pair spent the night together on Thanksgiving , on November 26 , and drove around Los Angeles looking for syringes and cotton wool - as well as lemons to dissolve heroin that he says Peaches claimed she had brought from England .
He says : ' She had a cute English accent and was n't bad looking at all .
The tattoo discussion leads to us deciding we should get each other 's names tattooed on each other .
' At 3 am I grab my friend 's car keys , and head out .
We drive all over Hollywood looking for a tattoo parlour , with no luck .
While driving around we get on the topic of drugs .
At this point in my life I was very into all drugs , as was she .
She told me she had a bit of heroin she brought with her from the UK and asked me if I was game .
I was so the hunt began .
Controversial : Peaches Geldof in one of the shots published in the U.S ; we have cropped it for decency
' We drove all around LA looking for the supplies we needed .
We drove to various pharmacies looking for needles and cotton .
' We get them and begin the drive home .
On the way back she mentions this is heroin base , meaning we need to dissolve this in lemon ( I guess this is a British thing , I never have seen this in my years in NYC ) . '
He claims that by 5 am , ' I was high as a kite and we start to watch a movie .
Things get hot and heavy and before I know it we 're naked ' .
Bizarrely , he claims that after sleeping together the pair then woke up in a Scientology centre , where fresh convert Peaches had taken them to undergo a detoxification programme called Purif .
He added : ' This girl ended up being a hardcore Scientologist and a D - List celebrity , and we were doing a process called Purif . '
Perhaps fearing reprisals , Ben had yesterday taken off his links on the website and also from his MySpace page .
Peaches was instantly recognisable in the pictures which were originally posted on website Reddit because of the distinctive tattoos all over her body
Peaches has long been linked to drugs .
In July 2008 , she was treated by emergency paramedics after an overdose and was believed to have stopped breathing for several minutes until she was revived .
However , she refused to go to hospital for fear her father would find out .
THE SCIENTOLOGIST
While Peaches ' lawyers denied she attended the Scientologists ' ' detox ' clinic with the man who claims to have been her lover , she is a member of the so - called Church of Scientology .
In October she said : ' I 've been one for a while now .
I was confused about what path to go through and I feel like I needed a spiritual path .
I felt I was lacking something when I did n't have a faith .
In the end , all it 's about is making yourself a better person . '
The organisation , founded by sci- fi author L Ron Hubbard and popular with Hollywood stars such as Tom Cruise , has many critics .
But Peaches said : ' My father says anything that makes me feel like a better person and makes me happy is a good thing . '
That incident came after she was seen offering a drug pusher up to £ 190 in May 2008 .
She was questioned under caution but never charged .
Geldof , 58 , had publicly said he would go ' ballistic ' if Peaches ever turned to drugs .
In August 2008 , she admitted she took drugs but insisted : ' It 's something people go through in their lives , especially growing up in London . '
Then in December that year she left a ' shopping list ' of drugs including Viagra and sleeping pills in a London pub .
She soon left London and moved to New York .
At the age of 19 she married wannabe drummer Max Drummey , 24 , in Las Vegas without her father 's knowledge .
The marriage lasted just six months .
She has attempted to launch a music career , while Disappear Now , the style magazine she launched , has flopped and her column on trendy New York magazine Nylon has been slated by readers .
Now living in Los Angeles , Peaches is dating 37 - year - old actor and horror director Eli Roth , most recently seen in Quentin Tarantino 's hit film Inglourious Basterds .
Roth , whose films such as Hostel have been described as ' torture porn ' , has boasted about scaring girls into bed with sick horror films .
Last night , Peaches ' lawyers said : ' The incident and photos concern private issues and activity ; the photographs were taken for private purposes only . '
They added : ' The allegations that our client was carrying and injecting heroin are denied , our client having consumed alcohol with the other individual leading to the " highs " described and portrayed in the photographs . '
They also said the alleged visit to a Scientology centre was ' fictitious ' , adding : ' Nobody who is not a member of that organisation is permitted into such buildings . '
A tawdry , sleazy story ... surely now it 's time for Bob Geldof to step in if these allegations are really true ?
By PAUL THOMPSON
Just what , one wonders , will it take before Bob Geldof - the self - styled saviour of Africa ’s starving masses - decides to step in to save the fast unravelling life of his daughter Peaches ?
He cannot deny that he has been given more than enough wake - up calls .
The latest comes in a sleazy and worrying internet post by a man who claims to have had sex with the Live Aid founder ’s 21 - year - old daughter while they were high on heroin .
It is a tawdry and worrying tale of a one - night stand with a man she had just met and their search through the seamier streets of Los Angeles for needles and other drugs paraphernalia .
Devoted mother : Peaches with her mum Paula Yates in the early Nineties
As with much of what is posted online , of course , we must view his claims with some scepticism .
Indeed , the drug allegations have been strenuously denied by Peaches ' lawyer .
But certainly , the anonymous man ’s distasteful tale is given weight by the series of pictures of a naked and stoned looking Peaches in a series of grubby poses .
The writer - who styles himself only as ‘ Thatcoolguyben ’- has published these on American social news website Reddit .
Worryingly , in one shot a topless and heavily tattooed Peaches has a plaster , with the signs of blood seeping through it , stuck to her upper thigh .
In others she is pictured bleary - eyed and nuzzling up to the tattooed torso of a pasty - looking man on a bed .
Within hours of the online post appearing , it was picked up by the gossip website Gawker , which ran its article under the headline , ‘ Peaches Geldof ’s Heroin - fuelled One - Night Stand ’ .
Seven words that will surely send a shudder down the spine of her famous father .
And lest we forget , Paula Yates , the drug - addicted mother of the deeply troubled Peaches , died of a heroin overdose in 2000 when Peaches was just eleven .
Sadly , while the 58 - year - old Geldof will be horrified by the latest dismal turn in the life of his increasingly out of control daughter , he will not be surprised .
Doting dad : Bob Geldof with daughters Pixie , left , and Peaches in 2003
For many months , concerned family friends – plus even some of Peaches ’ own circle – have been contacting the former Boomtown Rats singer will tales of her dangerous excesses .
His intervention came several months after she admitted to London ’s King ’s Cross hospital after taking an alleged overdose and after a ‘ shopping list ’ of drugs including , Viagra and sleeping pills , was discarded by Peaches in a London pub .
The previous year , Peaches was filmed allegedly trying to buy drugs from Amy Winehouse ’s dealer .
Given the fragile and often fiery relationship that exists between father and daughter , it is something of a miracle , friends say , that she ceded to his wishes on that occasion .
Particularly as for most of last year she was living in a room at the exclusive Mayfair hotel in central London rather than staying with her father and two of her three sisters at his mansion block apartment a few miles away in Battersea .
But those close to Peaches say that if anything her life has unravelled even more since she gave up London and an apartment she also kept in Williamsburg , New York , to move to Los Angeles at the end of last year .
On the West coast she is said to have fallen in with a set that one friend described to me last night as ‘ no more than druggies and dossers ’ .
She is telling friends she has moved to Hollywood to work on her debut album , though as one who has had the misfortune to hear her singing voice , the chances of a successful career in pop would seem limited at best .
She has also fallen prey while in Tinseltown to the cultish tentacles of the Church of Scientology to which she has become an eager convert .
Equally worrying for her father , Peaches has recently been gadding around Hollywood in the company of her latest boyfriend ‘ torture porn ’ film director Eli Roth , 37 .
The sleazy Roth , who directed slasher flick Hostel and starred as Nazi in Quentin Tarantino ’s blood - soaked Inglourious Basterds , likes to boast about his taste for taking his female dates to porn theatres and alleyways .
He recently said of his taste in movies : ‘ I want lots of violence , nudity .
I want sex and violence mixed together . ’
Which , needless to say , makes him sound like every father ’s nightmare and not someone who should be allowed within a hundred miles of the deeply immature Peaches .
Divorced Peaches , who had a 156 day marriage to Max Drummey , an American wannabe singer she married in a Las Vegas publicity stunt in August 2008 , has seen her career take a nosedive in recent months .
Disappear
Now , the style magazine she launched and gave herself the role of as editor - at - large of , has spectacularly flopped despite a series of expensive relaunches and her column on trendy New York magazine Nylon has been slated by its own readers .
Her efforts to break into pop is just the latest of a long line of attempts to find something she is actually good at .
The real tragedy is that in the skewed mind of the lonely and mixed Peaches , she will , it is safe to say , be secretly relishing the latest negative headlines about her troubled life .
What she desperately requires is the guidance of someone with her best interests at heart .
She will not find it among the high - living , debauched and pathetic crowd she calls her friends in Hollywood .
If she is not to go the same way as her tragic mother , what the vulnerable and deeply troubled Peaches urgently needs right now is the intervention of her father before it is too late .
For several months , I ’ve been splitting my days between Python and Ruby , with each getting four hours of the day .
This has naturally led to comparisons , and it ’s made me reconsider a lot of Pythonisms I once took for granted .
This talk will start with the two communities : where did they come from and what do they value ?
From there , we ’ll look at how those communities give rise to the languages , their common libraries , and especially their different idioms .
Special emphasis will be placed on points where one language ’s features point out a hole in the other .
Source of the video and discussion on the presentation
ZURICH ( Reuters ) - The Swiss Catholic Church is investigating around 10 allegations of abuse by clergy , including some acts committed since 2001 , making Switzerland the latest country to be hit by a wave of scandal sweeping Europe .
A general view shows Basel 's bishop 's palace , the St. Ursen Cathedral in Solothurn , March 20 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Christian Hartmann
In a pastoral letter on Saturday , Pope Benedict apologized to victims of child sex abuse by clergy in Ireland and ordered an official inquiry there .
The Swiss Bishops ’ Conference said the Pope ’s letter confirmed the church in Switzerland had acted correctly in dealing with cases of abuse , and added that it had already worked together with victims to report abuse to the authorities .
“ The letter supports the guidelines that the Church introduced for cases of sexual abuse in 2002 , ” said Conference spokesman Walter Mueller .
The Diocese of Chur , in eastern Switzerland , said it was investigating around 10 complaints of abuse .
“ Our primary goal now is to help the victims , ” the bishop ’s representative , Christoph Casetti , told national Swiss television station SF1 .
The abbot of a monastery in the diocese said at least three of the 77 monks at Einsiedeln had committed acts of abuse since he took up office in December 2001 , but no legal action had been taken in any of the cases .
“ The victims or their representatives said expressly that they did not want it , ” Abbot Martin Werlen told SF1 .
There had also been two cases of abuse at the monastery school in the 1970s , resulting in one monk being moved to another post .
Last week , a priest resigned from his post at a parish church in Chur diocese after admitting abusing a child 40 years ago , when he worked in a different country .
Casetti said none of the cases under investigation was in connection to this priest .
One of the priests involved had since died and the diocese was trying to get an overview of cases of abuse over the past 50 years , he said .
The leader of Germany ’s Roman Catholic Church said on Saturday that the Pope ’s apology was also clearly an admonition to bishops in his country .
Archbishop Robert Zollitsch also apologized for mistakes he made in failing to turn over a case of suspected abuse by a priest to state prosecutors when he was in charge of human resources in the Freiburg diocese years ago .
SCOTTVILLE --
The first off - shore utility - scale wind farm proposed for this side of Lake Michigan was presented Tuesday night .
The massive 100 - to 200 - turbine project was outlined by a Norwegian wind development company Havgul Clean Energy AS for the waters off northern Oceana and southern Mason counties .
The $ 3 billion Aegir Offshore Wind Farm is being suggested for a 100 - square - mile area from the Ludington Pumped Storage Facility south to Silver Lake State Park near Mears .
The 300 - to 450 - foot - high turbines would be built as close as two miles offshore from Silver Lake to 41/2 miles off the Ludington shoreline .
The more than 150 people at the first public presentation on the project were overwhelmingly opposed to the plan .
Objections ranged from the effect on views from beaches to concerns for property values .
However , a minority of the audience at the meeting at West Shore Community College was supportive , based on job creation and wanting alternative energy .
" We have something we think is a good idea , " said project manager Harald Dirdal ..
" We are not here to force this upon you .
We are not going to do this if your county ( officials ) say no . "
The project , being proposed in conjunction with Minnesota - based Scandia Wind Offshore , would take five to 10 years to complete and needs numerous approvals from federal , state and local governments .
Havgul and Scandia officials are gauging public opinion on whether to proceed with extensive economic and environmental studies that would several years and cost $ 10 million , Dirdal said .
Some said they heard enough .
The most vocal opposition at the meeting appeared to be from the Pentwater area , which is in the middle of the impacted coastline .
" We are almost 100 percent reliant on tourism , " Pentwater Township resident James Holbrook said .
" The view of is critical .
We are selling scenery , and that 's the lake . "
Photos shown of the development did not hide the project 's visual effect .
" Yes , it will change the view from the shoreline , and that is a negative , " Dirdal said .
" If I had a house on the beach , ( the view ) would be more beautiful without a wind turbine .
I recognize that . "
The tradeoff is economic development and an estimated thousands of jobs during the five to seven years of construction , Dirdal said .
He added the wind farm would employ 100 to 200 people when operational .
Unemployment in October was 12.8 percent in Mason County and 15.9 percent in Oceana County , according to the Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth .
The economic benefits would be regionwide , utilizing the port facilities of Ludington and Muskegon 's deep - water port .
If the company 's technology for wind turbine deployment on the Great Lakes could be developed in the area , that could create " thousands " of jobs with workers creating products exported to other regions and states , Dirdal said .
The economic arguments won over Ren Willis - Frances , of Ludington .
" I 'm in favor of this , " she said .
" We are in a depressed area and we need jobs .
If we can get jobs by doing something good like alternative energy , all the better . "
Havgul and Scandia have been looking for U.S. wind farm locations for about two years , and settled on a Lake Michigan site in the last six months .
The group first looked off the Holland shoreline , but found conditions and connections the best along the Oceana - Mason county line .
The winds north of Silver Lake State Park are considered among the best in the United States , Dirdal said .
The connections to the electrical grid at the Ludington Pumped Storage Facility reduces the cost of distribution and West Michigan is close to the large population centers of Detroit and Chicago , he said .
The project also found opposition on concerns about recreational boating , Native American fishing rights and sound and light issues at night .
Dirdal said those and other issues would be addressed in future studies and would need government regulators ' support .
Noise and " light flicker " are not issues for wind farms offshore as much as for land - based , he said .
The sound of the lake 's waves would not allow anyone on shore to hear the turbines .
Also , the angle of the sun -- even at sunset -- would keep any light flickers from reaching the shoreline , Dirdal said .
Havgul and Scandia officials plan more discussions with local and county officials with another public meeting in Oceana County possibly next month .
E-mail Dave Alexander : dalexander@muskegonchronicle.com
It is time for a revolution .
Government does not work for regular people .
It appears to work quite well for big corporations , banks , insurance companies , military contractors , lobbyists , and for the rich and powerful .
But it does not work for people .
The 1776 Declaration of Independence stated that when a long train of abuses by those in power evidence a design to reduce the rights of people to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness , it is the peoples right , in fact their duty to engage in a revolution .
Martin Luther King , Jr. , said forty three years ago next month that it was time for a radical revolution of values in the United States .
He preached “ a true revolution of values will soon cause us to question the fairness and justice of many of our past and present policies . ”
It is clearer than ever that now is the time for radical change .
Look at what our current system has brought us and ask if it is time for a revolution ?
Over 2.8 million people lost their homes in 2009 to foreclosure or bank repossessions – nearly 8000 each day – higher numbers than the last two years when millions of others also lost their homes .
At the same time , the government bailed out Bank of America , Citigroup , AIG , Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , the auto industry and enacted the troubled asset ( TARP ) program with $ 1.7 trillion of our money .
Wall Street then awarded itself over $ 20 billion in bonuses in 2009 alone , an average bonus on top of pay of $ 123,000 .
At the same time , over 17 million people are jobless right now .
Millions more are working part - time when they want and need to be working full - time .
Yet the current system allows one single U.S. Senator to stop unemployment and Medicare benefits being paid to millions .
There are now 35 registered lobbyists in Washington DC for every single member of the Senate and House of Representatives , at last count 13,739 in 2009 .
There are eight lobbyists for every member of Congress working on the health care fiasco alone .
At the same time , the U.S. Supreme Court decided that corporations now have a constitutional right to interfere with elections by pouring money into races .
The Department of Justice gave a get out of jail free card to its own lawyers who authorized illegal torture .
At the same time another department of government , the Pentagon , is prosecuting Navy SEALS for punching an Iraqi suspect .
The US is not only involved in senseless wars in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan , the U.S. now maintains 700 military bases world - wide and another 6000 in the US and our territories .
Young men and women join the military to protect the U.S. and to get college tuition and healthcare coverage and killed and maimed in elective wars and being the world ’s police .
Wonder whose assets they are protecting and serving ?
In fact , the U.S. spends $ 700 billion directly on military per year , half the military spending of the entire world – much more than Europe , China , Russia , Iran , Pakistan , North Korea , and Venezuela - combined .
The government and private companies have dramatically increased surveillance of people through cameras on public streets and private places , airport searches , phone intercepts , access to personal computers , and compilation of records from credit card purchases , computer views of sites , and travel .
The number of people in jails and prisons in the U.S. has risen sevenfold since 1970 to over 2.3 million .
The US puts a higher percentage of our people in jail than any other country in the world .
The tea party people are mad at the Republicans , who they accuse of selling them out to big businesses .
Democrats are working their way past depression to anger because their party , despite majorities in the House and Senate , has not made significant advances for immigrants , or women , or unions , or African Americans , or environmentalists , or gays and lesbians , or civil libertarians , or people dedicated to health care , or human rights , or jobs or housing or economic justice .
Democrats also think their party is selling out to big business .
Forty three years ago next month , Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. preached in Riverside Church in New York City that “ a time comes when silence is betrayal . ”
He went on to condemn the Vietnam War and the system which created it and the other injustices clearly apparent .
“ We as a nation must undergo a radical revolution of values .
We must rapidly begin the shift from a “ thing oriented ” society to a “ person oriented ” society .
When machines and computers , profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people , the giant triplets of racism , materialism and militarism are incapable of being conquered . ”
It is time .
Bolivia 's new justice minister Nilda Copa , one of the 10 women among the country 's 20 government ministers .
By Lisa Macdonald
March 3 , 2010 --
In January , Bolivia ’s left - wing President Evo Morales began his second term by appointing a new cabinet in which women are equally represented for the first time .
Morales , Bolivia ’s first president from the nation ’s long - oppressed Indigenous majority , is leading a revolutionary process of transformation .
The 10 women ministers are from a wide range of backgrounds , and three of them are Indigenous .
Introducing the new ministers , Morales said : “ My great dream has come true — half the cabinet seats are held by women .
This is a homage to my mother , my sister and my daughter . ”
In the December 6 , 2010 , national elections , in which there was the highest - ever voter participation in Bolivia , Morales and his Movement towards Socialism ( MAS ) party won a resounding victory .
Morales was re-elected with a record 64.2 % of the vote and the MAS secured the two - thirds majority in the Senate needed to pass legislation to advance its pro-people program .
The proportion of women in Bolivia ’s new parliament doubled , from 14 % to 28 % .
Women now hold 47 % of Senate seats and Ana Maria Romero from MAS has been elected Senate president .
This is a remarkable achievement in the poorest country in South America .
It was not until the 1952 national revolution that either women or the 60 % of Bolivia ’s population that are indigenous were even entitled to vote .
Until 1996 , women were largely prohibited from owning or inheriting land .
MAS senator Gabriela Montano told the BBC on January 29 : “ This is the fruit of the women ’s fight : the tangible proofs of this new state , of this new Bolivia , are the increasing participation of the indigenous peoples and the increasing participation of women in the decision - making process of this country . ”
Morales was first elected in 2005 on the back of five years of massive protests and uprisings — in particular against the privatisation of Bolivia ’s gas .
Morales ’ government has implemented some of the key demands of the people ’s struggle — in particular the partial nationalisation of gas and the convening of an elected constituent assembly to draft a new constitution based on justice and equality for the indigenous peoples .
The new constitution — passed in a national referendum in January 2009 — guarantees equal rights for women and men , and empowers women and Bolivia ’s indigenous majority in all areas of society .
Morales and MAS have stated that their goal , reflecting the will of the people , is to build a new state “ from below ” that is based on three pillars : “ plurinationality ” ( recognition of Indigenous equality ) ; regional and Indigenous autonomy within the framework of “ a democratic decentralisation of power ” ; and a mixed economy in which the state plays the central role in strategic sectors .
At his January 21 inauguration , Morales argued for the need to build a “ communitarian socialism ” in Bolivia — to replace capitalism ’s destruction of life and the planet .
Despite women ’s traditional exclusion from politics , they were at the centre of the process that brought Morales to power and , with most to gain from the radical changes under way , have become a driving force in the revolutionary process .
Thousands of campesino ( peasant ) women were the backbone of the roadblocks , marches and demonstrations against the neoliberal policies implemented by pre-Morales governments .
They played a key role in the huge protests in 2000 and 2003 against foreign corporate ownership and further privatisation of Bolivia ’s natural resources .
Their leadership in the coca growers ’ movement and for indigenous land rights has been a motor force of the revolution .
Montano told the BBC : “ The awakening of women has been brewing for a while .
Women have been a key element in the consolidation of this process of change led by President Morales , from the rallies , the protests , the fights .
Now , they will be a key element in affairs of national interest . ”
Bolivia ’s women ’s movement still has many big battles to win .
The power of the Catholic Church means that women are still unable to access safe and legal abortions , and Bolivia has the highest maternal mortality rate in Latin America .
Female illiteracy is still around 20 % and domestic violence is a major problem , Bolivia ’s women ’s rights organisations say .
Bolivia ’s laws establishing women farmers ’ right to land ownership are among the most advanced in Latin America .
The Morales government allocated property deeds for 164,401 hectares of land to 10,299 women between January 2006 and January 2009 ( compared with only 4125 such deeds between 1997 and 2005 ) .
However , illiteracy and traditional cultural practices mean that many rural women are still unaware of their rights under the new constitution .
Morales and the social movements are striving to overcome the legacies of centuries of colonial and imperialist oppression .
Equal gender representation in government , although a significant achievement in any country , is far from a guarantee of equality and freedom for all women .
But when that representation is the product of , and embodies leaders of , mass struggles by the poorest and most oppressed women , it takes on deep significance .
It is a central part of the broader struggle by the oppressed in Bolivia to create a new society .
The women of Bolivia are proving that women can fight and win — for their rights as women and for a radically new type of society based on equality and self - determination by the people .
The courageous and inspiring struggles of women and other sectors of the oppressed in Bolivia are part of a global struggle .
Bolivia 's vice - president Alvaro Garcia Linera used his January 21 inauguration speech to call for global socialist revolutions : “ No revolution can triumph if it is not supported by other revolutions in the world .
The empire is a global demon , and the only way to defeat it is [ by ] globalising the power of the people . ”
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 828 , March 3 , 2010 .
Lisa Macdonald is a co-convenor of the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network and a national executive member of the Australian Socialist Alliance . ]
House prices are set to fall as the property market heads into what could be a winter of discontent for homeowners .
A flood of properties being listed for sale in February has prompted warnings that it could swamp the market and bring an end to the resurgence in prices which occurred last year .
Alistair Helm , the chief executive of property website realestate .
co.nz , said 15,129 homes were listed for sale on the website in February , a massive 47 % increase on January 's listings .
Helm said there was usually a listing increase in February , but last month 's surge was " exceptional " .
This was compounded by the fact that the number of sales had tailed off dramatically at the end of last year , and in January hit their lowest in nearly 20 years .
Real Estate Institute figures showed there were 3666 houses sold in January , down from 4957 in December , and 6056 in November .
The combination of a big increase in the number of homes for sale and a decline in the number being sold was creating a mountain of " inventory " .
At the current rate of sales it would take 48 weeks to clear all of the homes listed on realestate .
co.nz , up from 34 weeks in December , Helm said .
There were also indications that vendors were listing properties at unrealistically high prices , making it even more difficult for them to sell .
Asking prices of properties listed on realestate .
co.nz in February were 4 % up on new listings in January .
Helm said house prices were propped up last year by a lack of listings , meaning buyers often had to compete for properties .
The market had also been helped by the extremely low mortgage interest rates , which he described as " `addictive " for property buyers , a situation that was likely to end around the middle of the year when the Reserve Bank is expected to start raising interest rates again .
Currently floating mortgage rates are around 5.65 % , while fixed rates range from 5.75 % to 8.9 % depending on their term .
But the increase in listings meant buyers would have more choice , could take longer to make that choice , and would probably want to pay less .
" If people want to sell they must price according to the market , and it's odd that asking prices are up because it indicates that people have expectations that are out of line with the market .
" People are pricing off the back of what happened last year , which was steady price increases month on month .
So , to a certain extent , the market is not as comfortable and balanced as it was in the past and that shows up in sales levels , which are pretty low , " Helm said .
Peter Thompson , managing director of Barfoot & Thompson , has also noticed a substantial increase in new listings , which he said were " unusually high " in February .
" Certainly there has been an influx , more than we expected , " he said .
And this was starting to affect prices .
While some properties were achieving good prices , others were yet to " meet the market " , Thompson said .
" Prior to Christmas there was not much stock and plenty of buyers around , so vendors got a higher price .
" Now there 's a bit more competition and vendors have to price right if they want to sell in a reasonable time .
Buyers have more time to look at more properties .
Those still thinking of yesterday 's dollars are n't making the sales .
But if the price is right , they will sell well , " he said .
A notable aspect of the current market was the absence of investors , with sales largely being restricted to owner - occupiers .
" We 're not seeing many investors , even though there are good bargains to be bought .
They are sitting on the sidelines .
If I was an investor I 'd be sitting on the sidelines too , waiting to see what happens in the Budget , " Thompson said .
The government has said it is considering altering some of the tax rules for investment property , such as removing depreciation as a tax deductible expense , making property investment less attractive .
While there is likely to be downward pressure on prices , there remains considerable uncertainty about how far and how quickly prices will fall .
In his January commentary on the housing market , economist Rodney Dickens , of Strategic Risk Analysis , noted : " From a fundamental / valuation perspective , housing in general now offers almost as bad value for investors as it did in late 2007 [ at the peak of the boom ] .
This does n't mean house prices are about to collapse , although it does mean they are more vulnerable than normal to rising interest rates and economic downturns , while it also means it will be a long , long time before housing in general is a good investment once again . "
He said it could take five to 10 years for the property market to return to " sensible prices " .
Another factor putting downward pressure on prices is that many people want to reduce debt rather than increase it , making them unwilling to trade up to a more expensive home .
In its December Monetary Policy Statement , the Reserve Bank noted the trend .
" Despite a significant upturn in the value of housing turnover , net lending to households has remained relatively muted .
Anecdote suggests householders are choosing to maintain their nominal mortgage payments , despite recent interest rate reductions .
Furthermore , an unusually high proportion of house sales have been undertaken with the intention of actively reducing debt .
" Continued risks to New Zealand 's medium - term outlook are also likely to induce caution in the household sector , " the Reserve Bank said .
According to the Reserve Bank , the amount by which total household debt was rising had fallen from $ 2.1 billion a month in March 2007 to $ 400 m for each of the three months from November 2009 to January 2010 , a decline of 81 % .
The first time I laid eyes on this card I was visiting AMD 's headquarters in Sunnyvale before the Radeon HD 5800 series launch event .
I could take photos of the 6 displays it was driving , but not the card itself .
So we 'll start off with a picture of the things that set the Radeon HD 5870 Eyefinity 6 Edition card apart from its 3 - display counterpart .
The most obvious changes are the display outputs .
While your standard 5870 has two DL - DVI , one DisplayPort and one HDMI output , the Eyefinity 6 Edition has six mini Display Port connectors .
You can further convert two of those DP outputs into any combination of DVI , HDMI ( only one can be HDMI ) and VGA .
The remaining four connectors must remain Display Port due to the limited number of timing sources on the 5870 .
The card will come with two mini DP to DP adapters , 2 passive mini DP to SL - DVI dongles and one passive mini DP to HDMI dongle .
Clock speeds have not changed .
The GPU still runs at 850MHz core and the memory runs at a 1.2GHz clock speed ( 4.8GHz data rate ) .
Memory size did change however , the Eyefinity 6 Edition card ships with 2GB of GDDR5 to accommodate the resolutions this thing will be driving .
As 256MB GDDR5 is still not available for mass production ( and wo n't be until later this year ) , AMD is using 16 x 128MB GDDR5 chips in 16 - bit mode .
AMD Radeon HD 5970 AMD Radeon HD 5870 Eyefinity 6 AMD Radeon HD 5870 AMD Radeon HD 5850 Stream Processors 2x1600 1600 1600 1440 Texture Units 2x80 80 80 72 ROPs 2x32 32 32 32 Core Clock 725MHz 850MHz 850MHz 725MHz Memory Clock 1GHz ( 4GHz data rate ) GDDR5 1.2GHz ( 4.8GHz data rate ) GDDR5 1.2GHz ( 4.8GHz data rate ) GDDR5 1GHz ( 4GHz data rate ) GDDR5 Memory Bus Width 2x256 - bit 256 - bit 256-bit 256-bit Frame Buffer 2x1GB 2GB 1GB 1GB Transistor Count 2x2.15B 2.15B 2.15B 2.15B TDP 294W 228W 188W 151W Manufacturing Process TSMC 40nm TSMC 40nm TSMC 40nm TSMC 40nm Price Point $ 699 $ 479 $ 390-420 $ 300
As a result of the added memory , power consumption has also gone up slightly .
The Radeon HD 5870 Eyefinity 6 Edition now requires both a 6 - pin and an 8 - pin PCIe power connector instead of the two 6 - pin connectors of the stock 5870 :
The extra memory and five adapters that you get in the box do come at a price .
The Radeon HD 5870 E6 Edition is expected to retail for $ 479 .
That 's $ 100 more than the MSRP of the 5870 but only $ 59 more than its actual street price .
It remains to be seen what the street price of the 5870 E6 will end up being given that TSMC 40nm production is still limited with improved but not yet perfect yields .
These cards should be available immediately .
Update 4/1/2010 : Launch prices appear to have missed their target .
We 're seeing the 5870E6 sold out at $ 499 , and in - stock elsewhere at $ 549 .
This puts it at an $ 80 premium over the reference 1 GB 5870 .
Yesterday , I took a statistical approach to determining the NHL's MVP for this season , and I do n't think I raised too many eyebrows by touting Alex Ovechkin for a repeat as Hart Trophy winner ( although perhaps you might be surprised at my # 2 ) .
Having gone through that exercise , there 's another , perhaps more interesting and debatable question that arises from the assembled data :
Who is this season 's Least Valuable Player ?
First , of course , the caveat - any player who makes it onto the ice for even one NHL game is an insanely skilled , gifted athlete who will always have my respect , as a " never was " pond - hockey kid and beer leaguer .
That said , just as some players drive positive results for their teams , there are those whose very presence on the ice is a harbinger of doom .
I suspect most hockey fans could rattle off a lengthy such list without the benefit of statistics .
The following , then , are those players who have had the worst overall performance in the NHL this season , relative to their teammates .
In 5 - on - 5 , power play , and penalty killing work they 've been on the ice for more Goals Against , and fewer Goals For , compared to how their team does when they are on the bench .
All data originates from Behind the Net .
Before you yell at the screen about Scott Niedermayer 's presence on this list , consider that perhaps his time as an elite NHL blueliner is over .
I 've narrowed the selection here to players with at least 40 games played , and at least 5 minutes of 5 - on - 5 ice time per game , for practical purposes .
Players with less ice time simply do n't have the opportunity to drive as many Goals For & Against in the wrong direction .
Brad Stuart # 23 / Defenseman / Detroit Red Wings Height : 6 - 2 Weight : 210 Born : Nov 06 , 1979
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Brad Stuart 69 2 13 15 - 14 16 1 0 0 0 131 1.5
Perhaps he suffered the dual burden of Nicklas Kronwall 's lengthy absence , along with comparison ( in part ) to one of hockey 's all - time greats .
Just as yesterday I cited Nicklas Lidstrom 's stellar PK work , Stuart has been at the opposite end of that scale .
Nate Thompson # 44 / Center / Tampa Bay Lightning Height : 6 - 0 Weight : 207 Born : Oct 05 , 1984
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Nate Thompson 58 2 6 8 -16 50 0 0 0 0 81 2.5
A two - team boat anchor dragging both the Islanders and Lightning out of playoff contention this year , Thompson is # 2 on our list of disastrous penalty killers , which you 'll find below .
Braydon Coburn # 5 / Defenseman / Philadelphia Flyers Height : 6 - 5 Weight : 220 Born : Feb 27 , 1985
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Braydon Coburn 68 5 13 18 -6 48 1 0 0 0 110 4.5
Part of what drags Coburn down is a direct comparison to Matt Carle and Chris Pronger , who ranked highly on yesterday 's MVP list , but his power play work has been a train wreck .
During his 2 + minutes of 5 - on - 4 ice time per game , the Flyers score 4.7 goals per 60 minutes , a rate which would rank 29th as a team .
When he's on the bench during a Philadelphia PP , they score more than twice as often .
The 5 Least Valuable Players in 5 - on - 5 Play
Jack Johnson , Los Angeles ( - 27.7 ) Ruslan Fedotenko , Pittsburgh ( - 26.3 ) Rod Brind ' Amour , Carolina ( - 23.4 ) Cody McLeod , Colorado ( - 22.7 ) Patrick O'Sullivan , Edmonton ( - 22.6 )
The 5 Least Valuable Players on the Power Play ( 5 - on - 4 )
The 5 Least Valuable Penalty Killers ( 4 - on - 5 )
Like what you see here ?
Feel free to register for this site if you 'd like to leave a comment , or you can simply follow along using our RSS feed , or join the OtF Facebook page .
You can also follow me on Twitter at @ Forechecker .
Also , for discounted tickets to any Nashville Predators home game , you can follow this link and use the special offer code " PREDS " .
In criminal defense cases , my primary goal is to tear down the prosecutor ’s case , piece by piece .
That is seldom done in one step .
I look for any weakness in the case , whether large or small , and begin jabbing away .
Is there evidence that can be excluded ?
Are there witnesses who can be discredited ?
No weakness is too small to exploit to the client ’s advantage .
I am Timothy Denison , a Louisville criminal defense attorney with more than 25 years of experience .
I take a tough approach , because your future is on the line .
My record of success speaks for itself .
Do n’t take my word for it .
Read testimonials from past clients .
What Have You Been Accused Of ?
Overcoming challenges is what I ’m built to do .
No matter how intense your case seems , no matter how serious the potential repercussions , you can expect me to go full force in order to protect your future .
I defend against all charges in criminal court , including :
I also handle college student criminal defense .
When college students are accused of crimes , their futures are on the line .
A conviction could cut them off from pursuing the career of their choice , and there are other hidden repercussions , even if the charge is relatively minor .
This is why it is critical for college students to be represented by an aggressive and knowledgeable lawyer .
If you have an arrest record or criminal record that you would like erased , you can turn to me for assistance with expungements .
Free Consultation With A Kentucky Criminal Trial Attorney
To schedule a meeting , call me at 502- 589-6916 , or contact me online .
IF YOU HAVE LEGAL TROUBLE …
Call the attorney the judges call .
Call the attorney the lawyers call .
Call the attorney the people call .
CALL TIM DENISON
Police are searching for a man who withdrew the life savings of a 97 - year - old woman using her stolen ATM card , authorities said Wednesday .
The thief , whose image police say is captured on bank security surveillance video stills released by the LAPD , used the card to withdraw $ 300 to $ 500 a day from the woman 's account between Aug. 16 , 2009 and Nov. 30 , 2009 .
Records show that the man made the withdrawals from 1 to 2 p.m. on those days , alternating between two Bank of America branches : one in the 100 block of Rosecrans Avenue in Gardena and another in the 300 block of East Manchester Boulevard in Inglewood .
The man is described as black , 25 to 30 years old , 5 feet 9 inches tall , and about 170 to 180 pounds .
He was seen driving a silver or gray 2000 to 2003 Mercedes - Benz C230 Coupe .
Anyone with information about the case is urged to contact Newton Division burglary detectives at ( 323 ) 846-6579 .
After hours or on weekends , calls should be directed to ( 877 ) LAPD - 24 - 7 or anonymously to ( 800 ) 222-TIPS ( 222-8477 ) .
Tipsters can also text to phone numbers 274637 ( C - R - I - M - E - S on most keypads ) with a cellphone .
All text messages should begin with the letters “ LAPD . ”
Tipsters may also go to LAPDOnline.org , click on “ webtips ” and follow the prompt .
-- Andrew Blankstein
Photo : Suspect .
Credit : Los Angeles Police Department
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
UC Irvine researcher Francisco Ayala wins Templeton Prize
German anti-fascists claimed a major victory last Saturday .
Up to 15,000 people successfully blockaded a march of roughly 6,000 Nazis in the town of Dresden .
The biggest Nazi march in Europe could n’t take place .
The success was the result of a anti-Nazi mobilisation and discussion about strategy that took place over the course of last year .
The Nazis have marched in Dresden for the last 12 years .
They are abusing the commemoration for the victims of the aerial bombardment of Dresden on the 13 - 15 February of 1945 for their Nazi propaganda .
Last year the Nazis had their biggest march so far , with 7,000 fascists from all over Europe participating .
They were able to do this because the forces that wanted to block the Nazis were too small — and a bigger demonstration headed by the main parties was far away from the route of the Nazis .
As a result of the defeat of the anti-fascists in 2009 , different political forces ranging from the autonomist left , Die Linke , some trade unions , Greens and SPD came together to work out a strategy to halt the Nazis in 2010 .
The coalition “ Dresden Nazifrei ” ( Dresden Nazi free ) was formed and over a string of conferences settled for a strategy of peaceful mass blockades to stop the Nazi march .
The anti-fascists were massively criminalised .
The placards of “ Dresden Nazifrei ” ( Dresden Nazi free ) were ruled illegal , because it called for “ illegal “ blockade action .
The plot backfired , as the anti-fascist mobilisation really took off afterwards .
In the early morning hours of the 13 February thousands braved freezing temperatures to take positions on the blockade points .
By 11 am the four blockade points were held by between 10,000 and 15,000 people — the Nazis had nowhere to go and were told so by the police .
At 5 pm the Nazis began to leave Dresden , having only marched between their buses and back .
The mood of the deep - frozen anti-fascists on the blockades was jubilant — they won a major victory .
After the incident in Detroit , there was a lot of talk about how we needed to implement Israeli - style security in America :
More profiling , more screening for suspicious behavior , and just generally tighter security .
Well , we 're ready to say , it 's happening !
Last night I flew from Ft. Lauderdale to Laguardia , after four days recharging and generally getting very , very tan .
It was Pro Bowl weekend in Miami , but since nobody cares about the Pro Bowl the airport was pretty quiet .
Getting through security was a breeze , and I had plenty of time to kill in the terminal .
So I reluctantly got on my iPhone , and got back to work , sending off emails , assigning some stories , etc .
I remember pacing back and forth a lot while I worked .
Apparently that got some flyers ' attention , because right when I was about to board the plane , I got called aside by a member of the airline staff .
Him : " Are you nervous about boarding this flight ? "
Me : Nope .
Him :
Because several passengers claimed you were acting weird , nervous and twitchy and reported you .
Me : No .
If anything , I 'm nervous about going back to work .
( At this point he gave my boarding pass to another employee , who then ran my name through some kind of database )
I was then given the all clear after about 1:00 of very light questioning .
The bottom line : passengers and employees are getting aware of behavior ( and hardcore conspiracy theorists will note my dark tan ) in making security decisions .
If you want Israeli security , we 're slowly getting it .
Gas prices have risen $ 1 since just after President Obama took office in January 2009 and are now closing in on the $ 3 mark , prompting an evaluation of the administration ’s energy record and calls for the White House to open more U.S. land for oil exploration .
The average price per gallon across the U.S. hit $ 2.81 this week , according to the Energy Information Administration .
That was up from $ 1.81 the week of Jan. 26 , 2009 , just after the inauguration , and marks the highest price since Oct. 20 , 2008 .
John B. Townsend II , a spokesman for AAA Mid-Atlantic , said price increases are a result of the cost of crude oil , thanks to a decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries not to raise production even as economic growth in countries such as Russia and China spurs more demand .
“ From all indications , we ’re going to see $ 3 gas again this summer , ” he said .
The Obama administration also blames the market for the high prices and argues that its record for expanding energy development has been solid over the past year .
“ The prices are set by the world market , ” said Kendra Barkoff , a spokeswoman for the Interior Department , which manages federal lands that would be leased for oil exploration .
Gas prices have been on a roller - coaster ride over the past decade , dropping to near $ 1 after President George W. Bush ’s first year in office , crossing the $ 2 mark in 2005 and reaching $ 4 in June 2008 before Congress and Mr. Bush took action , lifting presidential and congressionally imposed moratoriums on expanding offshore drilling on the Outer Continental Shelf .
Mr. Bush lifted the presidential moratorium in July that year .
The congressional moratorium expired Sept. 30 , and prices fell precipitously , dropping more than $ 1 in October .
“ The reason that it dropped is because the U.S. sent a signal to the markets , by dropping the moratoria , that we ’re going to drill on our lands .
Obviously , we never followed up , and thus you see the crisis gradually rising , ” said Rep. Doc Hastings of Washington , the ranking Republican on the Natural Resources Committee .
He said the solution is the same for both the short - term and long - term prices : Assure the markets that the U.S. will pursue domestic exploration .
Presidents have little direct control on the price drivers pay at the pump , but that does n’t insulate them from taking blame .
Mr. Bush faced harsh criticism as gas prices rose past $ 3 , and Mr. Hastings said Mr. Obama is likely to face the same pressures if prices continue to rise .
Mr. Townsend said part of the problem for Congress and the administration is that speculators are betting on an improved economy , which is helping drive up prices .
The Obama administration on Wednesday ruled out any increase to the federal gas tax .
Deputy Transportation Secretary John Porcari told a Senate committee that a tax increase could hurt economic recovery .
Among the steps Mr. Obama could take to affect prices is to release oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve , which is designed as a last resort to accommodate a collapse in oil supply .
In May 2008 , with prices averaging $ 3.70 a gallon , Mr. Obama co-sponsored an amendment in the Senate that would have forced the Bush administration to stop filling the reserve , which was not at capacity at the time .
The amendment passed by a vote of 97 - 1 , and a few days later , Mr. Bush reversed his own long - standing opposition and halted filling of the reserve .
Daniel Kish , senior vice president for policy at the Institute for Energy Research , an industry - backed think tank , said the administration also could open access to more U.S. resources , either on land or on the Outer Continental Shelf .
“ There ’s been no breakthrough on any kind of expanded access in the U.S. - in fact , it ’s been just the opposite , ” he said .
“ [ Interior Secretary Ken ]
Salazar has basically put on the shelf any expanded drilling .
That whole ‘ drill , baby , drill ’ thing from 2008 , the president lifting his moratorium , the Congress lifting the moratorium in the appropriations bill , none of that has come to fruition . ”
The Obama administration says it ’s been diligent in offering leases .
Administration figures show 55.8 million acres were offered for lease in fiscal 2009 , including more acres in the Gulf of Mexico than any year of the Bush administration save for 2008 .
Also , production of energy on federally leased lands , both onshore and offshore , grew 14 percent in 2009 .
The administration projects offshore oil production on the Outer Continental Shelf will grow by 20 percent next year .
But Mr. Kish said that increase was not a result of Obama administration policies but because of Congress , which in 2006 ordered that a large Gulf lease proceed .
That finally happened last year .
Subtracting that , Mr. Kish said , Mr. Obama offered fewer acres for lease in fiscal 2009 than any other president in the past 20 years .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Throughout their career , Los Angeles ' Little Feat have proved their resilience , as they persevered through line - up changes , the death of their founder , and stylistic shifts to create one of the most storied and varied catalogs in rock history .
Their music blends the sounds of the blues , country , rock ' n ' roll , funk , and soul to create an original , catchy sound that has made them one of rock 's most enduring and beloved groups .
Little Feat was formed by Lowell George , a young guitarist , who had made his name in Frank Zappa 's backing band , the Mothers of Invention .
He joined up with keyboardist , Bill Payne , who had auditioned for the Mothers of Invention , but had declined to join .
When George was fired from the Mothers , he recruited Payne , and they were joined by fellow Mothers , Roy Estrada and Richie Hayward .
The quartet recorded their debut , Little Feat ( Warner Brothers , 1971 ) , which received nationwide critical acclaim , though it did not sell particularly well ( roughly 11,000 copies ) .
The group continued to make albums until 1979 , when tragedy struck .
The group 's principal songwriter and band leader , Lowell George , died of a heart attack in Arlington , VA at the age of 34 .
The police were not able to directly link the death with substance abuse , but George 's rampant drug use caused many to believe that drugs were responsible for his heart failure .
While it looked as if Little Feat would die with its talisman , the group reformed in 1987 , and released Let It Roll ( Warner Brothers , 1988 ) with Craig Fuller taking lead vocal duties .
The Pure Prairie League frontman led the group for five productive years , until he left to spend more time with his family .
Determined to press on , the group hired Shaun Murphy , who had sang backup with Bob Seger ( among others ) , and she has been their lead singer ever since .
Though some fans were put off at the prospect of Little Feat having a female singer , her powerful , versatile voice has ingratiated her to both the fans and the critics .
They continue to release albums , tour , and spread their message to people worldwide .
When I first opened this book my mouth just dropped .
It had been years since I had seen a book typeset using LaTeX .
But in an instant it made sense as the book is crammed packed with the kind of equations that would have been a nightmare to build with any other tools .
Chapter after chapter has everything a really smart person needs to do curve fitting , statistical measures , differential equations , time - frequency analysis .
But do n't expect a play by play here .
You will get the equations , set within a few dense paragraphs , with maybe a spreadsheet and a chart or two to show the results .
The first chapter concentrates on the getting the most out of Excel as a tool .
All the chapters that follow dig into specific data analysis techniques .
Chapters two , three and four are on least squares .
Chapter five and six cover the analysis in the time domain including fourier transforms .
Chapter seven covers differential equations .
Chapter eight returns to Excel by digging in deeper into macros .
Which leads into chapter nine , where we dig deeper into basic mathematical operations .
Chapter ten covers matrix operations .
And chapter eleven wraps it all up by giving you some spreadsheet best practices .
In University style there are also some exercises that you can do along the way if you want to tweak your brain pan a little more .
To amuse myself I tried a few and I believe the book would have assessed my attempts ' wanting ' if it had a voice to tell me .
Where most books like this would have several authors this book has just one ; Roberte de Levie .
This means that the tone , style and quality of the book is consistent throughout .
A fact that you will come to appreciate as the book wades in ever increasingly deep data analysis concepts as the chapters roll on .
Though I would have preferred the book to have code samples in C# , I understand that the language of Excel is VBA and I guess I have to live with that .
Thankfully VBA has come a long way and if you so inclined it would likely be easy to translate the code into C# , Java , or whatever else you like .
The fact that one person wrote the book left me wondering , " Who is this guy ? "
In my minds eye I kinda of figured he would look like one of those pulsing brain guys from Star Trek .
Turns out he is a professor at Bowdoin College .
And his fields of study include ionic equilibria , electrochemical kinetics , electrochemical oscillators , stochastic processes , and a whole lot more stuff that almost seems made up to sound impressive .
When this book is n't serving as an amazing reference for both Excel , scientific problem solving , or just insane equations it serves other purposes as well .
It 's a handy portable IQ test , as the count of pages you can grind through in one sitting , plus 90 , is roughly your intelligence quotient .
And if you fail at that you can always put a copy of the book , along with the Orange Bible , under your pillow and try to osmose your way to becoming the Kwisatz Haderach .
In all seriousness , this is a great book .
It represents the kind of in - depth work and research we used to see in books that came out twenty years ago .
Robert is to be applauded for his work .
This is an excellent resource for anyone looking to do scientific data analysis but who was unaware of the powerful capabilities that Excel provides that is likely waiting just one Startup menu click away .
The book is not without fault .
I would have preferred that it had been in color , or at least have one color section to show some of the more impressive visualizations that I 'm sure would look great in color .
In addition the index is silly short for a book that clocks in at 700 pages .
But those are only minor quibbles for what is all - in - all an amazing piece of work .
You can purchase Advanced Excel for Scientific Data Analysis from amazon.com .
Slashdot welcomes readers ' book reviews -- to see your own review here , read the book review guidelines , then visit the submission page
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Doctors in the Iraqi city of Falluja are reporting a high level of birth defects , with some blaming weapons used by the US after the Iraq invasion .
The city witnessed fierce fighting in 2004 as US forces carried out a major offensive against insurgents .
Now , the level of heart defects among newborn babies is said to be 13 times higher than in Europe .
The US military says it is not aware of any official reports showing an increase in birth defects in the area .
BBC world affairs editor John Simpson visited a new , US - funded hospital in Falluja where paediatrician Samira al - Ani told him that she was seeing as many as two or three cases a day , mainly cardiac defects .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Our correspondent also saw children in the city who were suffering from paralysis or brain damage - and a photograph of one baby who was born with three heads .
He adds that he heard many times that officials in Falluja had warned women that they should not have children .
Doctors and parents believe the problem is the highly sophisticated weapons the US troops used in Falluja six years ago .
British - based Iraqi researcher Malik Hamdan told the BBC's World Today programme that doctors in Falluja were witnessing a " massive unprecedented number " of heart defects , and an increase in the number of nervous system defects .
She said that one doctor in the city had compared data about birth defects from before 2003 - when she saw about one case every two months - with the situation now , when , she saw cases every day .
Ms Hamdan said that based on data from January this year , the rate of congenital heart defects was 95 per 1,000 births - 13 times the rate found in Europe .
" I 've seen footage of babies born with an eye in the middle of the forehead , the nose on the forehead , " she added .
A spokesman for the US military , Michael Kilpatrick , said it always took public health concerns " very seriously " .
" No studies to date have indicated environmental issues resulting in specific health issues , " he said .
" Unexploded ordinance , including improvised explosive devices , are a recognised hazard , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Rajini Vaidyanathan
BBC News Magazine
A Bulgarian official has been sacked after being caught milking a virtual cow on the hugely popular online farming game , Farmville .
So what is it about it that 's made it so popular ?
At the end of a hard day seeing to patients at the surgery there is more work to be done .
Tending to the crops , feeding the cows and making sure the fields are ploughed .
For one GP , who is too embarrassed to be named , the internet game Farmville has become a part of daily life .
The premise of the game is simple - you are a farmer , albeit a virtual one - with your own plot of land .
Your job is to cultivate it and rear animals .
You get points depending on how successful you are and the aim is to get the highest score you can .
What would Old Macdonald say ?
On her farm , the GP grows potatoes , watermelons and keeps chickens and cows .
She never tends to her fields during her working day , but is on it most evenings .
" It does seem like a terrible waste of time , " she says .
" It 's like watching trashy TV though , a bit of escapism to help you unwind . "
For her and many others , Farmville has become a guilty pleasure .
The game was launched in June 2009 , since then more than 80 million people have signed up to it .
While it 's highly unlikely that everyone who has joined the game plays it on a regular basis , there is no doubting it has a huge regular following , with people around the world , from all ages and backgrounds playing it .
Farmville is accessed as an application through Facebook and now has its own website too .
But it 's the game 's presence on the social networking site which has given the game such a wide reach , allowing it to tap into Facebook 's already large user base .
And its availability on social networks has created a new wave of computer gamers , who would n't normally go near a console .
Meaningful effect Like full - time mum Gemma , for whom Farmville has become part of the daily routine , in - between nappy changes and feeds .
Both her sisters and her mum are signed up too .
She was initially dismissive of Farmville when she was asked to join , but is hooked now .
So , what is the appeal ?
" It becomes a personal experience and something you care about , " says Johnny Minkley , a computer games expert .
The game has a certain " stickiness " to it , because of the nurturing element involved , he says .
" What you 're doing needs to have some meaningful effect , like the planting and growing of crops . "
The game also has a competitive element - it's about having the best farm and earning the most money to see to its upkeep .
But it can also be co-operative and it's possible to interact with your friends ' farms on the site by watering their plants and feeding their animals .
Tamagotchi was a huge craze in the 1990s
The game is free to play , but if you want to buy extra coins to keep up your farm , you are given the option to buy more with your credit card .
Parallels can be drawn between Farmville and the Tamagotchi craze in the 1990s , where people looked after a virtual pet housed in a plastic egg , developing an emotional attachment to their virtual being .
But the fact Farmville has been introduced in an age of social media has had other effects .
For the embarrassed GP , it resurrected an old friendship - sort of .
" There 's a girl I went to school with , and who I never speak to , but I now fertilise her crops for her , " she says .
To the uninitiated , this behaviour might seem bizarre , but hardened Farmvillers say all of this helps you win extra points and prizes .
It is this sense of reward which keeps people playing , says psychologist Dr Mark Griffiths of Nottingham Trent University .
He describes Farmville as " virtual Lego " , where building something from scratch and seeing it grow gives players a sense of accomplishment and a " psychological high " .
Educational tool
Dr Griffiths specialises in researching technological addictions and says what underlies any addiction is the reliance on constant rewards .
But saying you are " addicted " to Farmville is a bit like saying you 're addicted to chocolate , he argues .
" What people really mean is that there is a ' moreishness ' quality about it .
There 's nothing wrong with spending hours on it , as long it 's not affecting your personal relationships and work . "
There are those who see Farmville as a blight on their daily Facebook feed , when every time they log in they discover that Georgia has traded 50 gold pieces , or that Andrew has harvested his chicken coop .
TOP FIVE FARMVILLE COUNTRIES
1 . United States 2 . Turkey 3 . The Philippines 4 . United Kingdom 5 . Italy Others say it is not just a blight , but a downright distraction .
It was recently reported that a councillor in Bulgaria was sacked after he was discovered milking a virtual cow on his laptop during a committee meeting .
There are many others who agree with the superiors in Plovdiv and the game has its fair share of detractors .
There are several Anti-Farmville groups online , one called Not Playing Farmville has more than two million members .
" If you are doing this you have ... I repeat if you are doing this you have too much time on your hands " , writes one member .
Another says , " everyone 's worried about the swine flu , but I think we need to be worried about this Farmville epidemic " .
Bill Mooney , VP and general manager of Zynga , the company behind Farmville brushes off these kind of negative comments .
" If Farmville is affecting people in a positive way , then we 're all for it , " he says .
Tenuous
" The best thing is , Farmville is played in 5 - 10 minutes sessions , so you really do n't have to get too preoccupied or diverted for a long time .
It 's more like a coffee break or break from studying . "
Does it provide a " real sense of farming " ?
Mooney says the game has had other positive benefits , like generating an interest in agriculture .
Before the game was developed the company did a lot of research into the area , so they could make the game accurate and give people a " real sense of farming " .
In the US the appeal of Farmville is being seen as one possible way of attracting younger people into farming .
But at the Scottish Agricultural College in Aberdeen , Alison Campbell who lectures in the subject says the parallels between the real and online world are limited .
" A lot of the students we have here come from farm backgrounds .
It is quite tenuous to what they know to be real life [ on a farm ] . "
On a virtual farm , it 's all about instant gratification - you do n't have to wait six months for your aubergines to grow .
But then again , you can't eat them either .
Additional reporting by Finlo Rohrer Below is a selection of your comments I love FarmVille it is amazing !!!!
Katie , Plymouth England FarmVille , the game you love to hate ; I have a farm , worked on it and built up a friend group to help expand .
Trouble is , you then get all the " nonsense " the " friends " are posting in addition to the " nonsense " from Farmville , in addition to the scraps of information your non-Farmville ( thus " real " ) friends are posting .
I 've more or less stopped farming - but I 'm loath to drop the app just yet :-)
Timothy Bolton , Selfkant , Germany
One thing you did n't mention , that is pretty interesting in itself , is that the game encourages you to spend REAL money ..... you can get rewards that others do not get , advance yourself quicker , grow better crops ..... and this in itself also help Farmville players raises £ 1000s for Haiti ( before the earthquake and after ) but purchasing ( with real money ) a particular virtual crop .
Matt , London , UK 21st century Tamagotchi .
People have always wanted to nurture through play .
People keep pets , and for thousands of years children have played with dolls and toy farms .
Does the fact that it's on a computer make it any less a toy farm ?
In fact , most of these games are basically sophisticated board or card games .
You make a strategy , you make your moves .
We 've been doing this sort of thing for thousands of years , because we 're human .
We exercise our brains .
Just because it's on the Internet does n't make it any better or worse .
Penny , Basildon , UK I cannot believe how intelligent people can get hooked on such rubbish !
It suggests that they do n't have much a life , at least outside of their work .
Why do n't they go for a walk , a drink or meal with friends , do some voluntary work or some interesting research ?
In fact even the TV can be more stimulating !
Trish Reynolds , Faringdon , Oxfordshire I 've been playing FarmVille for about 6 months now and find it very relaxing as it is so far removed from my real life .
The game encourages reciprocity as there are so many benefits to be gained by helping out your neighbours .
One unexpected bonus is that , instead of counting sheep to get to sleep at night I do a mental inventory of all the items I have on my farm and always drop off before I 'm even half way through !
Pix6 , Vienna , Austria I recently gave up on FarmVille .
It took up too much of my free time and I worried about my animals when I was away .
After pressing the " remove application " box I felt so much better .
Angela , Highlands Oh I love FarmVille .
It 's great I put the kids to bed and sit down and unwind playing FarmVille xx
Tamara , East Grinstead
One thing that has n't been mentioned is the monthly increase of Farmville Facebook groups , that try and make you believe you can gain a item or Farmville coins for filling out a survey .
Of cause these groups are scams and would never give out a item .
Though the same people still join over and over and even if 5 % of the people who join ( these groups have over 500,000 people joining ) then the group owner gains a lot of money from these scam surveys .
Simon , Lincoln
I am a police officer and so are several of my ' farm buddies ' .
There is a strange ' moreishness ' and a competitivenes about the game without ever being able to lose at it .
To answer the points raised by others ( Trish Reynolds ) , yes I do have a life , a very happy one thank you .
I also have a profession , a family , my hobbies and my social life ; none of which suffer to the detriment of my farm .
Farmville is good , harmless fun that never sees an animal slaughtered , potatoes blighted or bol weevil infesting cotton .
If a farmer sees his crop wither then one simply ploughs and plants more !
Ca n't stop now I 'm afraid , my lambs need brushing !!
Andrew , Pontyclun Angela , Highlands I agree with you .
After wasting about a month by intensively e-farming I deleted it .
It felt great .
There are so many better things you can do with your time .
I would recommend and urge others to do the same .
You wont miss it when it 's gone !
Gareth , Bristol I used to play Farmville but found it to be far too time consuming so gave it up to get outside instead .
That said it is a really simple game that can teach some value in the care and nurturing of things , rather than blowing stuff up like a lot of other video games .
Paul , Milton Keynes
A friend of mine bemoaned the fact last year that her cantaloupes were n't growing as well as mine .
I told her if she spent as much time tending them as she did her virtual crops on Farmville , she might have more success !
lol !
She stuck her tongue out at me . :)
Sue , Thornville Ohio , USA I love it !
Been playing it since my son got me to join as his neighbour last July .
Having a very high pressured job it is just the " chill " I need after a hard day at work .
I would n't play it during work hours though .
Also Farmville have donated to various disaster funds through it 's players which can't be a bad thing .
Liz , Northampton , UK
When I found that harvesting my crops , raking the land , and planting seeds was taking me about an hour a day I decided to quit cold turkey .
And I do n't actually miss it
Andrew , Egham I suppose it retains its audience by making things real time and you have to constantly be caring for it ; this aspect is also why I dislike the game compared to similar games such as The Sims , where you can save .
With real - time play , all the time , it 's like coming home from work to do more work , and worrying about one work while at the other .
Edwin Chan , Calgary , Canada I played , was addicted , and then one day I just hit delete .
It was painful to do but I did it .
Now I know what freedom tastes like .
Brian Fleming , Baltimore , MD I love Farmville - one thing you do n't mention is that to succeed you have to cooperate with your neighbours ; there 's not a shred of violence in this computer game , the graphics are terrific and there are constantly new themes being brought into play - and I play with people of all ages in many different countries - and get to know them too .
Great game !
Ceridwen Harris , London On Canada
All I can say is : thank god for that button on FB that allows you NOT to receive updates from all your farmer friends ... before I discovered that function logging on to FB was almost like reading some kind of almanac of the 21st century
Meg , Geneva , Switzerland
I played Farmville for several months and at first it was indeed like a coffee break , a nice distraction .
However after a while the farm grows and there 's more & more to do .
Before you know it the game consumes all your time , fills your FB wall with requests for gifts and co-operative based rewards .
The urge to spend ' real money ' to get ahead became more and more tempting .
It all became too much and I 'm glad I uninstalled it !
Mark Renshaw , St Helens , UK
The danger with Farmville is when you let it take over .
I am a Farmville widower as my wife is on it for a large part of her spare time , and the kids are Farmville orphans .
The temptation for her to do a bit of harvesting or plant some new seeds is just too great and the rest of her family simply do not exist when she 's having her fix .
My wife had two days off sick recently and , although not incapacitated , did nothing but Farmville .
To Dr Griffiths -
If you think Farmville is not addictive , just come and witness the zombie - like creature that occupies the computer for most of the evening , most evenings !
John , Portishead UK I love Farmville and have made several friends around the world through playing it .
We now communicate about normal life too .
I appreciate that my non-farmville friends do n't want to hear about my farm so have set up a group that only copies my farmville friends on my farm achievements .
Gail , London , England
You are all very sad individuals , what ever happened to conversation and reading a book ?
No wonder the world is in such a state , everyone hiding behind a virtual reality .
Bob Becker , Bournemouth , England I 'm a farmers daughter and realise there is no real comparison to farming but still use farmville .
I have also converted several of my friends .
Its harmless and is the nearest I get to a stratergy game - or owning my own farm for that matter !
Plus its still more constructive than shoot em up games !
Harvey , Carlisle I have never played Farmville , but lots of my friends do .
I have never seen the attraction - I spend my free time at my own ( real ) allotment growing crops I can actually eat , exercising and being out in the fresh air .
Instead of pretending , get outdoors and feel the real benefits .
Claire , London , UK I am a 57 year old granny and full time admin worker and I am not ashamed to say that I go on Farmville the moment I wake up , when I get home from work and before I go to bed in order to see to my animals , harvest my crops and fruit trees !!!
Its fun and there 's no harm in it !
Kathy A , Bradford , West Yorkshire I play Farmville everyday for about 15 minutes .
I play a few other games as well .
I also work full time , exercise several days a week , read 1 - 2 books a week , watch a few tv shows , and also have time to hang out and do things with my boyfriend and friends .
To imply that people that play do not have a life is close - minded and idiotic .
Mortisha , Maryland , US I loved this article , I do n't have Facebook and I do n't play Farmville , I prefer games to be a little more complex but what worries me is how everyone seems to think anything like this is addictive !
They proved it is n't - if you play any game , or for that matter find yourself unable to manage a hobby without it affecting relationships and your well - being then you have an addictive personality .
Games are more - ish and compelling but like an earlier commenter said - it's what we have done for centuries - games exercise your brain and in the 2000's even open up socialising to a whole new level - down with anyone who whinges about them I say !
Chol , Swindon , UK I am 23 , am in the process of buying my first house with my future husband , have a 50 hour a week job , plenty of friends , and a full social life .
I also have a farm .
It is that little bit of escapism at the end of my day which gives my brain a chance to switch off !
I love it , and as for deleting the application , there are others I have cast aside to make more time for harvesting , collecting and brushing !
Kerry Phillips , Poole , Dorset , England I played it for 2 weeks , then gave up because it was using up time I could have used more meaningfully .
Sitting at the table chatting with the people I share a house with is probably more important for building a life and creating a community .
Having said that , it probably nudged me to starting a REAL vegetable plot in the front garden of the house .
Adriel Yap , Durham Pathetic that adults are wasting time in virtual reality .
Later these same people are wandering why children do n't know how to socialise and getting fat .
Martha , London I play Farmville too and I know some people can get frustrated at reading the postings that go with the game when some activities take place .
However , I would say to those people , click on the Hide button on the top right hand side corner of the post to turn off postings from this app completely and stop moaning !!!
I have done so with other app 's postings I could not care about !!!
It is a cute game and indeed helps switch off !!
Ronan , Aberdeen Farmville is popular and many Facebook users are addictive to it in Saudi Arabia , too !!!
I used to play it daily when it was 1st launched but after they added uncessary features , I lost interest .
Dalia N.J. , Jeddah , Saudi Arabia
Obviously all the whiners and whingers who keep complaining about Farmville and other games cluttering up their news feed are n't intellectual enough to use their ignore button .
They are most likely sitting on their bums for several hours watching the spoon fed pap that passes for TV programming instead .
CP
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thirty per cent of breast cancer ' is caused by obesity '
Up to a third of breast cancer cases could be avoided if women ate less and exercised more , researchers claim .
Experts believe more than 14,000 women a year would probably not develop the disease if they had adopted healthier behaviour from an early age .
Modern lifestyles which feature regular drinking , lack of exercise and increased obesity are fuelling the rise of the disease , the European Breast Cancer Conference heard yesterday .
Modern lifestyles which feature regular drinking , lack of exercise and increased obesity are fuelling the rise of breast cancer
Around 45,000 cases of breast cancer are diagnosed each year in Britain .
Carlo La Vecchia , of Milan University , told the conference in Barcelona : ' What can be achieved with screening has been achieved .
It 's time to move on to other things . '
Dr La Vecchia said the International Agency for Research on Cancer estimates that 25 to 30 per cent of cases could be avoided if women were thinner and did more exercise .
But Robert Baan , an IARC expert , said it was not clear if already overweight women could lower their cancer risk by slimming down or if long - term damage had already been done .
Around one in five British women is classified as obese .
Research shows they are almost 50 per cent more likely to die from breast cancer than women carrying fewer pounds .
It is unclear why obese women are more at risk , although changes in sex hormone levels triggered by weight gain could be behind oestrogen - dependent tumours , which form the majority of cases .
The World Cancer Research
Fund last year suggested up to 40 per cent of diagnosed women - around 18,000 a year - could avoid cancer by adopting a healthier lifestyle .
Studies show drinking one large glass of wine a day increases the chances of developing the disease by a fifth , say experts .
Again , this could be linked to alcohol raising levels of oestrogen .
Dr Rachel Thompson said the WCRF had reviewed 954 separate studies .
' The evidence is now convincing that drinking alcohol , being physically inactive and having excess body fat all increase risk of breast cancer , ' she said .
' There is also convincing evidence that breastfeeding reduces the mother 's risk of breast cancer .
Overall , we estimate about 40 per cent of breast cancer cases in the UK could be prevented through these lifestyle factors . '
Delegates also heard a warning from a British surgeon that increasing numbers of women who have a breast removed to treat cancer are panicking into having a second mastectomy .
Ajay Sahu , who works at Frenchay Hospital , Bristol , said many women diagnosed with the disease are extremely frightened and make the wrong decision in a hurry - despite little evidence it will improve their survival chances .
He said a study of 27 patients who had asked for the removal of their unaffected breast revealed all had overestimated their risk of developing a second tumour by five to ten times .
After ' cooling off ' for a year , 23 chose not to have the second operation .
The conference will hear today how breast cancer survivors can safely try for a family without triggering a recurrence of the disease .
A review of 14 trials , involving thousands of survivors , showed that not only was pregnancy safe , it might improve their chances of beating the disease in the long - term .
Those who got pregnant had a 42 per cent cut in their risk of dying from cancer compared to those who did not have a baby , researchers found .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Coalition supporters say the EPCA has not kept pace with technology US technology firms and privacy groups have called for an overhaul of privacy laws , saying the government has too much access to private online data .
Google , eBay and others have launched the Digital Due Process coalition , seeking to update the 1986 privacy act , passed before internet usage exploded .
It calls for warrants to be issued before e-mails and texts are handed over to law enforcement agencies .
It seeks more protection of data stored online and mobile tracking information .
Outdated law
The coalition is looking to re-write the Electronic Communications Privacy Act ( ECPA ) of 1986 that governs what kinds of private digital information the government has access to and how they may obtain it .
" It is not surprising that a law written in 1986 did n't foresee the privacy protections we need some 25 years later , " Richard Salgado , Google 's senior counsel for law enforcement and information security told BBC News .
The number of mobile users has soared since the law was introduced
The coalition - which includes over 30 members drawn from the worlds of industry , privacy and academia - said the ECPA is " a patchwork of confusing standards that have been interpreted inconsistently by the courts " .
For example , law enforcement agencies can get access to some email information , instant messages , and other data stored online through simple subpoenas , not court - ordered warrants .
The coalition has recommended that a warrant be required before internet providers must hand over the online information - just as a warrant is required for a physical search of a suspect 's computer or filing cabinets .
It wants similar protection before mobile carriers turn over tracking information about customers .
It also want courts to ensure any real - time information like texts and instant messages are relevant to an investigation .
" The law needs to be clear that the same standard applies to email and documents stored with a service provider , while at the same time be flexible enough to meet law enforcement needs , " said Jim Dempsey of the Center for Democracy and Technology .
Dialogue Members of the coalition said that had had discussions with the White House , the FBI and the justice and commerce departments .
They acknowledged that law enforcement agencies were likely to resist any change and a long debate was almost certain before Congress would act .
" We are not expecting that these will be enacted this year , but it 's time to begin the dialogue , " the CDT 's Mr Dempsey told reporters .
Senator Patrick Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he planned to hold hearings on " much - needed updates " to the US privacy act .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dick Cheney is the former vice - president whose national security expertise was central to his appeal in 2000 as Bush 's running mate .
Yet within nine months , Cheney presided over the worst attack on American soil in US history , failed to capture its perpetrators , failed to bring any of its plotters to justice , made convicting them much harder because he secretly and illegally authorized their brutal torture , and recruited a new and young wave of Jihadists by the exposure of the barbarism at Gitmo , Bagram , Camp Cropper , Camp Nama and the various black torture sites he helped set up across the globe .
For good measure , Cheney also lost the war in Afghanistan and his closest confidant Don Rumsfeld lost the war in Iraq ( the success of the subsequent " surge " will be tested this year as troops withdraw ) .
Under Cheney , for good measure , both Iran and North Korea made huge strides toward getting nukes .
Not only did Cheney allow bin Laden to escape in Tora Bora , he also helped radicalize many actually innocent prisoners ( three quarters of those thrown into the torture camp at Gitmo were innocent of any charges ) , and then set many of these radicalized new Jihadists free to wreak further terror on the US and the world .
In fact , an Obama administration official has asserted that all the former Gitmo prisoners who have become Jihadists upon release were set free by Bush and Cheney .
Just as Cheney had bin Laden in his grasp and allowed his fathomless incompetence to lose him , he has actually helped create and then unleash Jihadists across the world .
How this utter failure gets to pontificate on terror after his disastrous record is beyond me .
But then , Mike Allen would have fewer pageviews , would n't he ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The U.S. jobless rate was unchanged at 9.7 % in February , following a decline the previous month , but the government ’s broader measure of unemployment ticked up 0.3 percentage point to 16.8 % .
The comprehensive gauge of labor underutilization , known as the “ U - 6 ″ for its data classification by the Labor Department , accounts for people who have stopped looking for work or who ca n’t find full - time jobs .
Though the rate is still 0.6 percentage point below its high of 17.4 % in October , its continuing divergence from the official number ( the “ U - 3 ″ unemployment measure ) indicates the job market has a long way to go before growth in the economy translates into relief for workers .
The 9.7 % unemployment rate is calculated based on people who are without jobs , who are available to work and who have actively sought work in the prior four weeks .
The “ actively looking for work ” definition is fairly broad , including people who contacted an employer , employment agency , job center or friends ; sent out resumes or filled out applications ; or answered or placed ads , among other things .
The U - 6 figure includes everyone in the official rate plus “ marginally attached workers ” — those who are neither working nor looking for work , but say they want a job and have looked for work recently ; and people who are employed part - time for economic reasons , meaning they want full - time work but took a part - time schedule instead because that ’s all they could find .
A U - 6 figure that converges toward the official rate could indicate improving confidence in the labor market and the overall economy .
This month pushes convergence even further away .
DIFFERENT jumper .
Same rollercoaster ride .
Brendan Fevola 's first match as a Lion produced highs , lows and was never , ever dull .
Most importantly , it also produced an all - important win as Brisbane scored a 32 - point victory over West Coast at the Gabba to give the Lions ' off - season spending spree some bang for its buck .
Fevola finished with three goals ( and seven behinds ) with his partner - in - crime in the Brisbane forward line Jonathan Brown adding five imposing majors .
Their much anticipated forward line combination showed plenty of promise and went a long way towards delivering on the pre-season hype .
To put it simply , they can work together .
Case closed .
" Everyone wants to write us off but if he ( Brown ) can kick five and I can kick three then we are going to go a long way to winning games , " Fevola said .
" Big Brownie was kicking them from everywhere and I was spraying them . "
They had no goals between them at quarter - time but combined for four majors in the last term as Brisbane surged past the Eagles relentlessly .
West Coast was powerless to stop the onslaught which was led by Brown who was sensational in the last term .
Brisbane kicked seven goals to one when it mattered most .
Fevola and Brown were important but nobody stood taller than Jared Brennan who was best - on - ground in his new midfield role .
Brennan , who racked up 31 possessions , was simply brilliant and was well supported by veteran Luke Power who added three goals of his own .
The victory could come at a cost with vice - captain Jed Adcock ( ankle ) , new recruit Amon Buchanan ( hand ) and Josh Drummond ( leg ) all suffering injuries .
Fevola himself appeared to have written the script for the opening passage of play .
He took his first mark in Brisbane colours after just 10 seconds following a pinpoint pass from debutant Todd Banfield .
However , much to the chagrin of the Gabba faithful , the kick from the right - hand side of goal sailed wide .
Fevola dropped a chest mark just minutes later and the crowd let out a collective groan as they were desperate to see the former Blue open his account as a Lion .
Fevola and Brown finished the term with two behinds each with the unlikely figure of Josh Drummond kicking Brisbane 's first goal of the night after he sliced through the centre square and thumped the Sherrin with his booming left boot .
Fevola took a tough contested mark over Eagles skipper Darren Glass and kicked truly less than a minute into the second quarter to register his first goal for his new club .
Soon after , Brown took an even tougher mark over Glass and kicked his first goal for the year .
The Eagles ' waterboy that gave away the 50 m penalty by running through the mark only made Brown 's task easier .
They were seemingly away as Brown added another major to help the Lions take the lead for the first time on the night .
However , the brilliance of Eagles ruckman Nic Naitanui kept the visitors in front at the main break with a goal and a scoring assist leading a West Coast fightback .
Fevola enjoyed a mixed third term as the Eagles extended their lead with Brisbane suffering the same problem of poor disposal that haunted the home team in the opening quarter .
A booming goal was offset by another behind , a kick out on the full and a free kick conceded .
It was that sort of night for Fev .
But a soccer - style goal in the fourth - quarter rampage showed how deadly he can be in front of goal .
His day will come .
BRISBANE 2.6/6.10/9.12/16.18 ( 114 )
WEST COAST 4.2/7.6/10.8/12.10 ( 82 )
Goalkickers : Brisbane : Jonathan Brown 5 , Luke Power 3 , Brendan Fevola 3 , Josh Drummond , Todd Banfield , Jared Brennan , Justin Sherman , Brent Staker
West Coast : Josh Kennedy 2 , Quinten Lynch 2 , Luke Shuey 2 , Brad Ebert , Mark LeCras , Nic Naitanui , Patrick McGinnity , Andrew Embley , Dean Cox
Crowd : 29,201
China Ramps Up U.S. Crude Oil Imports As Elections Near
China has been buying a lot of U.S. crude oil lately , perhaps in a belated attempt to fulfill some of the energy import quotas agreed with Washington last year or perhaps in a bid ...
If you need to develop any websites then in your entire mind first issue will be create that which language will be preferable for me ?
Each and every language and platform have their best salient features which allow users to make an innovative application .
Nowadays the times of free open source customization which allow you to make web application with free open source .
You can create any application with free open source .
PHP is a free open source which is the easiest way and very fast and also reliable and flexile open source which is the best for ecommerce solutions .
PHP has many of features which are the best for small business owners who can custom their web application in small budget with PHP programming .
One the biggest issue to choose best PHP Development Company , which offer you latest technology of PHP application development , PHP programming , custom php development .
India is the best place for outsource PHP development India .
Choose the company which helps you to make beneficial application which exact needs of your online business .
Choose the right company which publishes you different on the internet from other business .
Professional websites and SEO friendly website and user friendly websites make you better in online business .
So it ’s a required to make a website also attractive and its help you better online .
If you are online business owners and you need to develop dynamic website then you should go for PHP development because it helps you to grab more you in online business .
Choose the company which has largest portfolio and strong knowledge of PHP programming services .
Some basic ideas to Choose PHP Development Company :
Ø Professional web development company
Ø Have largest portfolio
Ø Have developers whom have good command on English
Ø Expert PHP developer
Ø Expertise in latest technology
Ø Understand clients requirements
Complete project within time limit Complete project within time limit
Ø Give a best support and services
Ø Good communication skills developers
So Above All Feature Company helps you to develop your web application in PHP with satisfaction .
If you are finding outsourcing company then India is the IT hub for IT outsourcing and many company are outsourcing PHP application development .
Also several companies offer you to hire PHP developer , PHP programmers ,
Hire web developers which can reduce 30 to 40 % cost from your budget
By Captain Pyke | January 14 , 2010 - 11:04 pm
Cryptic Studios just announced 12 month and lifetime subscriptions for it 's forthcoming MMO Star Trek Online .
Ranging from $ 119.99 to $ 239.99 these subscriptions will be available for a limited time and only to those who pre-order the title .
The lifetime subscription has pretty interesting perk , your own playable , liberated borg drone .
Hugh , as we like to call him , includes a self regenerating shield and kung - fu grippe ( kung - fu grippe sold separately ) .
Check out the subscription details below .
Lifetime Subscription : $ 239.99
Includes :
- Lifetime Access to Star Trek Online ( duh )
- Playable Borg
- 2 Additional Character Slots
Playable borg features :
Borg Nanites : +10 % Health Regeneration
Description : Ground Trait .
Constantly regenerates shields and health .
Efficient : +5 Starship Shield Efficiency , +5 Starship Engine Efficiency , +5 Starship Energy Weapon Efficiency , +5 Starship Auxiliary Systems Efficiency
Description : Space Trait .
Provides a bonus to efficiency stats , improving the effectiveness of many of your power management abilities .
The Liberated Borg also has a unique optional trait .
Neural Blast : 30 second debuff .
Drastically reduces run speed .
Every 4 seconds , Neural Blast has a 40 % chance to hold the target for 3 seconds .
Description : Activatable Ground Trait .
Inject the target with neural toxins , which continually attempt to hold the target for the duration .
Also reduces the target 's movement speed .
12 month subscription : $ 119.99
- annual recurring subscription locked in at the discount price
- 2 Additional Character Slots
Read the full package details here .
Middle Easy reports :
A Thursday just is n't a Thursday without a little bit of Fedor news that will make you throw your coffee table across the room in pure elation .
MMA Ironman somehow got their hands on tomorrow 's issue of Nikkan Sports which features a report about Fedor potentially facing Yoshida in his retirement fight April 25th in ASTRA .
Since most of you guys probably do n't speak Japanese , largely in part because there 's something called ' English ' that keeps getting in the way , here is my rather accurate translation of the newspaper 's feature story .
Now excuse me while I pat myself on the back .
An article in tomorrow 's Nikkan Sports newspaper says that Yoshida 's retirement fight in ASTRA will most likely be against Fedor .
The exact quote is " Retirement match against Fedor , world 's strongest man " .
According to the newspaper , Fedor 's camp got in contact with Yoshida when he announced his retirement fight somewhere around February 8th and both parties have been negotiating ever since .
There is a final meeting that will be held in Japan at Dream 13 which should finalize the negotiations .
If nothing pans out after Dream 13 , then they apparently have other fighters readily available to fight Yoshida .
If Fedor Emelianenko takes a fight against a retiring Hidehiko Yoshida he will infuriate American fans .
Many have hoped to see Fedor , the USAT / SBN Consensus MMA Rankings # 1 heavyweight in the world , fight # 10 Fabricio Werdum on Strikeforce 's CBS show .
The risk - reward calculation Fedor 's management would be making IF they indeed signed this fight is that there is virtually no chance that Fedor loses to Yoshida and it's an easy pay day while we haggle with CBS for more money .
Japanese fans might find Fedor vs Yoshida to be a compelling spectacle as they see the fading legend Yoshida , a gold medal olympian in Judo in 1992 and one of Japanese MMA 's biggest and most respected stars take on the man universally known as the best in the world in Fedor .
But American fans are largely ignorant of the historical and cultural significance of Yoshida in MMA and Japan so we 'll just see Fedor ducking top competition .
A Fedor - Yoshida fight is a waste of the time of the world 's greatest heavyweight and if he breaks his hands pummeling Yoshida and out for several months after this fight we will possibly not see Fedor take on quality competition in 2010 .
The sad thing is , this is exactly the sort of move one expects from Fedor 's management .
It 's very interesting that the DREAM / Strikeforce alliance apparently prevented Fedor vs Josh Barnett at DREAM.13 but that created an opening for the new ASTRA promotion to put together this fight .
Remember , this is a very unconfirmed report , but with Fedor 's cryptic communications policy , every puff of smoke must be analyzed for significance .
UPDATE : An email from M - 1 Global 's Evgeni Kogan dismisses this rumor :
This story is obviously not serious .
by Lee Griffin
There ’s a race on , and no it ’s not the Cheltenham festival .
Should the election be held on the 6th of May as is expected then parliament will be duly dissolved around the 6th of April , which leaves only 10 days of parliamentary time to debate all the remaining laws trying to be passed .
It is this reason that when the Lords finally passed the Digital Economy Bill on the 15th of March they spent a significant portion of time discussing the issue of the “ wash - up ” , or a ( relatively ) clandestine period of legislative discussion that occurs in the twilight between an announcement of an election being made , and parliament being closed down for the impending election .
The Government here has one hope and one set of plans , get the Digital Economy Bill through to the “ wash - up ” in such a way that they can add bits and pieces to an already illiberal piece of legislation without the proper scrutiny of parliament .
Instead of our elected representatives ensuring that we are protected from bad law , it would come down to the front benches and the party political whims of the main parties .
In short , representation takes the back foot in place of backroom dealing to pass the bills , even if they are slightly watered down in the process .
It ’s for this reason that we have to stand our ground and ask our MPs to ensure this controversial bill receives proper scrutiny .
If they do not provide that scrutiny , if the law goes through on the nod , then the government will have every power to do what they wish , opposed only by the minority Lib Dem party and the Tory party who are surely not the best example of a party beholden to public democracy over business interests .
For those that are writing to your MPs , specifically point them to the areas of the bill that are problematic ( and do so in your own words , it has more impact ! ) :
If you dislike the idea of OFCOM becoming a UK internet regulation body of any “ editorially controlled ” content “ service ” – see Clause 1
If you dislike vague law that would allow unscrupulous ministers to restrict your internet access without warning after ZERO warnings , if they so chose – see Clause 6
If you dislike the idea of being cut off from your internet because someone in your house / university / workplace allegedly broke the law – see Clauses 10 and 11 .
If you a ) Do n’t want the BPI to draft law for us or b ) do n’t want websites blocked by ISPs because the ISPs are blackmailed with threats of legal costs if they do n’t block access to the site – see Clause 18 If you do n’t want the government to have the power to take ownership of uk domain names on a vague concept of “ fairness ” – see Clause 19
If you dislike leaving the door open to require online games to be regulated – see Clause 41 If you ’re concerned about new law being made ( re : Orphan Works ) that is weakened by old law not being enforced – see Clause 43
Here we have a shopping list of concerns that have still barely been touched by the lengthy debate in the Lords .
The main problem that has been doing the rounds is clearly the issues posed by point 2 , the “ three strikes ” law that is worded in such relaxed language that how often someone has to “ infringe ” copyright is able to be amended in a manner that receives almost no scrutiny in parliament .
They may say 3 strikes now , or maybe 50 … but it does n’t mean that they could n’t say NO strikes , in the future .
We have to , as with the Coroners and Justice bill before it , take the law at it ’s wording , not it ’s intention .
It is for ALL of these above reasons that we need debate to happen , we need to ensure that there is contention … the reason is that where there is disagreement before the wash - up , there is unlikely to be any passing of those parts of the bill during the wash - up without serious amendment .
That is if the bill even makes it in to the wash - up .
Our best chance to ensure that these potential afflictions against our human rights , afflictions without proper due process and through collective punishment , is to make sure MPs stand up and show the Government that not passing bad law is the only outcome to not being able to discuss it and amend it properly .
Alas , wait !
What was that ?
Internet is not a human right ?
Who says so ?.
Well if we put aside for a moment that it is clearly , legally , not an enforceable right … are n’t there other factors ?
First is public opinion about internet access being a right .
Overwhelmingly the global populace believes internet access IS a fundamental right .
So while the Government may be able to petulantly claim that they are right in a legal sense , they are still legislating against the general mood of the public .
Normally this might be acceptable if it were “ for the public ’s own good ” , but in this case it is clearly only for the good of big business .
My personal feeling is that the internet is only not a right in the same way that being able to walk out of your house is not a right .
When I put this to twitter the response I got back from alexwilcock was : [ Digital Economy Bill ] penalties written by music biz are as if Thatcher brought in indefinite house arrest to stop home taping .
This goes along with a lot of feelings I ’ve had about how the internet is dealt with for a long time .
Is the internet a tool , or is it a “ virtual environment ” ?
I lean towards thinking the latter .
Reading blogs are like participating in group get - togethers , going to the BBC news site is like buying a newspaper , buying some shoes online is akin to taking a trip to your highstreet , emailing your parents only a step away from sending them a letter .
This duality is why it concerns me as to the prospect of the various points above coming in to fruition ; cynically I might ask “ what does it say about what our law makers would prefer they could do in the ‘ real world ’ ? ”
Take point 1 . OFCOM regulation .
It may be the case that it wo n’t go as far as the law wording would seemingly allow ( it is fairly vague , even after scouring the original Communications Act 2003 ) … but regulating blogs , youtube videos , podcasts is n’t the same as regulating the content that is broadcast on TV or through the radio , it ’s like a guy with a clipboard being present with you down the pub to ensure that no - one strays in to too risque a territory .
Then there ’s point 3 .
Would you appreciate being put under house arrest not because of any court determined guilt , but because of someone making accusations of copyright infringement against you for something that may or may not have occurred in your property at the time ?
Is it even remotely justified to put you under house arrest , to stop you from going to the library , to work , or to socialise with your friends because of those accusations alone ?
Or how about point 4 … how would you feel if the police were stopping you from accessing your local community centre because a single individual or organisation had threatened the local council in such a way that it is too much for the council to risk the financial cost of allowng it to continue functioning for the community ?
Imagine arriving at your local pub only to find it inaccessible to you , even though anyone that is visiting from another town can use it freely ; not for anything that you or your town have necessarily done , but because of the implications made by an individual in a completely unscrutinised manner ?
Finally , point 5 would be very interesting .
Could you imagine the police coming and turfing you out of a building you ’ve legitimately bought , and putting it back on the market without paying you a penny , simply because you knew it was in a good location and could make some money off of the future sale ?
Somehow I do n’t think that ’s all too likely !
Yet practices parallel to these are trying to be made law simply because what we ’re talking about are the highways of the internet instead of the highways of our local ward , town or city .
It ’s about time that we showed the Government that , just like our every day lives when not sat next to a computer , it is not acceptable to over - regulate and over - police the every day lives of our more “ virtual ” selves .
The internet is a part of this world now just as the roads and pavements are , and it ’s time to start acting proportionately to the problems and challenges that brings .
We already are lumped with a system that says that our every web page visit and email must be stored in a database “ for the children ” , yet if the government tried to pull a stunt like chipping us , recording every movement we make and storing every conversation we have with one another there would be nationwide uproar .
The Digital Economy Bill is a step back for all of us , and another shot in the foot for our very democracy ; a heavy handed approach to a relatively small issue .
So again , if you have n’t done so please write to your MP and let them know you simply want them to do their duty in representing you and protecting you against hastily crafted law that is n’t in your best interests .
If we ’re lucky then we may make sure that it is only the few uncontroversial parts of this law that make it on to the books .
Posted on March 25 , 2010
" Fanning The Flames " : Shot Fired At GOP Rep. Cantor 's VA Office
Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) announces a bullet was fired at his Virginia campaign office .
Cantor : " I want to stress this , and it ’s very important .
Legitimate threats should be treated as security issues .
And they should be dealt with by the appropriate law enforcement officials .
It is reckless to use these incidents as media vehicles for political gain .
That is why I have deep concerns that some , DCCC Chairman Chris Van Hollen and DNC Chairman Tim Kaine in particular , are dangerously fanning the flames by suggesting that these incidents be used as a political weapon . "
Learn you some Erlang for great good !
Hey there , it appears your Javascript is disabled .
That 's fine , the site works without it .
However , you might prefer reading it with syntax highlighting , which requires Javascript !
Functionally Solving Problems
Sounds like we 're ready to do something practical with all that Erlang juice we drank .
Nothing new is going to be shown but how to apply bits of what we 've seen before .
The problems in this chapter were taken from Miran 's Learn You a Haskell .
I decided to take the same solutions so curious readers can compare solutions in Erlang and Haskell as they wish .
If you do so , you might find the final results to be pretty similar for two languages with such different syntaxes .
This is because once you know functional concepts , they 're relatively easy to carry over to other functional languages .
Most people have learned to write arithmetic expressions with the operators in - between the numbers ( ( 2 + 2 ) / 5 ) .
This is how most calculators let you insert mathematical expressions and probably the notation you were taught to count with in school .
This notation has the downside of needing you to know about operator precedence : multiplication and division are more important ( have a higher precedence ) than addition and subtraction .
Another notation exists , called prefix notation or Polish notation , where the operator comes before the operands .
Under this notation , ( 2 + 2 ) / 5 would become (/ (+ 2 2 ) 5 ) .
If we decide to say + and / always take two arguments , then (/ (+ 2 2 ) 5 ) can simply be written as / + 2 2 5 .
However , we will instead focus on Reverse Polish notation ( or just RPN ) , which is the opposite of prefix notation : the operator follows the operands .
The same example as above in RPN would be written 2 2 + 5 / .
Other example expressions could be 9 * 5 + 7 or 10 * 2 * ( 3 + 4 ) / 2 which get translated to 9 5 * 7 + and 10 2 * 3 4 + * 2 / , respectively .
This notation was used a whole lot in early models of calculators as it would take little memory to use .
In fact some people still carry RPN calculators around .
We 'll write one of these .
First of all , it might be good to understand how to read RPN expressions .
One way to do it is to find the operators one by one and then regroup them with their operands by arity :
10 4 3 + 2 * - 10 ( 4 3 +) 2 * - 10 ( ( 4 3 +) 2 *) - ( 10 ( ( 4 3 + ) 2 *) -) ( 10 ( 7 2 *) -) ( 10 14 -) - 4
However , in the context of a computer or a calculator , a simpler way to do it is to make a stack of all the operands as we see them .
Taking the mathematical expression 10 4 3 + 2 * - , the first operand we see is 10 .
We add that to the stack .
Then there 's 4 , so we also push that on top of the stack .
In third place , we have 3 ; let 's push that one on the stack too .
Our stack should now look like this :
The next character to parse is a + .
That one is a function of arity 2 .
In order to use it we will need to feed it two operands , which will be taken from the stack :
So we take that 7 and push it back on top of the stack ( yuck , we do n't want to keep these filthy numbers floating around ! )
The stack is now [ 7,10 ] and what 's left of the expression is 2 * - .
We can take the 2 and push it on top of the stack .
We then see * , which needs two operands to work .
Again , we take them from the stack :
And push 14 back on top of our stack .
All that remains is - , which also needs two operands .
O Glorious luck !
There are two operands left in our stack .
Use them !
And so we have our result .
This stack - based approach is relatively fool - proof and the low amount of parsing needed to be done before starting to calculate results explains why it was a good idea for old calculators to use this .
There are other reasons to use RPN , but this is a bit out of the scope of this guide , so you might want to hit the Wikipedia article instead .
Writing this solution in Erlang is not too hard once we 've done the complex stuff .
It turns out the tough part is figuring out what steps need to be done in order to get our end result and we just did that .
Neat .
Open a file named calc.erl .
The first part to worry about is how we 're going to represent a mathematical expression .
To make things simple , we 'll probably input them as a string : " 10 4 3 + 2 * - " .
This string has whitespace , which is n't part of our problem - solving process , but is necessary in order to use a simple tokenizer .
What would be usable then is a list of terms of the form [ " 10 " , " 4 " , " 3 " , " + " , " 2 " , " * " , " - " ] after going through the tokenizer .
Turns out the function string : tokens / 2 does just that :
1> string : tokens ( " 10 4 3 + 2 * - " , " " ) . [ " 10 " , " 4 " , " 3 " , " + " , " 2 " , " * " , " - " ]
That will be a good representation for our expression .
The next part to define is the stack .
How are we going to do that ?
You might have noticed that Erlang 's lists act a lot like a stack .
Using the cons ( | ) operator in [ Head| Tail ] effectively behaves the same as pushing Head on top of a stack ( Tail , in this case ) .
Using a list for a stack will be good enough .
To read the expression , we just have to do the same as we did when solving the problem by hand .
Read each value from the expression , if it 's a number , put it on the stack .
If it 's a function , pop all the values it needs from the stack , then push the result back in .
To generalize , all we need to do is go over the whole expression as a loop only once and accumulate the results .
Sounds like the perfect job for a fold !
What we need to plan for is the function that lists : foldl / 3 will apply on every operator and operand of the expression .
This function , because it will be run in a fold , will need to take two arguments : the first one will be the element of the expression to work with and the second one will be the stack .
We can start writing our code in the calc.erl file .
We 'll write the function responsible for all the looping and also the removal of spaces in the expression :
- module ( calc ) . - export ( [ rpn/1 ] ) .
rpn( L ) when is_list ( L ) ->
[ Res ] = lists : foldl ( fun rpn/2 , [ ] , string : tokens ( L , " " ) ) , Res .
We 'll implement rpn/2 next .
Note that because each operator and operand from the expression ends up being put on top of the stack , the solved expression 's result will be on that stack .
We need to get that last value out of there before returning it to the user .
This is why we pattern match over [ Res ] and only return Res .
Alright , now to the harder part .
Our rpn /2 function will need to handle the stack for all values passed to it .
The head of the function will probably look like rpn( Op , Stack ) and its return value like [ NewVal| Stack ] .
When we get regular numbers , the operation will be :
rpn( X , Stack ) -> [ read ( X ) |Stack ] .
Here , read / 1 is a function that converts a string to an integer or floating point value .
Sadly , there is no built - in function to do this in Erlang ( only one or the other ) .
We 'll add it ourselves :
read ( N ) -> case string : to_float( N ) of {error , no_float} -> list_to_integer ( N ) ; { F , _} -> F end .
Where string : to_float / 1 does the conversion from a string such as " 13.37 " to its numeric equivalent .
However , if there is no way to read a floating point value , it returns {error , no_float} .
When that happens , we need to call list_to_integer / 1 instead .
Now back to rpn/2 .
The numbers we encounter all get added to the stack .
However , because our pattern matches on anything ( see Pattern Matching ) , operators will also get pushed on the stack .
To avoid this , we 'll put them all in preceding clauses .
The first one we 'll try this with is the addition :
rpn ( " + " , [ N1, N2|S ] ) -> [ N2+N1|S ] ; rpn( X , Stack ) -> [ read ( X ) |Stack ] .
We can see that whenever we encounter the " + " string , we take two numbers from the top of the stack ( N1 , N2 ) and add them before pushing the result back onto that stack .
This is exactly the same logic we applied when solving the problem by hand .
Trying the program we can see that it works :
1> c(calc ) .
{ok , calc} 2 > calc:rpn ( " 3 5 + " ) .
8 3 > calc:rpn ( " 7 3 + 5 + " ) .
15
The rest is trivial , as you just need to add all the other operators :
rpn ( " + " , [ N1, N2|S ] ) -> [ N2+N1|S ] ; rpn ( " - " , [ N1 , N2|S ] ) -> [ N2 - N1|S ] ; rpn ( " * " , [ N1, N2|S ] ) -> [ N2*N1|S ] ; rpn ( " / " , [ N1, N2|S ] ) -> [ N2/N1|S ] ; rpn ( " ^ " , [ N1 , N2|S ] ) -> [ math : pow ( N2,N1 ) |S ] ; rpn(" ln " , [ N|S ] ) -> [ math:log ( N ) |S ] ; rpn(" log10 " , [ N|S ] ) -> [ math:log10 ( N ) |S ] ; rpn(X , Stack ) -> [ read ( X ) |Stack ] .
Note that functions that take only one argument such as logarithms only need to pop one element from the stack .
It is left as an exercise to the reader to add functions such as ' sum ' or ' prod ' which return the sum of all the elements read so far or the products of them all .
To help you out , they are implemented in my version of calc.erl already .
To make sure this all works fine , we 'll write very simple unit tests .
Erlang 's = operator can act as an assertion function .
Assertions should crash whenever they encounter unexpected values , which is exactly what we need .
Of course , there are more advanced testing frameworks for Erlang , including Common Test and EUnit .
We 'll check them out later , but for now the basic = will do the job :
rpn_test ( ) -> 5 = rpn( " 2 3 + " ) , 87 = rpn( " 90 3 - " ) , - 4 = rpn( " 10 4 3 + 2 * - " ) , - 2.0 = rpn( " 10 4 3 + 2 * - 2 / " ) , ok = try rpn( " 90 34 12 33 55 66 + * - + " ) catch error : {badmatch , [ _|_] } -> ok end , 4037 = rpn(" 90 34 12 33 55 66 + * - + - " ) , 8.0 = rpn( " 2 3 ^ " ) , true = math : sqrt ( 2 ) == rpn ( " 2 0.5 ^ " ) , true = math : log ( 2.7 ) == rpn( " 2.7 ln " ) , true = math : log10 ( 2.7 ) == rpn( " 2.7 log10 " ) , 50 = rpn( " 10 10 10 20 sum " ) , 10.0 = rpn( " 10 10 10 20 sum 5 / " ) , 1000.0 = rpn( " 10 10 20 0.5 prod " ) , ok .
The test function tries all operations ; if there 's no exception raised , the tests are considered successful .
The first four tests check that the basic arithmetic functions work right .
The fifth test specifies behaviour I have not explained yet .
The try ... catch expects a badmatch error to be thrown because the expression can't work :
90 34 12 33 55 66 + * - + 90 ( 34 ( 12 ( 33 ( 55 66 + ) *) -) +)
At the end of rpn/1 , the values - 3947 and 90 are left on the stack because there is no operator to work on the 90 that hangs there .
Two ways to handle this problem are possible : either ignore it and only take the value on top of the stack ( which would be the last result calculated ) or crash because the arithmetic is wrong .
Given Erlang 's policy is to let it crash , it 's what was chosen here .
The part that actually crashes is the [ Res ] in rpn/1 .
That one makes sure only one element , the result , is left in the stack .
The few tests that are of the form true = FunctionCall1 == FunctionCall2 are there because you can't have a function call on the left hand side of = .
It still works like an assert because we compare the comparison 's result to true .
I 've also added the test cases for the sum and prod operators so you can exercise yourselves implementing them .
If all tests are successful , you should see the following :
1> c(calc ) . {ok , calc} 2 > calc:rpn_test ( ) . ok 3 > calc:rpn ( " 1 2 ^ 2 2 ^ 3 2 ^ 4 2 ^ sum 2 - " ) .
28.0
Where 28 is indeed equal to sum( 1² + 2 ² + 3 ² + 4 ² ) - 2 .
Try as many of them as you wish .
One thing that could be done to make our calculator better would be to make sure it raises badarith errors when it crashes because of unknown operators or values left on the stack , rather than our current badmatch error .
It would certainly make debugging easier for the user of the calc module .
Our next problem is also taken from Learn You a Haskell .
You 're on a plane due to land at Heathrow airport in the next hours .
You have to get to London as fast as possible ; your rich uncle is dying and you want to be the first there to claim dibs on his estate .
There are two roads going from Heathrow to London and a bunch of smaller streets linking them together .
Because of speed limits and usual traffic , some parts of the roads and smaller streets take longer to drive on than others .
Before you land , you decide to maximize your chances by finding the optimal path to his house .
Here 's the map you 've found on your laptop :
Having become a huge fan of Erlang after reading online books , you decide to solve the problem using that language .
To make it easier to work with the map , you enter data the following way in a file named road .
txt :
50 10 30 5 90 20 40 2 25 10 8 0
The road is laid in the pattern : A1 , B1 , X1 , A2 , B2 , X2 , ... , An , Bn , Xn , where X is one of the roads joining the A side to the B side of the map .
We insert a 0 as the last X segment , because no matter what we do we 're at our destination already .
Data can probably be organized in tuples of 3 elements ( triples ) of the form { A , B , X} .
The next thing you realize is that it 's worth nothing to try to solve this problem in Erlang when you do n't know how to solve it by hand to begin with .
In order to do this , we 'll use what recursion taught us .
When writing a recursive function , the first thing to do is to find our base case .
For our problem at hand , this would be if we had only one tuple to analyze , that is , if we only had to choose between A , B ( and crossing X , which in this case is useless because we 're at destination ) :
Then the choice is only between picking which of path A or path B is the shortest .
If you 've learned your recursion right , you know that we ought to try and converge towards the base case .
This means that on each step we 'll take , we 'll want to reduce the problem to choosing between A and B for the next step .
Let 's extend our map and start over :
Ah !
It gets interesting !
How can we reduce the triple { 5,1,3} to a strict choice between A and B ?
Let 's see how many options are possible for A .
To get to the intersection of A1 and A2 ( I 'll call this the point A1 ) , I can either take road A1 directly ( 5 ) , or come from B1 ( 1 ) and then cross over X1 ( 3 ) .
In this case , The first option ( 5 ) is longer than the second one ( 4 ) .
For the option A , the shortest path is [ B , X ] .
So what are the options for B ?
You can either proceed from A1 ( 5 ) then cross over X1 ( 3 ) , or strictly take the path B1 ( 1 ) .
Alright !
What we 've got is a length 4 with the path [ B , X ] towards the first intersection A and a length 1 with the path [ B ] towards the intersection of B1 and B2 .
We then have to decide what to pick between going to the second point A ( the intersection of A2 and the endpoint or X2 ) and the second point B ( intersection of B2 and X2 ) .
To make a decision , I suggest we do the same as before .
Now you do n't have much choice but to obey , given I 'm the guy writing this text .
Here we go !
All possible paths to take in this case can be found in the same way as the previous one .
We can get to the next point A by either taking the path A2 from [ B , X ] , which gives us a length of 14 ( 14 = 4 + 10 ) , or by taking B2 then X2 from [ B ] , which gives us a length of 16 ( 16 = 1 + 15 + 0 ) .
In this case , the path [ B , X , A ] is better than [ B , B , X ] .
We can also get to the next point B by either taking the path A2 from [ B , X ] and then crossing over X2 for a length of 14 ( 14 = 4 + 10 + 0 ) , or by taking the road B2 from [ B ] for a length of 16 ( 16 = 1 + 15 ) .
Here , the best path is to pick the first option , [ B , X , A , X ] .
So when this whole process is done , we 're left with two paths , A or B , both of length 14 .
Either of them is the right one .
The last selection will always have two paths of the same length , given the last X segment has a length 0 .
By solving our problem recursively , we 've made sure to always get the shortest path at the end .
Not too bad , eh ?
Subtly enough , we 've given ourselves the basic logical parts we need to build a recursive function .
You can implement it if you want , but I promised we would have very few recursive functions to write ourselves .
We 'll use a fold .
Note : while I have shown folds being used and constructed with lists , folds represent a broader concept of iterating over a data structure with an accumulator .
As such , folds can be implemented over trees , dictionaries , arrays , database tables , etc .
It is sometimes useful when experimenting to use abstractions like maps and folds ; they make it easier to later change the data structure you use to work with your own logic .
So where were we ?
Ah , yes !
We had the file we 're going to feed as input ready .
To do file manipulations , the file module is our best tool .
It contains many functions common to many programming languages in order to deal with files themselves ( setting permissions , moving files around , renaming and deleting them , etc . )
It also contains the usual functions to read and / or write from files such as : file : open / 2 and file : close / 1 to do as their names say ( opening and closing files ! ) , file : read / 2 to get the content a file ( either as string or a binary ) , file : read_line / 1 to read a single line , file : position / 3 to move the pointer of an open file to a given position , etc .
There 's a bunch of shortcut functions in there too , such as file : read_file / 1 ( opens and reads the contents as a binary ) , file : consult / 1 ( opens and parses a file as Erlang terms ) or file : pread / 2 ( changes a position and then reads ) and pwrite / 2 ( changes the position and writes content ) .
With all these choices available , it 's going to be easy to find a function to read our road .
txt file .
Because we know our road is relatively small , we 're going to call file : read_file ( " road.txt " ) .' :
1 > {ok , Binary} = file : read_file ( " road.txt " ) .
{ok , <<" 50\r
10\r
30\r
5\r
90\r
20\r
40\r
2\r
25\r
10\r
8\r
0\r
" >>} 2 > S = string : tokens ( binary_to_list ( Binary ) , " \r
\t " ) . [ " 50 " , " 10 " , " 30 " , " 5 " , " 90 " , " 20 " , " 40 " , " 2 " , " 25 " , " 10 " , " 8 " , " 0 " ]
Note that in this case , I added a space ( " " ) and a tab ( " \t " ) to the valid tokens so the file could have been written in the form " 50 10 30 5 90 20 40 2 25 10 8 0 " too .
Given that list , we 'll need to transform the strings into integers .
We 'll use a similar manner to what we used in our RPN calculator :
3 > [ list_to_integer ( X ) || X <- S ] . [ 50,10,30,5,90,20,40,2,25,10,8,0 ]
Let 's start a new module called road.erl and write this logic down :
- module ( road ) . - compile ( export_all ) . main ( ) ->
File = " road.txt " , {ok , Bin} = file : read_file ( File ) , parse_map ( Bin ) . parse_map ( Bin ) when is_binary ( Bin ) -> parse_map( binary_to_list ( Bin ) ) ; parse_map ( Str ) when is_list ( Str ) -> [ list_to_integer ( X ) || X <- string : tokens ( Str , " \r
\t " ) ] .
The function main / 0 is here responsible for reading the content of the file and passing it on to parse_map / 1 .
Because we use the function file : read_file / 1 to get the contents out of road .
txt , the result we obtain is a binary .
For this reason , I 've made the function parse_map / 1 match on both lists and binaries .
In the case of a binary , we just call the function again with the string being converted to a list ( our function to split the string works on lists only . )
The next step in parsing the map would be to regroup the data into the { A , B , X} form described earlier .
Sadly , there 's no simple generic way to pull elements from a list 3 at a time , so we 'll have to pattern match our way in a recursive function in order to do it :
group_vals ( [ ] , Acc ) -> lists:reverse( Acc ) ; group_vals ( [ A , B, X|Rest ] , Acc ) -> group_vals ( Rest , [ { A , B, X} | Acc ] ) .
That function works in a standard tail - recursive manner ; there 's nothing too complex going on here .
We 'll just need to call it by modifying parse_map / 1 a bit :
parse_map ( Bin ) when is_binary ( Bin ) -> parse_map( binary_to_list ( Bin ) ) ; parse_map ( Str ) when is_list ( Str ) -> Values = [ list_to_integer ( X ) || X <- string : tokens ( Str , " \r
\t " ) ] , group_vals ( Values , [ ] ) .
If we try and compile it all , we should now have a road that makes sense :
1> c( road ) .
{ok , road} 2 > road : main ( ) .
[ { 50,10,30} , {5,90,20} , {40,2,25} , {10,8,0} ]
Ah yes , that looks right .
We get the blocks we need to write our function that will then fit in a fold .
For this to work , finding a good accumulator is necessary .
To decide what to use as an accumulator , the method I find the easiest to use is to imagine myself in the middle of the algorithm while it runs .
For this specific problem , I 'll imagine that I 'm currently trying to find the shortest path of the second triple ( { 5,90,20} ) .
To decide on which path is the best , I need to have the result from the previous triple .
Luckily , we know how to do it , because we do n't need an accumulator and we got all that logic out already .
So for A :
And take the shortest of these two paths .
For B , it was similar :
So now we know that the current best path coming from A is [ B , X ] .
We also know it has a length of 40 .
For B , the path is simply [ B ] and the length is 10 .
We can use this information to find the next best paths for A and B by reapplying the same logic , but counting the previous ones in the expression .
The other data we need is the path traveled so we can show it to the user .
Given we need two paths ( one for A and one for B ) and two accumulated lengths , our accumulator can take the form { {DistanceA , PathA} , { DistanceB , PathB}} .
That way , each iteration of the fold has access to all the state and we build it up to show it to the user in the end .
This gives us all the parameters our function will need : the {A , B , X} triples and an accumulator of the form { {DistanceA , PathA} , { DistanceB , PathB}} .
Putting this into code in order to get our accumulator can be done the following way :
shortest_step ( {A , B, X} , { {DistA , PathA} , { DistB , PathB}} ) -> OptA1 = { DistA + A , [ {a , A}|PathA]} , OptA2 = { DistB + B + X , [ {x , X} , {b , B}|PathB ] } , OptB1 = { DistB + B , [ {b , B}|PathB]} , OptB2 = { DistA + A + X , [ {x , X} , {a , A}|PathA]} , {erlang : min( OptA1 , OptA2 ) , erlang : min( OptB1 , Opt B2 ) } .
Here , OptA1 gets the first option for A ( going through A ) , OptA2 the second one ( going through B then X ) .
The variables OptB1 and OptB2 get the similar treatment for point B. Finally , we return the accumulator with the paths obtained .
About the paths saved in the code above , note that I decided to use the form [ {x , X} ] rather than [ x ] for the simple reason that it might be nice for the user to know the length of each segment .
The other thing I 'm doing is that I 'm accumulating the paths backwards ( {x , X} comes before {b , B} . )
This is because we 're in a fold , which is tail recursive : the whole list is reversed , so it is necessary to put the last one traversed before the others .
Finally , I use erlang : min / 2 to find the shortest path .
It might sound weird to use such a comparison function on tuples , but remember that every Erlang term can be compared to any other !
Because the length is the first element of the tuple , we can sort them that way .
What 's left to do is to stick that function into a fold :
optimal_path ( Map ) ->
{ A , B} = lists : foldl ( fun shortest_step / 2 , { {0 , [ ]} , { 0 , [ ]}} , Map ) , {_Dist , Path} = if hd( element ( 2 , A ) ) =/= { x,0} -> A ; hd( element ( 2 , B ) ) =/= { x,0} -> B end , lists : reverse( Path ) .
At the end of the fold , both paths should end up having the same distance , except one 's going through the final {x,0} segment .
The if looks at the last visited element of both paths and returns the one that does n't go through { x,0} .
Picking the path with the fewest steps ( compare with length / 1 ) would also work .
Once the shortest one has been selected , it is reversed ( it was built in a tail - recursive manner ; you must reverse it ) .
You can then display it to the world , or keep it secret and get your rich uncle 's estate .
To do that , you have to modify the main function to call optimal_path / 1 .
Then it can be compiled .
main ( ) ->
File = " road.txt " , {ok , Bin} = file : read_file ( File ) , optimal_path ( parse_map ( Bin ) ) .
Oh , look !
We 've got the right answer !
Great Job !
1> c( road ) .
{ok , road} 2 > road : main ( ) . [ { b,10} , {x,30} , {a,5} , {x,20} , {b,2} , {b,8} ]
Or , to put it in a visual way :
But you know what would be really useful ?
Being able to run our program from outside the Erlang shell .
We 'll need to change our main function again :
main ( [ FileName ] ) -> {ok , Bin} = file : read_file( FileName ) , Map = parse_map ( Bin ) , io : format ( " ~p~n " , [optimal_path ( Map ) ] ) , erlang : halt ( ) .
The main function now has an arity of 1 , needed to receive parameters from the command line .
I 've also added the function erlang : halt / 0 , which will shut down the Erlang VM after being called .
I 've also wrapped the call to optimal_path / 1 into io : format / 2 because that 's the only way to have the text visible outside the Erlang shell .
With all of this , your road.erl file should now look like this ( minus comments ) :
- module ( road ) . - compile ( export_all ) . main ( [ FileName ] ) -> {ok , Bin} = file : read_file( FileName ) , Map = parse_map ( Bin ) , io : format ( " ~p~n " , [optimal_path ( Map ) ] ) , erlang : halt ( 0 ) . %%
Transform a string into a readable map of triples parse_map ( Bin ) when is_binary ( Bin ) -> parse_map( binary_to_list ( Bin ) ) ; parse_map ( Str ) when is_list ( Str ) -> Values = [ list_to_integer ( X ) || X <- string : tokens ( Str , " \r
\t " ) ] , group_vals ( Values , [ ] ) .
group_vals ([ ] , Acc ) -> lists:reverse( Acc ) ; group_vals ( [ A , B, X|Rest ] , Acc ) -> group_vals ( Rest , [ { A , B, X} | Acc ] ) . %%
Picks the best of all paths , woo ! optimal_path ( Map ) ->
{ A , B} = lists : foldl ( fun shortest_step / 2 , { {0 , [ ]} , { 0 , [ ]}} , Map ) , {_Dist , Path} = if hd( element ( 2 , A ) ) =/= { x,0} -> A ; hd( element ( 2 , B ) ) =/= { x,0} -> B end , lists : reverse( Path ) . % % actual problem solving % % change triples of the form { A , B , X} % % where A , B , X are distances and a , b , x are possible paths % % to the form { DistanceSum , PathList} .
shortest_step ( {A , B, X} , { {DistA , PathA} , { DistB , PathB}} ) -> OptA1 = { DistA + A , [ {a , A}|PathA]} , OptA2 = { DistB + B + X , [ {x , X} , {b , B}|PathB ] } , OptB1 = { DistB + B , [ {b , B}|PathB]} , OptB2 = { DistA + A + X , [ {x , X} , {a , A}|PathA]} , {erlang : min( OptA1 , OptA2 ) , erlang : min( OptB1 , Opt B2 ) } .
And running the code :
$ erlc road.erl $ erl - noshell - run road main road .
txt [ { b,10} , {x,30} , {a,5} , {x,20} , {b,2} , {b,8} ]
And yep , it 's right !
It 's pretty much all you need to do to get things to work .
You could make yourself a bash / batch file to wrap the line into a single executable , or you could check out escript to get similar results .
As we 've seen with these two exercises , solving problems is much easier when you break them off in small parts that you can solve individually before piecing everything together .
It 's also not worth much to go ahead and program something without understanding it .
Finally , a few tests are always appreciated .
They 'll let you make sure everything works fine and will let you change the code without changing the results at the end .
Bill Kristol Says Kill Health - Care Reform ( Obamarama Remix )
Bill Kristol has some advice for Republicans .
" With Obamacare on the ropes , there will be a temptation for opponents to let up on their criticism , and to try to appear constructive , or at least responsible , " he writes .
" My advice , for what it 's worth : Resist the temptation .
This is no time to pull punches .
Go for the kill . "
Yawn .
This is like saying that Keith Richards still can't get no satisfaction , or that the much - missed Rodney Dangerfield would appreciate a bit more respect .
It 's useful to remember here that Kristol is less a pundit than an operative .
His job is n't to give his opinion .
It 's to give this opinion .
And hes been giving this opinion , in almost exactly these words , since 1994 .
The fact that Kristol is an operative , however , does n't make him a wrong operative .
In the 1990s , Kristol correctly understood that passage of the plan would " revive the reputation of the party that spends and regulates , the Democrats , as the generous protector of middle - class interests . "
He also understood that destroying Bill Clinton 's health - care reform effort was the GOP 's path to victory in the 1994 midterm elections .
And so it was .
The argument is much the same this year .
And Kristol is n't alone in his question .
As Sen. Jim DeMint said on a recent conference call with Conservatives for Patient Rights , " If we ’re able to stop Obama on this , it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him . "
But the question is n't whether Republicans understand the power of successful opposition .
It 's whether Democrats understand the dangers of failure .
And that 's most true for the Democrats who are most likely to weaken the effort :
The Democrats who are cool to health - care reform because they fear the conservative tilt of their state are the Democrats who will lose their seats if Obama loses his momentum and the Democratic majority begins to lose on its major initiatives .
Legislative defeats will not threaten Henry Waxman 's seat .
But it will imperil Mary Landrieu's .
And Ben Nelson's .
Bill Kristol is right that defeating Obama 's health - care plan is a first step for Republicans who want to pick off vulnerable Democrats in the 2010 midterms .
But the converse is also true : Passing health - care reform is the first step for vulnerable Democrats who want to save their seats .
Photo credit : AP Photo / Morry Gash .
All images that appear on the site are copyright of their respective owners .
If you own the rights to any of the images and do not wish them to appear on the site please let us know and they will be promptly removed .
It was a clarifying event , but , unfortunately for those seeking bipartisanship , it was n't a unifying one .
Not only did President Obama 's daylong healthcare summit illustrate the deep divisions between Democrats and Republicans , but it also showed that healthcare legislation is hanging by a thread .
Obama convened the summit at Blair House as a last - ditch effort to find compromise on the Democrats ' proposed $ 1 trillion , 10 - year overhaul .
But all sides — three dozen leaders of both parties crammed around a hollow square table — frequently resorted to talking points in what was often a serious but tedious example of political theater .
" We all know that this is urgent , " President Obama said in opening the proceedings , adding that the healthcare system represents " one of the biggest drags on our economy . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said , " Inaction and incrementalism are simply unacceptable . "
The basic Democratic bill is a complex rewrite of existing law designed to extend coverage to 30 million uninsured people .
It includes requiring most Americans to get health insurance and provides subsidies for many in the form of tax credits .
But Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , the second - ranking House Republican , countered , " We have a very difficult gap to bridge here .
We just ca n't afford this . "
GOP Sen .
Lamar Alexander of Tennessee urged taking a series of small steps , such as expanding health savings accounts and altering rules on medical malpractice .
The seven - hour talkathon , was civil but at times sharp - edged .
Arizona Sen .
John McCain , the 2008 GOP presidential nominee , chided Obama for breaking a promise to conduct healthcare negotiations on C - SPAN from the start and for allowing special interests to hold sway .
" We 're not campaigning anymore , " Obama replied .
" The election 's over . "
He urged McCain to drop the " talking points " and focus on " how we actually get a bill done . "
After the summit was over , little had changed .
Obama asked the GOP to do some " soul searching " about how to cover the uninsured and how to improve the system by working with Democrats .
But he said " baby steps " would n't be enough and admitted that the gap between the parties might be too big to bridge .
White House officials said that they would probably take some time to evaluate the situation and that if there is no accommodation , congressional Democrats are likely to proceed without any GOP help .
Obama said all sides will have to do what they think is best and defend their decisions to the voters .
" That 's what elections are for , " he said .
The administration might try a scaled - back bill or might still push for a comprehensive measure using a Senate procedure called " reconciliation . "
This would require only a simple 51 - vote majority and avoid the 60 - vote requirement to end a filibuster .
And Democrats have begun a major push to persuade voters that this process is fair and justified as they prepare a final push to enact healthcare legislation .
" In their drive to paint passing legislation with a simple majority as radical , Republicans want you to forget that they have used reconciliation to pass major pieces of legislation including the $ 1.8 trillion Bush tax cut with a simple majority in the past , " said Democratic National Committee spokesman Hari Sevugan in an E - mail to reporters this morning .
And yesterday , White House healthcare adviser Nancy - Ann DeParle suggested on NBC's " Meet the Press " that the administration may be moving toward using reconciliation in the next few weeks .
President Obama is expected to announce his intentions in the next few days .
" Healthcare reform has already passed both the House and the Senate with not only a majority in the Senate but a supermajority , " DeParle said .
" And we 're not talking about changing any rules here . "
Republicans say using reconciliation to enact a final compromise would be an unfair tactic that would amount to jamming the bill through Congress without adequate support .
Rep. Eric Cantor , a Virginia Republican and a House leader , told NBC that if the Democrats use the tactic to pass the healthcare bill on party lines -- which is the likely outcome under reconciliation -- they will " lose their majority in Congress in November . "
Iran is poised to begin producing nuclear weapons after its uranium program expansion in 2009 , even though it has had problems with thousands of its centrifuges , according to a newly released CIA report .
“ Iran continues to develop a range of capabilities that could be applied to producing nuclear weapons , if a decision is made to do so , ” the annual report to Congress states .
A U.S. official involved in countering weapons proliferation said the Iranians are “ keeping the door open to the possibility of building a nuclear weapon . ”
“ That ’s in spite of strong international pressure not to do so , and some difficulties they themselves seem to be having with their nuclear program , ” the official said .
“ There are powerful incentives for them to close the door completely , but they are either purposefully ignoring them or are tone deaf .
You almost want to shout , ‘ Tune in Tehran . ’ ”
The CIA report is the latest official study expressing concern over Iran ’s continuing nuclear activities .
The International Atomic Energy Agency on March 3 issued a report warning that continuing nuclear activities in violation of U.N. resolutions raise “ concerns about the possible existence in Iran of past or current undisclosed activities related to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile . ”
OTHER TWT STORIES :
• U.S. , Russia hit language barrier in pact
• Health care votes fuel fund - raising pitches
• Volunteer force of Mexico border watchers disbands
• PRUDEN : Shunning the party of whiners
The U.S. report was produced by the CIA Weapons Intelligence , Nonproliferation and Arms Control Center , known as WINPAC .
It is called the 721 report for the section of a 1997 intelligence authorization law requiring it .
The report also says that North Korea , based on a nuclear test in May 2009 , now “ has the capability to produce nuclear weapons with a yield of roughly a couple of kilotons TNT equivalent . ”
A kiloton is a measure of a nuclear bomb ’s power and is equal to 1,000 tons of TNT .
On Iran , the report says that it is “ keeping open ” its options for building nuclear arms , “ though we do not know whether Tehran eventually will decide to produce nuclear weapons . ”
The report reflects the published conclusion of a controversial 2007 National Intelligence Estimate that stated Iran had halted work on nuclear weapons in 2003 .
The report , posted on the Office of the Director of National Intelligence Web site , was written before a new National Intelligence Estimate on Iran ’s nuclear program , which is nearing completion and is expected to revise the earlier estimate , although details have not been disclosed .
According to the report , Iran expanded nuclear infrastructure and uranium enrichment in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions that since 2006 have called on Tehran to halt the enrichment .
During the first 11 months of last year , the main uranium - enrichment facility at Natanz produced about 1.8 tons of low - enriched uranium hexafluoride , compared with about half a ton the previous year .
The number of centrifuges at Natanz increased from about 5,000 to 8,700 last year , although the number reported to be working is about 3,900 , indicating the Iranians are having problems with the machines .
The centrifuges enrich uranium gas by spinning it at high speeds .
Last year , Iran disclosed it is building a second gas - centrifuge plant near the city of Qom that will house an estimated 3,000 machines .
U.S. officials have said the Qom facility , which was discovered in 2007 , is a clear sign Iran ’s nuclear program is geared toward producing weapons , because the facility is too small for nonmilitary uranium enrichment .
Iran also continued work last year on a heavy water research reactor .
On missiles , the report said Iran is building more short - and medium - range ballistic missiles and stated that “ producing more capable medium - range ballistic missiles remains one of its highest priorities . ”
Three test flights of a new 1,240 - mile - range Sejil missile were conducted in 2009 , the report said , noting that assistance from China , North Korea and Russia “ helped move Iran toward self - sufficiency in the production of ballistic missiles . ”
The report also said that Iran has the capability of producing both chemical and biological weapons , and Tehran continued to seek dual - use technology for its bioweapons program .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Mr Björgólfsson , whose wealth has fallen from $ 3.5 bn ( £ 2.3 bn ) at its peak to $ 1bn last year according to Forbes , denies any wrongdoing in relation to the crash in the new film , Maybe I Should Have .
The documentary has been shown in Icelandic cinemas and was brought to Britain last week by its director , Gunnar Sigurdsson , whose attempt to trace the billions lost in the banks takes him to London , Guernsey , Luxembourg and the British Virgin Islands .
Translated from Swedish : Muslim taxi drivers blocked the entire Oslo
Muslim taxi drivers blocked the entire Oslo 1000 taxis were stopped in the night – in protest against the Muhammad cartoons
Notices went out last night on the taxi radio .
All drivers who opposed the Norwegian Dagbladet publication of the Muhammad cartoons would put the car between two and four at night .
At three o’clock had 1 000 Muslim taxi drivers gathered .
It was hard to get somewhere in the middle of Oslo between two and four at night .
A thousand drivers
When the Norwegian NRK was in place at three o’clock , almost 1 000 Muslim taxi drivers parked their cars inside the city center to protest against the Dagbladet printed caricatures of Muhammad .
It was last Wednesday that Dagbladet had caricatures of the Prophet on its front page , as an illustration to a text that security police had linked to the controversial cartoons on its website .
“ Misuse of freedom of expression ”
The publication aroused anger among the Muslim taxi drivers , who decided to show its position .
– It is the abuse of free speech , we are reacting against .
We do not do anything drastic , but we want to show that we are opposed to what we hold sacred being misused , “ said one of the drivers , Munir Rashad to VG Nett .
The protest was peaceful until the police confined themselves to ensure that there was a clear passage for emergency vehicles .
Skype has announced that it has published the source code for its SILK audio codec , introduced last year , which the company uses in its internet telephony applications for Windows and Mac OS X. Daniel Berg , Skype ’s Chief Technology Officer said " This represents a key step in the development of an international standard for a wideband codec for use on the Internet , " .
The release of the source code comes as part of Skype 's recent submission of an an Internet Draft to the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) .
According to the announcement post on the Skype blog , the SILK audio codec is the result of three years of development and " enables super - wideband audio and optimises call quality , even in low network bandwidth environments " .
It also reportedly uses 50 % less network bandwidth than previously required to transmit audio over the network .
Berg says that the developers focused on four things during the development of the codec , including improving audio bandwidth from 8 kHz to 12 kHz , real - time bandwidth scalability to deal with various network conditions and " balancing codec optimisation between voice , music and background noise " .
The company 's fourth goal was to be able to deliver " a more consistent audio experience , regardless of network conditions and an individual ’s voice signature " .
The SILK source code is licensed for non-commercial use and is intended for " internal evaluation and testing purposes only " .
Companies wanting to use the codec for commercial products must request a SILK IP License ( requires registration ) .
See also :
( crve )
A scientist has ruled out claims a Sydney surfer was attacked by a great white shark this morning , pinpointing the attacker as the usually docile , bottom - dwelling wobbegong .
Paul Welsh , 46 , was attacked while teaching his 10 - year - old son to surf about 8 am AEDT at the Mona Vale Basin on Sydney 's Northern Beaches .
Mr Welsh said he had to cling to a rock to fight off the animal , which had latched onto his leg .
" I just felt something grab my leg and it tried to pull me under , as they do , and I just grabbed a rock so it was n't going to pull me under , " he said .
" I just kicked as hard as I could and it opened up its jaws and let me go .
Obviously I was n't the right food , so I live to fight another day .
" I did n't see it [ but ] my son said he saw it before , which he obviously did n't tell me and he waited for dad to get bitten .
" Rather me than him , because it probably would have taken his leg off . "
By the time his wife had driven him to hospital , Mr Welsh had already sold his story to Channel Nine News .
Channel Seven later bought video footage of the aftermath of the attack .
Shark spotter Michael Brown told reporters he had witnessed the ordeal while swimming with his own son just 30 metres away .
Mr Brown , who has been pushing for greater protections against sharks , said the animal that bit Mr Welsh appeared to be a two - metre great white , by the look of its tail .
" [ He ] just had a big bite mark in his leg and blood just streaming out of it , " he told the ABC .
" I 'm quite shaken and I spend my life researching , following and working with sharks , but to be that close to an actual attack and to be faced with the fact that it could 've been my child , it 's definitely had a life - changing impact .
There 's no two ways about that . "
The victim was released from hospital around midday after doctors found a tooth fragment in his leg .
Stirring shark fears
The beach was closed as a helicopter searched for the shark , but it was left to a scientist to find out the truth .
Tests by a biologist confirmed the fragment came from a 1.6 - metre-long wobbegong , a shark not usually associated with aggression or attacks , unless it is stepped on .
Mr Brown has stirred fears about sharks in Sydney in the past .
After three attacks in the city last summer , he accused the NSW Government of ignoring warnings that shark numbers were on the rise .
Today he told reporters an increasing number of sharks were being spotted on the Northern Beaches .
But NSW Primary Industries Minister Steve Whan has questioned Mr Brown 's integrity in light of this afternoon 's revelation .
" It certainly was n't a great white shark and I think you 'd not have to know too much about sharks to actually know the difference , " he said .
" A wobbegong shark is brown .
It tends to dwell on the bottom , it does n't come in from the top and really I think that 's perhaps being generous to the panic of the situation .
" It does n't fill you with confidence , does it ? "
Mr Brown runs SurfWatch Australia , a small voluntary shark patrolling organisation that charges people at least $ 50 to come along for the helicopter ride .
This Memorial Day if you are looking to honour our troop there are many meaningful gestures which can help .
These gestures are not exactly expensive but can be a great way to teach your kids about giving back .
Donate to the USO
Since 1941 , United Service Organizations are lifting peoples spirits and organizing fun activities for the troops to help lift their spirits .
The USO helps support kids in military families and to give them the right education .
Send care packages
Soldiers are humans and miss their homes and you can help put a smile on some soldiers face by sending him a care package .
You can stack it full of snacks , toiletries , to help them with their work .
If you cannot stay in regular contact with a soldier you can also donate money to organizations who can help build their own individual package for you .
Donate Technologies
You can also donate technologies like cell phones , etc .
This can help give soldier a way to contact his or her family .
You can also donate music players , digital cameras , etc .
Any piece of technology which can come in handy .
Give them gift cards or calling cards
There are many shops where you can specifically buy a calling gift card to be directly given to the person you want .
This can help troops who are serving overseas to make use of them to call their loved ones and inform them about their well being .
Write a
Thank you note
This is one of the most significant gift you can give to a soldier .
This can help put a smile on a soldier ’s face .
Also , this is a great opportunity for you to help your child write a letter .
It is cheap and helps boost the confidence of the soldier as well .
You can sen it to organizations who are tying to help soldiers who need some help in their growth .
Send a home made crafts
One thing more expensive than any gift is a home made craft which is a gesture of importance for your troops .
You can allow your children ’s imagination go wild and you can also help them make some patriotic images of the soldiers and fill them in any craft manner as possible .
Donate your wedding gowns
If your wedding gown is collecting dust and just taking up a lot of space .
You can donate it , this dress will be used as a wedding gown to help a military bride walk down the aisle .
This reduces the financial burden of wedding dress shopping .
Also , they have a very strict policy of gowns to be donated as bride want something which is good and is of good quality and puffy sleeves are a big no -no .
CINCINNATI -- Terrell Owens headed to Cincinnati on Tuesday to see if the Bengals are interested in adding him to their stalled - out passing game .
Receiver Chad Ochocinco has been lobbying for the Bengals to sign Owens since the end of last season , when the Bengals ' passing game lacked a deep threat .
" There 's always been the speculation and perception out there [ about coming to Cincinnati ] and Chad kick - started it and lobbied to have me here as a teammate and I welcome it with open arms , " Owens said , according to the Cincinnati Enquirer .
The newspaper reported that Owens had dinner with the coaching staff Tuesday night and would visit the Bengals offices on Wednesday .
Owens told WKRC - TV in Cincinnati that he would welcome playing with Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer .
The 36 - year - old had tweeted earlier in the day that he was on his way to Cincinnati from Los Angeles .
" En route [ at ] Natti land ! ! "
Owens tweeted .
" i'll let u guys know how the mtg went !
Cn't go 2 bad considering the pursuit of tht Lombardi shiny thing ! ! "
The Bengals went 10 - 6 and won the AFC North last season by relying on their defense and their running game .
They lost to the New York Jets in their first playoff game since 2005 , struggling to move the ball .
Cincinnati needs at least one proven receiver after releasing Laveranues Coles , who lasted only one season with the Bengals .
Receiver Matt Jones , who was out of the NFL last season after Jacksonville released him for off - field problems , has signed a one - year deal with the Bengals .
It 's unclear whether they have much interest in Owens , whose production declined each of the last two seasons with Dallas and Buffalo .
Former Tampa Bay receiver Antonio Bryant was in Cincinnati on Tuesday .
Owens , a six - time Pro Bowl receiver , had 69 catches for 1,052 yards and 10 touchdowns with Dallas in 2008 , and dropped off to 55 catches for 829 yards with five touchdowns last season in Buffalo .
Owens and Ochocinco are represented by agent Drew Rosenhaus , who did n't return a phone message Tuesday .
Rosenhaus told Sirius NFL Radio on Friday night that he had talked to the Bengals about Owens , but was n't sure where the team was headed .
Ochocinco tweeted on Tuesday night that he is ready for Owens to join the Bengals .
" Man it dont take that damn long to sign on the dotted line , lets go damit !!!
You can be Batman i will be Robin , lets go ! ! " he said .
Bryant had career highs with 83 catches for 1,248 yards and seven touchdowns in 2008 with Tampa Bay .
He needed surgery for torn cartilage in his left knee during training camp last year , and was bothered by pain in the knee all season .
He finished with 39 catches for 600 yards and four touchdowns .
Cincinnati's passing offense finished 26th in the league last season even though Palmer was back from an elbow injury .
The Bengals did n't have a reliable third - down receiver -- T.J. Houshmandzadeh left as a free agent for Seattle before last season -- and Coles failed to blend into the offense .
The Bengals also lacked a deep threat after Chris Henry got hurt .
Henry later died in a fall from a truck during a domestic dispute .
Getting a receiver and a tight end are among the team 's top priorities in free agency and the draft .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
A ban on headscarves for city council workers and in all institutions and clubs which get local authority money will be the most important point in the PVV´s negotiations to join governing coalitions in Almere and the Hague , says party leader Geert Wilders .
Speaking to RTL news ,
Wilders said the ban would be central to talks to form new local authority executives in the only two cities where the party is contesting the March 3 local elections .
The ban will apply to ‘ all council offices and all other institutions and clubs which get even one cent of council money , ’ he said .
The PVV is tipped to emerge as the biggest party in Almere and second biggest in the Hague .
Speech
Wilders brought up the ban again in a speech to supporters in Almere , where he entered the room to the Rocky theme tune Eye of the Tiger .
The ban will not apply to other religious items such as Christian crosses and Jewish skull caps because these are symbols of our own Dutch culture , Wilders said in his speech , receiving a standing ovation from the crowd .
The speech began with a ‘ lengthy tirade ’ against the ‘ arrogant Labour party ’ , according to the Volkskrant report of the meeting .
‘ If you translate the PvdA ’s Arabic language election brochures they say ‘ bring your family here .
You get benefits , we pay for everything ’ , the Volkskrant quoted the PVV leader as saying .
‘ Almere must become the safest city in the Netherlands , ’ he said .
‘ There will be an end to subsidies for Turkish macramé and Arabic finger painting .
Not just the Netherlands but all of Europe will look to Almere . ’
Discrimination
Wilders is currently facing charges of discrimination and inciting hatred against non western immigrants and Muslims .
He always maintains he is opposed to Islam , not Muslims themselves .
Earlier this week , Wilders told the Telegraaf the PVV´s commitment to maintaining the current retirement age of 65 would be crucial in negotiations to form a new national government , following the collapse of the CDA , Labour and ChristenUnie alliance last weekend .
Most parties have already ruled out forming a coalition with Wilders .
Only the Christian Democrats and right wing Liberals VVD have not done so .
Opinion polls make it likely that four parties will be needed to form a new government after the June 9 vote .
" What is the fuss about ? " wrote one anonymous man in Nanjing .
" Mr Han seems a capable and clean official , one of the cleanest we have .
Only 60,000 yuan in bribes is nothing .
Our former mayor was regarded as clean even though he took at least six million yuan in bribes .
We should target the ones who are more senior and more corrupt . "
Today , February 8th , marks the centennial of Boy Scouts in America .
Over the past century , more than 110 million boys , young men , moms and dads have been members of the BSA .
However , with such a momentous celebration at - hand , the Boy Scouts , in many ways , are a struggling organization .
At a time when shows like " Man Vs Wild " and " Survivorman " are experiencing immense popularity and global awareness of the environment is at a high , would n't it make sense that an organization like the Boy Scouts would see a surge in enrollment ?
After all , the scouting program specializes in promoting survival skills and enjoyment of the outdoors as its biggest recruiting tools for boys and young men .
But in the past decade , enrollment numbers have seen continuous annual plunges .
Not as many boys are interested in the program and fewer parents are making the choice to enroll their sons in Scouting .
The published enrollment numbers that the BSA share show that membership has dropped year after year , a tough pill to swallow for any organization , and the BSA has been accused on several occasions that their rolls have been inflated to enhance appearances .
Even if you ignore those rumors and accept the BSA 's numbers , with just 2.8 million members , Scouting is half of what it was in 1972 when enrollment peaked .
That means that Boy Scout membership in the US is down by 11 % in the past decade and Cub Scouts have seen their membership drop by 23 % during the same time .
While some of this can be attributed to more choices for kids - from soccer to chess club to year - round basketball clinics - and busier schedules for both children and their parents , those are still tremendous declines .
Plus , the Scouting program has been dogged by allegations of discrimination - mainly in cases brought by gays and atheists .
It 's been a tough road lately , with some questioning why Scouting has n't changed more to adjust to a new social climate .
But is the drop in Scouting membership due to the materiality of its programs or to other factors ?
It 's impossible to say , but , perhaps , there is a larger question at hand :
As Scouting celebrates its 100th anniversary this month , are the Boy Scouts of America still relevant ?
THE CASE IN FAVOR OF SCOUTING
The benefit of any program can be measured by those who rise to its top .
And , for Scouting , the top is the rank of Eagle Scout - an accomplishment that caps years of work , progressive leadership responsibilities , civic awareness , community volunteerism , dozens of merit badges based on learning specialized skills and ( in most cases ) countless nights spent camping in forests and wilderness .
It is a long road and a difficult one , but - if a boy sticks with it and accomplishes his goal - the reward is great .
He has been tested and challenged over and over in a way that not only gives him a greater understanding of his place in his community , but a better understanding of who he is and what he is capable of achieving .
Over the history of the Boy Scouts of America , just under two million boys have become Eagle Scouts , a rank that is awarded for life .
The list of Eagle Scouts is impressive ; it includes a president ( and several presidential candidates ) , representatives and senators , astronauts , many very successful businessmen , a couple of filmmakers , and some guy that does a lot of dirty jobs .
Image by Flickr user creative location ; used under Creative Commons Attribution license .
But what about the millions of other boys in both the Cub Scout and Boy Scout programs who never make Eagle Scout ?
Do they get anything out of the program ?
The argument can be made that - as long as you are involved , you get something out of it .
The skills taught in weekly meetings or earned on campouts stay with boys forever .
From Lifesaving to Citizenship , Scouts gain a deeper understanding of skills that will affect them for the rest of their lives .
And in the case of some skills , like First Aid and Emergency Preparedness , Scouting is a unique opportunity to gain know - how that boys might not get anywhere else .
In fact , from youthful Cub Scouts to seasoned Boy Scouts , boys are consistently showcased in newspapers and the TV news for saving the lives of family , friends or strangers , simply because they knew how to " be prepared " in a life - threatening emergency .
Scouting places a very high value on community involvement and scouts take that commitment very seriously , volunteering for a wide range of projects - improving public land and property , serving food banks , and assisting the elderly , impoverished and the unfortunate , among others .
Scouting For Food , a project that collects food for local food banks , contributes not only food , but nearly a hundred million service hours across the United States every year .
The Order of the Arrow , the Boy Scouts honor camping society , has hosted an event called " Five Sites , Five Weeks , Five Thousand Arrowmen " where a thousand Order of the Arrow scouts descend upon one of five national parks to improve , clean and work on conservation and fire - prevention projects .
All told , volunteer Scouting hours probably total more than any other group in the United States - more than 2 million hours a year by a conservative estimate .
Boy Scouts - and to a lesser extent , Cub Scouts - spend countless nights exploring and camping in the nation 's forests and parks .
Environmental responsibility plays a large role in the program 's curriculum and campsite locations are left in the same situation as they found them , under " Leave No Trace " camping rules , if not improved upon by the group .
Camping , especially for urban youth , is a rarity , if not unheard of .
Scouting provides a conduit for getting boys - urban or otherwise - out away from couches , Xboxes , cable tv and computer monitors into the outdoors .
With all the technology surrounding today 's youth , it 's not difficult to imagine a childhood where the outdoors plays a substantially reduced role .
Yet , Scouting is the antithesis of a sedentary life , introducing day - long hikes , cooking over an open fire , and survival skills .
The argument can be made that these skills are n't necessarily important on a daily basis , but because they are immensely valuable in a crisis or dangerous situations - and because they really are n't taught anywhere else - the fact that Scouting still teaches them makes the program more relevant than ever .
Scouting emphasizes a strong bond between boys and their families .
In many cases , this is exemplified by the relationship between boys and their fathers , who are most often volunteers for the program .
This traditional arrangement provides an ideal opportunity for boys to step away from their daily routine and not only learn core Scouting skills like orienteering , cooking or first aid , but also skills outside the Scouting curriculum , like negotiating the pitfalls of adolescence and growing to become men .
Yes , these are things that boys can learn elsewhere , but Scouting provides a conduit - whether a weekend - long campout , a two - week backpacking trek or just a weekly meeting - where interaction with teenagers and their fathers is mandatory – an occurrence that 's sometimes difficult for many families at home .
Then , there are Scouting 's values , those twelve points that both brand and identify a Boy Scout as , that squeaky - clean , do - gooder kid : trustworthy , loyal , helpful , friendly , courteous , kind , obedient , cheerful , thrifty , brave , clean and reverent .
For the most part , these are ideals that most of us want to see in our family , friends and neighbors .
Scouting has consistently forwarded these values over their 100 year history .
Peter Applebome , an editor of The New York Times , once wrote that , as an adult volunteer involved with his son's scouting , he observed that " Scouting 's core values ... are wonderful building blocks for a movement and a life .
Scouting 's genuinely egalitarian goals and instincts are more important now than they 've ever been .
It 's one of the only things that kids do that 's genuinely cooperative , not competitive . "
THE CASE AGAINST SCOUTING
Any discussion of the Scouts ' relevance would n't be complete without looking at the main criticisms people have against the program .
The bulk of the criticism is centered on discrimination against atheists and agnostics and against homosexuals .
Although these are n't the only criticisms , they are the ones that make the most headlines .
The final point of the Scout Law is the dedication to be reverent .
Devotion to God is also found in various BSA oaths , from Cub Scouts to Boy Scouts , where boys pledge their allegiance and duty to God .
Allegiance to , and agreement with , the oaths are checked often along the path of the program , with specific requirements to make sure that boys " live the Scout Oath ... and Scout Law in their everday lives " before being granted certain advancement .
Meetings , campouts and other occasions - depending on the local governing body - can include an element of prayer , typically in traditional Judeo - Christian fashion .
While the Scouting organization does n't define who God is and defers explanation of the relationship between boys and their deity to their families and religious leaders , it does n't allow much wiggle room for those who do not believe in one of the major religions or minor offshoots .
So if you are a believer in Ja , Ra , Zeus , Quetzalcoatal , the flying spaghetti monster or a firm believer in using your Sunday morning for doing nothing more than sleeping in , the Boy Scouts do not have a place for you .
( To be fair , Scouting recognizes a significant number of religions and they are inclusive of some non-traditional beliefs , including Wiccans . )
The Girl Scouts , an organization with similar membership declines , has found an interesting method for approaching the situationally sticky problem of pledging an oath to God , with a far more nebulous approach , encouraging its participants to replace the word " God " with a term consistent with their personal spiritual beliefs .
Like any case of discrimination , there have been challenges to Scouting 's demand for reverence to their prescribed religions and some boys have been expelled from the program for maintaining their atheist or agnostic views .
In several instances , the ACLU has taken the case for these boys and - seemingly more often than not - the BSA has allowed these non-believers to rejoin quietly .
Although it 's true that the values and stances on both religion and sexuality are based on bedrock principles that has been around since the beginning of the Scouting program , it 's thought that much of the current philosophy is based on how heavily the scouting organization relies on the nation 's churches for support and structure .
From coast to coast , Scout meetings can be found in fellowship halls and recreation rooms of churches and synagogues .
Catholics , Jews , Methodists and other faiths all support scouting , but nowhere is Scouting more prevalent than in the Mormon church .
Image by Flickr user Jessicamulley ; used under Creative Commons Attribution license .
Penn &
Teller make the case in season four of their television series , " Bullsh*t " , that the Mormon church made a power move in the late 80s to take over the leadership of the Boy Scouts of America .
Although there is n't any definitive proof that this is true , Mormons participate in Boy Scouts at a very high rate .
While Mormons only make up 2 % of the total US population , they account for nearly 20 % of all Scouts .
The Mormons even have their own specialized division of scouting , LDS Scouting and , until recently , a student could major in Scouting leadership ( .pdf of coursework , here ) at Mormon - based university , Brigham Young .
It seems the Mormons are n't afraid of throwing their weight around on issues they are concerned with and are on record as saying if the Boy Scouts of America is forced to accept gays as scoutmasters , the LDS Church will withdraw from the organization and take more than 400,000 Scouts with it .
Which brings mention of the larger complaint of discrimination , that exclusion against both scouts and adult leaders who are homosexual .
There has been significant debate in court challenges on this issue , which , for the Scouts , hinges on the phrase of the Scout Oath that obligates a Scout to be " morally straight " .
While the Supreme Court has sided with the Boy Scouts , allowing that a private organization can include and exclude who it chooses , many feel that - as with marriage and other relationship privileges , the time has come for homosexuals to be accepted in scouting .
In terms of policy , although the BSA stated in 2000 that " Boy Scouting makes no effort to discover the sexual orientation of any person " - essentially a variation on " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " - there continue to be dismissals and expulsions of people discovered to be homosexual .
Indeed , Scouting is merely part of a larger debate within our society about homosexuals and their entitlement to equal rights and protections .
Still , push - back and demands for acceptance seem to be more present these days , as seen with groups like Scouting for All , an organization dedicated to accepting homosexual and atheist / agnostic scouts and leaders .
For now , the BSA has the right to exclude who it wants , as a private organization .
But - and here 's the rub - they are a private organization that makes no bones about accepting public funds , using public lands at significant discounts ( or no charge at all ) and recruit within taxpayer funded schools .
This presents a bit of a Pharisaical conundrum in the eyes of many .
How can a private organization at odds with so much public opinion be given so many publicly funded benefits ?
GET TO THE POINT - ARE THE BOY SCOUTS RELEVANT ?
At the 2000 Democratic National Convention , hundreds of delegates booed a group of Boy Scouts as they led the convention in the Pledge of Allegiance .
While this show of disapproval must have been heart - felt , it was misguided .
The frustration that some have with the Boy Scouts is understandable , but a group of 14 and 16 year old boys does n't dictate organizational policy .
The argument the delegates had was with the BSA administration .
This is the heart of the argument about Scouting 's relevancy .
While the Scouting program provides plenty of opportunity to boys to develop important and unique skills , hone leadership traits that will pay off outside scouting and help boys to live up to their potential , most of the complaints people lodge against Scouting 's relevancy are tied to decisions that the BSA 's adult leadership makes .
And so we 're faced with a decision : should we withhold the potentially outstanding experience of Boy Scouts from our sons because of the unbending rules of the organization 's administration ?
To make matters more complicated , on the local level , there is often a flexible interpretation of the laws .
Homosexual parents and scouts serve Boy Scouts without fear of reprisal ( even in America 's Bible belt ) , and atheists simply keep their mouths shut during the scout pledge to God and claims of reverence .
Like many issues , at the local level , we 're all just people and local administration understands that .
At its core , Scouting is a program they believe in and want to share with others , no matter who they are or what they believe .
And ultimately , the biggest knocks to Scouting 's relevancy do n't make much sense .
As a parent , I would n't expect a heterosexual Catholic leader to proselytize to my son about his religion or his sexuality , any more than I 'd think a homosexual atheist would be discussing those subjects with my kids .
I was a Cub Scout , a Boy Scout and I attained the rank of Eagle Scout just days before my eighteenth birthday .
I have traveled and camped extensively with the Boy Scouts , including a two - week trek at BSA 's high adventure camp , Philmont .
I am a member of both Order of the Arrow and Mic - O - Say , a regional honor society .
My son is in Cub Scouts and I recently finished my first year as a den leader .
The friendships I developed during my years in scouts have become incredibly strong lifelong bonds .
To me , Scouting remains one of the more important accomplishments in my life - probably because of its impact to me at such a young age .
As a dad , I see how excited my son gets putting on his uniform and being a part of something bigger than himself .
He enjoys learning about the outdoors and things he does n't get in school .
He enjoys the fraternity of it all and looks forward to camping and everything Scouts has to offer .
But I struggle with the national organization 's inflexibility .
Just as in my youth , I 'm not much for church and , like many Americans , I have relatives who are gay - for me , a member of my immediate family .
But , for now , I have made my choice and believe strongly in Scouting 's relevancy .
You ?
You have to weigh the benefits and drawbacks and make your own choice .
I asked some of my friends from my Scouting experience if they still believed in the Boy Scouts ' mission .
" Kids are surrounded by plenty of opportunities to make the wrong decisions ; to experience the negative .
Scouting stacks the deck for a positive experience - adults who are interested in providing kids a safe environment to learn and have fun , exposure to new things , to the outdoors & hopefully a set of experiences that they 'll use for the rest of their lives whether that manifests itself in good friends , valuable skills , a first shot at leading a team or just a good memory or two , " says Troy Trybom , an Eagle Scout and father in Stilwell , Kansas .
" Probably most important to me was that my Dad was there with me through my entire time in Scouting .
We spoke about and reminisced about Scouts until the day he passed away .
I would n't trade my time & memories of scouting for anything . "
A better case for relevancy is difficult to make .
Jonathan Olley / Summit Entertainment
Oh boy .
The Bagger thought the last few days of the Oscar beat would be all who - are - you - wearing - and - when - do - we - get - to - clink - Champagne - glasses .
Instead we ’ve been spending most of our time talking to military personnel and high - powered lawyers .
( Attention foreign editors : Look how much time we ’re spending talking to military personnel and lawyers !
Might as well get embedded next , right ? )
The reason for all these interviews , of course , is that “ The Hurt Locker ” has taken another pounding .
On Wednesday , Mark Boal , the screenwriter and a producer of the movie , was named in a lawsuit brought by Master Sgt. Jeffrey S. Sarver , whose Explosive Ordnance Disposal ( E.O.D. ) unit Mr. Boal embedded with in Baghdad in 2004 as part of an assignment for Playboy magazine .
In the suit , which also names the movie ’s other producers , its director , Kathryn Bigelow , its distributors , and Playboy , Sergeant Sarver claims that the character played by Jeremy Renner was based on him and shared many of his characteristics ( from looks to personal history ) .
By portraying him as a “ messed up ” soldier , the “ Hurt Locker ” team defamed him , Sergeant Sarver says .
The lawsuit , filed in federal court in New Jersey , is based on six counts , including misappropriation of name and likeness , invasion of privacy , infliction of emotional distress , fraud and negligent misrepresentation .
It seeks in excess of $ 75,000 for each count , along with costs , interest and legal fees .
It charges that the movie amounted to “ the exploitation of a real - life , honorable , courageous and long - serving member of our country ’s armed forces , by greedy , multibillion - dollar ‘ entertainment ’ corporations . ”
The suit was first reported by Patrick Goldstein of The Los Angeles Times .
“ There are similarities , because you ’d find similarities to events that happened to lots of these guys , ” Mr. Boal told Mr. Goldstein .
“ But the screenplay is not about him .
I talked to easily over 100 soldiers during my research and reshuffled everything I learned in a way that would be authentic , but would also make for a dramatic story . ”
He declined further comment .
So , where to start ?
1. The Timing
Though it comes on the heels of several other “ Hurt Locker ” brouhahas , the lawsuit was filed the day after Oscar voting ended .
This , Sgt. Sarver ’s lawyer , Todd Weglarz , told the Bagger , was intentional .
“ We could ’ve filed it earlier , but decided not to and even represented in writing to Summit and the producers , they had our assurance that we would not file it until after the voting was complete , ” Mr. Weglarz said .
He added that “ The Hurt Locker ” camp had been aware of the potential lawsuit “ for months . ”
In a subsequent interview , Mr. Weglarz was unable to specify when exactly his side approached “ The Hurt Locker ” side — around the holidays was his best guess .
But he did emphasize that his side made the decision to wait to file until the voting was closed so as not to create the appearance that he and his client were trying to swamp the competition .
Representatives from “ The Hurt Locker ” did not dispute this , but suggested that the real reason for the delay was to demand a settlement .
Mr. Weglarz said there had been “ negotiations . ”
2. The Facts
In the interest of time and blog space we will not delve into the details of Mr. Boal ’s Playboy article , because it is available for your perusal here .
The full text of Sergeant Sarver ’s complaint is available here .
In reading them , there are similarities — Sergeant Sarver says he rolls up his sleeve just like Will James , Mr. Renner ’s character , a quirk that some military watchers said was inauthentic — as well as things that seem far - fetched , like the idea that Sergeant Sarver was the sole source of phrases like “ war is a drug . ”
Also , Jimmy Fallon is quoted in the lawsuit ( in an interview with Mr. Renner , he described him as a “ messed up ” soldier ) .
Happy reading .
3 . The Legalese
“ Claims on films happen routinely , ” Steven Beer , a lawyer with Greenberg Traurig who specializes in media and entertainment , told the Bagger .
If there is any merit to them , he said , they typically get resolved , because film companies do n’t want any negative attention or publicity , especially on a film as highly visible as “ The Hurt Locker . ”
But , Mr. Beer added , there is a good chance that the folks on “ The Hurt Locker ” side view the lawsuit as frivolous — Mr. Boal said as much in a statement — particularly because the script has been vetted twice by the Academy and the Writers Guild of America , which both deemed it an original , not adapted , work .
( Mr. Boal won the Writers Guild award for best original screenplay . )
“ You have two serious organizations that have a stake in the integrity of the award and the film on its own , ” Mr. Beer said .
“ They have done an independent analysis two times , and it was not found to be derivative .
That to me signals that the claims may not be of merit . ”
In addition , Mr. Beer said , as a pre-condition to getting films made , insurers investigate the potential for claims of this type .
“ They ask directly if the work is derived from another source , ” he said .
“ That would probably be yet a third entity that reviewed the article against the screenplay and I suspect weighed in on behalf of the writer and supported his claim that this was an independent work rather than an adaptation . ”
( Yes , you can adapt from yourself . )
One solution for films based on real people is to buy their subjects ’ life rights , which Mr. Boal said he did not consider doing because he wanted “ the freedom to fictionalize the stories he heard from soldiers he met during his research , ” according to Mr. Goldstein at The Los Angeles Times .
Mr. Beer said that he and other experts in the field tell their clients to veer on the side of caution and buy life rights it there ’s any potential for problems in the future .
“ The Hurt Locker ” had a small budget and a nearly equally small box office take , so its coffers are not exactly overflowing for any kind of extras .
Still , Mr. Beer said , “ The decision to go forth without a life rights authorization or agreement , I ’m sure it was n’t casual . ”
4. The Aftermath
On Sunday some people will look nice and win awards .
Mr. Weglarz ’s client will either press on with his lawsuit or try for a settlement .
Everyone will forget about this story until 2011 , when the next round of Oscar coat - tail riding begins .
Phew !
Think that about covers it .
Thank you for choosing ......... .. .. ... ... ... Dettu[ Xx ] ... ... ... .. .. ......... probably the worlds nastiest Linux - distribution .
26- feb-2k1 ----------
03-dec-2k1 ----------
18 - nov-2k1 ----------
05 - nov-2k1 ----------
29 -jul-2k1 ----------
04-jul-2k1 ----------
I apologize for not getting another Rails 3 upgrade post up this weekend , but I spent this weekend working on a few things .
First , I contributed a few little pieces to the Rails 3 release notes , which should be showing up on the Rails blog soon ( edit : or view them here right now ) , but most of my time was devoted to a bigger project .
My little gem rails - upgrade is now rails_upgrade , an officially blessed upgrade tool that will be maintained by myself and the Rails team .
You can get it from here : http://github.com/rails/rails_upgrade.
To use it now , simply install the plugin :
script / plugin install git://github.com/rails/rails_upgrade.git
The plugin adds the following tasks :
rake rails : upgrade : check #
Runs a battery of checks on your Rails 2.x app # and generates a report on required upgrades for Rails 3 rake rails : upgrade : gems # Generates a Gemfile for your Rails 3 app out of your config.gem directives rake rails : upgrade : routes # Create a new , upgraded route file from your current routes.rb
Simply run those tasks in the same way you ran the commands with the rails - upgrade gem .
In the near future , I plan on expanding the checks for deprecated pieces to handle some of the less obvious changes , adding some generators for other changes ( like config / application.rb ) , and adding some extra tools ( ideas / suggestions certainly welcome ) .
Anyhow , I ’m really looking forward to seeing this project become a dependable upgrade tool .
If you have any ideas or find any bugs , please contact me via e-mail or Twitter or , even better , fork it and handle it yourself !
permalink
CARRIE
Prejean is n't the only beauty queen open to expressing her objection to same - sex marriage .
Miss Beverly Hills 2010 Lauren
Ashley is also speaking out in support of traditional nuptials , Fox News reported .
" The Bible says that marriage is between a man and a woman , " Ms Ashley told Fox News .
" In Leviticus it says : ' If man lies with mankind as he would lie with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination .
They shall surely be put to death and their blood shall be upon them . '
" The Bible is pretty black and white
" I feel like God himself created mankind and he loves everyone , and he has the best for everyone .
" If he says that having sex with someone of your same gender is going to bring death upon you , that 's a pretty stern warning , and he knows more than we do about life . "
Ms Ashley , 23 , will be representing Beverly Hills in the Miss California pageant in November .
Her statements mirror former Miss California Carrie Prejean 's answer to a question about same - sex marriage in last year 's Miss USA pageant .
At the time , Ms Prejean said her answer opposing same sex marriage cost her the title .
But with the Miss California Pageant still months away , and Ms Ashley already echoing the views that got Ms Prejean in trouble last year , is she concerned that she may ruin her chances of taking home the tiara ?
" That is n't really the issue , " she said .
" I have a lot of friends that are gay , and ... I have a lot of friends who have different views , and we share our views together .
" There 's no hate between me and anyone . "
And according to the Miss California state director , Keith Lewis , a contestant 's personal opinion should have no bearing on the result .
" The Miss California USA system has always had a place for an individual 's thoughts and opinions when it comes to all sides of political issues , " Mr Lewis told Pop Tarts .
" It is an organisation which empowers women , and everyone is entitled to their own beliefs . "
Read more about beauty queen Lauren Ashley and her views on gays at Fox News
Don H. Dwyer Jr. , a Republican member of the House of Delegates , plans to bring impeachment charges on the House floor on Wednesday against the state ’s attorney general , Douglas F. Gansler .
Mr. Dwyer said that Mr. Gansler overstepped his authority in issuing a legal opinion last month saying the state would recognize same - sex marriages from other places and ordering state agencies to give gay married couples the same rights as heterosexual couples .
Mr. Gansler ’s opinion does not change the law , but it was meant to guide state officials .
The impeachment matter is most likely to be dismissed by the House speaker , Michael E. Busch , a Democrat .
If so , Mr. Dwyer has said he will probably call for a ruling from the full House , which is controlled by Democrats .
MADRID — Europe will be unable to afford its extensive social programs without economic change , the European Union ’s new permanent president , Herman Van Rompuy , warned Friday , supporting calls for sanctions against countries that fail to honor pledges to reform their economies .
At a news conference marking the start of Spain ’s presidency of the E.U. , Mr. Van Rompuy shared the spotlight with the Spanish prime minister , José Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , and with the president of the European Commission , José Manuel Barroso .
They went out of their way to resemble the “ Three Amigos , ” but the crowded stage highlighted the difficulty the bloc is having streamlining its leadership .
The E.U. ’s six - month rotating presidency was supposed to be scaled back by the recently enacted Lisbon Treaty , which created Mr. Van Rompuy ’s job .
But on Thursday Mr. Zapatero set the political agenda by calling for a new European economic reform plan , which is about to be drawn up , to be made binding on national governments .
On Friday , all three leaders agreed on the need for a more strictly enforced reform program — an idea that would need the support of all 27 governments and that will probably be viewed with suspicion in Germany and Britain .
The Horizon League may well be one of the most underestimated conferences in all of college basketball .
Few programs have had the success that Butler has enjoyed over the past few seasons .
For some reason , the NCAA Tournament Selection Committee seeded the Horizon League regular season and tournament champions as a # 5 seed .
Butler ( 28 - 4 ) finished the season ranked at # 11 .
If the math is true , they should have gotten a # 3 seeding .
Instead they draw a quality first round opponent in UTEP , another underseeded team .
The Bulldogs also just ran the table in the Horizon League ( first time that has ever been done ) , and hold the longest winning streak in the country at 20 games .
Three of the Bulldogs losses came to teams in the Big Dance .
Minnesota , Clemson ( one point ) , and Georgetown all managed to beat Butler during the regular season .
Butler , however , holds wins against Siena , Ohio State , and Xavier , three more tournament teams .
Coach Brad Stevens , in just his third season , has an overall 77 - 14 record .
Stevens is trotting a young team onto the court to face UTEP with just one Senior ( Willie Veasley , pictured ) , one Junior ( Matt Howard ) , and three Sophomores ( Gordon Hayward , Ronald Nored , and Shelvin Mack ) .
If the Bulldogs can defeat UTEP , they would face the winner of the Vanderbilt - Murray State contest .
If they can win two games in a row , they will be in the Sweet 16 and in all likelihood have a date with # 1 seed Syracuse .
Butler can beat Syracuse .
Write that down somewhere .
No matter how far Horizon League teams seem to go in the tournament ( Butler , Cleveland State , and Valpo have all done well in recent years ) the reality seems that a # 5 seed is the best the selection committee can give the conference .
Good Luck Butler !
Represent the Horizon League with pride and knock ’em all down a peg or two .
( photo of Willie Veasley courtesy of Ron Stevens )
Ultra Simple Site Maker
USSM is a static web site compiler .
It generates a complete web site from a hierarchy of text files .
It is released under the GNU GPL .
If you know how to use a web server , ( at home or with a hosting service ) , you should be able to learn my system and set up a simple web site in a few minutes .
Just download it , install it , and check the manual .
Many web site generators already exist .
Jekyll is a rather famous example .
I built my own because I felt I could do simpler .
The result is indeed very simple :
USSM fits in less than 800 lines of Ocaml , Bash , and Makefile code .
It has trivial configuration options .
What it does is usually obvious .
Nevertheless , USSM still has some loose ends .
I 'm aware of some , and I 'm sure I missed others .
So , if it causes you any problem , please send me an e-mail .
If you have any question , any suggestion ( even silly ones ) , you are probably not alone .
So please ask .
It will help me improve USSM .
External contributions
“ I will really sell this piece of shit ” : Georgetown Law grad selling his degree on Craigslist for $ 59,250
“ This is actually a serious post .
I will really sell this piece of shit . ”
Those are the words of a disillusioned graduate of the Georgetown University Law Center graduate who on Wednesday posted an offer to sell his GULC degree “ for the bargain basement price of $ 59,250 ″ on Craigslist .
Why ?
And , what might incline you to buy it off of him ?
“ After several years of practicing law I have come to the conclusion that my law degree is useless and I do n’t want to be a lawyer anymore . ….
“ This priceless collectible will permit you to be surrounded by hobby - less assholes whose entire life is dictated by billing by the hour and being anal dickheads .
Additionally , this piece of paper has the amazing ability to keep you from doing what you really want to do in life , all in the name of purported prestige and financial success .
Finally , girls in the Marina will swoon with retarded thoughts of sugar daddy when they hear you went to XXX prestigious law school and are a lawyer . ”
“ Act now as supplies are limited and this crap takes three years to make .
DISCLAIMER : this piece of shit is n’t even written in English .
It ’s in Latin or something , but I have the translation .
It says “ Haha .
We took your tuition money bitch , now suck it .
Sincerely , President of the University . ”
Vox contacted the seller , who confirmed for us that he is indeed selling a Georgetown Law Degree for the value of his outstanding student loans .
Yup , that ’s our seal .
If you squint , you can make out President John DeGioia ’s signature , too .
“ So far I ’ve received an offer for $ 200 and at least two dozens offers to buy me drinks .
Another guy offered to give me an Ipod Nano .
One girl told me I ’m her soul mate and that she wants to go on a date .
The best offer was from a documentary filmmaker who offered to give me $ 50 to piss on my diploma and then set it on fire .
Unless I get something better I ’ll probably accept this offer , ” he wrote in an e-mail to us .
“ I ’m assuming this is legal , but what do I know , I ’m a retired lawyer now .
I should probably ask a real lawyer , ” he continued .
What is he going to do now ?
“ I have no idea what I want to do right now other than sitting on a beach drinking beer . ”
The seller , a San Francisco - Bay Area attorney , thought the origin of the degree might contribute to its appeal :
“ Added Bonus :
It ’s from one of those elitist BS institutions that accept people like George W. Bush cause their daddy donated $ 20 million i.e.
Cornell , Penn , Harvard , Yale , Columbia , Georgetown , Duke , Tijuana Tech , etc .
Instead of donating $ 20 million you can have it for the low low price of $ 59,250 or best offer . ”
Within two days , his post has inspired another attorney to sell his JD for an even lower price .
“ Mine is written in English , and there is no translation needed : ‘ This useless piece of shit will do nothing for you .
The President of the University thanks you for grabbing your ankles for the past couple of years .
Good luck , dip shit . ’
No - Added Bonus :
Because this piece of shit is not from a prestigious elitist institution it ’s even more worthless than one that is . ”
Having astronomical student loans is awful , but Vox had no idea that being a lawyer makes it so much worse .
Via Above the Law
The GNOME desktop environment and its underlying Gtk+ widget toolkit — which provide a user interface and a standard set of applications for Linux — have an elaborate theme system that enables users to customize the appearance of their desktop .
GNOME has attracted a vibrant community of open source artists who are collaborating to produce aesthetically sophisticated visual styles for the desktop environment .
Many custom GNOME themes are published in online galleries so that they can be downloaded and installed by regular end users .
The most popular of these repositories is the GNOME - Look.org website , which has become the de facto standard home of downloadable GNOME theming content .
Although a wide variety of custom widget and window styles are available , it can be challenging to find the ones that are truly elegant amid the overwhelming volume of garish eyesores .
In this article we will look at a selection of some of the best themes for the GNOME environment .
Some of them are community - driven efforts and some of them come from well - known Linux distributions .
Sonar
The Sonar theme for GNOME was created by Novell and introduced in version 11.2 of openSUSE .
Its Gtk+ style has soft gradients that mix green and gray .
The window border and titlebar are a combined black , with a green radial gradient at the top that looks a bit like floodlighting .
The Sonar icons conform with the basic tango style , but have a bit more detail and more elaborate shading .
The distinctive Sonar folder icons are especially beautiful .
Elementary
The Elementary project originally began as an icon collection , but its mandate has expanded considerably .
The designers aim to holistically refine the desktop experience , boosting both usability and aesthetic appeal .
Elementary 's exquisite icons take the Tango style to a whole new level and exude a degree of professionalism and refinement that is seldom found in open source art .
Shiki and GNOME Colors
Shiki is a Gtk + theme that is designed to deliver some of the stylistic elegance of a dark theme without compromising usability .
There are seven different variants of Shiki , each with highlighting in a different color .
There is also a set of matching icon themes called GNOME Colors and set of matching login themes called Arc Colors .
The three original variants are Brave ( blue ) , Wine ( red ) , and Wise ( green ) .
The icons have a lot of visual similarities to Elementary , but with more pronounced coloring .
Dust
Dust is a dark brown theme that was originally designed by several Ubuntu community members as a conceptual replacement for Ubuntu 's classic Human theme .
It has a distinctly modern appearance and uses strong gradients throughout .
It works very well with Ubuntu 's native Humanity icon theme or with the GNOME Colors Dust variant .
Nimbus
When Sun launched its OpenSolaris project with the aim of making a desktop - centric distribution , the company decided to grace it with a GNOME theme that matched the look and feel of Swing 's Nimbus style .
The result is impressive .
The glossy gradients in the Gtk + theme give it a touch of aqua flair that is counterbalanced nicely by its subdued palette , which consists of light blues and grays .
The icons share a similar appearance and have a glossy liquid texture .
It looks smooth , professional , and consistent .
Installing themes
Themes are typically distributed in compressed tar archives .
After you download them to your computer , you can install them by clicking the Install button in GNOME 's Appearance Preferences dialog and then selecting the relevant archive in the file chooser .
This will generally make the theme accessible through the list in the Appearance Preferences dialog .
You can also install a theme from the command line by expanding the compressed archive in the ~/. themes directory .
Icon themes are placed in the ~/.icons directory .
You can apply a theme by selecting its thumbnail in the Appearance Preferences dialog .
The thumbnails are metathemes , which consist of a combination of other theme elements .
You can get more control over your theme settings by clicking the Customize button in the dialog .
This will let you choose the widget theme and window border theme individually .
In some cases , you can also customize the colors that are used in a theme .
Keep in mind that some of the themes described in this article , such as Sonar and Nimbus , are designed for a specific distro and might not work perfectly in other kinds of environments .
If you are using Ubuntu , be sure to check the package archive before you try to install from a tarball .
The Shiki themes and GNOME Colors icons are all available directly through APT .
For additional themes , I recommend perusing the GNOME - Look.org website .
Why should I verify my email address ?
Verifying your email address with Steam improves the security of your Steam Account .
Once you 've verified your email address with Steam , both your Steam Account password and access to your email account are required in order to make any changes to your Steam Account credentials , such as your password and contact email address .
This helps further protect your Steam Account from being stolen by a potential phisher .
How do I verify my email address ?
Verifying your email address with Steam is a simple process :
On Windows
Right - click on the Steam icon in the System Tray and select Settings or press the Settings button in Steam 's File menu .
Click on the Verify email address button .
Follow the on -screen instructions .
You should then receive an email message from Steam Support .
Click the unique link provided in this email message to finish verifying your email address .
The web page which then launches will confirm your success .
On Mac
Open Steam and click on Steam > Preferences Click on the Verify email address button .
Follow the on -screen instructions .
You should then receive an email message from Steam Support .
Click the unique link provided in this email message to finish verifying your email address .
The web page which then launches will confirm your success .
I never received the verification email message from Steam Support .
What should I do ?
If you do not receive the email message from Steam Support and you are running a Spam filter , check and make sure the message has not been filtered as spam .
Please try adding " [ email protected ] " and " [ email protected ] " to your contacts or trusted senders list within your email client and attempt to re-verify your email address .
What do I do if I no longer have access to the contact email account on record with Steam ?
If you no longer have access to the contact email address associated with your Steam Account , please contact Steam Support .
What can I expect to change once my email address has been verified ?
Once you have successfully verified your email address , it will be indicated as Verified in your Steam Account settings .
A Steam Account associated with a verified email address will behave a bit differently each time you make any changes to your Steam Account credentials .
Steam Support will send an automated email message containing a confirmation code to your contact email address each time you begin to change your Steam Account password or contact email address .
This unique code must then be entered into Steam in order to complete the change to your account .
Your email address will also continue to be used to communicate with you regarding your transactions on the Steam Store , and to assist you in regaining access to your Steam Account , should you ever need help with that .
For more information on how to ensure the security of your Steam Account , please see the Account Security Recommendations guide .
On the conference call I had last night with Vicki Robin , one of the listeners ( I believe his name was Crispin ) brought up an interesting topic of conversation .
In a world where globalization is a fact and many jobs can easily be moved anywhere in the world thanks to the power of the internet and the information economy , we ’re gradually going to see a global marketplace .
In other words , all of the nations of the world will gradually see their average standard of living even out , as many of the workers are competing for jobs with everyone else in the world .
My belief is that , for the most part , the standards of living everywhere else in the world will rise rapidly to meet the standard of living in the United States .
However , I also feel that our standard of living here will probably never grow at the same rate as it did in the twentieth century .
In short , I think our growth rate will be much lower than that of the rest of the world and may in fact be a slow reduction over a long period of time .
I do n’t really think it ’s anything to panic about , though .
This decline has been happening already for a long time , starting in roughly 1970 .
Real wages – meaning the amount that people get paid when you get rid of inflation – have essentially remained unchanged since then .
The real change in our financial lives has been the big increase in costs .
There are countless services we have today that many of us consider essential – and that we pay for every month like clockwork – that simply did n’t exist thirty five years ago .
Cell phones .
Home computers .
VCRs and DVD players .
The energy required to run all of these devices .
Internet access .
Non-extortionary long distance telephone access .
The vast majority of Americans consider these expenses a requirement – and they did n’t exist in 1970 .
My prediction for the future is that these trends continue .
Real wages wo n’t go up , but our expenses will go up .
So what do we do ?
As always , there are two key solutions for this – and they ’re solutions anyone can follow .
Plus , they ’ll benefit everyone regardless of whether they believe such change is happening or not .
And these two key solutions are summed up in one phrase : spend less and / or earn more .
We can spend less by recognizing that we do n’t need every service or tool that comes down the pipe .
On a regular basis , step back from your life and look at how you spend your money .
Keep track of all of your spending for a month .
Then , sit down and honestly evaluate it .
Where are you spending money on things that really do n’t add value to your life ?
Then , cut them hard .
Five years ago , I was a cell phone addict .
I never went anywhere without it .
I was constantly calling and texting people .
Over the last two years , I have essentially weaned myself from cell phone usage .
Now , I rarely pick it up and , when my contract expires , I ’m going to simply cancel the phone and get a pay - by - the - minute el cheapo phone .
Why ?
I realized I did n’t actually need what it provided .
What I wanted was connection to the important people in my life – and cell phones did n’t really provide that .
The only actual need it fulfilled in my life was additional security while traveling and , on rare occasion , contacting a friend to make sure we were meeting up at the correct time and place .
I can do that for a lot cheaper with a prepaid cell phone , so I ’m going to make that switch in the very near future .
On the flip side of that coin , we can earn more by improving our soft skills .
What do I mean by that ?
Think about it this way .
There are two very competent mechanics in your town that charge roughly the same price for the same quality of work .
One of them is very gruff with customers , does n’t explain repairs well , and does n’t provide documentation or assistance .
The other one is very friendly with customers , explains the repairs in common terms , and gives documentation to his customers .
Which mechanic will eventually have most of the business ?
This is true in any field .
Everyone has hard skills that they can provide to the world .
We ’re all good at something – and some of us are good at several different things .
When you have your choice among people who are good at a particular task , you do n’t choose because of the hard skills .
You choose because of the soft skills .
Do they communicate well ?
Do they listen well ?
Are they organized ?
Are they responsive ?
Do they spend their time improving themselves or improving the community ?
Those soft skills and attributes pay off regardless of what the economy is doing – if anything , they pay off better in a down economy .
That directly means employment for you .
That means raises .
That means job opportunities .
If you really focus on these two things regardless of where the economy is right now , you can handle almost anything that the future economic situation will throw at you .
You ’re prepared for it .
We can all have a brighter future no matter what happens if we spend some time today preparing for it .
The future is an opportunity , not a place of fear .
Add / view comments on this post .
-----------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
Did you know the site has over 4,000 video game themed lolz ?
View a random one right now !
Computerworld 's survey about Windows 7 implementation plans ran online from Jan. 13 to Feb. 10 , 2010 .
Most of the questions and answers appear below .
( The main story about Windows 7 implementation plans appears here . )
Research assistance for this survey was provided by Mari Keefe , editorial project manager .
Does your organization plan to adopt Windows 7 at some point ?
Yes - 72 %
No - 11 %
Do n't know - 17 %
Total respondents : 285
If yes , in what time frame will your organization START the transition to Windows 7 ?
We are implementing it now - 33 %
6 to 12 months - 37 %
12 to 18 months - 11 %
18 to 24 months - 5 %
24 to 36 months - 5 %
More than 3 years - 1 %
Unsure / do n't know - 8 %
Total respondents : 205
Over what period of time will your organization COMPLETE the transition to Windows 7 ?
We are finished now - 6 %
Within the next few months - 8 %
6 to 12 months - 23 %
12 to 18 months - 18 %
18 to 24 months - 13 %
24 to 36 months - 13 %
We will complete in more than three years - 7 %
Unsure / do n't know - 13 %
Total respondents : 205
If you 're not planning to move to Windows 7 , why not ?
[ Select all that apply ]
Benefits not sufficient to warrant adoption - 59 % Cost - 44 % No business need - 44 % Too time - consuming - 38 % Migrating to another desktop operating system - 19 % Source : Computerworld online survey ; 32 respondents
Will you deploy Windows 7 ... [ Select all that apply ]
On existing machines - 62 %
On new machines as they are refreshed - 82 %
Through virtual desktop technologies ( VMware VDI , Citrix XenDesktop , XenApp , etc. ) - 22 %
Total respondents : 205
Virtualization and deployment methods
If you are deploying virtualization with Windows 7 , how will you do so ?
[ Select all that apply ]
Will upgrade existing virtualized PCs to Windows 7 - 19 %
Will move existing PCs to virtualization as part of Windows 7 upgrade - 17 %
Will move new PCs to virtualization as part of Windows 7 implementation - 18 %
We are not planning on using virtualization with Windows 7 - 60 %
Total respondents : 205
Will you run Windows 7 on ... [ Select all that apply ]
Desktop PCs - 93 %
Laptops / notebooks - 91 %
Virtual PC environments ( i.e. , Citrix XenApp , XenDesktop , VMware vSphere , etc. ) - 33 %
Netbooks - 16 %
Total respondents : 205
Do you plan on using PC virtualization technology ( such as Citrix XenApp , XenDesktop , VMware vSphere , etc. ) to facilitate deployment of Windows 7 ?
Yes , for existing virtualized PCs only - 12 %
Yes , will move other PCs to virtualization as part of Windows 7 deployment - 20 %
No , wo n't use any PC virtualization technologies to deploy Windows 7 - 68 %
Total respondents : 205
But after Vietnam , most liberals moved on .
It became unfashionable to talk about evil .
Some liberals came to believe in the inherent goodness of man and the limitless possibilities of negotiation .
Some blamed conflicts on weapons systems and pursued arms control .
Some based their foreign - policy thinking on being against whatever George W. Bush was for .
If Bush was an idealistic nation - builder , they became Nixonian realists .
Barack Obama never bought into these shifts .
In the past few weeks , he has revived the Christian realism that undergirded cold war liberal thinking and tried to apply it to a different world .
Obama ’s race probably played a role here .
As a young thoughtful black man , he would have become familiar with prophetic Christianity and the human tendency toward corruption ; familiar with the tragic sensibility of Lincoln ’s second inaugural ; familiar with the guarded pessimism of Niebuhr , who had such a profound influence on the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .
In 2002 , Obama spoke against the Iraq war , but from the vantage point of a cold war liberal .
He said he was not against war per se , just this one , and he was booed by the crowd .
In 2007 , he spoke about the way Niebuhr formed his thinking : “ I take away the compelling idea that there ’s serious evil in the world and hardship and pain .
And we should be humble and modest in our belief we can eliminate those things .
But we should n’t use that as an excuse for cynicism and inaction . ”
His speeches at West Point and Oslo this year are pitch - perfect explications of the liberal internationalist approach .
Other Democrats talk tough in a secular way , but Obama ’s speeches were thoroughly theological .
He talked about the “ core struggle of human nature ” between love and evil .
More than usual , he talked about the high ideals of the human rights activists and America ’s history as a vehicle for democracy , prosperity and human rights .
He talked about America ’s “ strategic interest in binding ourselves to certain rules of conduct . ”
Most of all , he talked about the paradox at the core of cold war liberalism , of the need to balance “ two seemingly irreconcilable truths ”  that war is both folly and necessary .
He talked about the need to balance the moral obligation to champion freedom while not getting swept up in self - destructive fervor .
Obama has not always gotten this balance right .
He misjudged the emotional moment when Iranians were marching in Tehran .
But his doctrine is becoming clear .
The Oslo speech was the most profound of his presidency , and maybe his life .
RIAA Claims File Sharers Are ' Undermining Humanitarian Efforts In Haiti ' , But Leaves Out The Facts
from the oh - please dept
The album is now widely available on illicit BitTorrent sites like The Pirate Bay , Torrentz and more .
The posting highlights a truly ugly side of P2P piracy -- the undermining of humanitarian fundraising efforts via online theft of the " Hope for Haiti Now " compilation .
So much for the notion that illegal downloading ( " sharing " ) is an effort to help advance the plight of artists .
Source : MusicAlly.com
At its peak on 24th January , Hope For Haiti Now was being downloaded 2,680 times a day according to BigChampagne -- compare that to The Fame Monster 's 63,845 downloads the same day .
Meanwhile , by 23rd February , Hope For Haiti Now 's daily downloads had dwindled to 820 , compared to 47,971 for the Gaga album .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Wow .
The RIAA is getting seriously desperate these days .
In the past , at least , its arguments made abit of sense , if you did n't understand the details or have the data .
But these days , they 're really reaching .
We 've already covered Mitch Bainwol 's bizarre attempt to link Chinese hackers breaking into Google with copyright law -- despite the two being totally unconnected .
And , now , the RIAA is claiming that P2P file sharers are " undermining " humanitarian efforts in Haiti .
Now that 's quite a claim , and you would think the RIAA would have some evidence to back it up , but ( of course ) , it does n't .
It 's just making stuff up .
The claim is based on the fact that some musicians quickly put out a " Hope for Haiti Now " digital only album , with the proceeds going to help Haiti .
It apparently did quite well , topping the Billboard sales charts .
Considering there were tons of ways to donate to Haiti , this was basically a way to get some free music with your donation .
Fair enough .
But the RIAA noticed that the tracks also appeared on file sharing sites .
This is hardly a surprise , nor is it meaningful .
But , according to the RIAA 's interpretation , this somehow " undermines " humanitarian efforts :
So much wrong in so few words .
First of all , the album is " available " on the internet .
The Pirate Bay , Torrentz and those other sites are n't hosting the album at all .
They may be pointing to it , but so is Google .
Is that also an " illicit " site ?
It 's amusing , but the blog post the RIAA links to , in an effort to back up this claim , highlights how he found out about it being available via a Google search .
But notice what the RIAA did here ?
Rather than focus on where the file actually is , it blames The Pirate Bay , even though their own source actually used Google to find it , and the files are n't hosted by The Pirate Bay .
That 's called being disingenuous , at best .
Next , how does this " undermine " anything ?
If someone wanted to donate to Haiti , there were countless ways to do so .
If someone donated a bunch of money directly to the Red Cross , and then chose to get those songs via an unauthorized copy , is that really undermining humanitarian efforts ?
And for those who downloaded an unauthorized copy and did n't donate anywhere , does anyone at the RIAA seriously believe they would have bought the album otherwise ?
I recognize that the RIAA thinks music powers everything , but no one bought the album because it was the best way to donate to Haiti .
And that last sentence is a total non sequitur .
What does humanitarian aid have to do with advancing the plight of artists ?
And who said that file sharing was " an effort to help advance the plight of artists " in the first place ?
No one .
The RIAA is just setting up bizarre totally unrelated strawmen to knock down .
But the much bigger issue is thatappears to be wrong .
It turns out that , while the albums are available via these unauthorized means , .
MusicAlly saw the RIAA 's blog post , and figured it would check in to see just how much downloading was going on to undermine those Haitian humanitarian efforts ... and discovered that very , very , very few people are downloading the album .
Considering the sales of the album topped the charts , a comparison was done between downloads of this album and Lady Gaga 's hit album , and they found that the charity album is barely noticeable :
In terms of specific numbers , MusicAlly explains :
In other words , despite the claims of the RIAA , file sharers certainly were n't " undermining " anything .
They certainly were n't particularly interested in downloading this album at all .
Looks like the RIAA has been caught making up arguments that have no relation to fact , yet again .
Filed Under : file sharing , haiti , humanitarian aid , riaa
Companies : riaa
Bin Laden : We Will Execute Americans If You Harm KSM U.S. official calls Osama 's threat the ' height of absurdity . '
March 25 , 2010  --
In an audiotape released Thursday , Osama bin Laden threatened to kill any captured Americans if the U.S. government executes accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Muhammad .
U.S. officials are trying to authenticate the message , but believe it is in fact bin laden 's message .
A U.S. counterterrorism official quickly responded to bin Laden 's message , telling ABC News , " It 's the height of absurdity for anyone associated with al - Qaeda to even suggest that -- now , at long last -- they 're going to start treating captives badly .
They may have forgotten Danny Pearl and all the others they 've slaughtered , but we have n't . "
" If this is Bin Laden and he wants to weigh in on legal proceedings involving 9/11 conspirators , I challenge him to show up in court to make his case , " the official added .
" Frankly , that 's about all the comment this deserves . "
The message first aired on Al - Jazeera television .
In the message , bin Laden said al Qaeda would take revenge against Americans if Muhammad , who has taken credit for planning the 9/11 attacks , or any other al Qaeda operatives in U.S. custody were to be executed .
U.S. military officials believe an American soldier captured in Afghanistan in 2009 , Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl is currently being held by an al Qaeda - affiliated insurgent group in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
Muhammad and four other senior al - Qaeda members are expected to be prosecuted for their roles in the 9/11 attacks after being held for years at Guantanamo .
This is the first bin Laden message since late January , when he addressed the Palestinian struggle against Israel .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
That 's just plain mean .
The family of a federal judge had just been brutally murdered .
And as Harold C. Turner remembered it , it seemed an opportune time for the F.B.I. to make use of his secret role as a confidential informant .
Sitting together at a New Jersey diner , the F.B.I. agents told Mr. Turner , an Internet radio host and provocateur , that they wanted his help identifying a killer , whom they believed to be a member of a white supremacist organization , Mr. Turner testified on Wednesday in United States District Court in Brooklyn .
Mr. Turner enjoyed a devoted following among such groups because of the racist and inflammatory views he espoused on his program .
The F.B.I. ’s request , Mr. Turner said , came with a suggestion : “ Ratchet up the rhetoric . ”
Mr. Turner said he immediately obliged .
That afternoon he posted a picture of the judge , Joan Humphrey Lefkow of Federal District Court in Chicago , on his blog below the headline “ Gotcha ! ”
He later appeared on television twice to discuss the case — for which he said he was paid by the F.B.I. — both times declaring Judge Lefkow “ worthy of death . ”
Becoming The Ghost
Ewan McGregor has often gravitated towards darker , edgier film roles , from his early days in Danny Boyle ’s Trainspotting and Shallow Grave through more recent fare like Ron Howard ’s Angels & Demons .
He has also moved fluidly between the indie and studio worlds of moviemaking , taking on roles that intrigue him , regardless of budgetary concerns .
His latest project , Roman Polanksi’s The Ghost Writer , feels like it straddles both worlds .
It ’s a production that clearly has money behind it but retains the intimate feeling of a smaller picture .
In very limited release last weekend , it opens in 39 more theaters today .
The new Polanski film , based upon Robert Harris ’ novel The Ghost , is the director ’s first foray into political thrillers .
It focuses on a successful ghost writer ( Ewan McGregor ) who is brought on board to finish the autobiography of Adam Lang ( Brosnan ) , an ex-British prime minister with a mysterious past .
The situation already bodes ill for The Ghost as his writing predecessor on the project died under mysterious circumstances .
As he digs deeper into Lang ’s past , The Ghost finds troubling information that could be hazardous not only to the project but his health .
ADD was among a small roundtable of journalists in New York who recently interviewed McGregor about The Ghost Writer .
The Scottish thespian was animated and loquacious , offering in - depth answers to all of the questions posed to him .
For more on Brosnan , McGregor and the new Polanski film , check out my recent Fandango feature .
Further , A.D.D. also has a story on Pierce Brosnan .
You ’re carrying a lot of this movie and have plenty of solo scenes .
How much more pressure is there on you to work on a film like this rather than an ensemble piece ?
In playing a leading role like this there is that pressure of carrying the film , but at the same time it ’s kind of the pressure that you ’ve looked for your whole life .
Leading roles like this come along every once in a while , and they ’re amazing parts .
It ’s what you aspire to , so the pressure becomes a pleasure , especially when you ’ve got somebody like Polanski at the helm and get the privilege of working alongside him every day for almost four months .
You ’re in good hands .
The Ghost was the kind of part to underplay , so I felt like it was n’t a very heavy weight to carry the film .
There ’s a ghostly quality about him .
He ’s just there , he ’s just present asking questions and discovering things and is the kind of character that is unimpressed .
There is a kind of “ fuck it ” quality about him that he is not that bothered by things , which allowed me to underplay it , so it was easy .
Could you talk about developing your character with Mr. Polanski and Mr. Harris ?
I spoke to Robert in the first week , but I did n’t meet him .
I went to Berlin and met Polanski when I got there .
I had n’t met him before .
We had spoken on the phone a few times , but I was working in the States and Roman was in Switzerland , so we did n’t have the chance to meet .
I would ’ve just played The Ghost with my accent — I rather would ’ve played him as a Scotsman — but I spoke to Robert about that , and he said that he had to be English .
There is a reference in the beginning of McAra ’s book — the ghost writer that I take over from — about Lang ’s family coming from Scotland , and he did n’t want there to be any confusion there .
So he had to be from England .
I also knew he went to Cambridge .
My first thought about someone that went to Cambridge is that they would have a standard English accent , like Olivia [ Williams ] has in the film .
I find it difficult to do that accent without feeling kind of posh , and I really wanted The Ghost not to be posh .
He ’s out of his depth when he ’s writing a book about the ex-British Prime Minister because he is used to writing about pop stars and magicians .
I wanted him to feel socially out of his depth , or his class , if you like .
We were doing the wardrobe fittings , and I had n’t read any of it with Polanski , and we only had two days to go before we started the shoot .
We were trying on clothes , and Roman appeared every now and then with coffee for people .
I said , “ Look , Roman , when I ’m finished here can we sit down and read some scenes , because if you do n’t like this accent I ’m going to have to think of something else quick . ”
He said of course .
So we started that night reading some scenes , and he did n’t really pay much attention to the accent .
He was really picky about how I was saying the lines .
Right from the word go I would start reading and he would go , “ No , no !
Why would you read it like this ? ”
And he would take my script and read it and say , “ You see ? ”
He would read the whole scene .
“ See ? ” And I went , “ Oh , yeah … ” I would read again and he would go , “ No , no ! ” He took the script and kept stopping me all the time , and after about four or five times of reading it he went , “ Yes !
Yes !
You see , you see ? ” I did n’t see .
I had no idea what I ’d done differently other than I was just a little more frightened than I was a minute ago .
This is just Polanski ’s way .
He ’s picky , picky , picky like that in rehearsal , and then when we start shooting he is much freer .
But at that point I did n’t know how he worked , so I was slightly taken aback .
The next morning I phoned up Harris on the way [ to the set ] from the back of the car and literally read him some scenes using the London accent that I gave The Ghost , just to see if he thought it was okay .
Polanski is Polish and speaks German , French and English , but whether he could hear the effect that the accent had I did n’t know .
So I sneakily double checked behind Roman ’s back with the writer , and he said it was all right .
Amazon.com Widgets
There ’s an atmosphere of total paranoia that runs through this movie .
What was it like on set ?
You ’re not that aware of it when you ’re shooting the film because he [ Roman ] really makes you look at the truth of it .
He pushes and pushes you to find the reality of the scene , to find the real details of it .
It ’s all quite performance - based in that there is only you and the other actors .
There are no other great methods employed when you ’re shooting it .
And he does allow you to take your time , and that might make it feel suspenseful , but at the time it feels like you ’re playing these scenes as they might actually happen .
He does n’t like to see any of the acting , so you drop that and you ’re left with the subtleties of the real situation .
I guess he is just incredibly clever with the way that ’s he shooting it , which is n’t something we discussed a lot on set .
He does n’t ever use long lenses .
He only really uses wide lenses .
It has a strange effect on us because it ’s quite similar to the human eye .
Usually on a movie set for a close - up the camera would be farther away with a big , long lens , and it would make the background go out - of - focus and your face would be sharp .
It ’s very beautiful .
It ’s kind of what gives film its beauty .
But he does n’t do that .
He has a 35 mm lens on or a 27 mm lens , which is quite wide , and he has a camera right up in your face .
It means that the world is n’t all fuzzy and beautifully out - of - focus behind us , and it makes you feel like it ’s more reflective of our human vision , so perhaps that as well makes us feel slightly more tense because we feel like we ’re in it , that we ’re not watching the film .
And then it is details .
Like in The Pianist , he had such brutal little details that made us feel like we connected to it .
People would walk past corpses without looking at them in the streets .
It was n’t mentioned , it was n’t talked about , there was no dialogue about it .
It ’s just what we saw .
During a dialogue scene you would notice a body going past that the actors did n’t look at .
That kind of detail is very clever and makes an impact on us that makes us feel that we ’re present or party to it somehow .
And we ca n’t leave that without talking about the music [ for The Ghost Writer ] because the music is amazing .
The music is 100 % of the tension as well and was really beautifully composed and brilliantly used to create tension .
Yes .
I ’m so lucky .
I thank my lucky stars for the people I ’ve worked with and the movies I ’ve made .
I ’m really happy with it .
Over the last couple of years I ’ve worked with some really great actors and great directors , and I was lucky enough to start off with Danny .
I started off with one of the best .
I like Danny .
We [ both ] work away .
There ’s a lot of good work there , and some is not as good as others , and every now and again there is one that spikes out and becomes a huge success and that ’s really nice .
I really value that I started with him .
I absolutely loved working with Danny , and I think we had a very special relationship as an actor and a director .
There was something quite unique about the relationship that we had , and being part of that team — Danny , Andrew [ McDonald ] and John [ Hodge ] , who were the director , producer and writer of Shallow Grave , Trainspotting and A Life Less Ordinary — was the most important thing in my life at that point .
It was like an identity for my acting , although in between the films I made with them I went off and worked for other people .
I was always his actor , and being part of the group was who I was as an actor .
I do n’t think so .
I ’ve never seen a script for it .
Maybe .
I ’d like to work with Danny again , although I do n’t know if I ’d want to do a sequel to Trainspotting .
It ’s an important movie and was important film for British cinema , and I would n’t want to tarnish its reputation by making a poor sequel .
I would n’t .
I do n’t think the book is as good as Trainspotting — that ’s not to say they could n’t come up with a good script , because they might — but I would n’t hold your breath .
MEXICO CITY , Mexico —
The world came to know them as the " miracle babies " of Mexico City , more than a dozen infants pulled from rubble after the devastating 1985 earthquake .
With more than 10,000 dead , the newborns — some not rescued until days after the quake — gave hope to a shocked nation .
The still unfolding stories of dramatic rescues in Haiti — of life emerging from the ruins — bring back vivid memories of Mexico City a quarter century ago .
The infants embodied a stubborn determination to hold on to life , a symbol of human resiliency amid disaster .
Mexico City's " ninos del sismo , " or the " children of the earthquake , " turn 25 this September .
They seem now to represent not just hope , but proof that , while the scars of the tragedy would forever alter their lives , the people of Mexico City eventually would recover from the devastation .
Some babies escaped physically unscathed by the quake , while others would grapple with lifelong disabilities .
Many , their mothers killed by the collapsing buildings , were taken in by aunts , uncles and grandparents .
A team of doctors , nurses and social workers has cared for them all these years .
Foreign donors provided funds to pay for their medical care and even their education .
Their caregivers say many have come to lead successful lives , while others have struggled .
Despite their traumas and injuries , the children of the earthquake today appear to be fairly typical young men and women :
Some are day laborers , another a pharmacist at the hospital where she was taken as a near - dead infant .
Some are unemployed .
All came from humble beginnings .
“ As babies , how did we survive all we did ?
The rocks , the lack of water ? ” asks Victor Hugo Hernandez , now 24 , who was born two days before the quake and later had both legs amputated .
“ It was a great miracle . "
A shattered city
The 8.1 - magnitude quake struck Mexico City on Sept. 19 , 1985 , followed by a 7.5 - magnitude aftershock one day later .
At least 10,000 people were killed , three times that number injured and 100,000 left homeless .
It was the biggest natural disaster in decades , in the most densely populated city in the hemisphere .
The first quake hit at 7:17 a.m. Juarez Hospital and General Hospital — the two biggest maternity centers for Mexico City ’s poor and working - class residents — were among the hardest hit .
They , like 400 other buildings throughout the city , simply collapsed .
Hundreds were killed , including doctors , nurses , orderlies and their patients — mothers and their tiny newborns .
Rescue teams from France , the United States and other countries , and dozens of volunteers from Mexico City ’s devastated neighborhoods , including family members of the victims , dug for days looking for survivors .
The Children ’s Hospital , next door to the General Hospital , somehow escaped major structural damage and the rescued children began arriving there almost immediately .
Of the 16 infants who were taken to the hospital , 14 would survive .
" We began receiving victims within hours , nine at first .
Over the next eight days or so seven more arrived , " says Dina Villanueva , a neo-natologist who headed the team of doctors , nurses and social workers that began caring for them .
In the early years , the hospital provided free , government - paid medical and dental care , including multiple internal and reconstructive surgeries , for the babies .
With money donated by individuals and groups in Mexico and Europe , hospital authorities set up a trust fund whose earnings have paid for medicine and educational expenses .
“ The hospital adopted them , ” says Jose Alberto Garcia Aranda , director of the Children ’s Hospital .
“ Life for them has not been easy . ”
The hospital never issued a report on the miracle babies to protect their privacy , he said .
That did not prevent Mexican TV stations and newspapers from focusing on members of the group during anniversaries of the quake each September , with a theme that might be called , “ One more year of life for the miracle babies . ”
Early on , the group ’s caregivers facilitated celebrations , sponsoring birthday parties , masses and other gatherings .
The last was in 2000 and was a sort of coming - of - age for the boys and a group “ quinceanera ” for the girls , all of whom were turning 15 .
To look at the " ninos " today as they approach a quarter century of life is to see a reflection of the hopes and dreams , some fulfilled and some dashed , of the Mexican people .
Claudia : “ Just let me play ”
Claudia Isabel Rios lives in the working - class Mexico City neighborhood of Azcapotzalco , where unemployment and burgeoning street crime are the biggest concerns for most residents .
She was born at the Juarez Hospital on Sept. 17 , 1985 , and arrived at the Children ’s Hospital with a broken left ankle , a severe laceration over her left eye and multiple abrasions .
Her mother died in the earthquake , so Claudia eventually went to live with her mother 's sisters .
Claudia Rios with her soccer trophies and newspaper clippings of the " miracle babies . "
( John Enders / GlobalPost )
“ I missed having a mother , but I did n’t ever know her , ” Claudia says .
Her aunts , both of whom she calls “ mom , ” and her uncle “ filled a big hole for me . ”
Claudia graduated from high school and now works in a factory that makes kitchen appliances .
But her life revolves around soccer .
She started playing in the streets with an all - boys neighborhood team at age 5 , and since 17 she has played on an all - female team called the Pumas , or Panthers .
“ For me , soccer is everything .
Sundays are sacred , ” Claudia says .
But , at 24 , she no longer aspires to join the Mexican women ’s national team , recognizing she is too old to join a major team .
An unusually outspoken feminist for this macho - dominated society , she says that girls have fewer opportunities than boys in Mexico .
Her aunts have sacrificed a lot by taking Claudia into their home .
“ I never married .
I dedicated myself to this girl .
She is enough , ” says her aunt Hortensia Juarez .
“ We do n’t have any inheritance to give her .
But we ’ve given her an education . ”
Theoretically , Claudia says , she would like to go back to school someday but ca n’t see any good reason to do so .
“ Why keep studying ?
There are doctors , college graduates driving taxis all over Mexico . ”
Araceli : Paying it back
“ She was always underweight , ” says Norma Lucia Vinas , the team 's other doctor , about Araceli Santamaria Romo , who is perhaps the most outwardly successful of the “ ninos del sismo . ”
Petite , usually wearing tight jeans and with her nails sporting bright acrylics , Araceli is known to everyone in the Children ’s Hospital , where she has worked for two years as a lab technician .
Every day , in the packed hallways and the sun - lit courtyard of the hospital , she greets many of those responsible for healing her and keeping her healthy after her rescue .
Araceli Santamaria Romo .
( John Enders / GlobalPost )
Araceli was born the day before the quake and rescuers took her to the Children ’s Hospital within hours of the disaster .
She had 37 broken bones , including her pelvis .
Her mother , Maria de Jesus Romo , was in another part of the hospital when the temblor hit and was rescued two days after her daughter .
Araceli says that the fame of the “ miracle babies ” has nothing to do with them , but rather is about what they symbolize .
“ It was a second chance , to have a second life , ” she says .
Araceli was always a good student and her mother used trust fund money to help send her to a private school for several years .
She later she obtained a scholarship to college , where she studied biology and chemistry as part of a pharmaceutical program .
She loves going to work at the Children ’s Hospital .
“ To me , it ’s like paying the hospital back .
I was a patient , and now it ’s my turn to serve , ” she says .
She hopes to pursue a master ’s degree .
Araceli , who calls herself an atheist , says she does not believe in miracles .
But she believes in fate .
“ One is destined for something , ” she says .
“ I have n’t found my destiny yet . ”
Milagros :
All in the name
Hortensia Hernandez was breastfeeding her baby , born just one hour before , when the earthquake struck .
They were in the maternity section of the General Hospital , and rescuers found them four days later .
She later named her baby Milagros Guadalupe for the milagro , or miracle , and the Virgin of Guadalupe , Mexico ’s patron saint .
Milagros does n’t like the name , thinking it pretentious , and goes by “ Lupita . ”
( The two Hernandez families are not related . )
Milagros Guadalupe Hernandez during a visit to the Children 's Hospital .
( John Enders / GlobalPost )
“ It was dark .
There were voices .
People were yelling , crying out , asking for help , ” she says , repeating what her mother has told her over the years .
“ The next day , many voices faded away . ”
Her mother was crushed , held down by the debris , and could not move even to feed her .
So she shared her saliva with the baby and “ prayed and prayed ” to the Virgin of Guadalupe .
Eventually , a search dog barked and another woman , apparently trapped nearby , yelled for help .
Hortensia by then could not speak .
The rescuers , helped by family members who spent days digging at the devastated hospital building , eventually found Hortensia and Milagros , but they never found the other woman .
Milagros suffered mostly cuts and bruises , but she also is missing the third knuckle on her left hand from a crushed bone that never developed .
It is a daily reminder to her , she says , of the disaster .
The youngest girl in a family of seven children , Milagros is an assistant to a building contractor and earns 200 pesos ( just over $ 16 ) a day .
She is married and has a 5 - year - old son .
She refers to the doctors , nurses and others at the Children ’s Hospital as “ my other family . ”
“ It has all made me think that we live for something , ” she says .
“ People tell me that I take life very seriously .
I feel we have to take advantage of every minute . ”
Jesus Francisco : Angry at the world
Jesus Francisco was born four days before the quake , but he and his mother had remained in the General Hospital so she could undergo a hysterectomy .
She had four children and did n’t want more .
They were in a room on the sixth floor , and she had just gone downstairs for something when the earth shook .
She died , and for five days her child , one arm and ribs crushed and with a severe head injury , lay jammed into a dirty , rat - infested space hardly bigger than a shoebox .
His aunt Graciela Rodriguez and her husband Leonardo — who later became Jesus ’ adopted parents — waited for days outside the hospital for news .
On their final day of waiting , Leonard had gone to another part of the city to check on family members .
When he returned , he says , as he choked down tears from the memory of it : “ They said , ‘he lives , he lives . ’
It was amazing . ”
Jesus , who refused to talk to a reporter about his life , left school early to work so he could help the family .
He worked for awhile at a gas station , but also at times has been “ desperately unemployed , ” says Leonardo .
“ He has physical problems with his legs .
He is resentful , he thinks life is unfair . ”
“ He says , ‘ I do n’t know why God did n’t just take me then , ’ ” Leonardo says .
When Jesus sees newscasts of the devastation in Haiti on the television , he quickly turns the channel .
He spends a lot of time in his bedroom with dark curtains over the window , listening to music .
He is impulsive and has an explosive temper , says the older man sadly .
But his adoptive parents have not given up on the young man , who underwent half a dozen major surgeries to repair a knee , a hip and his crushed mouth and cheek .
Doctors took one of his ribs and used that bone to rebuild his face .
“ The life he has , he has won , ” says Leonardo .
“ He is very strong , very courageous . ”
He tells his adopted parents he wants to return to school one day and become a social worker .
“ We do n’t have children , " says Leonardo .
" He ’s the only son we had . ”
25 years on
The life of each “ miracle baby ” was turned upside down and inside out .
Each had to deal with the tragedy of their infanthood , the cuts , bruises , crushed limbs and bones , and the emotional trauma that started on that September day almost 25 years ago .
For them , reminders of the catastrophe are everywhere .
Juana Jazmin Arias .
( John Enders / GlobalPost )
“ The hardest thing was seeing videos of 1985 every September in school , ” says Juana Jazmin Arias .
“ When we started school , everyone knew us .
They would ask , ‘ How do you feel ? ’
Children are very cruel sometimes . ”
Juana was born one day before the earthquake .
Her mother ’s body was never found .
All the “ miracle babies , ” like other Mexicans , are today left to cope with a national economic crisis , low wages and high unemployment , and a drug - related crime wave .
Their lot in life , and their challenges , are not unlike those facing the children and adults rescued in Haiti in recent weeks .
The 7.1 earthquake that hit Haiti on Jan. 12 was far smaller than the 8.1 quake in Mexico , but the magnitude of the catastrophe has been far greater .
Perhaps as many as 20 times as many people died in Haiti as in Mexico City , and the Haiti quake brought an entire country to its knees , while Mexico ’s economy , infrastructure and society appeared far more resilient .
For the orphaned and rescued Haitian children , their plight is not without precedent .
The " miracle babies " of Mexico City have been the poster children of survival for almost 25 years .
Some have done well , others have not .
But being alive is better than being dead .
With both of his thighs strapped into prostheses and a warm smile on his face , Victor Hernandez has grown up with strength , grace and optimism .
He wants to get a good job and get married .
He 's a happy person , he says , despite the 1985 earthquake .
" I lived it .
But I do n't remember it . "
John Enders covered the aftermath of the 1985 earthquake in Mexico City for the Oregonian newspaper .
Today , he is a freelance journalist specializing in Latin America .
He keeps a blog and can be reached at www.johnenders.com.
Richard Sennott photographed the earthquake aftermath for the Boston Herald .
A reader writes :
I do n't want to address any specific person whose email you printed , because maybe some of them have encountered legitimate sexism - which does exist .
But , while women have a lot of avenues to address potential earnings gaps , men like me have no means to seek recompense for the emotional toll taken out on us by the expected focus on our careers .
Call me a misogynist asshole , but I have to agree with Warren Farrell on this one .
Four years ago , I made a decision to move to a new city in search of better employment .
When I came to LA , I left behind a wonderful relationship with a woman who was much too good for me .
In the intervening four years , I 've gotten on a path towards a high - earning career .
However , I have also felt more emotional pain than in the rest of my life combined .
I 've hardly even had a date since working 70 - 80 hours a week .
I recently tried crawling back to my old girlfriend , but she wanted nothing to do with me .
Should my old girlfriend be legislated to take me back ?
Should women be required to date me ?
Of course not , we would all say .
I guess I 'm just expected to suffer in silence as all the attractive women my age date older guys with more money and nicer cars , and I have no opportunity for intimacy .
And that 's actually okay with me .
I 've made the choices I 've made , I am the person I am , and one day I 'll be on the winning end of this equation , assuming I 'm mentally and emotionally capable of sustaining this pace for more years on end .
But , I get sick and tired of women who want to treat the workplace as somehow separate from other parts of life .
There seems to be an attitude of : " I 'm going to party all through my twenties while I 'm young and hot , then have a family and be a mom and have a full - time career as well , and I 'm owed a dollar for every dollar anyone else makes , regardless of the priorities each of us has set up until this point in our lives . "
That ai n't life .
I wanted better career prospects , so I gave up love to get it .
If I had made the opposite decision , nobody would say that I was owed anything .
But if I do get successful , it is virtually certain that I will be regarded in some circles as just another beneficiary of a system ( Hollywood , in my case ) set up only to promote or benefit white men .
Nobody will give a shit about the sacrifices I made .
That 's how I , as a man born in the mid-eighties - long after the high - water mark of sexual discrimination - perceive much of what passes for feminism these days .
It 's an excuse that women have that men do n't .
I 'm forced into a box ( the " earn lots of money " box ) just as much as a woman is ( the " have a family " box ) , but women are given tons of sympathy for the things they miss out on .
I 'm not given any sympathy at all .
Instead , to the extent that I can even bring myself to talk about my personal problems , I 'm thought of as a loser for not having ( or wanting to have ) casual sex with multiple partners .
I 'm somehow inadequate .
And you know what ?
I FEEL inadequate .
I just do n't have anyone to officially blame for it .
This post is a response to reader questions asking how , in my previous post on Replacing Core Data Key Paths , I knew that the biggest performance problem in my initial approach was the incremental reallocation of NSMutableSet .
In this post , I 'll look at basic time and memory profiling on the Mac and talk about the most common types of scenario to look for when you 're trying to solve performance problems .
Introduction
In my previous post , Performance Tests : Replacing Core Data Key Paths , I presented a simple category to improve Core Data key path fetching by 25% - 35 % ( actually the improvement was much greater at small set sizes but they rarely matter ) .
The improvement worked by using property accessors to access the Core Data values instead of looking up the properties by string name .
However , the original " naïve " approach that I used to do this actually took more than twice as long as the original Core Data string key paths .
This week , I 'll look at how I analyzed this code and how I worked out where the performance bottleneck was .
The code to analyze
The purpose of the code was to replace this :
NSSet * projectNames = [ company valueForKeyPath : @ " projects.name " ] ;
with this :
NSSet * projectNames = [ company .
projects slowObjectValuesForProperty : @selector ( name ) ] ;
But , as the " slow " in the method name reveals .
The initial approach was slower — by approximately a factor of 2 .
The implementation of the slowObjectValuesForProperty : method is really simple .
Let 's look at it :
- ( NSSet * ) slowObjectValuesForProperty : ( SEL ) propertySelector { NSMutableSet * result = [ NSMutableSet set ] ; for ( id object in self ) { id value = [ object performSelector : propertySelector ] ; if ( value ) { [ result addObject : value ] ; } } return result ; }
The test harness that I 'll be using will be the Property Accessors project from the Performance Tests : Replacing Core Data Key Paths post , with all tests except the " Key Path Accessor " and " slowObjectValuesForProperty : accessor " ifdef 'd out .
Time profiler
The first approach you should use when your code is n't running as fast as desired is a basic time profile .
As preparation for this , you should make sure that the test will run for long enough to give useful test results .
Time profiling works by suspending the program at regular intervals and reading the program 's current position .
This amounts to a random sampling over time .
But these random samples wo n't be helpful unless there are enough in your time critical code .
Increase your data size or put the code you 're looking at in a loop and try to make it run for at least 2 seconds .
For this test , I set the NumCompanies and NumProjectsPerCompany to 100 ( giving a total data size of 10,000 project names ) and further set the NumTestIterations to 1000 ( so this test will fetch 10 million names in total ) .
This gives the following test durations :
Key Path set iteration test took 4.13078 seconds .
Slow objectValuesForProperty : test took 8.83262 seconds .
By default , the Time Profiler will sample once every millisecond .
If your tests cover a large amount of code , you 'll need more samples — so either make your tests run longer or increase the sample frequency ( Time Profiler can go as fast as 20 μs ) .
Build the project ( but do n't run it directly from Xcode ) .
Then select the " Run→Run with Performance Tool → Time Profiler " menu .
You can also use " Shark " for this but they both work in a similar way and the Time Profiler runs in Instruments which has a nicer , newer interface ( although Shark can track a few lower level metrics that Instruments still lacks ) .
i Phone note : The Time Profiler is not available to iPhone projects .
For iPhone projects , select the " CPU Sampler " in the " Run with Performance Tool " menu .
The " CPU Sampler " is higher overhead and cannot sample as often or as rigorously but will normally provide similar information .
The PropertyAccessors test will self - run , so you can just watch it go .
For other projects where some interactivity may be required , you 'll need to interact with the program until it runs the code you want to examine .
If your test has a short duration or a large amount of code , you may need to click the " i " next to the " Time Profiler " Instruments icon at the top to change the sample rate to get good coverage for your program ( you 'll need to rerun the test if you make this change ) .
Your window should look like this .
If it does n't , make sure the " Detail " view is visible ( you wo n't need the " Extended Detail " view ) .
Also make sure the " Call Tree " view is selected in the " Detail " view ( it 's the icon at the bottom of the window that looks like three horizontal lines stacked slightly askew ) .
Once the program finishes , uncheck the " Invert call tree " checkbox in the left column then expand the " Main Thread → start → main " elements and we 'll see the most expensive steps in the main ( ) function ( which is where all the tests are run in this project ) .
The top item in the main ( ) function is the fetchObjectSetForRequest : method but we 're not looking at that here ( it 's just Core Data loading and prefaulting the entire database ) .
Instead , we want to know why the second item , slowObjectValuesForProperty : , takes 2.23 times longer than the third item , valueForKeyPath : .
Expanding the tree from the slowObjectValuesForProperty : method twice , we see CFBasicHashAddValue ( ) occupies almost all of this method 's time .
If we expand the valueForKeyPath : call tree 7 times , we can see the same CFBasicHashAddValue ( ) is used to create the set here but for some reason , this function only takes 1402 milliseconds here , compared to 5996 milliseconds for the slowObjectValuesForProperty : method .
The same function , acting on the same data .
But one takes 4 times longer than the other .
What is the explanation ?
There are two possible answers : either the slow case is suffering from poor memory caching performance , or it is acting repeatedly and is slow due to repetition .
Object allocations
Shark can measure event counts ( like cache misses and memory bandwidth ) if you actually think that 's the cause of a problem but it 's unlikely to be the problem here .
In most situations where the Time Profile is n't clear cut , the best thing to try here is a object allocation analysis .
As with the Time Profile , we run the Object Allocations performance tool from " Run→Run with Performance Tool → Object Allocations " menu in Xcode .
Again , switch to the " Call Tree " view and make sure " Invert Call Tree " and " Separate by Category " are off .
Additionally , right - click ( or control click ) in the table header of the " Detail " view and make certain that " Count " and " Bytes " columns are both enabled .
If you navigate into " Main Thread → start → main → slowObjectValuesForProperty : " , then follow the biggest allocation 4 times and you 'll see that __CFBasicHashRehash is responsible for allocating almost all of this method 's memory .
Similarly navigating into the valueForKeyPath : of the other test , reveals the same method 7 levels in allocates a majority of this method 's memory .
However , there are three big differences between the memory performances of the __CFBasicHashRehash in each case :
The slowObjectValuesForProperty : version performs 800,000 allocations whereas the valueForKeyPath : version performs exactly 100,000 ( equal to the number of tests ) .
The slowObjectValuesForProperty : version allocates 210.57
MB whereas the valueForKeyPath : version allocates just 97.66MB .
The slowObjectValuesForProperty : version is found inside CFSetAddValue where the valueForKeyPath : version is found inside CFSetCreate .
From the first point , it would appear that the presumption that the slow version is slow because it unnecessarily repeats itself is looking accurate — it is repeatedly reallocating .
The second point also suggests that the slow method is wasting extra memory ( which is probably causing mild performance penalities ) .
On low memory systems , this would be even worse .
The third point suggests why the first two might be the case : the slow method needs to reallocate as it adds more data .
Understand what the code you 're invoking does
All this helps to identify where your program is spending its time .
From here , you could probably work out that allocating the NSMutableSet once , instead of repeatedly as you go , is a good idea .
Of course , you need to confirm this by applying your changes and testing .
Changing this code to allocate once instead of repeatedly as it goes is easy — it takes a matter of seconds .
You do need to be wary though about spending too long optimizing code on a whim .
The more involved the code change , the more confident you should be that you 're actually fixing a problem and not inspecting irrelevant code or making unhelpful changes .
This is where it helps to really understand the code you 're playing with .
For example : the reason why moving to a single allocation with the NSMutableSet above is helpful , is not actually directly because of the allocation itself — since the biggest block of time inside slowObjectValuesForProperty : that we 're trying to optimize is spent in __CFStringEqual and memcmp when you drill all the way down ; it is not spent in malloc itself .
Instead , I know that whenever NSMutableSet resizes , it needs to rehash every single object back into the newly resized hash table .
It is this rehashing that is hammering the __CFStringEqual and memcmp functions ( since they are the functions used to hash and detect collisions in the hash table ) .
Yes , reducing reallocations makes it faster but the biggest reason for this improvement is the nature of hashed storage : because reducing reallocations reduces the need to rehash .
As I reported in the original post , fixing this allocation so that it happens just once will speed this code up by 2.6 times but it is important to understand that the need to rehash is why this change helped — other reallocation situations may not gain as much as we have here .
Finding the best candidates for speed improvements
Generally though , allocations and reallocations are always a prime place to look .
Large allocations are expensive to move around in RAM , millions of small , irregular allocations can fragment memory and every allocation normally needs to be initialized , incurring some kind of expense .
Even with NSArray , which does n't need to rehash when it reallocates , there is still a copy of the elements from the old array to the new one .
The performance gain will not be as great but it is still a place to squeeze extra performance .
When optimizing , the first things to look for are :
Memory allocations .
They 're easy to find and easy to tweak .
They do n't always give the best performance improvements but they 're a good first point to examine .
.
They 're easy to find and easy to tweak .
They do n't always give the best performance improvements but they 're a good first point to examine .
Iteration over large arrays to find elements .
If you need to search large arrays often , you should be storing in a dictionary or other constant time access structure .
Depending on the size of the array , this can be a near 100 % speed improvement .
i.e. never , ever search anything bigger than a trivial array .
.
If you need to search large arrays often , you should be storing in a dictionary or other constant time access structure .
Depending on the size of the array , this can be a near 100 % speed improvement .
i.e. never , ever search anything bigger than a trivial array .
Nested loops over medium to large data sets .
Easy to find .
Eliminate the nesting if you can .
Although they can be hard to eliminate since you need to rethink how you access your data but you can often do something to reduce their impact .
If you have 1 loop inside another , always put the smallest loop ( in terms of number of elements ) inside the bigger one if you can , since memory scales better to doing small packets of work huge numbers of times .
. Easy to find .
Eliminate the nesting if you can .
Although they can be hard to eliminate since you need to rethink how you access your data but you can often do something to reduce their impact .
If you have 1 loop inside another , always put the smallest loop ( in terms of number of elements ) inside the bigger one if you can , since memory scales better to doing small packets of work huge numbers of times .
Anything non-polynomial on more than trivial data sets .
Non-polynomial actions are the slowest , worst things you can do .
They are occasionally required but if at all possible , think up another design .
What 's non-polynomial ?
Anything where the number of packets of work involved in processing a collection grows greater than polynomially with respect to the size of the collection ( i.e. if the packets of work are " y " and the number of objects in the collection is " x " , then non-polynomial means the number of packets of work exceed y=x ^a for large values of x , where a is any constant ) .
Exponential growth ( i.e. y=a^x ) or factorial ( i.e. y=x ! ) are the most common kinds of non-polynomial growth .
If all this is confusing , then at least know the common case : trying to find an ordering or arrangement for a set of objects by exhaustively testing every combination is non-polynomial .
You may be tempted to think that pervasive multi- threading , OpenCL , SSE vectorization or assembly optimizations are the best way to solve performance issues , since they are all " high performance " technologies and the fastest programs all use them in some combination .
However , these technologies are much harder to implement than simple design improvements so they should always be something you consider once you 're sure that the design can't be further improved .
Conclusion
The first rule with optimization is that you should always optimize based on evidence .
Do n't begin to optimize if you can't find a bottleneck or create one with data .
Optimizing without actual evidence of a bottleneck ( just suspicion that there might be one in future ) is called " Premature Optimization " and is normally considered a waste of time .
However , even once you know where the bottleneck is , you need to know what is causing it .
If the code is small , you can just play with it to see what happens but generally you need to inspect closely .
It is surprisingly easy to make the wrong guesses about what is causing performance issues and waste time changing code for no gain .
I hope I 've shown you how to gather the information you need to understand simple performance problems and the types of clues you 'll need to narrow down the locations in your code that can be improved .
The CEO of Lifelock , Todd Davis , became famous for advertising his Social Security number on television ads and billboards promising his $ 10 monthly service would protect consumers from identity theft .
The company also offered a $ 1 million guarantee to compensate customers for losses incurred if they became a victim of identity theft after signing up for the service .
But the Federal Trade Commission said Tuesday that the claims were bogus ( .pdf ) and accused Lifelock , based in Arizona , of operating a scam and con operation .
The commission announced , along with 35 state attorneys general , that it had levied a fine of $ 12 million against the company for deceptive business practices and for failing to secure sensitive customer data .
Of that amount , $ 11 million will go to refund customers who subscribed to the service .
Consumers will receive a letter from the FTC and their attorney general explaining how to take part in the settlement .
The FTC said that Lifelock , which advertises itself as " #1 In Identity Theft Protection , " engaged in false advertising by promising customers that if they signed up with its service their personal information would become useless to thieves .
" In truth , the protection they provided left such a large hole ... that you could drive that truck through it , " said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz , referring to a Lifelock TV ad showing a truck painted with the CEO 's Social Security number driving around city streets .
The company , he said , used scare tactics to convince potential customers they would be unprotected from identity theft without its service , and of warning them in letters that they were at a high risk of identity theft .
" I was a recipient of one letter , " Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan said .
For the annual subscription fee , Lifelock promised customers that it would place fraud alerts on their credit accounts with the three credit reporting agencies .
As a result , the company said , thieves would not be able to open unauthorized credit or bank accounts in their name .
But Leibowitz said the promises were deceptive because thieves could still rack up unauthorized charges on existing accounts – the most common type of identity theft .
It also could n't protect thieves from obtaining a loan in a Lifelock customer 's name .
In fact , Lifelock CEO Davis was the victim of identity theft in 2007 when a thief used his widely advertised Social Security number to obtain a $ 500 loan in Davis ' name .
Lifelock also promised customers that sensitive data they provided the company to perform its protection services – such as their Social Security number , name and address and bank card information – would be encrypted and protected in other ways on Lifelock 's servers and accessed only by authorized employees on a need - to - know basis .
" Your documents , while in our care , will be treated as if they were cash , " the company promised .
In truth , the FTC said , until at least September 2007 , the company failed to provide " reasonable and appropriate security to prevent unauthorized access to personal information stored on its corporate network " either in transit through the network , stored in a database or transmitted over the internet .
None of the data was encrypted , said the FTC , either in storage or in transit .
The company also had poor password management practices for employees and vendors who accessed the information .
Lifelock also failed to limit access to sensitive data to only those people who needed access .
What 's more , the company failed to apply critical security patches and updates to its network and " failed to employ sufficient measures " to detect and prevent unauthorized access to its network , " such as by installing antivirus or antispyware programs on computers used by employees to remotely access the network or regularly recording and reviewing activity on the network , " the complaint said .
The latter is particularly ironic .
Lifelock often promoted its services to companies that experienced data breaches , convincing them to offer a complimentary Lifelock subscription to people whose data was compromised in a breach .
All the while , the FTC claims , Lifelock was making its own customer information vulnerable to a breach .
" As a result of these practices , an unauthorized person could obtain access to personal information stored on defendants ' corporate network , in transit through defendants ' corporate network or over the internet , or maintained in defendants ' offices , " according to the complaint .
According to the terms of an FTC settlement agreement with Lifelock to settle the allegations , the company must inform consumers about the limitations of its service .
The company will also have to implement a data security program to protect the customer data it handles .
" As long as the company is honest and up front and lets consumers know what they 're getting and has adequate security safeguards for customer information , we wish them well , " said Leibowitz .
Lifelock said in a statement that , in October , it " rolled out the next generation of identity theft protection services that provide even better and broader protection to its valued members . "
The company added that its new - and - improved service , which was not the subject of the FCC inquiry , has prevented more than 5,000 fraudulent credit applications .
The company and its owners have been at the center of controversy for a number of years .
According to an investigative report by the Phoenix New Times in 2007 , Lifelock co-founder Robert Maynard Jr. , was suspected at one time of being an identity thief himself and stealing his father 's identity to obtain an American Express card .
He had also been the target of another FTC investigation involving a previous business venture unrelated to Lifelock .
Maynard resigned from the company after news of his past was published , but he continued to work for the firm as a contractor .
See also :
MassResistance , which has the distinction of being one of the few organizations classified as an anti-gay hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center , just sent out an email bragging that the organization was invited to attend a breakfast meeting with Sen.
Scott Brown earlier this week which included this photo of Brown with MassResistance head Brian Camenker :
US Senator Scott Brown held an impromptu breakfast Feb. 20 in South Boston to connect with representatives of his grassroots activist supporters .
It included key Republican activists , Tea Party activists , and others ( even some Democrats ) .
South Boston activists invited MassResistance to join the event as the major pro-family action group .
The Brown people seem well aware who his base is , and he genuinely wants to stay connected with them …
The meeting was at the Playwright Restaurant and Bar on West Broadway .
Brown strolled in a few minutes early with just an aide .
Sen .
Brown mingled and spoke individually with people for quite a while .
He talked about a range of topics .
And he wanted us to feel comfortable contacting his office if we needed to , and said that he would represent the average person ’s interests .
Then everyone sat down and had breakfast .
Later , he gave a short speech and left for his next appointment .
…
A meeting like this in Massachusetts is really quite astonishing .
Although the liberals get this kind of meeting all the time ( e.g. , the current governor regularly meeting with MassEquality ) , the idea of a U.S. Senator ( or any major politician ) sitting down with real conservative activists is simply unheard of .
Certainly no recent Republican governor – Bill Weld , Paul Cellucci , Jane Swift , or Mitt Romney – would have ever done this .
They often met with liberal activists , but they were uncomfortable around conservatives and kept them at a distance .
But Brown ’s message was that he ’s willing to listen to us and take us seriously .
And despite years of politics and sudden national fame , he has n’t become elitist or condescending — which also makes him an oddity among politicians here .
Two psychologists working on the Bush administration ’s enhanced interrogation techniques pushed for the use of “ mock burials ” on terror suspects , according to documents released by the Department of Justice .
Blogger Marcy
Wheeler reports that the Department of Justice rejected a request from psychologists Bruce Jessen and James Mitchell to give the CIA the power to pretend to bury terror suspects during interrogations in the years after the 9/11 attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
A report ( PDF , 289 pages ) from the Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility , released last Friday , documents ten interrogation techniques approved by Bush administration lawyers Jay Bybee and John Yoo .
But Wheeler notes that the psychologists had requested twelve techniques .
One of those two techniques has already been revealed to be prolonged diapering .
Wheeler uncovers evidence that the other one was mock burial .
“ There must have been significant discussion about the decision to exclude mock burial from the [ list of approved enhanced interrogation techniques ] , because the reference to its exclusion in the report itself ( PDF page 60 in the Final Report ) includes a page and a half of redactions following the discussion of leaving it out , ” Wheeler reports .
Wheeler also suggests that the revelations about mock burial could be potentially incriminating for the CIA .
“ Any legal discussion of why mock burial would be a problem would focus on how torture statutes prohibit the threat of imminent death , ” Wheeler writes .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Yet after mock burial was specifically excluded as a torture technique , CIA torturers went on to threaten detainees with a power drill and a gun .
In other words , someone at that CIA had already been told , specifically , that they could not use the threat of imminent death on detainees .
But on at least two occasions , they did so anyway . ”
A CIA inspector general ’s report , released last summer , documented cases of CIA interrogators using “ mock executions ” to intimidate suspects , including one instance in which a gun was fired in an adjoining room to make a suspect think another prisoner had been shot .
Jessen and Mitchell , the two psychologists reportedly behind the idea to carry out mock burials , came from SERE , or “ Survival , Evasion , Resistance , and Escape , ” a military program designed to teach soldiers how to resist torture when captured .
They were contracted to work for the CIA after 9/11 , and were tasked with teaching CIA interrogators some of the harsh methods they learned to defend against at SERE .
The techniques covered by SERE appear to be the basis for the enhanced interrogation program run under the Bush administration .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2008 , the Pentagon banned the use of SERE techniques in interrogations .
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo. – “ Government has a responsibility to assist people in these hard economic times , ” former United Auto Workers member Clem Smith told a crowd of about 150 protesters on the state Capitol steps here March 4 .
Smith , now a machinist employed at Boeing , knows first - hand the positive role government can play in creating job opportunities for the unemployed .
In May 2009 , like thousands of other Missouri Chrysler employees , Smith was laid off .
“ After 13 years of loyal service , ” he told the People ’s World , “ I was unemployed .
I looked for a job .
I got my resume in order .
But there were no jobs . ”
Fortunately for Smith , he was able to get into a state - funded training program run by St. Louis Community College that “ allowed my auto work experience to translate into aerospace work . ”
After being accepted into the jobs training program , Smith attended 10 weeks of training at the St. Louis Career Center .
“ It is precisely these types of government - funded training programs that can help the dislocated , the under - employed and the unemployed get back to work , ” Smith said .
“ It is precisely these types of programs that can provide the jobs that can get our economy back on track , not corporate bailouts . ”
Unfortunately , Rex Sinquefield , a retired multi-millionaire investment banker , wants to do away with state - funded programs by getting rid of Missouri ’s income tax .
Missouri uses income taxes to pay for vital public services .
Everything from health care , to education and training programs , to public transportation , to the fire and police departments relies on income taxes .
While using his personal wealth to buy influence in the state legislature , Sinquefield is also the main funder of a statewide ballot initiative to eliminate income taxes in Missouri ’s largest cities .
He wants to replace the income tax with increased sales taxes , a regressive tax disproportionatey affecting low - income , cash - strapped communities .
Robin Acree , from rural Missouri - based Grass Roots Organizing ( GRO ) , told the crowd , “ We need the lawmakers to work for us , not millionaires .
We need jobs , infrastructure and health care , not tax cuts for the rich . ”
“ This is the Show - Me State , ” she continued .
“ Show us some real results ! ”
Jennifer Whittler , a single mother from Mexico , Mo. , works full time and goes to school .
She has no health care .
She asked , “ Where ’s my bailout ? ”
“ I could n’t afford to keep working , stay in school and care for my daughter without relying on my parents for a place to live .
I work hard and I still ca n’t make it in this economy , ” Whittler added .
Pointing to the Capitol dome , she continued , “ They are trying to cut social service programs by eliminating the income tax .
All they care about are the people with the money , the people lining their pockets . ”
Bradley Harmon , president of the Missouri State Workers union , told the crowd , “ We need to make the people in this building feel uncomfortable .
It is time for us to be serious about making corporations pay their fair share .
It is time for us to have an economy that works for working people . ”
Harmon ’s union represents the state workers at the Department of Social Services , Youth Services and the unemployment offices .
As budget cuts continue to worsen not only are state workers facing lay - ffs , but the people they service also face longer lines , more waiting and less access to vital public services .
Brenda Procter , a co-founder of GRO , discussed the need to raise revenue in the state by closing corporate tax loopholes .
“ Moms pay taxes on diapers , but rich people pay no taxes on yachts .
Is that fair ? ” she asked .
“ Is that right ? ”
Procter was referring to the state ’s yacht sales tax exemption , a loophole designed to give the rich a free ride .
To generate revenue Procter suggested that Missourians “ reform our tax structure .
Currently , if I make $ 9,000 or $ 900,000 I pay the same tax rate . ”
“ We need solutions besides cutting social services , ” she added .
Following the rally , protesters went to a Sinquefield - financed consulting office to deliver demands that Sinquefield resign from the Show - Me Institute , a Missouri - based right - wing think tank .
“ We ’re tired of Sinquefield ’s shenanigans and radical experiments with Missouri ’s future , ” Acree said .
“ We wo n’t rest until Rex and his corporate cronies take their hands off our government , our democracy and start paying their fair share , ” she concluded .
Updated .
An earlier version of this article incorrectly identified Brenda Procter ’s affiliation .
Aepona provides software products and service delivery solutions to Telcos globally , allowing them to emerge in the NaaS business model and unleash the full potential of their network assets .
The company won the GSMA Global Mobile Award in 2008 and this year they were yet short listed for the award due to their launch of the world ’s first commercial implementation of OneAPI .
Ross Garrett told us about mobile cloud computing and how they are working with the GSMA , a very interesting project that is worth watching in this video interview .
A front page story in this morning ’s Washington Post explains why DC ’s legalization of gay marriage has been good for the DC economy :
As the first same - sex couples married in Washington on Tuesday , the city is in the national spotlight as a pioneer in the gay - rights movement .
But local officials say the historic event also has more practical implications for a city grappling with 12 percent unemployment : jobs .
A study by the nonprofit Williams Institute predicted that legalizing same - sex marriage will create 700 jobs and contribute $ 52.2 million over three years to the local economy .
“ We think it ’s a great opportunity to capitalize on groups that will be coming to Washington , ” said Elliott Ferguson , chief executive of Destination D.C. , the city ’s tourism and marketing arm .
“ It ’s the nation ’s capital .
It ’s symbolic . ”
Businesses are already lining up to cater to what Forbes estimated is a $ 16.8 billion national market .
A local restaurant answered the phone Tuesday with “ Happy gay marriage day . ”
Organizers of the city ’s first gay and lesbian wedding expo , planned for spring at the Renaissance Hotel in Dupont Circle , said hotels were jockeying to host the expo — a dramatic change from the days when hotels were reluctant to put signs with same - sex couples ’ names in the lobby .
It makes great sense to me .
I know from just casual observation that some of the nicest parts of Rehoboth Beach , DE , with the most beautiful ( and pricey ) homes , are the parts known to have a high concentration of gay homeowners .
This may be stereotyping , but gay people do seem to like to shop ( certainly more than the average run-of - the - mill heterosexual male who is one half of most “ couples ” ) , and they do seem to have above - average taste and style .
So legalizing gay marriage means there will be some unusually tasteful and stylish ( and probably expensive ) weddings , honeymoons , home furnishings , etc .
Good for the economy , for sure .
And because there ’s this thing called the sales tax ( which is pretty high in DC – 10 % for restaurant meals , meaning wedding receptions ! ) , gay marriage will be good for government budgets as well .
It reminds me of the economic argument I ’ve heard for why we should legalize marijuana .
And I think when prohibition ( of alcoholic beverages ) ended , that was probably pretty good for the economy , too .
I mean , where would all that Super Bowl commercial revenue come from if it were n’t for ( legal ) beer ?
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
I remember vividly the first time I saw an animal slaughtered at our home in Sudan .
The hapless sheep was brought to the house and tethered in the garden days before the Eid festival .
My sisters and I fed it , watered it and giggled at its silly bleats outside our bedroom windows at night .
I was vaguely aware that this sheep was to provide food for us , but as a five - year - old had not fully grasped the concept until I walked out on Eid morning just in time to see the butcher slit its throat .
Having spent my first few years in a non-Muslim country , I had grown familiar with anthropomorphised animals on TV , in children 's books and bedtime stories .
We bought our meat from halal butchers , but never saw it killed .
So , arriving back in Sudan , I was somewhat more sensitive about the slaughter process than other children in my family and neighbourhood .
That fateful day , our neighbour 's two boys dropped by to witness the killing .
Once the sheep was dead , the butcher sliced an aperture in its body and blew air between its skin and its flesh – a practice that makes skinning easier .
As the carcass inflated , the two boys punched it gleefully .
Sorry to be graphic .
I could go on .
It was pretty gruesome .
The poor animal certainly did not die immediately , since the religious stipulation on halal slaughter is that it must bleed to death .
The logic behind this is that remaining blood in the body may become polluted and harmful to humans .
By the time I eventually moved to the UK , my original cuddly approach towards animals had been eroded by years of mini-abattoirs in the back garden .
If anything , the whole process had begun to take on pleasant associations as sheep were only ever slaughtered at our home in celebration of a happy event .
Brian Sewell , the art critic , had his own reverse epiphany , having previously consumed " half a calf 's head in a Brussels brasserie , tête de veau complete with ear , eye and half muzzle , the cheek , the tongue and brain " like an " unthinking glutton " , he found his unflinching carnivorousness did not translate to indifference towards the way his meat was killed .
When he witnessed halal and shechita slaughter , he saw animals kicked , bludgeoned and felled so that the butcher could get at their necks .
Is n't there some hypocrisy in heartily consuming meat but being precious about how animals are butchered ?
Apart from lethal injection in a Swiss clinic somewhere , I cannot imagine that any method of execution is particularly pleasant .
If you 're squeamish about the killing , surely vegetarianism is the only tenable position .
My own culture is less squeamish , more unequivocal .
The shorter distance from farm gate to plate makes it so .
In trying somehow to find some solace for the sheep killed in the back garden I asked my mother whether animals go to animal heaven .
She said : " No , animals do n't have souls , they were put on Earth to feed us . "
So that was that .
The issue of legislation on halal and schechita slaughter in the UK is a thorny one .
In 2003 , The Farm Animal Welfare Council advised that the practice must end as it involves " severe suffering to animals " .
The halal method of slaughter is exempted from a legal requirement to stun animals first .
In halal terms , stunning is undesirable as there is a risk the animal may die before its throat is cut .
The response from religious representatives is that once the throat is slit loss of consciousness is instantaneous and the animal does not feel any pain while bleeding to death as the brain is deprived of blood .
Whether one buys this or not , the dilemma is whether religious values should trump secular ethical ones when it comes to animal rights .
In attempting to regulate an industry with no common standard by defaulting to the former , legislation also allows for the abuse of consumers who sometimes end up paying higher prices for meat products that are either falsely labelled as halal or were produced in factories were the definition of halal slaughter was stretched very thin .
I visited a halal poultry factory in London once where the religious blessing ( another stipulation of halal slaughter ) was broadcast over a tannoy as the birds , suspended upside down on a conveyor belt , had their necks sliced in one deft slash .
A most surreal experience , which highlighted the absurdity of literal translation of religious edicts .
Although halal and kosher methods are by no means merciful , banning them could drive already loosely regulated practices underground .
Regulators are probably relieved that so much attention is focused on religious groups at a time when battery farming is still rife and society is struggling to come to grips with mass consumption of animals while maintaining humane levels of farming and butchery .
Cracking down on halal and shechita slaughter is a disingenuous , albeit worthy cause .
But perhaps that 's just me .
Blame it on my mother .
You 've been diligently checking back on our guide to the best times to buy anything , all year round at the start of every month , right ?
No ?
Well , let 's go ahead and refresh your memory on what 's discounted and off - season in March .
Advertisement
Our own Jason Fitzpatrick took the time to expand on his original year - long illustration of well - timed buying , whipping up a little reminder for the month of March .
Here 's the full version , which you can click for a larger view , or right - click to save for later :
Advertisement
Here 's a little explication on what we recommend taking a look at this month .
Keep in mind that these tips are n't " Run out and buy this , " so much as , " If you were considering this purchase , now would be a good time to look . "
Throughout winter ( Jan. , Feb. , March )
Gas grills & air conditioners :
They 're a bit cheaper now because it 's obviously an off - season time to buy them .
The selection might be a bit limited , but , really , there wo n't be major , life - changing events in the fields of freon - based cooling or flame - based cooking between now and late May .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Homes :
It 's actually a mixed bag for those looking to buy a home right now .
If you and the seller can sign a " binding sales contract " before April 30 , the $ 8,000 federal housing tax credit can land in your lap .
And those looking to sell their homes in winter can be both those with serious intent to move ( read : " motivated sellers " ) and , under the right circumstances , negotiated with for a lower , off - peak price .
Then again , the selection and appearance of homes this time of year is n't usually ideal , so you 'll have to be willing to dig around and look past the superficial to find a true bargain .
Best buys in March
Winter coats & sporting goods :
As the Frugal Fun site explains , and other deal - seekers verify , the season to sell people warm coats , gloves , scarves , and other gear is right near the end , and to make room for the spring stock , stores are selling it all off at a discount .
The same goes for snowboards , ski gear , and other winter activity accessories .
Advertisement
Luggage :
It 's an odd season , halfway between the periods when most cold - weather residents do most of their warm - weather traveling .
Luggage makers are getting ready to roll out new wares , and stores are looking to drop the stock they 've got .
Frozen food :
Yeah , it 's one of those goofy " months " that seem like they do n't need a month .
But during National Frozen Food Month , your own nearby grocers might be offering discounts and coupons on stuff that can hold for a long time .
How long ?
The USDA explains it in a handy chart :
Advertisement
Boats : According to MSN Money / Bankrate.com , March is the tail end of the winter boat show season , so there 's a good chance you 'll catch a dealer looking to both make a splash with a reasonable price , and see both last year 's and this year 's models .
We 're aiming to do this kind of update every month this year , and if we discover new items and deals along the way , we 'll eventually update our big ol ' year - round buying guide .
If you 've found March to be a great time to buy something , by all means , spread the wealth in the comments .
Advertisement
The Star Wars movement has fascinated a lot of people during the last 30 + years becoming a worldwide phenomenon .
It started with a movie , then another two followed the first and along with them a huge franchise that includes books , television series , video games , lego toys and comic books .
It appears that among the Star Wars fans there are some designers who recreated or made new characters .
These talented artists have made the beautiful illustrations that you will see by scrolling down this page .
Enjoy them and appreciate their work .
Clone Wars Trooper helmet
Possessed Sith
Woman Jedi
Random Jedi
Renegade Jedi
Female Jedi
Jedi Temple
Jedi Tanake Trang
Attack of the Jedi
DeaconX ’s Jedi
SWTOR Jedi
Dark Jedi
Il ’nana as a Jedi
Bendix ’s jedi request
Master Yoda
Yoda
Dark force – Darth Maul
Darth Maul paint
Darth Maul
Advertisement
Aussie ’s Sith
Sith Lord
Female Sith speedpainting
Twilek Sith
Sith Couple
Sith lordess
Sith Revenge
Twi’lek Sith Lord – Darth Guile
Darth Volitus
Makashi
Darth Vader
Vader
No - Shirt Anakin
Anakin Skywalker
Bwlch and his padawan
Star wars
The new Master jedi
Renaissance
The Force Unleashed
Death Star
Rebellion Era
Rebellion Era 2
Sith concept
Boba Fett
Djynn Veil
Stim Armour
Garindan
Exogen Class Darktrooper
Droideka
Sonic Blaster
Star Wars landscape
Clone trooper
Star wars Landscape 2
The Lord of Grief
Sith Birthday
Clone Wars Campaign Guide
Shums General Grievous
You ’re Dead
Nightsister Patrol Leader
Nimbus Commandos
TS - SC Droid
Gar Stazi character study
Clone War
Legacy 44
No Man Left Behind
Spiderclan Stalker
Xizor
General Grievous
Death from The Desert Sky
Basic package
Republic cruiser
The Rancor
Do n’t forget to become a fan on FaceBook , subscribe to the RSS Feed or follow me on Twitter
Vintage Bulls .
The crowd in Chicago goes nuts .
But not at the game .
It ’s Scottie Pippen sitting next to Arsenio on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno — when Leno was only half a dork .
The Bulls just beat Miami and Pip had 24 .
He talks about partying a bit too much .
6 rings ?
Could n’t have partied that hard .
Or maybe the Bulls were just that good .
In two recent comparisons of the Nexus One 's famed AMOLED screen to the iPhone 's LCD screen , one done by a display testing company and another done by a blogger , the Google phone 's display actually came out the loser .
Most of the online debate that followed the two articles was centered around color accuracy , color quantization artifacts , viewing angle , etc. , with Google 's defenders arguing that the numbers do n't tell the full story because you have to take human perception and the human visual system into account , among other factors .
But a related , and potentially even bigger issue , has n't been investigated as thoroughly as the others .
Specifically , despite the fact that both Google and HTC have repeatedly claimed that the Nexus One 's display is 480x800 pixels in size ( 252 pixels per inch ) , the actual effective screen resolution may be substantially less than that , depending on how you count the pixels .
Sorting out the real resolution of the Nexus One 's screen is much more than a minor technical exercise , because a lot of Nexus One buyers ( myself included ) based their purchasing decision at least in part on the amazing - sounding screen resolution , and many of us were disappointed in the lack of crispness of text .
It 's also worth noting that the next - generation iPhone is rumored to use the same AMOLED technology as the Nexus One , and AMOLED will become the standard on many or most high - end Android phones in the near future — will all of these upcoming AMOLEDs take this same shortcut with their resolution ?
In this article , I 'll explore the issue of the Nexus One 's screen resolution in some detail .
I 'll also talk a bit about the science behind how the screen works , and I 'll show you some cool image hacks that let you turn greyscale images into color , just by using pinch - and - zoom in the Nexus One 's gallery application .
Note :
We offered a Google a chance to comment on the issues raised in this article , but we received no reply as of press time .
The PenTile matrix
The screen on the Nexus One is one of the features I was most looking forward to .
The Nexus One is one of the first mainstream devices to employ AMOLED display technology , which is supposed to be more vivid , have better contrast , and draw less power than most LCD screens .
However , the very first thing I noticed after switching on my new N1 was that the pixels looked swizzled somehow , resulting in fuzzy , dithered - looking edges at hard intensity transitions , especially when reading black - and - white text .
Even areas of solid color looked like they were dithered with a regular pattern .
A similar swizzling effect was present on the original OLPC XO 's screen in color mode .
Subjectively comparing the Nexus One 's display next to the Motorola Droid 's display , it became even more obvious that , though the display resolutions are claimed to be almost identical ( 480x800 on the Nexus One vs. 480x854 on the Droid ) , text on the Droid 's display looks significantly sharper than on the N1's display .
The Nexus One display just does n't look like it has the stated resolution .
A close look at the N1's display under magnification reveals what 's really going on .
Figure 1 : Left is a closeup of the Nexus One screen , with a pixel grid superimposed to make it easier to see pixel boundaries .
The right image is a shot of the same screen region taken through the debugger .
You can see from the photo above that each logical pixel on the Nexus One screen contains one green subpixel and either one double - width blue subpixel or one double - width red subpixel .
So the red and blue color channels on the Nexus One display each have half as many subpixels ( 480 * 800/2 ) as the green channel .
Basically , half the red and half the blue spatial information in the 2D image being sent to the display is simply thrown away or spread to the nearest matching subpixel by a convolution or intensity - dispersion process .
Not only is image information being discarded , but to put a specific RGB color on the screen , at least two physical RG and BG pixels must always be addressed — more likely four pixels for symmetry between the axes .
It 's difficult to believe the stated resolution of the display if not every pixel contains every color channel , because pixels are normally counted in RGB triplets .
The peculiar arrangement of subpixels on the N1 display is known as the PenTile matrix , developed by Nouvoyance ( formerly Clairvoyante ) , and acquired by Samsung in March 2008 .
The PenTile layout comes in an RGBW flavor that adds a white pixel for increasing " aperture ratio and transmissivity " on LCD screens as well as the RGBG layout used in the Nexus One 's OLED screens .
Figure 2 . PenTile subpixel layout on the Nexus One screen .
Each pixel consists of a double - width blue or red subpixel element and a green subpixel element .
There are numerous reasons that Nouvoyance gives on their website for why this subpixel layout is a good idea .
One benefit of the double - sized red and blue subpixels is that it supposedly increases the life of the blue subpixels , which are prone to have much shorter lives than red or green at smaller sizes .
I do n't know for sure if pixel lifetime is related to pixel size , but there are numerous reports of dead and stuck pixels on Nexus One screens all over the Web , and my own phone developed a dead pixel after I had had it for a week .
Pixel lifetime aside , the screen layout can't solely be a cost - saving measure , because patent licenses have to be paid for PenTile .
And the layout can't logically be argued to be a limitation in manufacturing capability , because it is clear that the screen manufacturing process is able to create full - resolution green subpixels that are one - third the size of a physical pixel .
Overall , it is hard to see any really good advantages to the PenTile layout , yet there are some big downsides in reducing spatial resolution of two of the color channels .
Large Numbers
Read Adam Townsend 's wonderful summary
in UCL 's chalkdust magazine
This page begins with million , billion , etc. , proceeds through Googolplex and Skewes ' numbers ( organised into " classes " based on the height of the power - tower involved ) , then moves on through " tetration " , the Moser and the " Graham - Rothschild number " , on to lesser - known hierarchies of recursive functions , the theory of computation , transfinite numbers and infinities .
If it 's a number and it's large , it 's probably here .
Contents
Author 's Introduction
Class 0 Numbers ( like 3 )
Class 1 Numbers ( like 100 )
Class 2 Numbers ( like googol )
The - illion Names
Conway - Wechsler Extension
Knuth - yllion System
Class 3 Numbers ( like googolplex )
Class 4 Numbers
Skewes ' Number
Higher Classes
The Quality of Uncomputably Larger
Power Towers
Inventing New Operators and Functions
Beyond Exponents : hyper4
Hyperfactorial and Superfactorial
Higher hyper Operators
Bowers ' Array Notation
Steinhaus - Moser - Ackermann operators
Friedman sequences
The various " Graham 's number "s :
The " Graham - Rothschild Number "
The " Graham - Gardner Number "
The " Graham - Conway Number "
Superclasses
Conway 's Chained Arrow Notation
A Partial Ordering for short Conway chains
More Bowers Constructions :
Bowers ' Extended Operators
Bowers ' Array Notation ( 4 - element Subset )
Bowers Arrays with 5 or More Elements
Generalised Invention of Recursive Functions
Formal Grammars
The Lin-Rado / Goucher / Rayo / Wojowu Method
Lin-Rado Busy Beaver Function
Beyond BB Function
Oracle Turing Machines
Declarative Computation and Combinatory Logic=
Adam Goucher's Ξ(n )
Computation by Formal Logic and Set Theory
Peano Arithmetic
The von Neumann Construction
Forming Predicates
Not So Fast !
Rayo's Calculus
Formulas
Direct Declaration of the Existence of a Number
Doing Maths in First - Order - Logic and Set Theory
Rayo's Number
Variable Assignments
Gödel - Coding
Rayo - nameability
Rayo's Number
BIG FOOT
The Frontier
Transfinite and Infinite Numbers
Ordinal Infinities
The First Cardinal Infinity : Aleph - Null
The Ordinal " Countable " Infinities
Epsilon - Null
All Ordinals Countable by Reordering
Aleph - One
The Continuum
The Continuum Hypothesis
The Power Sets of the Continuum
Inaccessible Infinities
Footnotes
Bibliography and other References
Other Links
Author 's Introduction
Large numbers have interested me almost all my life .
This page covers all the huge numbers I have seen discussed in books and web pages , and it actually does so in numerical order , as near as I can tell ( see the uncomparable and superclass 5 discussions ) .
One important thing to notice is that all discussions like this ultimately lead to difficult and unsolved problems in the theory of algorithms and computation .
This page ends with Turing machines just before crossing over to the transfinite numbers .
If you want to learn something about the theory of algorithms and computation , get two or more fairly knowledgeable people to compete at describing the highest number they can , and then stand back !.
One such competition ( detailed in a footnote ) took only a few days to move beyond the range of everything discussed in the first two - thirds of this webpage , and then spent another few years discussing formal proofs .
This page is meant to counteract the forces of Munafo 's Laws of Mathematics .
If you see room for improvement , let me know !
Classes
First of all , I 'm going to define what I call " classes " of numbers .
This is a somewhat refined and more precise version of the " levels of perceptual realities " presented by Douglas Hofstadter in a 1982 Scientific American column [ 39 ] ( and reprinted in his 1985 book [ 41 ] ) .
It is a powerful and basic concept but usually goes unsaid .
I think you 'll agree that the classes make sense and are a useful way to distinguish numbers .
Almost all numbers that are easy to make simple statements about ( such as which of two numbers is larger ) can be put into the class system .
All numbers that anyone ever has to deal with in any practical application ( unless you count abstract mathematics and nerdyone - upmanship contests as practical :-) are members of one of thefirst four classes .
Googol and googolplex are examples from class 2 and class 3 , respectively .
Class -0 Numbers
( the concept of subitising )
Class - 0 numbers are those that are small enough to have an immediate intuitive or perceptual impact .
Perceiving such a number is called subitising , and for most purposes the limit has been shown to be somewhere from 5 to 9 ( see Kaufman [ 30 ] and Miller [ 31 ] ) .
I 'll be a bit conservative here and place the limit at six .
So , the numbers 0 through 6 are class 0 .
Experiments with animals , when sufficiently well set up and conducted , show that animals are able to identify numbers of objects and exhibit different behavior based on whether the number of objects is equal to some specific value — for example , pressing a lever only when five objects are present .
Such experiments also show that the animal 's ability to perform the feat falls off sharply between 4 and 8 : the task can almost always be performed reliably when the number is 4 , and can seldom be performed reliably when the number is 8 ( with intermediate results in - between ) .
It is a widespread belief ( perhaps myth ) that there are / were some primitive tribes which distinguished the concept of number but could n't count any higher than three or some other small number .
( A tribe called the Hottentots was said to have only four words for numbers , " one " " two " " three " and " many " — but not having a word for it is different from not being able to distinguish it ) .
Whether or not this is true , it reflects the basic truth of the fact that the human mind requires some additional abstraction or understanding to go beyond the first few or several small numbers .
One way to see this phenomenon for yourself is to use flash cards ( or a computer program set up to simulate flash cards ) that present pictures of objects that can be counted and placed in random arrangements — but look at the picture only long enough to see it , and not long enough to start counting .
Then , after the picture is hidden , ask how many objects there were .
You then try to count the number of objects in your mental image of the picture you 've just seen .
If the number of objects is a class 0 number , you 'll usually be able to give the right answer .
As you increase the numbers of objects , your counts will be less and less likely to be correct .
Obviously , this gives a rather fuzzy definition of " class 0 " , but the value you get will almost always be " around " 6 .
Class - 1 Numbers
Class - 1 numbers are those that are small enough to be perceived as a bunch of objects seen directly by the human eye .
What I mean by " seen directly " is that it is possible to see the number as a set of separate , distinct objects in a single scene ( no time limit , but the observer and the objects cannot move ) .
100 is a class - 1 number because it is possible to see 100 objects ( goats for example ) in a single scene .
The limit for class - 1 numbers is around a million , 1,000,000 or 106 .
You can just barely put 1,000,000 dots on a large piece of paper and stand at a distance such that you can perceive each individual dot as a distinct dot , and at the same time be within viewing distance of the other 999,999 dots .
( I have actually done this , just for fun ! )
As with Class - 0 the definition is fuzzy , some people have better vision and could manage 10,000,000 dots or even more .
The earliest conscious communication of numbers between humans was probably limited to class - 0 and very low class - 1 numbers , because of simple physical methods of counting ( like fingers and toes ) .
The first written number systems consisted of tally marks and extended into the class - 1 range .
( Methods involving objects or symbols that each count for 5 , 10 or larger values , came later , see below . )
Class - 1 numbers include all quantities that people can comfortably handle or perceive .
For values in class 1 , it is easy to distinguish the magnitude of the value just by looking at it .
Most people have realised that , if they walk into a room with 85 people , although they can't tell it 's exactly 85 , they know right away it 's somewhere around 75 to 100 .
No thought or calculation is necessary .
This is an immediate perception of magnitude , and the ability extends to numbers up into the thousands and tens of thousands , but drops off after that .
A person in a stadium with 10,000 people will have a fuzzier magnitude perception ( they might guess anywhere from 3,000 to 30,000 ) .
By the time we get to numbers like 108 ( the number of blades of grass in an acre ) a person is probably about as likely to believe " 10 million " ( 107 ) as " a trillion " ( 1012 ) unless they take the time to do some calculations .
Class - 1 numbers also include most types of things that people aggregate or count with the passage of time .
If you have kept count of how many times you have done something ( e.g. jogging ) or the number of things in a collection ( e.g. stamps ) it probably numbers in the class 1 range .
The actual act of counting usually wears out before exceeding class 1 , partly because of the difficulty of accurately remembering the digits .
( While counting the number of days you have jogged is fairly easy , most people would not be able to persist in keeping count of how many steps they had taken once that number gets into 6 or 7 digits ! )
I tried this myself at age 9 and reached 35000 before memory became too difficult .
Symbolic representations of numbers soon became common .
The earlier systems were just tally - marks with lots of different symbols , like one symbol to represent 1's and another to represent 10's , etc.
Roman numerals are the last surviving example of this .
Often , different types of physical objects ( like round and flat stones ) were used for counting .
Many examples are described in [ 45 ] .
With symbolic systems it became easy for people to express , write , and do arithmetic with numbers throughout the class - 1 range .
Such representation systems usually reached their limit right around 1,000,000 for the same reasons that class - 0 perceptive abilities are limited to 6 : it is difficult to keep track of lots of different types of symbols / objects at once , and 5 or 6 types of symbols / objects is a practical limit .
Class - 2 Numbers
Class - 2 numbers are those that can be represented in exact form using decimal place - value notation ( or another small integer base , like base 2 , 16 or 60 ) .
Typically this depends on how the digits are recorded and what you need to do with them .
Since I used 6 as the upper limit of class 0 , and 106 = 1000000 for the upper limit of class 1 , I 'll just continue the pattern and say that the class - 2 numbers go from 106 to about 101000000 .
Place - value notation was popularised in the Arabic culture ( but came from India , and perhaps from China before that , again see [ 45 ] ) .
It opened up the range of class - 2 numbers to anyone who wanted to use them .
It was no longer necessary to come up with new symbols for each successive power of 10 .
Generalizations in arithmetic rules were obvious : adding 2000+7000 was not only analogous to adding 2+7 , it was essentially the same thing .
Handling huge numbers became easy .
To make an exact calculation about thousands of objects , only a handful of objects ( the digits ) need to be manipulated .
Googol is a class - 2 number , as are the various large prime numbers used in cryptography , all of the known Perfect numbers ( until 1997 ! ) , the Fermat numbers with known factorization , etc .
All of the large physical constants like 6.02 ×1023 ( Avogadro's number ) and 1080 ( the number of protons in the universe ) are class - 2 .
So are most of the numbers with names ending in - illion , like vigintillion ( 1063 ) , centillion ( 10303 ) , and on up to the somewhat contrived milli-millillion ( 103000003 ) ( which , by my admittedly arbitrary decision , is a bit beyond the class - 2 range ) .
The Big Number Names of Nicolas Chuquet
( number names based on Latin )
The word million comes from around 12702 , and entered the English language around 13706 .
The names billion , trillion , and so on up to nonillion , plus the general idea of continuing with Latin - derived prefixes all first appear in the late 15th century , in writing by Nicolas Chuquet , a French mathematician living in Lyon from 1480 until his death in 1488 .
( There were also the longer forms bymillion and trimillion used as early as 1475 by Jehan Adam , but these never caught on ) .
Follow this link for more details : Origins of the Chuquet number names .
Peletier 's Proposal and the Short Scale
In 1549 Jacques Peletier repeated the suggestion that billion should be one million million = 1012 , and trillion for 1018 and so on .
He also introduced1, 2 the use of milliart , billiart and so on to represent the skipped - over powers of 1000 , like 109 and 1015 .
The long scale is Chuquet 's original system , and has digits grouped 6 at a time , thus trillion is a million times larger than billion .
This is the " billion=1012 system " .
Peletier 's names for 10 ( 6N+3 ) ( in the English spelling , milliard =109 , billiard =1015 , etc. ) are compatible with this system .
The use of number - names during the following few centuries eventually led to widespread usage of billion to mean 109 , trillion for 1012 , and similar redefinitions of the higher names .
These definitions are the short scale or " billion=109 system " .
Follow this link for more on the history of short vs. long scale .
Here is a related video by Numberphile : How big is a billion ?.
Zillions : Big -Number Words as a Hyperbolic Adjective
While the confusion between short and long scale was becoming well - established , the big - number words ending in - illion were also becoming popular for the purpose of espressing an excessively or unimaginably large , or even infinite , quantity .
This is a type of usage that was already common for hundreds , thousands , myriads and millions .
For example , OED's [ 42 ]
HUNDRED heading 2 a. begins : " Often used indefinitely or hyperbolically for a large number : cf. thousand .
( With various constructions , as in [ heading ] I. ) " , and then gives nine quotations dating from 1300 AD to 1885 .
In the following table I show the first documented use of each number - name in both the literal sense and in this " superlative " sense .
( It should be noted that zillion more generally can refer to far larger things .
For example , Howard DeLong [ 34 ] used the term " zillion " to refer to an iterated Ackermann function of some other really large number c 1 . [ 49 ]
Standard Accepted Names and SI Prefixes
This table shows all positive powers of ten that have authoritatively accepted names in English ( by [ 42 ] ) up to Chuquet 's highest name nonillion .
The numeric values here follow the billion=109 system ( " short scale " ) .
I am also including a few other non-powers of 10 that have names in English , but leaving out many base - 20 constructions and other names less than 100 , about which you can read plenty in [ 45 ] .
I include all former and current official SI prefixes because they are quasi - " words " that have a purely numerical meaning .
The dates of first literal and superlative usage are largely from OED [ 42 ] but are augmented as indicated in the footnotes .
The Standard Names and SI Prefixes
N N in Latin 3,18 103 N +3 name for 103 N +3 first
literal
usage [ 42 ] first
superlative
usage [ 42 ]
SI prefix ( es ) 20 101 ten deca- or deka- ( da , dk ) 102 hundred 950 AD 1300 hecto- ( h ) 10 ×12 great hundred 1533 122 gross 1411 0 103 thousand 971 AD 1000 kilo - ( k ) 210 1024 kibi- ( ki ) 123 great gross 1640 104 myriad 1555 1555 myria- ( my ) 1 unus 106 million 1370 1362 Mega - ( M ) 220 1048576 Mebi- ( Mi ) 2 duo 109 great million ,
milliard ,
billion 1625 ,
1793 ,
169021 ? ,
182322 ,
? kilomega- , Giga- ( G ) 230 1073741824 Gibi- ( Gi ) 3 tres 1012 trillion 169021 184723 megamega- , Tera- ( T ) 240 1099511627776 Tebi- ( Ti ) 4 quatuor 1015 quadrillion 167421 185523 Peta- ( P ) 250 1125899906842624 Pebi- ( Pi ) 5 quinque 1018 quintillion 167421 185523 Exa - ( E ) 260 1152921504606846976 Exbi- ( Ei ) 6 sex 1021 sextillion 169021 185523 Zetta- ( Z ) 270 1180591620717411303424 Zebi- ( Zi ) 7 septem 1024 septillion 169021 ?
Yotta- or Yotto- ( Y ) 280 1208925819614629174706176 Yobi- ( Yi ) 8 octo 1027 octillion 169021 185523 9 novem 1030 nonillion 169021 ?
Chuquet left it to others to work out the details of extending the names beyond nonillion .
Although there is much discrepancy between the actual number - names in Latin and the - illion names Chuquet listed , it was nevertheless understood that Latin number - names were to be used to extend the names as needed .
Using Latin for prefixes goes smoothly as far as vigintillion .
The following names are found in many dictionaries19 ; vigintillion and centillion are a little more common than the others .
Some popular non-dictionary sources have made reference to millillion and milli-millillion ( mostly due to Henkle / Brooks , and Borgmann [ 33 ] ) .
Larger Standard Names Beyond Chuquet 's Nonillion
N N in Latin 3,18 103 N +3 name for 103 N +3 10 decem 1033 decillion 11 undecim 1036 undecillion 12 duodecim 1039 duodecillion 13 tredecim 1042 tredecillion 14 quattuordecim 1045 quattuordecillion 15 quindecim 1048 quindecillion , quinquadecillion 16 se(x ) decim 1051 sexdecillion , sedecillion 17 septemdecim 1054 septendecillion 18 duodeviginti 24 1057 octodecillion 19 undeviginti 24 1060 novemdecillion , novendecillion 20 viginti 1063 vigintillion 10100 " googol " = ten duotrigintillion 100 centum 10303 centillion 1000 mille 103003 millillion 1000000 decies centena milia 103000003 milli-millillion 1010100 " googolplex "
The Conway - Wechsler System
Chuquet 's names are notable for being well - researched , faithful to Latin within limits of utility , for retaining the meaning of existing widely - used names , and for being proposed by a respected well - known mathematician .
The Henkle / Brooks names fall short of that mark on one or two counts .
The only modern - day system with equivalent qualifications is that described by Conway in [ 43 ] .
It extends the Chuquet names arbitrarily far , and surpasses the other ad - hoc systems by having better spelling , greater consistency , and avoiding hyphens .
It was developed by John Horton Conway and Allan Wechsler after significant research into Latin5 .
Olivier Miakinen4,9 refined it to fix a few minor problems , as described below .
The system is based on the short scale ( billion=109 ) but the names could easily be used in a long scale system .
A number name is built out of pieces representing powers of 103 , 1030 and 10300 as shown by this table :
1's 10's 100's 0 - - - 1 un ( n ) deci ( nx ) centi 2 duo ( ms ) viginti ( n ) ducenti 3 tre ( *) ( ns ) triginta ( ns ) trecenti 4 quattuor ( ns ) quadraginta ( ns ) quadringenti 5 quin ( ns ) quinquaginta ( ns ) quingenti 6 se ( sx ) ( n ) sexaginta ( n ) sescenti 7 septe ( mn ) ( n ) septuaginta ( n ) septingenti 8 octo ( mx ) octoginta ( mx ) octingenti 9 nove ( mn ) nonaginta nongenti
The rules are :
- Take the power of 10 you 're naming and subtract 3 .
- Divide by 3 .
If the remainder is 0 , 1 or 2 , put one , ten or one hundred at the beginning of your name ( respectively ) .
- For a quotient less than 10 , use the standard names thousand , million , billion and so on through nonillion .
Otherwise :
- Break the quotient up into 1's , 10's and 100's .
Find the appropriate name segments for each piece in the table .
( NOTE : The original Conway - Wechsler system specifies quinqua for 5 , not quin . )
- String the segments together , inserting an extra letter if the letter shown in parentheses at the end of one segment match a letter in parentheses at the beginning of the next .
For example : septe( mn ) + ( ms ) viginti = septemviginti because the ( m ) 's match ; Another example : se( sx ) + ( mx ) octoginta = sexoctoginta .
- For the special case of tre , the letter s should be inserted if the following part is marked with either an s or an x .
- Remove a final vowel , if any .
- Add illion at the end .
You 're done .
Many of the resulting names are only slightly different from one another .
For example 10261 is sexoctogintillion and 102421 is sexoctingentillion .
Then there 's 10309 = duocentillion while 10603 = ducentillion ; and similarly 10312 = trescentillion while 10903 = trecentillion .
However , if such subtleties of spelling ( and probably pronunciation ) do n't bother you , the Conway - Wechsler system extends to arbitrarily high values .
After setting out the rules above , the authors continue7 :
With Allan Wechsler we propose to extend this system indefinitely by combining these according to the convention that " XilliYilliZillion " ( say ) denotes the ( 1000000X + 1000Y + Z)th zillion , using " nillion " for the zeroth " zillion " when this is needed as a placeholder .
So for example the million - and - third zillion is a " millinillitrillion . "
As their example shows , the beginning parts of the standard names such as million and trillion are used for the " 1 " and " 003 " parts ( respectively ) of the number 1,000,003 , with the placeholder " nilli " for the central " 000 " portion .
This is the " 1,000,003rd zillion " , which is 103×1000003+3=103000012 .
In general , when naming 103N+3 , the rules above are to be used for each group of 3 digits in the number N .
For another example , consider 1019683 : this is 103×6560+3 , so N=6560 .
That breaks up into a " 6 " part ( the standard sextillion ) and a " 560 " part ( sexagintaquingentillion by the above table and rules ) ; these are combined to form sextillisexagintaquingentillion which is the full Conway - Wechsler name for 1019683 .
The name for googolplex is ten trillitrestrigintatrecentilli .... trestrigintatrecentilliduotrigintatrecentillion ; with the " .... " replaced by 30 additional repetitions of " trestrigintatrecentilli " .
This name is two words and 3+766 letters long .
See more examples of Conway - Wechsler number names here .
There have also been numerous personal or ad - hoc Chuquet extensions , follow that link for more .
A Practical Alternative
If the above tables seem a bit much to deal with , here is my modest proposal for a simpler naming system :
Learn a few of the smaller powers of 1000 .
Beyond that , use " Ten to the power of ... " followed by the appropriate class 1 number .
. . .
Forward to page 2 . . .
Last page ( page 9 )
Japanese readers should see : 巨大数論 ( from @kyodaisuu on Twitter )
If you like this you might also enjoy my numbers page .
This page was written in the " embarrassingly readable " markup language RHTF , and some sections were last updated on 2020 Mar 26 .
s.11
Battling the Inner Demons of War What Joe Dwyer 's Death Can Teach Us about PTSD
A photograph of PFC Joseph Dwyer in Iraq made him an American hero , but five years after returning home , mental combat wounds drove him to his death .
He is not alone .
In 2009 , more than twice as many soldiers died by their own hands than were killed by the enemy in Iraq .
But new types of therapy are giving others the chance for the peace he never had .
Calipari :
There will be a season , tourney because ' I have a really good team '
VIDEO PLAYLIST
The Perfect Game
March 7 , 2010
... Strictly by the numbers , bowling is the national pastime ; no other sport even comes close .
The Perfect Game recognizes the bowling boom and accords the game the stature it deserves .
Scans from The Perfect Game by Herman Weiskopf .
Published in 1978 by Time , Inc .
This set at hi-res on flickr
So this morning I blogged about Senator Shelby putting a “ blanket hold ” on 70 of President Obama ’s appointees .
The backstory to this is that he is doing it to secure a couple of key earmarks for his district .
Yup :
The key issue is that Shelby wants the Air Force to tweak an RFP for refueling tankers so that Airbus ( partnered with Northrup Grumman ) would win the bid again over Boeing .
The contract had been awarded in 2008 , but the GAO found that the Air Force had erred in calculating the award .
After the Air Force wrote a new RFP in preparation to rebid the contract , Airbus calculated that it would not win the new bid , and started complaining .
Now , Airbus is threatening to withdraw from the competition unless the specs in the RFP are revised .
Airbus is a French firm .
He ’s demanding an earmark that benefits a European company that is in direct competition with the USA company Boeing .
It gets worse :
Shelby favors the Northrop Grummann - EADS bid largely because it would result in tankers being assembled in his home state .
The two contractors , in turn , have donated to Shelby ’s campaign committees , hoping ostensibly to secure favor or at least an audience with the Alabama Republican .
The Senator confirmed that he launched the hold , in part , because he is upset with a tanker contract worth $ 35 billion that remains unresolved between Northrop Grumman / EADs and Boeing .
According to a review of campaign finance records , Shelby ’s political action committee received $ 7,500 in donations from EADS ’s PAC during the past two election cycles and an additional $ 21,500 from Northrop ’s PAC since 2000 .
The investigative journalism group Center for Public Integrity looked at all political action committees associated with Northrop Grumman and concluded that Shelby has received at least $ 108,233 in contributions since his first Senate election in 1986 .
Airbus Chairman T. Allan McArtor , meanwhile , donated $ 1,500 to Shelby in May 2009 .
Samuel Adcock , EADS Senior Vice President of Government Relations , donated $ 1,000 to Shelby in 2003 .
A fellow lobbyist and top executive at the company , Ralph Crosby , donated the same amount that same year .
One other EADS employee , Bacon Douglas , donated $ 1,500 in 2003 .
The Republicans would have you believe it ’s “ Country First ” and they are the true patriots in this country .
The reality is that they are a bunch of corrupt hypocritical liars out to pad their own bank accounts .
This right here is Exhibit A .
I ’m just sayin ’ …
This piglet with a monkey face was reportedly born in the Chinese village of Fenzghang in the Xiping township .
I feel badly for the cute little guy .
From Ananova :
" It 's hideous .
No one will be willing to buy it , and it scares the family to even look at it ! " ( farmer Feng Changlin ) told Oriental Today …
" But our son likes to play with it , " ( said his wife , ) and he stopped us from getting rid of it .
He even feeds it milk . "
" Question with boldness even the existence of a God ;
because , if there be one , he must more approve of the homage of reason ,
than that of blind - folded fear ...
Do not be frightened from this inquiry
from any fear of its consequences .
If it ends in the belief that there is no God ,
you will find incitements to virtue
in the comfort and pleasantness you feel in its exercise ... "
Makuch , of Northeast Philadelphia , had spent the last nine years as a member of the Crime Scene Unit .
He was arrested Dec. 8 and informed that he would be fired in 30 days after a yearlong Internal Affairs investigation that began after a 15 - year - old boy from the Lower Northeast told police that Makuch had sought to take nude photos of him .
[ review ] Bad Company 2 – PC/360/ PS
Tip : Scroll all the way down this post for the new “ tl ; dr ” review
Note :
The author of this review has only played the PC version for an upwards of 20 hours .
This review applies solely to the PC , but can be also used as a console review if the PC exclusive sections are strictly ignored .
Thanks and do n’t get mad .
A lot of times we see something building , and we almost never anticipate it properly .
This method of preparation , or lack thereof , eventually strikes us cold with one of two feelings .
But Bad Company 2 has avoided that gradual path .
Instead , its pin of greatness lies in harmonial balance in all spectrums .
A wise man once said that the greatest key to immersion are visuals .
Maybe that was n’t all , because you definitely have to throw the prominent element of sound into the mix .
In video games , the combination is savored when it all seems to flow together .
When I first began to play the Bad Company 2 beta , I was not impressed by the graphics .
However , I still did enjoy them , save for the frequent frame rate inconsistencies .
But what struck me most is the level of improvement and dedication DICE seemed to put into polishing and optimizing Bad Company 2 .
On the beta , I had to tweak the settings to run the game exclusively on DirectX9 , so that I could achieve desired frame rates that normally lied ~60 + FPS with no Vsync .
Let ’s face it , Bad Company 2 is a visually superior and technically phenomenal game to look at … or stare , if that ’s how you go .
Paired up with a great headset and computer and max settings ( or HDTV for you console guys ) this is shaping up to be one of the best looking games out there .
The explosions in the distance are jaw dropping ( and in most cases framerate dropping as well ) .
For PC gamers , a good processor is more prominent here than would be a great GPU .
To complement the great visuals , DICE has given us ear shattering sound effects .
While they are most evident during the multi player , you will be sure to hear a variety of bullets whizzing by , helicopters soaring above , explosions in the distance , and in the corner of your mind that enemy approaching from behind .
All of these elements are crafted together to bring you top of the line battlefield style immersion that the series was always known for .
Even after some time of playing one may become de sensitized to the amazing sound – but fire up your other average FPS , and the difference is clear .
Bad Company 2 excels in the sound department .
While in the campaign all this is experienced , it presents itself better in the multi player .
But what the campaign does have to offer is a great way to get warmed up for the multi player .
In the campaign , you will travel dense jungle , cold mountainous terrain , and sightless desert .
You may even come across towns or small villages .
The single player of Bad Company 2 , in comparison to the first , is largely more linear .
While I do n’t prefer this myself , since I personally see it as a setback , what the linear nature of the game allows it to do is to better reveal the story within and mend a closer relationship to your squadmates .
One of the ways that relationship between you and your squadmates is strengthened is by the humor in the game .
During battle , one may hear Haggard or Sweetwater shout satire insults at the other .
Multiple jests are made at Modern Warfare 2 as well .
Some interaction and character development is furthered in the cut scenes , which are identical to in game , visual wise .
In the end , it results in a bond between you and your squadmates that ultimately gives you the desire to accomplish your mission .
The mission is skewed , though .
At times you will find yourself wondering where you are , or what you ’re doing and why .
The first half of the single player seems dull and something difficult to trek through , but it speeds up in the latter half of the game .
That said , the game is only around five to six hours long on normal or easy difficulty .
The story , at its core , works well for an FPS game and leaves interest , but takes a while to pick up .
It is not very replayable , but at most you can go back and collect various weapons and destroy M - COM stations .
Each unique weapon you collect is housed in a supply drop .
These supply drops are located at various checkpoints in the campaign , where you may receive ammo and switch out equipment .
Overall , Bad Company 2 ’s campaign may not be the heart of the game , but it is something that one should definitely try to beat once .
The true relic of Bad Company 2 is its explosive multiplayer .
Ranging from a 24 player max on the consoles to the 32 player max amount on the PC , it is where the name Battlefield is truly distinguished .
In multiplayer , you have your signature Battlefield experience .
While a slight repitition , it is a formula done right , but this one also ushers in some new techniques .
Like the specialization system , where you may apply up to 3 specializations ( one being a vehicle spec ) that increase your performance in one way or another .
For example , I have the increased accuracy for my vehicles , and the 4X optical sight for my Engineer .
I have n’t unlocked the final slot yet , but I did in the beta .
Some specializations seem to be outrageously advantageous over the others in one particular category ( that happens to be very broad ) , giving an edge to those who have unlocked it .
Generally , they seem to be somewhat balanced .
On top of those specializations , you also have your four classes of Assault , Engineer , Medic , and Recon .
Recon is by far the most played , and often the smallest contribution ingame to actually completing the objective .
Then you have your main weapon , side arm , and gadgets .
All side arms are usable by all classes , but most weapons and all gadgets are exlusive to their particular class .
From resemblance , Bad Company 2 is closest put to Battlefield 2 .
The setting is very roughly similar , but similar it is .
Bad Company 2 improves the general FPS mechanics , by having squads , with the ability to create and lock them , and huge bonuses for teamwork done within the squad ( points in particular , some badges included ) .
There is a metric ton of content in the multiplayer .
Allow me to briefly ( if possible ) describe them :
1 ) Four game modes , Rush , Conquest , Squad Rush , and Squad Deathmatch .
Rush is attackers vs defenders , where the defenders must kill an allotted amount of attackers , and the attackers must destroy M- COM stations while the bases constantly move forward , providing more M - COM stations to destroy .
Conquest is multiple flags , which can be freely controlled by either faction .
Each team starts with an amount of tickets .
The more flags you have , the better .
Having the majority of flags basically puts you in the winning race , for each flag you have a ticket will decrease in a consistent manner from the enemy team ’s ticket bank .
Squad Rush is just rush with squads only , and Squad Deathmatch is a kill by kill elimination game between Squads only .
2 ) The stats system allows you to view your kills to deaths , veteran status , skill level , and other stuff .
You can also check out the leaderboards to see your spot in the world , and your comparison your friends .
Friends can be added through the friends tab .
Very basic , search for a friend and add him .
He will have to accept your request .
From there , you can directly compare stats , remove , or join the game together .
The server browser is extensive , but not as I would have hoped .
The filters for ranked , not empty , not full , punkbuster , and map / game mode are there , but they do not seem to allow all options .
For example , I can only pick one map that I would like to show up .
Rather , I would prefer two out of all the maps , etc , which the system does not allow .
3 ) Next to all this is the Squad system .
You can freely join Squads on your team , you can create squads .
There are enough squads for the whole team to have two players to each squad .
Of course , a one man squad is completely unnecessary , but is possible .
You may also lock squads , to prevent those who are n’t your buddies from getting in .
You may also join the game in an open squad .
There is a huge issue though , while the squads are vastly improved from the first game , you cannot choose to not be spawned on ( individually ) , and you cannot kick people from squads .
But , there are huge point bonuses for doing things squad related .
Anything you would do in other situations , if done with a squadmate , yields more points .
There are also tons of badges and pins for your trouble , which add onto your score .
Stuff like dog tags for knifing people .
But the knifing in this game is n’t any improved over the first ’s , because now you have a wacky animation which can cost you your life .
There ’s a lot to say about Bad Company 2 .
There ’s even more to say about how good it is .
When it comes down to it , there ’s really very little to say bad about Bad Company 2 .
While the game is currently plagued by connectivity issues because of hordes of players wanting to rack up and rank up , we are positive that DICE and EA will ammend these issues as soon as possible .
There are often complaints about the kill delays , and those small things that ruin the game for some people .
But most of the time , they are fine .
We are sure DICE , along with multiple patches , will add plenty of extra content to keep that hunger of Bad Company 2 going , as was evident from the first game .
What makes Bad Company 2 what it is , though ?
There ’s one crucial thing that I ’ve saved for last , and that is the destruction 2.0 system .
Throughout the various landscapes that are prevalent in multiplayer and single player , you , as the man behind the weapon , hold the privilege of destroying terrain as you see fit .
However , saying terrain is rather the wrong word , as it is more of destroying structure .
Small holes can be put into the ground as cover , but most of the destruction occurs above ground .
Whole buildings can collapse with proper planning , and you can even blow through that wall your enemy is hiding behind .
Its an action packed innovative way to keep the rounds fresh and new each time .
It is what makes Bad Company 2 more of Bad Company 2 than the generic FPS game .
All in all , Bad Company 2 is a great FPS .
There are flaws , yes , but those flaws will not leave you disliking the game anymore , but those flaws are overshadowed by the unique things that Bad Company 2 has begun and done right .
An FPS fan of any kind is sure to find something he leaves in this hallmark of the genre .
The easiest way to change people 's behavior for the better is by making it fun to do .
Health Care Anger , Anarchist Solutions
I ’m not above smiling as I watch my enemies attack each other .
The Congressional squabbling over turning a bad healthcare system into a worse healthcare system was really entertaining .
And now politicians are being threatened with violence .
But the show might not stay entertaining .
This rage over healthcare is n’t just a lot of people deciding that one more government power - grab and corporate handout is the last straw .
It is n’t just racist - motivated suspicion of Obama .
And it is n’t just right - wingers thinking that money the government takes should only be spent on hurting people .
It is unfortunately a mishmash of libertarian and authoritarian , grassroots and astroturf , economic reasoning and nationalist mythology .
Consistent libertarian thought offers a clear path out of the conflicts that occur when people struggle to rule over each other .
Governments , or factions within governments , fight over who , what , and where they are to exert their authority .
When these turf battles get serious , words like “ war ” are used .
To keep people interested in their internal turf wars , politicians try to domesticate popular anger and cultivate it for use against their rivals .
Should this spin out of their control , it could be very dangerous for them .
Because many individuals that the state rules over feel a commonality with one section of the ruling class , they are a danger to those of us who do not wish to be ruled , and a clear message of freedom needs to be heard .
Exposure to consistent libertarian thought and action can turn potential enemies into potential allies .
If they desire to maximize individual liberty , and they are willing to act upon it , we can work together .
To maximize liberty , freedom must be limited no more than needed to keep an individual from infringing on another individual ’s equal freedom .
All interactions , from the most intimate to the most elaborate , must be based in consent .
That means no empires , no border cops , no taxation , no drug war , no coercive monopolies , and no forcing people to buy insurance .
Government is inherently opposed to consent .
If legal repercussions await those who opt out , they are n’t really consenting when they obey orders .
They are just acquiescing , capitulating , submitting – or deceiving .
Anarchy displaces government and replaces rulers with respect for individual choice , solidarity , mutual aid , and consensual trade .
Anarchists solve problems by treating people as autonomous individuals they would like to see flourish , not at resources they would like to use for power .
Center for a Stateless Society correspondent Kevin Carson recently published a thorough study on how bottom - up consensual solutions can solve the crisis of artificial scarcity in health care .
Unlike authoritarian plans , which are superficial rearrangements generally written by those who are a major part of the problem , Carson seeks out the roots of the problem and finds ways that people can participate in changing them .
You can find Carson ’s study online at c4ss.org / content/2088 .
Consent makes for superior social and economic relations than authority .
When enough people practice anarchy , acting consistently with libertarian principles , then no aspiring ruler can put them into chains .
Noel Gallagher Has No Idea What The ' Champagne Supernova ' Lyrics Mean …
Today is Sunday which means it ’s time for the weekly wrap - up but I ’m going to put that off until tomorrow .
Instead I ’m going to give you a small taste of what happened yesterday when I decided that we should all act out an impromptu 15 minute zombie apocalypse on twitter and literally thousands of zombie apocalypse tweets lit up the world and began trending .
Then a lot of people got very confused and worried .
It was awesome .
I combed through the #za ( Zombie Apocalypse ) threads to pull out just a few of my favorites …
The Bloggess : I just lost 77 followers in 10 minutes .
No joke , y’all .
That ’s a personal best for me .
The Bloggess :
Yes , I realize it ’s probably just twitter clearing out all the spambots but I ’d like to think I contributed somehow .
The Bloggess : Oop .
There go two more .
Weird .
It ’s like watching zombies eat my followers .
But less entertaining .
The Bloggess :
You know what would be awesome ?
If we all started to act out a zombie apocalypse on twitter .
That would be awesome .
The Bloggess :
Oh hell , let ’s do it .
No one ’s on twitter today but us anyway .
Zombie Apocalypse for the next 15 minutes .
The Bloggess :
Is there some sort of March of Dimes Walk today ?
Why are so many people walking around my neighborhood ?
#za
The Bloggess : Oh .
Mother .
Fucker .
#za
Valya :
Some odd sort of parade in my neighborhood .
People seem a bit drunk though .
#za
MildlyAmused : Looks like the electric company sent someone after all .
But he ’s been milling aimlessly in the front yard for 10 minutes now .
Typical .
#za
The Bloggess :
My mailman is eating my dog .
WTF ?
RUN BARNABY JONES PICKLES !
#za
thraeryn : Trying to move as much downstairs food to the second floor before destroying all the stairs .
Ca n’t let the cats or dogs out .
#za
cfexrun : Shirley sure looks tasty today .
Why can I only groan and shuffle around ?
Oh no .
I ca n’t feel my special place .
#za
fairlyoddmother :
Oh , there goes the neighbor ’s kid .
That ’s too bad .
#za
finslippy : God , the people on my block have the worst fashion sense–so much torn denim and bloody scalps OH NO #za
DawnBlanchfield : the baby is being so sweet and extra cuddly today .
She ’s snuggling up to my neck and OUCH !
OH MY GOD … #za
schoolofmom : Should I use a golf club to beat the baby back , or the umbrella stroller ?
Never mind , it ’s gnawing on my ankle , I ’ll kick .
#za
jenn_d : okay , seriously ?
It is ominously quiet …
The zombies wo n’t make it into Canada anyway – too scared of the geese #za
The Bloggess : Wait , is it “ mailman ” even if it ’s a girl ?
“ Mailperson ” ?
Maildeliverer ?
Fuck it .
This is no time for political correctness .
#za
ADiercksmeier : @ The Bloggess “ Femailman ” is what we use .
alittlepregnant : @ The Bloggess
But if it ’s a zombie , it ’s a letter carrion .
Scarbucks : why are there so many random limbs on my porch ?
Usually there is only 1 or 2 … .
DeScepter : Odd .
Some bloody dude stumbling around on my lawn .
Maybe a drunk driver that got in an accident ?
I tried 911 & got a busy signal .
#za
thraeryn : Hrm .
If things ever become normal again , I bet we ’ll have to call these jerks “ dead Americans ” instead of “ zombies ” .
# za
CreacherTeacher :
There ’s some sort of protest going on outside .
Something about braids ?
They ’re saying … what ?
“ BRRAAAAIII … ” Oh , eff .
#za
HeadlessMom :
The zombies must have stopped the 210 freeway .
No other explanation .
#za
The Bloggess : WHY THE FUCK DO I HAVE A CHIMNEY IN TEXAS ?!
This is like a goddamn zombie hole !
#za
ElGatoCello :
Whew , do n’t worry guys .
I ’m alright .
Thank goodness that conveniently placed Deus Ex Machina was sitting there …
#za
The Bloggess : Okay , I appreciate everyone suggesting “ letter carrier ” BUT THERE ARE MORE IMPORTANT THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT NOW .
#za
The Bloggess : Like , how do I start a fire in my chimney , for one .
#za
SarahJaneLehoux : mmmmmmmmmaarghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbrains
DeScepter : I hear sirens but they ’re not coming here .
Must be a big fire across town or something .
I ’m going outside to see if this dude needs help #za
jannypie : Fuck , it got in , and is eating my flesh as I type .
I did n’t really have anything going on tonight anywhaaaarghhhh … .
#za
SparklySnarkery : dammit , living alone is n’t nearly as awesome when moving the heavy furniture to create a blockade #za
The Bloggess : I started a fire with vodka and a Yankee Candle .
It smells delicious and my house is an inferno .
Awesome .
#za
ElGatoCello : Alright , I ’ve hit the town armed with a shot gun and a team of living humans that can serve as meat shields should the need arise .
#za
thraeryn : K , got the kids in without much trouble .
Now to find the only AAA remote battery I ’ll be able to get in months .
Stupid dead Americans .
#za
agentdani : I put on eyeliner and am shuffling around .
Who knew ‘ moody teenager ’ was such a good disguise ?
# zombpocalypse #za
SparklySnarkery : thank god for having a balcony . . . clear line of fire on all the former house flippers who live around here #za
FreddyWonder : oops , ca n’t tweet , being called for dinner !
What ’s that , hon ?
We ’re having Head Cheese ….
well that ’s weird .
Hon ’? HON ” ?!
#za
thraeryn : YAY !
Found it !
Still have to destroy those stairs .
#za
lnich :
Wait wait , the game is back on , but the camera ’s broken or something , it ’s all . . . red .
Is that screaming ?
#za
BittenUsagi : Good thing it ’s after 4:20 .
That means the neighbors are stoned so they ca n’t run as fast .
#za
the_patches :
At home depot .
Place is full of useful stuff , but hard to defend .
#za
The Bloggess : FYI ?
Burning zombies can still kill you .
Now they ’re even more dangerous than ever .
This was a horrible idea .
#za
The Bloggess :
Also , it smells like barbecue .
Weird .
#za
xoxoroo : its a block party !
No , it ’s a tea party !
No , it ’s Zombie Apocolypse !
#za no wait .
it ’s a tea party .
CassieLynn :
What do vegetarian zombies eat ?
Actual vegetarians ?
#za
ElGatoCello :
They eat GRAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINS .
SarahJaneLehoux :
Think I ’ll shamble around someones backyard & ignore their “ you okay , ma’am ? ” s until they ’re within reach .
Do -gooders taste better .
#za
The Bloggess : @alittlepregnant “ Zombie carrion ” .
I would retweet that if I was n’t busy beating burning chimney zombies with a bat .
#za
The Bloggess :
And now the bat ’s on fire .
Honestly , this day could not get any worse .
#za
freakingmuse :
Why the hell are so many of the zombies burning ?
It stinks of burning flesh everywhere .
Stop setting them on fire !
It does n’t kill them #za
The Bloggess :
And now Victor ’s yelling at me for setting his autographed baseball bat on fire .
THE BURNING ZOMBIES SET IT ON FIRE , ASSHOLE #za
schoolofmom : Have resorted to electric bread knife / bleach combo .
Now they ’re dismembered AND disinfected .
#za
The Bloggess : Note to self :
You really find out just who you ’re married to when zombies attack .
Rethink your priorities , Victor .
#za
worldocrap : I ’m eating brains right now on my balcony .
#za
SparklySnarkery : @worldocrap hold still .
there ’s something on your face .
I ’ll help you get it off .
do n’t mind the shotgun #za
ElGatoCello : I miss the good old days where people ’s faces did n’t get eaten off their bodies while they screamed …
#za
agentdani :
This is n’t so bad .
Brains taste pretty good .
Like leftover Chinese . … wait ew.
#zombpocalypse #za
CreacherTeacher : Just came home to a surprise party !
So exciting !
They all jumped out and … ate … my …legs .
* sigh * #za
SparklySnarkery : damn squirrel zombies .
those bastards are FAST #za
JenniferBWhite : So , like , the zombie apocalypse is going down on Twitter .
Why do I have the feeling that ppl actually WOULD tweet the #za if it went down ?
CrunchyCarpets : Ca n’t believe zombies woke the fucking baby up #za
AngieJustAngie : I vote to keep zombies out of Missouri .
#za
Actually , I do n’t know why they ’d want to come here anyway .
# Missouri
The Bloggess : Fuck .
I look down to send one tweet and Victor ’s missing an arm .
I ’m never going to hear the end of this .
#za
Tony_Hunt :
Went to the church to help out there .
What ’s black and white and red all over ?
A nun being eaten by zombies #za
agentdani : Jesus , watch where you ’re shambling , guys .
Nearly took my arm off .
#zombpocalypse #za
ElGatoCello : What is Billy Mays doing here ?
Oh , right .
#za
maybaby : Hope the cover is on the hot tub .
If zombies fall in , I ’ll never get the filter clean .
#za
ElGatoCello : NO , DAMN IT , I DO NOT WANT OXYCLEAN !
I DON’T CARE HOW WELL IT GETS THE BLOODSTAINS OUT OF YOUR SHIRT ZOMBIE BILLY MAYS !
#za
The Bloggess : I ’ve locked myself in the closet with my phone , which is dying .
There ’s a joke in there somewhere .
Too busy bleeding to find it .
#za
thraeryn :
If there ’s a band named “ Dead Americans ” , I bet they ’re pretty pissed about this whole turn of events .
#za
The Bloggess : I can hear Victor scratching at the door .
He says I smell delicious and “ why did n’t I do the dishes ? ” .
Some things never change .
#za
The Bloggess : AND I just lost another follower .
Way to kick a girl when she ’s down , asshole .
#za
gardnervh : @ The Bloggess 4 more followers lost to the zombie attack .
Your house and follower list are both burning .
#za
The Bloggess :
It ’s getting dark and my phones almost dead .
Also , Victor bit off my thumb so I ca n’t text for shit .
Asshole .
#za
CreacherTeacher : Houston is totally devastated from the #za .
I ’ve bunkered down .
I guess our only hope now is to wait for FEMA .
Oh , EFF .
@ TheBloggess : @ CreacherTeacher Yeah .
We ’re fucked .
@teammandy
But I LIKE my brain .
#za
SparklySnarkery : oh hell .
zombie marvin zindler .
he ’s asking to see my refrigerator .
NO MARVIN , YOU CAN ’T #za
AngelaAckerman : #za I ’m participating in Earth Hour by hunting zombies instead of watching TV .
What are you doing to save the earth ?
Charlie_O : Zombie JFK
Jr just flew a plane into my house !
Shitty pilot then , shitty pilot now .
# ZA
BittenUsagi : Apartment complexes are a zombie buffet .
#za
thraeryn : Note : if someone outside tells you the Dead Kennedys are doing a show , DON ’T OPEN THE DOOR .
#za
hasselhofford : @ The Bloggess I ’m disappointed at how ill - prepared you were for this apocalypse we all saw coming from a mile away .
#za
Valya :
The zombies … not as well - dressed .
Except her…wait !
Is that Oprah Zombie !!!??!?!
#za
SarahJaneLehoux : Just cracked open my boss ’s skull and feasted on the goo within .
I ’d say this is the American dream , but I ’m Canadian .
#za
The Bloggess : Phone ’s almost dead .
They ’re coming through the windors .
This will be my last tweet .
I love you all .
#za
The Bloggess : Crap .
I mean “ windows ” .
I ca n’t even do my last tweet with dignity .
WTF , me ?
#za
Cecilyk : Zoolander just came on the TV ; clearly , they knew the zombie apocalypse was coming .
#za
Valya :
Anyone else in Chicago see this !?
Oprah Zombie seems to be controlling the others .
They ’ve fallen behind her & obey her sign language .
#za
@theelusivefish : .@Valya and if everyone looks under their seats … you got a brain !
and you got a brain !
and you got a Brian , but he has a brain !
#za
PlaguedBySquids :
Now clawing at my door .
Awfully impolite .
There ’s a doorbell , you guys .
#za
daddyscratches : A few weeks ago when my neighbor pissed me off and I told him to “ eat me ” ?
This totally was n’t what I had in mind .
#za
SparklySnarkery : Only in America do zombies get healthcare , but women still have to pay out of pocket for birth control #za
ElGatoCello : I mean , I ’m all about a face - lift in times of crisis , but this ?
Ridiculous and out of hand .
I mean , at least let me keep my nose .
#za
SarahJaneLehoux : Cause you have to think logistics .
Too many zombies = not enough food .
I ’m worried we ’re going into a brain recession .
#za
insaneartgurl :
My in - laws just called to say they ’re coming over for a bite .
Never did trust them .
#za
insaneartgurl :
There ’s a lot of yelling coming from the neighbors .
Ca n’t tell if the zombies got them or they ’re just fighting again .
Hope it ’s zombies #za
fentonslee : Circumcision leads to zombie apocalypse . # za # i2
ASaville : Zombris ?
ElGatoCello : I decided to go with a Reuben for dinner .
He was not pleased to say the least .
#za
jlcs621 : beware of bathrooms .
you ’re at your most vulnerable .
they can just smell it .
#za
OCTBernie : Fact : it takes 5 zombies to unscrew a lightbulb , but only 1 zombie to unscrew your arm .
#za
OCTBernie : The lesson here ?
Disguise your arms as lightbulbs and you ’ll do much better .
#za
ElGatoCello :
Hey now , brains are delicious .
You do n’t NEED an excuse to eat them .
#za
@xkab : impatiently waiting for justin beeber to turn zombie so i can go all - out - alice on his ass .
#za
ElGatoCello : Alright .
Gonna go play Shamble Shamble Revolution now .
#za
worldocrap : you know what would be bad ?
what if zombies could only be killed by round the clock playing of “ Air Supply ” ?
#za
CassieLynn : I would eat the people I find most annoying first , but Paris Hilton looks too crunchy .
And she might talk during .
#za
jason_spadaro :
Not sure if it ’s a zombie or one of the neighbors , but it ’s chained up outside now .
#za
jason_spadaro :
They had an argument , confirming that they ’re neighbors .
They just went from captives to early alarm system .
#za
Soulprncs3 : What is with all the zombie tweets ?
Is that why they want us to turn off all the lights tonight ?
Ain’t falling for it .
#za
CassieLynn :
When I ’m a zombie , I ’m dipping everyone in RANCH .
#za
the_patches : Managed to escape from Home Depot. +1 chainsaw , - 1 father .
I call it a wash .
#za
delenn13 : They dance … then they eat .
So you have to play Thriller over and over again .
@insaneartgurl #za
CassieLynn : Tearing myself away from Zombie Apocalypse to shower .
Which is basically like rinsing off an apple before you chow down .
FUCK .
#za
@CaptCorndog : Eat the Canadians first , I hear they are tastier .
#ZA
CassieLynn :
Have n’t been eaten by zombies yet .
I feel weirdly dejected .
Doubting my deliciousness .
CassieLynn : Honestly , its like waiting for my prom date who never shows up .
To eat my brains .
He ’s Just Not That Into You … ’re brains .
#za
jason_spadaro : Chained up 30 zombies during three plays of “ thriller ” .
Got ’em .
Now what do I do with them , twitter ?
#za
jason_spadaro : Zombie chorus line ?
WIN .
#za #petzombie
Maybe they can do “ Cats ” .
jason_spadaro : ISO a choreographer who is n’t afraid to take risks .
#za#petzombie
jaycee :
Ten years of reflexively judging a building on its defensive merits from zombies .
Totally worth it .
#za
jason_spadaro : For Sale : LOT 30 highly caffeinated zombies WHO WILL NEVER HAVE A DANCING CAREER .
$ 1 a piece OBO .
#za #petzombie
The Bloggess :
And this is why I love twitter .
#za
The Bloggess :
Also , I had no idea how unprepared we all were for the zombie apocalypse .
It ’s not always going to be a drill , people .
#za
@4vrannaday :
What do you mean it was ‘ only a drill ’ ?
I SHOT MY NEIGHBOR .
yes .
Headshot .
#za
@jason_spadaro : Just checked on the zombies .
They started arguing over who was more talented …
For Sale : 15 highly caffeinated zombies … #za #petzombie
ohwhoa_svea : sleeping with a chain saw tied to a bat .
#za
SarahJaneLehoux :
All right , it ’s been fun .
Night , fellow zombies .
Be seeing you , food .
#za
Comment of the day : I ’ve been busy preparing for the Zombie Goddamn Apocalypse for three years and I leave Twitter for 15 motherfucking minutes and I miss it .
Thanks a lot , Bloggess .
~ Stimey
Have you heard about Bill White ’s BJ Services problem ?
No , White is n’t involved in an Eliot Spitzer - style sex scandal .
( Thank God . )
BJ Services is a Houston - based oil field services company under investigation by the House Energy and Commerce Committee for the use of “ fracking ” fluids that may be contaminating groundwater in Texas and elsewhere .
Since 2003 , while the mayor of Houston , White earned $ 2.6 million serving on the board of BJ Services .
This is problematic for several reasons .
Just on the most basic level , why did White feel the need to get entangled with a for - profit corporation while serving as mayor of the nation ’s fourth - largest city ?
Few big -city mayors do so .
And for good reason – even if you ’re squeaky - clean , the public can perceive you as serving two masters .
Even the appearance of a conflict of interest is something that public servants tend to avoid .
Rick Perry is certainly having a field day with the news .
Today , his campaign released a statement calling White ’s tenure on the BJ Services board a “ sweetheart deal ” and “ shady . ”
Pot calling the kettle black , I know , but this is politics .
Plus , if you ’re going to attack your opponent for cronyism , it ’s dangerous to leave yourself open to similar charges .
Houston is , as Robert Bryce put it in Pipe Dreams : Greed , Ego and the Death of Enron , “ a place ambitious people go to make money , ” so I ’m sure many Houstonians had little problem with White making more than his $ 160,000 salary .
But I also think plenty of folks will be scratching their heads wondering what a full - time public servant did to earn $ 2.6 million .
If White was n’t the mayor , would he have been worth that much to BJ Services ?
Finally , there ’s the issue of BJ Services ’ fracking activities .
Hydraulic fracturing is an increasingly - utilized drilling technique that involves the injection of water and chemicals into “ tight ” formations deep underground to fracture the rock and release natural gas .
The technique has opened up new frontiers in domestic gas production but is also linked to contamination of drinking water supplies , gas explosions , and even earthquakes ( see : Cleburne , Texas ) .
In 2005 , Congress – at the behest of Dick Cheney – actually exempted fracking fluids from the Safe Drinking Water Act .
Under the Halliburton loophole , as it ’s come to be called , companies can keep details about fracking chemicals a secret .
However , a congressional committee is asking some of the main companies , including BJ Services , for data on their activities .
Houston Chronicle :
U.S. Rep. Henry Waxman , D - Calif. , chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee , last month announced that BJ Services , along with Halliburton and several other oil field services companies will be investigated for the possibility that their gas recovery methods could lead to groundwater contamination .
Waxman noted that between 2005 and 2007 , BJ Services admitted to pumping 1,700 gallons of diesel fuel into gas wells in Oklahoma and Arkansas .
BJ Services self - reported the incidents , and no pollution has been directly attributed to a BJ services well in Texas .
Waxman has asked the company for additional information .
White ’s reaction has been to dismiss the fracking concerns .
“ Hydraulic fracturing is essential to an affordable supply of natural gas — a clean domestic fuel — and can be done in a manner that ’s safe for both people and the environment , ” he told the Chronicle .
Maybe so , but how ?
We ’re all ears .
This weekend , Boston restaurant blog MC Slim JB compiled a list of 27 terrible restaurant names in the area , including high - end steakhouse Mooo .... , Strip - T's ( restaurant , not strip joint ) in Watertown , and the above - pictured Blunch ( which sounds more like an Urban Dictionary entry than any meal I 'd want to have ) .
The list is limited to the Boston area — and we know there are plenty of worse restaurant names all around the country .
So tell us :
What 's the worst restaurant name you 've ever heard ?
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Govt insults Kiwis by supporting return to whaling
NZ Government insults Kiwis by supporting return to whaling
The New Zealand Government ’s sell - out at the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) could effectively see a return to commercial whaling , says Greenpeace .
At a weekend meeting of the IWC in America , New Zealand supported a proposal that would allow Japan , Norway and Iceland to openly hunt whales .
Australia wants whaling to be phased out in five years but New Zealand is among those seeking a return to whaling .
Greenpeace New Zealand oceans campaigner Karli Thomas says that New Zealand should have no part in this deal and should be backing Australia ’s stance to end commercial whaling in the Southern Ocean .
“ John Key ’s Government is undoing decades of conservation work by Kiwis to protect whales .
If this proposal goes ahead we ’ll be an embarrassment on the international stage .
“ New Zealand ’s support for this proposal goes against public opinion and the Government ’s own position on this issue .
By backing this proposal New Zealand could find itself supporting a return to commercial whaling and an endorsement to kill whales in areas that have been designated as international whale sanctuaries .
“ Our national values are under increasing attack by John Key ’s government .
First mining in our national parks and now it ’s supporting a return to whaling .
What ’s next on the list ?
Nuclear ships in our harbours ? ”
Thomas said the IWC should reject the proposal describing it as a dangerous throwback to the 20th century when whales where hunted to near extinction .
“ We are at a critical junction for both whaling and ocean conservation .
A return to commercial whaling would not only be a disaster for whales but will erode international ocean conservation efforts , making it vastly more difficult to protect other rapidly - declining species such as tuna and sharks . ”
Japan ’s whaling industry will come under close scrutiny this week as witnesses give evidence in the trial of two Greenpeace activists , Junichi Sato and Toru Suzuki .
Known as the Tokyo Two , Junichi and Toru were arrested after they intercepted whale meat embezzled from the so - called “ scientific research ” programme while on its way to the black market .
Over the next four days defence witnesses will include an industry insider supporting Greenpeace ’s allegations , and crewmembers of the whaling fleet involved in the whale meat scandal .
ENDS
© Scoop Media
A bullet that landed in the office of House Minority Whip Eric Cantor was the result of " random gunfire , " police in Richmond , Virginia said Friday .
Cantor , the No. 2 Republican in the House of Representatives , told reporters Thursday that a bullet was shot through a window at his campaign office in Richmond , Virginia .
He also said he had received threatening messages .
In a news release Thursday , police said the bullet struck at about 1 a.m. on Tuesday .
The preliminary investigation showed that " a bullet was fired into the air and struck the window in a downward direction , landing on the floor about a foot from the window .
The round struck with enough force to break the windowpane but did not penetrate the window blinds .
There was no other damage to the room , which is used occasionally for meetings by the congressman . "
The building , which has several tenants including an office used by Cantor , was unoccupied at the time , the news release said .
Richmond police spokesman Gene Lepley told CNN Friday that it was the result of " random gunfire . "
–CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report
Read the full story at CNN's Political Ticker
Two iPhone developers have been slapped with a 10 - page cease and desist order from the BBC for trying to create an app that would cache iPlayer content .
The application , Rewat.ch , has been in development for the last few months , and the two - man Manchester - based team Camiloo dropped the BBC a line when development started .
But it was only when the application was submitted to Apple that the BBC noticed and decided immediate action was called for .
The app allows users to select programmes from the iPlayer 's RSS service , then downloads the content for watching later when network quality might not be up to scratch ( such as when travelling on the tube ) .
Camiloo reckoned it would be OK as the application notes the expiry date attached to the programme , and deletes it when that date arrives - providing the same functionality as various desktop clients did .
But those clients all disappeared when the BBC changed its verification layer .
That change has n't stopped Rewat.ch working , but the cease and desist order certainly has .
The BBC is adamant that the iPhone service is streaming only , and is probably bound by agreements with the companies creating the content , but what 's harder to forgive is that the corporation did n't make that clear to Camiloo earlier .
The company contacted the BBC's iPlayer team , and were told that the matter was being looked into and they would be contacted .
Hearing nothing , the company took a risk and developed the application .
One could argue that Camiloo should n't have taken that risk , but it 's a shame the BBC could n't have responded earlier to a reasonable request to use its content , even if only to let the developers know it would n't be allowed before everyone 's time got wasted . ®
Australia has been trying to combat violence in schools
Australians have expressed outrage that a company which uses schools for weekend war games has promoted them as being " perfect killing fields " .
One parents ' association described the promotions , in the state of Queensland , as totally inappropriate .
An opposition education spokesman said such activities on school property sent the wrong message when the authorities were trying to stop school violence .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd questioned why schools allowed such activities .
A spokeswoman for the Queensland Education authority said school principals decided on the hiring facilities for community use in consultation with local associations .
' Most modern guns '
The BBC's Nick Bryant reports that the company Urban Assault runs outdoor war games using laser guns , and advertises on its website four schools in Queensland as ideal battlefields .
One school on the Gold Coast , it says , offers the " perfect urban assault battlefield " .
Long range weapons rule , it goes on , and it's " perfect for setting up killing fields with our Gattling guns " .
The website shows pictures of adults and children dressed in camouflage firing laser weapons in the schools , and the company says it has the " most modern realistic guns available in Australia " .
The head of a Queensland parents association said the photos and advertisement were totally inappropriate and that she was " absolutely horrified " .
The state education department has asked the company to remove references to schools from its promotional material .
The struggle of lesbian , gay , bisexual , queer , and transgender ( LGBQ&T ) people for full equality is one of this generation ’s most important and galvanizing civil rights movements .
Despite the many advances that have been made , however , LGBQ&T people continue to face discrimination in many areas of life .
Neither Pennsylvania law nor federal statutes specifically prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity .
However , federal courts and some federal agencies have recognized discrimination against LGBQ&T people as a form of gender or sex discrimination .
Additionally , in August 2018 , the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission - the government agency that enforces the commonwealth 's nondiscrimination law - announced that it accepts complaints of discrimination against LGBQ&T people in employment , housing , and public accommodations as a form of sex discrimination .
Finally , more than 40 local governments in Pennsylvania have ordinances prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity in employment , housing , and public accommodations .
Limitations in DNA sequencing technology make it difficult to detect some major mutations often linked to cancer , such as the loss or duplication of parts of chromosomes .
Now , methods developed by Princeton computer scientists will allow researchers to more accurately identify these mutations in cancerous tissue , yielding a clearer picture of the evolution and spread of tumors than was previously possible .
Deep Learning Tutorials ¶
Deep Learning is a new area of Machine Learning research , which has been introduced with the objective of moving Machine Learning closer to one of its original goals : Artificial Intelligence .
See these course notes for a brief introduction to Machine Learning for AI and an introduction to Deep Learning algorithms .
Deep Learning is about learning multiple levels of representation and abstraction that help to make sense of data such as images , sound , and text .
For more about deep learning algorithms , see for example :
The tutorials presented here will introduce you to some of the most important deep learning algorithms and will also show you how to run them using Theano .
Theano is a python library that makes writing deep learning models easy , and gives the option of training them on a GPU .
The algorithm tutorials have some prerequisites .
You should know some python , and be familiar with numpy .
Since this tutorial is about using Theano , you should read over the Theano basic tutorial first .
Once you ’ve done that , read through our Getting Started chapter – it introduces the notation , and downloadable datasets used in the algorithm tutorials , and the way we do optimization by stochastic gradient descent .
The code is available on the Deep Learning Tutorial repositories .
The purely supervised learning algorithms are meant to be read in order :
Logistic Regression - using
Theano for something simple Multilayer perceptron - introduction to layers Deep Convolutional Network - a simplified version of LeNet5
The unsupervised and semi-supervised learning algorithms can be read in any order ( the auto - encoders can be read independently of the RBM / DBN thread ) :
Building towards including the mcRBM model , we have a new tutorial on sampling from energy models :
HMC Sampling - hybrid ( aka Hamiltonian ) Monte - Carlo sampling with scan ( )
Note that the tutorials here are all compatible with Python 2 and 3 , with the exception of Modeling and generating sequences of polyphonic music with the RNN - RBM which is only available for Python 2 , like the tutorials in medical imagery segmentation .
Economic Development ' Chicanery '
Stay Engaged
Get insightful commentary and the most reliable research on Michigan issues sent straight to your inbox .
Website Content Writing Services - User & SEO Friendly
Home » Website Content Writing Service
Content or text is one of the most important concepts for any website .
It is important to have a website that is aesthetically appealing and visually engaging .
Just in case if the content of your website is not written professionally , you are sure to lose your customers .
Rich content is equally important along with the good designed websites .
User 's always come to the websites for the information about the services or the products you offer .
You need to have creative website content that is capable of convincing your visitors to use your services or buy your products .
In other words , your website copy or your website content plays the role of a sales assistant .
For example , if you have hired a poor sales person .
Can you expect any sales out of him or her ?
That is what exactly happens with poor quality website content .
Content Writing Service Packages
Select Content Writing Type Web content writing Web content writing is a specific niche that requires writers specializing in writing relevant content for websites .
Our web content writing package is highly economical .
$ 50 for minimum 500 words Creative website content writing Select the English format :
This option is used to select english format of the article UK - English US - English Select the No. of words per article :
This option is used to select no .
of words required per article 500 words for WCW 750 words for WCW 1000 words for WCW 1500 words for WCW 2000 words for WCW Select the No. of Articles required :
This option is used to select the no. of articles required 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Cost per article Number of Article required Total Amount : $ 50 Buy now
Secondly , the content in your website should help you project a very professional brand image in your niche .
The content should be ,
Creative Original Well - researched Relevant to your business and target audience Free from plagiarism and Free from all kinds of grammatical and typographical errors
Thirdly , your website 's content has another very crucial role to play .
It helps you get listed in the search results and makes your website visible to the target community .
Search engines parse through the content in your website .
And indexes the pages so that when relevant searches are made they can list your website .
Your website content has to be search engine friendly in order to be listed in the search results .
SubmitEdgeSEO's
Creative Website Content writing services takes care of all these three important aspects of website content .
We will provide you with exceptional quality content for your website and help you impress your visitors .
Our Content Writing Process :
We provide you with highly professional content writing services with efficient content writing process .
We follow the following steps in our content writing process : Firstly Customer places the order and provides information about his or her website 's content writing requirements .
Then our order review team reviews the customer 's requirements to ensure that all the required information is available to start the content writing process .
For any further information , we contact the customer to procure the required information .
After receiving the information , the review team identifies the respective right in the niche and assign the task appropriately .
At the same time content writer reviews the requirements and performs in - depth research to gather the required information as part of the creative content writing process
The writer creates a professional copy of the website content with all the information at hand .
Our writers have vast SEO background , so they create content that is not only interesting to read but also content that is search engine friendly .
After completion of the work , we send content for quality check to quality control / editorial team .
The editorial team reviews the content using the strictest quality control parameters and makes sure that content is flawless .
We will send Quality checked / Proof read content to the customer for review .
Customer reviews the content , either approves the content or requests for change .
In case of any changes , the team will process the request to the team and send to the customer for final approval .
California City Worker Volunteers for Layoff to Save Colleague 's Job Patricia
Overy 's job was spared , but she gave it up for a co-worker .
March 4 , 2010  --
There were no tears when Sharon Singleton got called into her boss ' office to be told her job had been eliminated .
Those came later .
While Singleton , one of 11 employees let go by the city of Lathrop , Calif. , took a day off to figure out her next step , her colleague was quietly deciding to give up her own job to save someone else's .
Patricia " Patti "
Overy , a mother of four , said she too was shocked by the layoffs , which claimed two members of the close - knit finance department where she had done accounting work for seven years .
Her job was spared .
" I started kind of doing a little soul searching and looking at my situation , " Overy said , " and went home and talked with my husband . "
She and her husband , a city worker in nearby Tracy , Calif. , talked about their finances and their children -- one teenager , a 7 - year - old and twin 4 - year - olds .
They talked about health insurance and the job market .
And then they decided together that Overy should give up her job and let someone else take it .
She then requested a meeting with her boss and City Manager Cary Keaten and asked to be laid off .
" I thought I could cope a little better with the loss of a job for awhile than any of my other co-workers , " she said .
Overy said she had n't been considering leaving her job or even looking for a new job when the layoffs were announced .
But at 40 years old , she knew she'd have an easier time re-entering the job market than someone who was older -- someone like Singleton .
Overy did n't know her job would be going to Singleton when she offered to leave city hall -- only that her job would go either to Singleton , a city employee for six years , or another middle - aged woman who had worked for the city for 15 years .
Singleton , 63 , said she returned to work two days after being laid off and quickly was whisked into the boss ' office and told about Overy 's offer .
" I was flabbergasted , of course .
Just total shock , just kind of stood there , " she said .
" Then yes , had some tears . "
Overy said she was sitting at her desk that day when Singleton came up to her and said , " What are you doing ? "
" It was very emotional , " Overy said .
After Volunteering for Layoff , ' We 'll Be Fine '
Overy gave a farewell speech before the city council and received a round of applause when she was finished .
Keaten was unavailable for comment , but told ABC's Sacramento affiliate KXTV that " she 's been the union shop steward for several years , cares about her fellow employees .
" She felt to her and her family , this is something that could work out , " he said .
Now at home during the day -- her last day was Tuesday -- Overy said she 's not going to look for a job for awhile .
The night of her last day she said , " The twins were like , ' Mommy are we staying home with you tomorrow ? '
My son says , ' Mom are you going to start taking me to school ? ' "
" I feel so blessed , " she said .
" I want to be more of a participant in my kids lives and what they 're doing .
I 'm going to re-evaluate that a little bit . "
Things may get a little tighter around the house .
Overy said their needs are simple .
" Maybe a little tighter budget , " she said .
" But we 'll be fine . "
" Blessed " is the same word Singleton used to describe her own situation .
" I think it was a very wonderful thing that she did , " she said of Overy .
" I feel very blessed that she did this and I was able to be the recipient of her kindness . "
As I grabbed my grease - soiled lunch cooler and stepped out of my GM truck to head into work at Delphi Packard Electric I had to stop for a moment to digest the sight of a nearly 1 / 2 mile long , 1/8 mile deep parking lot that was literally empty .
I reflected for a moment on two American brothers with the knowledge and ingenuity to develop high voltage ignition cable that in the early 1900s was only available abroad .
From those beginnings in a factory near downtown Warren , Ohio , evolved the largest automotive electrical wiring and component business in the world .
Eventually the North River Road complex became the center hub of all engineering and development .
Some of greatest advances in automotive electronics were birthed right here in Warren , Ohio .
At its peak nearly 15,000 American workers filed through these doors .
The huge parking lot that I gazed upon once filled to its capacity with American workers now looked like a deserted scene from an apocalyptic movie .
What happened to my country ?
The regal blue engineering and research facility now stands totally empty .
American engineering and manufacturing skills built this once huge empire with blood , sweat and gears .
Once the hard work was complete and the business model set , little by little the corporate heads began to whittle away at this empire .
Not for the sake of survival but for the seemingly insatiable desire to line their pockets in excess – at the expense of each and every American worker , union and salary , that they could eliminate .
What happened to my country ?
I could n’t help but get a bit emotional as I reflected on my own family members who had helped to build this empire and the excitement I felt when I was hired into the fold .
The future looked grand here at Delphi Packard .
I remember vividly my first week of employment .
Exiting the freeway , the first thing you saw was this gigantic parking lot with thousands of cars , the majority of them General Motors vehicles .
The sense of security I felt working for such a huge America icon of this size was comforting to say the least .
A place this large , I thought , could never be replaced .
It was too vital an operation , if only due to its vast size , so I thought .
But now each day is greeted with more uncertainty of the future of this once great American built business .
No commitment from a company whose Internet pages are loaded with accolades and accomplishments of plants in China , Mexico , South America , Morocco , Turkey , and Romania – just to name a few – with their smiling faces pictured amongst brand new equipment and facilities , likely funded by a once prosperous American base .
While – at what is left of the US operations – we continue to produce more product per employee to a much higher quality standard with some equipment dating back 3 or 4 decades .
I can only imagine what we could do in Warren , Ohio , given a fraction of the resources that have been awarded to many of these foreign facilities .
What happened to my country ?
So as I continued my walk on that cold January afternoon up the sidewalk toward the turnstiles , I could almost hear the voices and footsteps of the thousands of former employees that walked this same sidewalk , where now just a few hundred remain .
And for some reason the American flag that flies proudly at the entrance looked a bit different to me this day .
I felt a bitter sense of betrayal and anger .
Not toward my country which this flag proudly represents , but a company that seemingly manipulated and exploited the freedoms that the flag stands for .
In my humble opinion Delphi Packard should no longer even be considered an American company considering how it has forsaken its homeland and the American workforce that played such an integral part in its success .
The sad truth is , this same scenario , in different scales of severity is being played out all over the manufacturing base of this “ once ” great nation .
For the sake of making a chosen sect of the American populous extremely wealthy they have forsaken Joe and Jane American .
What they are beginning to realize though is that Joe and Jane American are the people who drive the American and world economy .
Not the CEOs and other corporate heads .
Take away Joe and Jane ’s livelihood and you have the America that you see now .
An America struggling to keep its head above water .
A government attempting to operate on a tax - based income that shrinks with the loss of each living wage job as the deficit climbs to new highs .
What happened to my country ?
Well I ’m sure we may not all agree on the answer to that question .
But one thing is for sure .
The vision that drove this Nation to be a fully independent world power , and the dominating industrial force on the planet , has been lost , if not greatly blurred , due to that insatiable desire for more that I spoke of earlier .
The United States of America has changed drastically in the last 15 years and , in my opinion , not for the better .
Greater empires have fallen .
May God Bless America …
The author is “ just another number on the Delphi roster . ”
Photo : 1922 Packard Model 126 Sport Phaeton steering wheel / dashboard .
The Packard Electric Co. was founded in Ohio in 1890 .
One of its subsidiaries produced the first Packard car in 1899 .
In 1932 it became part of the General Motors Corp. , and later became Delphi Packard Electric Systems .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/nostri-imago/ / CC BY 2.0
Einstein was autistic so probably had dexterity issues .
He was also Jewish .
As a Jew I hereby state that I will never wear laces again .
Of course my swim trunks might fall down if I do n't tie the string .
That would be bad .
I do n't have velcro shoes .
What about a necktie ?
I guess thats out too .
OMG I am going to have to run around in my boxers .
Oh well .
What has to be done has to be done .
I shall not cross myself .
LOL LOL
Then again I might have to convert just to be able to tie my shoes .
What a delima I have ?!?!
I will choose the boxers .
I bet me running around in my boxers will make FOX News , you know , once I am put in a nut house .
Actually since I am not a poltician it probably wo n't make FOX news but who knows .
They report on the most bizarre stuff .
LOL
Note to asker :
It is my understanding that since Einsteins brain is in the possession of Princeton and the Autism Brain Bank is also located there , they have studied the brain and his brain did seem to have the " autism " trait .
Now what that means is a whole other story .
I have no idea .
Maybe we should have them check on the " shoe tying trait " too .
LOL
Fun question .
Outside the norm .
Thanks for the laugh .
Frank Fahrenkopf has more than his fair share of experience in both the political and gaming worlds .
After serving as the chairman of the Republican National Committee for most of Ronald Reagan ’s tenure as president , Fahrenkopf decided to accept a job as chief executive of the newly formed American Gaming Association in 1995 .
He told the members of the AGA at that time that he would serve for one year , just to help “ get it off the ground . ”
Fifteen years later , he remains president and CEO of the association , which has matured into a major lobbying force for the commercial casino industry .
Now , he speaks to Card Player to discuss the AGA ’s new position on internet gaming , as well as some of the major issues facing the commercial casino industry today .
In the interview , he speculates about the possibility that Barney Frank ’s bill may be added to other must - pass legislation , just like the UIGEA was in 2006 , as well as why he thinks the controversial UIGEA must remain law .
Stephen A. Murphy :
What is the AGA ’s current position on online gaming ?
Frank J. Fahrenkopf :
We are open to the concept of legalized internet gambling , so long as there is a regulatory regime that is put in place that protects the consumer and protects the integrity of the game .
We ’re at this point in time open to the question of whether it ’s a federal or state regulatory regime , although I must tell you I think a majority of the board would favor the states .
But until we have something that we ’re really going to look at , we ca n’t get to that question .
Now Harrah ’s , as you know , has been working very hard along with others in pushing the Barney Frank bill .
The Menendez bill has been sitting there .
We do n’t know where it ’s going .
Barney at the last hearing had indicated in response to the request by the ranking Republican [ Spencer ]
Bachus that there would be another hearing where Justice Department would come and testify .
The word is , and it ’s rumored , because Barney has not said it and his staff is not saying anything , if anything they are going to mark the bill up .
They ’ll mark the bill up and try to get it out of committee and onto the floor — or attach it to something that is a guaranteed pass , very much how like UIGEA passed , where they put it on a port security bill .
So that ’s where it is .
At this point in time in the Senate , we do n’t see any movement on the Menendez bill , but we understand that there is a lot of effort being made now , saying , " Maybe we ought to just go with a poker carve out .
It ’s too much to think that we ’re going to get everything , so why do n’t we focus on the Menendez bill ? ”
SM : Why do you think a majority of your members would rather have regulation at the state level ?
FF : Anyone who has been in the gaming industry for the last 30 years , we have an old saying —
‘ We do n’t want the camel ’s nose under the tent , ’ in terms of the federal government and their regulatory regimes and taxes .
There ’s the fear that the federal government , if it starts regulating and taxing internet gambling , they ’re going to say let ’s just make it a federal system and tax everything .
SM : A lot of poker players are fearful that if regulation is done at the state level , it ’ll affect who online poker players will be able to play with , creating a much more restrictive pool of players and therefore smaller prize pools .
Do you think online poker could be regulated at the state level , but still be open for players to compete against others outside of their states ?
FF : I think so .
If I were doing this — and I ’m not — but one of the ways it could work would be if there were a federal oversight with minimal standards , which would be delegated to the states .
Therefore , to be a state regulatory agency , you ’re going to have to have a lot of experience .
The net result would probably be that Nevada and New Jersey are the places where regulatory control would take place , but it would be done in a way where each state did n’t have to deal with it .
Let ’s say a state like Alabama said they wanted internet poker .
Well , they do n’t have a regime that could regulate it .
They do n’t have the law enforcement , they do n’t have the experience .
I think it would be natural that the regulatory controls and licensing would be done by experienced jurisdictions , like Nevada and New Jersey .
The question is going to be — and this is an unanswered question — but one that we are concerned with : what about those offshore companies that have been taking sports betting and other bets that is in violation in what is perceived to be U.S. law ?
Could they come in ?
I think there ’s going to be some real questions as to what the legislatures provide in terms of that .
SM : I would assume that the AGA would not want those companies in the market , correct ?
FF :
The board has not made that decision , but that ’s my assumption .
If they ’re blatantly violating the law , why would you invite them in ?
It ’s not like people do n’t know .
There have been a number of executives who ’ve been arrested and fined .
But there are still people in spite of that who are continuing to take wagers , knowing that it ’s the official position of the United States government that it is illegal .
SM : You ’ve mentioned that the AGA ’s official position is that you are “ open to the concept of internet gaming . ”
But the Barney Frank bill is out there , and you guys remain neutral on it , correct ?
FF : At this point in time , we do .
We remain neutral on it even though it ’s out there .
SM : What are some of the major sticking points on the Frank bill that ’s preventing the AGA from taking a stance of it ?
FF : The No. 1 issue is the federal regulatory control , the federal system .
At this point in time , that ’s the major sticking point .
Now that ’s not to say that if Barney Frank ’s bill starts to move and it appears like it ’s got a shot to be legalized with the federal regime , the board might not say , well , we think it ’s important that internet gambling is the next step , and we might approve it .
But I ’m just trying to guess , knowing the folks on my board , clearly the federal and regulatory taxation is part of the reason we ’re neutral .
SM : Besides Harrah ’s , who else on your board is supportive of going for federal regulation as opposed to state regulation ?
FF : Well , I think that you probably would get some of the manufacturers that would support it .
I think IGT ( International Game Technology ) and WMS ( WMS Gaming Inc. )
I ’m guessing would support it .
SM : Has Steve Wynn softened his opposition to online gaming ?
FF : That ’s a good question .
I do know that he has hired some experts .
I do n’t remember the guy ’s name ( that he hired ) , but he said that Mr. Wynn has not changed his mind on the Barney Frank bill or the Menendez bill , but he has hired him to make him ‘ smart ’ on internet gambling .
This individual has gone to the Isle of Man , Great Britain , and Gibraltar to do the research .
But I have not heard from Steve himself .
There is a widespread rumor running around — and when it comes to internet gambling , there are enough rumors — that he may be softening his view .
But I do not know this at this point .
SM : Did the AGA have any involvement in the delay of the UIGEA for six months to June 1 , 2010 ?
FF : No , we did not get involved in that .
SM : And you do n’t plan on getting involved with it in the future ?
FF : No .
See , our view is this — let ’s assume that internet gambling was legalized .
You would need UIGEA .
You would need UIGEA to go after those companies that are wild cards out there who do n’t come to be licensed and regulated .
So you ’re going to need UIGEA .
At this point in time , it ’s gotten to be a very contentious thing .
You had Barney requesting that it ’d be delayed , you had Mitch McConnell ( R - KY ) representing the pari-mutuel industry in Kentucky , because the pari-mutuel industry thought that MasterCard was no longer going to allow — because let ’s face it , internet gambling is going on in the United States in the pari- mutuel industry — and that if it went into effect , MasterCard would no longer allow their cards to be used in the pari-mutuel field .
Senator Reid asked that the delay be extended .
Harrah ’s wanted it to be extended .
It is my understanding that they will not be further extended , that [ U.S. Secretary of the Treasury ]
Tim Geithner made a deal with Senator Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) , who released his hold on some of the appointments for Treasury .
They said that they ’re not going to extend it again .
There are some good parts to UIGEA and there are some bad parts to UIGEA , and the people who really want help with UIGEA are the banks because , let ’s face it , the bill did not define what ’s legal and illegal .
That ’s been an open question .
The third circuit has taken the position that casino games are not barred by the Wire Act .
Other districts , such as some federal decisions in Missouri , have said that they are barred by the Wire Act .
It ’s murky out there .
We ’ve never had the Supreme Court say , “ OK , the Wire Act of 1961 outlaws this . ”
There ’s been no clarity , and that ’s caused so many of the problems .
The pari-mutuel industry is involved in internet gambling , and yet the Justice Department says they do n’t consider the interstate horse racing act as an exemption of the Wire Act and says what the pari-mutuel industry is doing is illegal , but they ’ve never arrested anyone .
It ’s such a murky , murky area .
So , if in fact legislation is going to pass , whether it ’s a Barney Frank bill or a poker carve out like the Menendez bill , we would hope that there would be clarity .
At least now we ’re in the position , as far as the AGA is concerned , we can at least be at the table while these things are being drawn to make sure the interests of our members are protected where before we could n’t even be at the table .
So that ’s the major change .
SM : In a recent editorial you wrote for Global Gaming Business , you said , “ In this challenging election season , it ’s important to support those who support our industry , ” and you credited Senator Harry Reid as a major ally to the gaming industry .
Is it fair to say that the AGA is supporting and endorsing Senator Reid in what is expected to be a tough reelection campaign ?
FF : Well , the AGA has never endorsed candidates .
I personally , even as a former chairman of the republican party , have endorsed him and have contributed to him .
My job is to defend the gaming industry here in Washington , so do I want to have the Majority Leader as someone who is from Nevada and understands the industry or do I want to have a freshman senator ?
I think there ’s no question that the majority of the people in the industry will support him , though not all — for example , I doubt that Sheldon Adelson ( CEO of Las Vegas Sands ) who has been very supportive of Republican candidates will be supporting Senator Reid , though I do n’t know that …
SM : Sorry to interrupt , but where does Sheldon Adelson stand in terms of internet gaming and federal vs. state regulation ?
FF : You know , I have n’t heard from them on where they stand on that .
They ’re recent members .
They were members , then they were out for a few years , now they ’ve joined again .
I ’m not sure I recall where exactly they are .
But on Harry Reid , the most effective ads that are being run right now in Las Vegas for Senator Reid feature Jim Murren , the president and CEO of MGM Mirage , facing the camera and saying if it were n’t for Senator Reid , CityCenter would not have been finished and 15,000 jobs would n’t have been created , so reelect Senator Reid .
Historically , the industry has been very supportive of Harry .
And remember , he ’s a former regulator .
And to be frank with you , in terms of internet gambling , whether it ’s the Frank bill or Menendez or a poker carve out , I think the key here is going to be what Senator Reid wants to do , what his decision is .
I doubt anything is going to get out of the Senate that he does n’t approve of , and I doubt that the president is going to be supportive of anything that Senator Reid is not supportive of .
SM : How familiar are you with Senator Reid ’s current feelings toward online gaming legislation ?
FF : Well , historically , Harry has indicated in the past that he was opposed to internet gambling because of the technology .
I think the best I could say , as someone from Harrah ’s recently told me , he ’s going to keep an open mind and they ’ve got to convince him that the technology is there .
But I do n’t think that the Senator has made any decision at this point .
SM : Do you think that the fact that the AGA is now officially open to internet gaming may help to persuade him to give it another look ?
FF : No .
I ’ve known Senator Reid for a long , long time ; we played high school baseball against each other .
He ’s going to make this decision on his own , on what he thinks and whether he thinks it can be properly supervised and if it ’s good for the American people to have it legalized on the basis of consumer protection , and whether or not it ’d be a positive for his constituents .
Those are the concerns .
My saying something to him or Harrah ’s wo n’t help ; he ’s a very independent guy .
Because of his experience in the field , no one has to educate him about this other than what new technologies might exist .
Some of the early supporters of this , particularly of the Barney Frank bill , kept talking about this as being new revenue for the federal government and under pay - as - you - go , it could provide funding .
I ’ve always thought that the more effective argument in favor of legalizing was for consumer protection .
We know that there are millions of Americans betting millions of dollars a year on the internet .
It ’s unregulated , and I do n’t think most of the operators — maybe some , I do n’t know — could care less about whether or not it ’s legal in the jurisdiction of the bettor , and could care less on whether or not the person is betting is actually the person they say they are , and not a minor .
And I do n’t think they could care less about the question of responsible gaming .
Since this is going on even with UIGEA , there ought to be a way to properly regulate and tax and protect the public .
I think that ’s a better argument .
SM : Is there anything we have n’t touched upon that you think could dictate the conversation in future months in regards to online gaming ?
FF : Well , you know it , but the argument that poker is different — I think that has legs .
The argument that it ’s a game of skill and not a game of chance , well , that does n’t fly because the courts have looked at it and said , well it is a game of skill , but it ’s also a game of chance .
But poker is different .
It does not have the social stigma that other gaming has on it .
Everyone plays poker .
There ’s been a poker game in this town that has been running for years for politicians .
I ’m just speaking theoretically , I ’m not making these arguments , but if there are people in Congress who are concerned whether or not internet gaming can be properly regulated to that standards that we do in Nevada and New Jersey and some of the other states , why not start with poker ?
Give it a shot , and that will be the proof in the pudding , whether or not it can be properly regulated , rather than totally opening up .
Now there are people who are pushing for legislation now who are not for that .
The main proponents of the Barney Frank bill would love to have everything included , including sports betting , which is not going to happen .
To me , starting with poker would be a sensible solution for consumer protection concerns and to try to raise revenue for both the federal and state governments .
But that ’s not for me to opine .
About Our Firm
The Kansas City Personal Injury law firm of Monsees & Mayer , P.C. is built on experience , relationships , and results .
Experience gives us an edge .
Relationships drive our practice .
Results set us apart .
The breadth of our legal practice is extensive , from routine automobile injury accidents to complex product liability or wrongful death litigation .
Our personal injury attorneys are known around the region for our representation of clients in sexual abuse claims .
We are nationally recognized for our work on Remington rifle and tree stand injuries , and have represented numerous clients whose family members were killed or suffered permanent disability as a result of hunting or recreational accidents .
In almost 75 years of combined experience , our attorneys have advocated exclusively for plaintiffs and have handled most types of claims and litigation .
However , we also welcome the challenge of new cases in developing areas of law .
Inside the Excruciatingly Slow Death of Internet Explorer 6
It 's the bane of designers everywhere , and it makes most modern sites look broken and horrible .
So why are 20 % of Web surfers still using it ?
There ’s a meeting going on right now .
It ’s a cross-functional meeting , which means that not only are multiple departments in the organization represented , but multiple expertise types , attitudes , and agendas as well .
The cross-functional nature of this meeting means a program manager is present and they are likely serving in their role as translator .
See , good program managers speak all the regional dialects of the company , so when engineering says , “ It ’s done , ” they jump right in and translate : “ Done pending function testing , production testing , and final documentation review , ” so that product management does n’t tell sales , “ It ’s done , ” and they start selling something which actually is n’t done .
In this well - attended multi-lingual meeting , a decision is on the table and it ’s a decision that ’s happening in every single software company right this second .
It ’s not really a decision , it ’s a negotiation , but it ’s on the table and people are tense because this decision is under heavy scrutiny :
Product management : “ What ’s it going to take get this feature done ? ”
Program management : “ What he ’s asking is … ”
Engineering : “ Quiet , I know what he ’s asking .
The answer is , do you want to sacrifice TIME , QUALITY , or FEATURES ? ”
Program management : “ What HE’s … ”
Product management : “ Yeah , I ’ve heard this before and I still want it all . ”
More talking .
More translating .
Action items are assigned , which gives everyone the illusion that progress was made .
And we all return to our respective regional offices and wait until we have the same meeting again , where we attempt to communicate intelligently with each other .
But all we really do is schedule meetings … when what we need to do is figure out who makes decisions .
That Damned Triangle
Time .
Quality .
Features .
It ’s usually described as a triangle , which somehow represents the state of your product or your feature .
I believe the idea is that in a perfect and unattainable world , this triangle is perfect , equilateral , and seemingly at rest .
There is balance among the time you have to release , the quality you are seeking to attain , and the features you want to ship .
In reality , this triangle is never at rest .
It ’s constantly shifting and , well , I do n’t think it ’s actually a triangle .
It ’s just a mental model that gives you just enough ammunition to lie .
The conversation goes like this :
Product management : “ We need this feature to be competitive . ”
Engineering : “ Ok .
We need four extra weeks to do that feature since it ’s new and you ’re asking late . ”
Product management : “ The date ca n’t shift , we made commitments . ”
Engineering : “ So did we .
Listen , something has to give .
You ’re adding more work or features , which means we need more time , or , if you want , less quality .
Make a choice . ”
These black and white arguments do n’t hold water .
The idea that there are three simple levers that define a feature or a product is passive - aggressive professional absurdity .
There are myriad levers the team can adjust , but to understand them you need to understand the people who are actually building the software .
Bits , Features , and Truth
Let ’s start with an exercise .
I want you to think about the project that you ’re working on , or , if your project is ginormous , I want you to think of the feature that you ’re developing .
Relative to this product or feature , I want you to walk up to your nearest whiteboard and draw three large circles :
Now , a name belongs inside each of these circles and it ’s the name of a specific role on your team .
The traditional titles for these roles are engineering manager , product manager , and program manager , but I do n’t want you get to get hung up on titles .
I want to you to think about the person who is best qualified to make a decision regarding the bits , the features , and the truth .
Bits :
Who is the engineer who has the most influence on the bits ?
There are likely influencers , but who is the engineer that everyone goes to when they have a question .
Your manager ’s name is a good knee jerk name to put up here , but just because they have “ manager ” in their title does n’t mean they know what ’s going on as well as where to go .
I want the name of the person who not only gets the call in the middle of the night where there is a bit - related emergency , but also the person who makes the large bit - related decisions .
I want to know the name of the person who , when they say no , the debate stops .
Got it ?
Ok , next .
Features :
Who is the person who defines the content for the product or feature ?
This is the name of the person who is constantly asking for more without regard for cost .
This is the person who can eloquently and calmly explain the need for this feature with an argument stronger than , “ Would n’t it be cool if … ?
Truth :
This might be the hardest to define because it ’s a role that could live anywhere in the building .
While it took years to form this opinion , I believe the person who is responsible for the process is the one most likely to be the keeper of the truth .
There ’s a constant ebb and flow of information in any group of people .
Important decisions are made in the morning that can take hours or days to move to the other side of the building .
Information is tucked away for nefarious purposes .
Information is laundered , adapted , and misinterpreted .
The truth is the aggregate best set of information that exists in the building , and the person who consistently has it is the keeper of the truth .
You know this person ; it ’s the person you go to when you ’re wondering , “ What the hell is going on here ? ”
This is the person who knows the politics and the players , they know the real reason the product is late , and this is why this is usually the job of the program manager .
The complaint I hear most about program management is the same complaint I hear about managers :
What do they do all day ?
What do they actually own ?
Practically , the most important part of the product they own is the schedule , but their larger contribution is information management .
Yeah , I know you start - up folk believe you ’re doing just great without a semblance of program or process management .
You believe that these types of folks are going to slow you down with their agendas and to - do lists .
Here ’s the deal : just because no one has the title in your garage does n’t mean the role does n’t exist .
In any group larger than one , someone has taken the role of keeper of the truth and their key skill is information wrangler .
They constantly gather the information from the group , synthesize it , translate it , and , sometimes forcibly , present this information to the folks who are busily lying to themselves .
Me : “ We have six weeks to shipping , we ’re good . ”
Keeper : “ Feature complete was two weeks ago and we ’re still writing code . ”
Me : “ But the team is fired up , working weekends , and … ”
Keeper : “ Steve and Ryan are on vacation for two weeks starting tomorrow . ”
Me : “ Oh . ”
A good program manager cares about the program and the product , but they also have a calm professional ambivalence .
They have to — they ’re always uncovering and then surviving the worst - case scenarios .
These discoveries often give them the most complete picture of how the product is doing .
Their ability to survive them has made them unflappable – they do n’t freak out because they ’ve lived through it and know there ’s always a way out … somehow .
All of this experience is why they usually end up owning the schedule .
I ’ll explain why when we get to analysis .
So , who is this calm , truth - oriented , well - informed person on your team ?
Who is the person who does n’t lose it ?
Who is the person you go to to understand the intent of the other parts of the organization ?
They very well might not have the title of program manager , but they are there .
Circle of Comfort
Before I analyze your circles , I need you to do one more pass where you ask yourself two questions .
Great , you ’ve got a name in each circle .
Maybe the same name is in two circles .
We ’ll talk more about that in a moment .
My first question is : for each name , what ’s the person ’s circle of comfort ?
It ’s fine that you put Ryan in both Bits and Features , but where does his heart lie ?
What is his professional background ?
Which circle is he going to instinctively optimize for ?
For each circle , if you think the occupant ’s natural circle is different , write that name underneath their circle .
My second question is : have you picked leaders ?
Look at the Bits circle .
The name you put in there is the brightest engineer in the building , and any time anyone needs someone to explain the architecture , he ’s the guy paraded across the building , but is he the leader ?
Does he make decisions about the direction of the product ?
He has incredibly strong and informed opinions about where it ’s going , but when it comes down to the commit , is he the guy ?
No ?
Ok , who is ?
Leaders have deep experience in their circle .
It ’s not chutzpah , it ’s not spin ; it ’s the knowledge and analytical skills developed from doing the job .
It ’s because you can walk up to them , present a hard problem , and have an immediate , informed , and comforting answer .
That ’s the name that belongs in the circle .
Leaders make decisions .
Sometimes it appears they ’re doing it with little data .
Some decisions are great , others are crap , but for the purpose of this circle exercise , you need to identify the three leaders relative to the Bits , the Features , and the Truth .
Circle Analysis
Ok , what ’ve we got ?
Let ’s walk through different circle scenarios :
– Something is empty .
We do n’t have program management , nor do we have any product managers .
Again , do n’t get hung up on titles .
Just because your company has n’t hired these folks does n’t mean the work is n’t happening .
Someone is picking features .
Someone is designing the schedule .
In fact , if you ’re really small , there ’s a chance the same name fills all three circles .
Let ’s talk about that .
– Same Name .
All three circles .
Edgar is the man .
He ’s our one - stop decision machine .
It ’s awesome .
While I appreciate your velocity as well as your enthusiasm , I have concerns .
I believe an effective team eventually needs each of these roles clearly defined and owned by three separate people .
Rands , where ’s QA ?
What about design ?
HELLO SALES .
These are essential parts of the business .
WHERE ARE THOSE CIRCLES ?
This model is not about describing an effective business ; it describes an effective team .
Sales , design , QA , marketing , customer support — the list goes on .
You need some version of these in order to have a business , and yes , they feed essential data into the product , but my assumption is that one of the reasons you wrote Mitchell ’s name in the Feature circle is that he has a solid relationship with the design team ; he knows that an essential part of his features is the design .
Three leaders .
One who makes decisions regarding the bits , another who is responsible for the features , and another who cares about the truth .
The theory is , these leaders are sitting in these circles because they have the ability to make good decisions relative to their expertise and the reality is these folks do not get along .
Program management believes engineering will never ship , product management believes the product would be nothing without them , and engineering thinks everyone else is useless because they do n’t know how to code .
It sounds pretty hostile , except when it comes to these three leaders .
See , in addition to decision - making authority , these folks have healthy tension with their circle peers .
I divide healthy tension into two equal and opposite beliefs :
– First , there ’s the reality - affirming belief that most everyone in the building shares .
It ’s the belief that my job is the most important job in the building and in my absence it ’ll just fall apart .
It ’s a quiet belief that we tell no one , but it ’s a silent strengthening belief that gives folks the confidence to make a decision .
I ’m an expert , I ’m brilliant , and I ’m right .
– Second , and specific to our circle denizens , there ’s the grudging respect for the other circles and the trust of their expertise .
This is a tenuous arrangement given the first belief , but part of leadership within the circle is the ability to step back from a massive decision and say , “ He knows better than I ” .
The idea is that the ability , skills , and experience that define each of these leaders are fundamentally different .
An engineer who has seven years of coding experience has a vastly different perspective regarding features and products than a product manager who has transformed an MBA into a product management gig .
You can fake it — an engineering leader can have a passionate opinion about a feature or a product — but there is a skill to defining , explaining , and justifying a feature that years of development wo n’t give you .
If you ’re staring at your three circles and the name is the same in all three , I have two questions :
Are they all that ?
Can they consistently make correct bit - related decisions along with feature decisions while realistically balancing the truth ?
Really ?
If it ’s the two of you in that garage , I get it , but if it ’s 100 of you and one person is responsible for all three circles , I bet they are optimizing for their circle of comfort and that means two other circles are n’t being represented .
Who do they argue with ?
Without the healthy tension between Features and Bits , there ’s no debating feature roadmaps and technical realities .
A diversity of opinion takes any idea and hopefully shapes it into something unpredictably better .
We can see good examples of this by looking at two other circle configurations .
– Bits and Features are the same .
So Ryan , an engineer by training , is making both engineering and feature decisions .
Great .
That gets rid a lot of those pesky feature prioritization meetings , right ?
What other meetings are n’t happening ?
Where else is the feature set of your product not being debated because Ryan is making unilateral decisions as owner of the bits and the features ?
Again , I ’m being an alarmist and I ’m exaggerating , but I believe you cannot effectively ( and do n’t want to ) remove yourself from what you do to make a well - informed decision outside of your circle .
Think of it like this : is Ryan the customer or does he have direct access to the customer ?
If the features are for engineers , there ’s a solid argument that he could make decisions for both the bits and the features , but if the product or features are n’t targeted for engineers , why do we believe Ryan can make informed decisions about them ?
I ’m not saying that anyone outside of the feature circle can’t have an opinion about the product .
You want a culture that encourages everyone to care deeply about the product you build , but if you ’re developing software for regular human beings then you need a regular human being to speak to their needs .
Let ’s look another variant .
– Truth is the Same as Features .
Tony the business guy owns both the features and the schedule .
This is a pretty common configuration because the belief is that those who make feature decisions for the user should also make scheduling decisions .
We need feature X in May .
What ’s the hitch ?
Well , you ’ve got the truth bundled with the features and I ’m uncomfortable with that because the truth needs to be neutral .
The truth needs to be unbiased , and with Tony ’s name in both circles , you ’ve got the guy who is calling the shots for the features almost making the schedule decisions .
He might have solid healthy tension with your Bits circle , but how is Bits going to argue with the guy who owns the levers for both content and time ?
The healthy tension created by having three distinct leaders creates diverse debate about your product .
Yes , this is the same debate I talked about at the beginning of this article , but the difference is when you have three leaders equally representing a well - defined viewpoint along with a sense of ownership , it ’s a balanced debate where the needs of the technology are weighed against the desires of the customer and the realities of the schedule .
When one leader is representing two circles , their two votes are pushing decisions in their favor .
Let the Negotiation Begin , It ’s About the Debate
This is just another model .
I ’ve replaced the Time / Quality / Features triangle with circles .
There are just as many ways to screw up and misrepresent this model with politics , inexperienced people , and poorly defined features .
The difference here is I believe this model not only realistically describes the forces that pull your product in different directions , it also gives those forces a proper name .
Let ’s go back to the endless debate where the Bits , Features , and Truth are equally represented :
Features : “ I want feature X and I want it on the same schedule . ”
Truth : “ We need more time and since I know all the moving parts , I know that we ’re ahead of schedule of one feature .
I think we ’ve got two weeks of wiggle room . ”
Bits : “ Two weeks is n’t enough .
Can we cut this one feature that we have n’t started and no one cares about in half ? ”
Features : “ I can live with that . ”
Truth : “ Sold . ”
Software is built by people .
The best Gantt chart only tells you half the truth about the schedule ; the most complete marketing requirements document can never describe why a feature is compelling ; and the most detailed technical specification will never tell you what makes for beautiful code .
These are only tools and they tell little about the people who are building the software .
These people have names and they ’ve earned them by not only making consistent great decisions for their area of experience , but also knowing when to ask someone else for advice .
You ’re Rick Sanchez , everyone ’s favorite unstable genius .
You ’re yelling at Morty in your garage when a Mysterious Rick pops out of a portal and ruins your life .
He traps you in an unfamiliar dimension where you discover that Morty collecting and fighting is the hottest new trend in the multiverse !
I ’m not sure if this is an announcement , a pre-announcement , or simply a trial ballon , but here ’s an idea that ’s been getting me excited lately : Gigamonkeys Quarterly , a web site / journal / publishing house that will publish well - written articles and books of interest to hackers .
My basic theory is that there ’s a niche waiting to be filled by someone publishing well - written pieces longer than blog articles but shorter than books and making them available in a variety of formats .
So my plan is to create a web site where I can publish in - depth articles about computers and software written by me and by other writers who are interested in working with a hands - on editor .
( Me , that is . )
We will then publish individual pieces in other formats : DRM - free PDFs , ebooks for devices such as Kindle and iPad , and print - on - demand paper books .
And then , if all goes well , we ’ll also publish a nicely typeset paper magazine quarterly .
Finally , we may publish book - length treatments of various subjects in serial and then publish them as books when they ’re complete .
Or all these plans might change drastically when they come into first contact with the enemy .
I plan to pay contributors for their work but at the moment all I can say about that is that I expect to pay them fairly for their contribution , based on how much money , if any , the Quarterly makes .
The basic categories of articles I ’m interested in are :
Explanations of deep technical ideas aimed at competent programmers .
Annotations and critques of interesting code .
Profiles of and Q&A interviews with interesting programmers .
“ Think pieces ” about larger issues of interest to hackers .
e.g .
Should the code behind scientific research be released and if so , why is n’t it ?
Book reviews .
Cool hacks – interesting code explained by its author .
Computer history – articles that explore how we got where we are today .
If you have any interest in writing for the Quarterly or being involved in any other capacity , feel free to email me .
Or if you just have words of encouragement , or even discouragement , I ’d love to hear those too .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
In a whopping 80 - page report from Morgan Stanley this morning , analyst Richard Berner takes on America 's problems with unemployment head on , addressing both long - term and short - term solutions that could help get people back into work .
Many points were made , but one that stuck out was the subject of " labor immobility resulting from the housing bust . "
Essentially , since people are stuck in their homes for one reason or another , it 's becoming much harder for people to find work outside of their hometown since they can't sell their house .
Morgan Stanley : America ’s workers have always been footloose .
Even in the Great Depression , they looked for work wherever it was .
Today , however , about one in four homeowners is trapped in their house because they owe more than the house is worth , so they ca n’t move to take another job — until they sell or walk away .
Unlike in the Depression , when homeownership was less prevalent , negative equity among a nation of homeowners leads to substantially lower mobility rates .
That is leading to a wave of “ strategic defaults ” in which borrowers who can otherwise afford to pay decide to walk away .
Whether through foreclosure or default , this process is undermining the economic and social fabric of communities and reducing job opportunities .
Long - term solutions : Financial and mortgage regulatory reform are essential to restore the health of housing finance .
Significantly improving financial literacy is equally important .
Short - term remedies : Local efforts to stabilize communities plagued by foreclosure are essential , but they are not enough .
It is essential to reduce debt , writing off bad loans while not destabilizing the financial system .
Modifying existing mortgages seems appealing , but policies aimed at mitigating foreclosures under the Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) have not worked because they modify mortgage payments and not the amount of debt owed ; re-default rates following modification are 50 - 60 % .
Efforts to establish a protocol for short sales and / or principal reduction should be a useful tool in avoiding costly foreclosure and strategic default .
Mercury surface taken by Mariner 10 .
Credit : NASA
( AP ) -- Mercury , the solar system 's most elusive planet , will be easier to see for the next two weeks .
Astronomers say that Mercury and Venus will appear unusually close together between now and April 10 .
Because Venus is one of the brightest objects in the night sky it can be used as a pointer to find the hard - to - see Mercury .
Just look in the lower western sky about an hour after sunset .
Find Venus and look down and to the right for Mercury .
They will appear closest together on April 3 and 4 , but Venus is really on the other side of the sun .
Mercury is the solar system 's smallest planet and it looks pink .
Miami Space Transit Planetarium director Jack Horkheimer ( HORK - hi- mur ) calls Mercury the pinkie of the planets .
Explore further Spacecraft Tandem Provide New Views of Venus
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
With refuelling banned we ’re going to see some wickedly fast pit stops in 2010 .
How fast ?
The Williams crew are already able to swap four tyres in less than three seconds .
The fastest four - tyre pit stop recorded in F1 was 3.2 seconds – so who will be first to break that record , and just how quick can they get ?
Williams media manager Claire Williams posted on Twitter that the team ’s pit stop preparations were going well :
More pit stop practice on the agenda today , the guys have made it into the sub - three second range to change a set of tyres !
The team were also practising their pit stops yesterday and driver Nico H?�?? lkenberg also had a go at changing one of the front wheels .
As pit stops this year will not be delayed by fuel rigs coming on and off the car a quick change will be decidedly entirely by how quick the mechanics are .
A moment ’s hesitation , a dropped wheel nut or a tyre that wo n’t go on properly could cost a driver a victory .
The last time F1 had refuelling - free pit stops Benetton set what is believed to be the fastest time every recorded for a tyre change in F1 – 3.2 seconds .
That was on Riccardo Patrese ’s car at the Belgian Grand Prix in 1993 .
If Williams can repeat what they did in their dress rehearsal at the race , they ’ll beat that time – but doing it under the pressure of a live race is a different matter .
All the other teams will be practising as well , of course .
Will any of them have any clever tactics to get the tyres off and on quicker than their rivals ?
The first round of pit stops at Bahrain will be fascinating to watch .
Find more F1 people on Twitter with our F1 Twitter directory .
Read more : A brief history of pit stops in F1 ( video )
Image ( C ) Williams / LAT
Hello everyoneI have seen many people making mistakes about MultiGPU technology or have difficulties understanding ; therefore , I decided to write a guide that helps you understand it better .
So , let 's start !
NVIDIA SLI is a platform that allows you to scale graphics performance by combining multiple NVIDIA graphics solutions in a single system .
From Hothardware.com : NVIDIA 's Hybrid SLI technology gives users the ability to pair an IGP , or mGPU ( motherboard GPU ) , with a discreet graphics card , or cards , for two new modes of operation .
NVIDIA calls these new modes Hybrid Power and GeForce Boost .
GeForce
Boost does what its name suggests .
By coupling the motherboard 's integrated GPU with a discreet graphics card , the 3D rendering workload is shared between the two GPUs for a boost in performance .
Currently , GeForce Boost is only supported by GeForce 8400 GS and 8500 GT discreet cards , as for the IGP , only the next - gen nForce 700a series of chipsets due to arrive this quarter will be supported initially .
CrossFire is a high - performance PC Gaming Platform technology that enables multiple ATI Radeon graphics cards and a Cross Fire - ready motherboard in a single computer to increase graphics quality and performance .
From Techreport.com : CrossFireX is , quite simply , an extension of the Cross Fire dual - GPU feature to three and four GPUs .
Here 's the chart from AMD 's website regarding which cards can you use in crossfire , motherboard support and more .
3XXX to 5xxx Family5XXX to 7XXX FamilyR7 and R9 Family ( Thanks for the link damric ) Hybrid CrossFire allows integrated graphics and low - end discrete graphics to be used in Cross Fire mode .
Overall , both Hybrid CrossFire and Hybrid SLI are mainly for power savings and are n't a good solution for gaming and 3D performance ( overall ) .
Well , in general , the answer is NO ; however , there are some methods ( like driver hacks ) that allows you to do this .
Caution : There is no guarantee that this driver hacks work , so do it at your own risk !
With the release of Core " i " CPUs , Intel announced chipsets ( P55,X58 , Z68,etc. ) that allow users to use CrossFire and SLI on the same motherbard .
( However , still some of them only support either SLI or Cross Fire ) But the newer chipsets like Z77,X79 etc. usually support both SLI and CrossFire .
And it 's safe the say the future models will be the same ; supporting both SLI and CrossFire .
For " Most " Nvidia cards the answer is yes , but there are some exceptions too , such as pairing a GTS 250 with a 9800GTX + , which can only be done if both cards have the same amount of memory .
( It 's possible because GTS 250 is actually a re-badged 9800GTX + ) But again there are some cards like 9800GT and 8800GT which have the same specifications but in general you can't pair them in SLI .
( Some users have reported that by flashing a 8800 GT 's BIOS to a 9800 GT 's BIOS , you can do it , but its risky and not recommended . )
But for AMD / ATI cards , It 's different .
For older models like X1900 cards , you have to use the same / master card in order to run them in Cross Fire mode .
But for HD 2xxx cards and up , there are no master cards so you simply can use 2 ( or more ) ( same ) cards in Crossfire .
So the general answer is yes , with some exceptions .
So it 's recommended to use the same cards for best results .
You can find more information regarding matching cards in SLI / Crossfire at the end of this guide .
For Nvidia cards , the general answer is no .
" Another misconception is that the GeForce 7800 GTX ( 256MB ) graphics cards and the GeForce 78000 GTX 512 graphics cards can be paired together .
Since these graphics cards use different GPUs , they unfortunately CAN'T be paired together .
Always refer the Learn More or Build sections of SLIZone .
" So , you generally can't pair a 7800 GTX 256 with 7800 GTX 512 or GTX 460 768MB with its 1GB version unless you use some 3rd party applications ( which is n't recommended ) .
However , if you manage to run these cards in SLI , then the model , with higher amount of RAM , will reduce it 's RAM to match the other card .
For ATI cards , it 's different .
As an example , you can Crossfire HD 5870 2GB with it 's 1GB version ( but again the 2GB version lowers it 's memory to 1GB ) So , generally , , it 's recommended to use 2 ( or more than 2 ) identical cards with the same amount of memory .
Brands do n't matter , as long as they 're the same card with the same memory / speeds .
For ATI cards ; One of the cards will raise / lower its clock speeds to reach the other card 's speeds .
For Nvidia cards ; Well it " was " like ATI with older drivers , but with new drivers its quite different .
If you use 2 ( or more ) Nvidia cards with different clock speeds in SLI mode , none of them will change their clocks and they will perform at their default clock speed .
Again , that 's why I usually recommend using the same cards in multiGPU modes .
It 's been frequently asked whether to use 1 or 2 SLI / Crossfire bridges .
The answer is that it will work with 1 bridge without any problems but I recommend using both bridges because :
1_You will never lose either of these bridges .
2_Some users have reported a minimal ( not noticeable ) performance increase .
3_With the release of the 10XX series from Nvidia both bridges can have a noticeable gain in performance .
Nvidia now has what they call an HB SLI Bridge that uses both sets of contacts the card .
Not always .
There are some games that do n't benefit from either SLI or Cross Fire or require a patch in order to fully utilize both cards .
For example , Flight simulator X does n't benefit from either SLI or Cross Fire ; on the other hand , Battle Field 4 benefits from this technologies .
It depends on the game to be honest .
This link has some great comparisons between single and multiGPU configurations in numerous gamesFor Crossfire and SLI certified boards , please check the motherboard makers website .
It is a selling feature and will be listed .
SLI certified motherboards : AMD recommended Motherboards :
No , your computer 's RAM is n't at all related to the cards you are using , just make sure it 's compatible with the motherboard and CPU .
For every configuration , the power requirement is different .
Nvidia cards : AMD / ATI cards : There are some compatible models that are n't listed so always check with the manufacturers website at first .
It all comes down to 2 factors : 1) The games that you play2 ) The resolutions that you play at As mentioned , there are some games that do n't benefit from either SLI or Crossfire ; also both SLI / Crossfire really shine when you play " at least on " 1080 p , even on this resolution , a single powerful card can handle everything fine .
It really depends on you .
I " personally " prefer a single high - end card rather than 2 mid-range cards because usually , the single card produces less heat and has less power consumption but it may cost more too .
So it all comes down to personal preference and budget .
No .
Adding another card with more memory does n't double the overall memory of your cards .
It again comes to personal preference and the games that you play .
There are some specific games that scale better under SLI and vice - versa .
For 2 - way SLI , motherboards either support CrossFire at dual x16 , dual x8 or x16x4 speeds .
The first will give you the best performance .
Dual x8 is also good and performs on par with dual x16 in most games .
But x16x4 is kinda different .
On PCI - E 1.0 boards / cards , there is a huge difference between x16x4 and dual x16 ( and 8 x ) .
On PCI - E 2.0/3,0 boards / cards ; however , the performance gap is n't as high .
( The performance is notable in some games though , especially on high resolutions ) Generally , recommend dual x16 or dual x8 for MultiGPU setups .
Here is a good article which compares Cross Fire performance between dual x16 , dual x8 and x16x4 List of NVIDIA and AMD / ATI MultiGPU compatible Graphic Cards : ( All of them are PCI - EXPRESS cards , AGP cards do n't support any kind of multiGPU setups ) NVIDIA cards ( Desktop models ) Geforce TITAN Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX TITAN XpNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX TITAN X PascalNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX TITAN XNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX TITAN ZNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX TITAN BLACKNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX TITANGeforce RTX 20 - NVLink ( SLI - Ready ) NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080tiGeforce GTX 10 Family : NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080tiNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 Geforce GTX 900 Family : NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980tiNVIDIA GeForce GTX 980NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960 Geforce GTX 700 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 780TiNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 780NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 770NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 760 Geforce GTX 600 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 680NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 670NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 660NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 660tiNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 650ti BOOST ( must be the boost model , normal 650/650ti's are NOT SLI ready ) Geforce GTX 500 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 590 ( 1 PCB *) NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 580NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 570NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 560TiNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 560NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 550TiNVIDIA GeForce GT 545 DDR3 Geforce 400 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 480NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 470NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 465NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 460NVIDIA GEFORCE GTS 450 Geforce 200 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 295NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 285NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 280NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 275NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 260 Core 216 ( You can pair it with the Core 192 version .
)
NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 260 Core 192NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 250 ( You can pair it with 9800GTX + in SLI configuration , however make sure that both cards have the same amount of memory ) Geforce 100 Family : GeForce GTS 150GeForce GT 130GeForce GT 120 Geforce 9 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE 9800GX2 ( 2 PCB's ) NVIDIA GEFORCE 9800GTX +( You can pair it with a Nvidia 9800GTX in SLI configuration , but it 's recommended to use the 9800GTX + card in the first PCI - E 16 x slot .
)
NVIDIA GEFORCE 9800GTXNVIDIA
GEFORCE 9800GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 9600GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 9600GSONVIDIA
GEFORCE 9500GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 9400 GTGeforce 8 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE 8800ULTRANVIDIA
GEFORCE 8800GTXNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8800GTS 512NVIDIA GEFORCE 8800 GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8800GTS 640NVIDIA GEFORCE 8800GTS 320NVIDIA GEFORCE 8800 GSNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8600 GTSNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8600GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8500GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8400 GSGeforce 7 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE 7950GX2 ( 2 PCB's ) NVIDIA GEFORCE 7900GTXNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7950GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7900GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7900GSNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7800GTX 512NVIDI
A GEFORCE 7800GTX 256NVIDIA GEFORCE 7800 GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7600GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7600GSNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7300GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7300GSNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7300LEGeforce 6 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE 6800ULTRANVIDIA
GEFORCE 6800 GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 6800 GSNVIDIA
GEFORCE 6800NVIDIA
GEFORCE 6800LENVIDIA
GEFORCE 6600GTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 6600NVIDIA
GEFORCE 6600LENVIDIA
cards ( Notebook models ) Geforce 900M Family : GeForce GTX 980MGeForce GTX 970MGeForce GTX 965 MGeforce 800M Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 880MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 870MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 860 MGeforce 700M Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 780MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 770MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 765MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 760MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 750MGeforce 600M and MX Family : GeForce GTX 680MXGeForce GTX 660MGeForce GTX 670MXGeForce GTX 675MXGeForce GTX 670MGeForce GTX 675 MGeforce 500M Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 580MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 570MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 560 MGeforce 400M Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 485MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 480MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 470MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 460 MGeforce 200M
Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 280MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 260 MGeforce 100 M series : NVIDIA GEFORCE GTS 160MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTS 150MNVIDIA GEFORCE GTS 130 MGeforce 9 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE 9800MGTXNVIDIA
GEFORCE 9800MGTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 9800MGTSGeforce 8 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE 8800MGTXNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8700MGTNVIDIA
GEFORCE 8600MGTGeforce 7 Family : NVIDIA GEFORCE 7950GTXNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7900GTXNVIDIA
GEFORCE 7800GTXAMD
cards ( Desktop models ) AMD Radeon RX Family : AMD RX 580AMD RX 570AMD RX 560AMD RX 540 ( OEM ) AMD RX 480AMD RX 470AMD RX 460AMD Radeon R9 Family : AMD R9 295X2AMD R9 290XAMD R9 290AMD R9 280XAMD R9 280AMD R9 270XAMD R9 270AMD Radeon R7 Family : AMD R7 265AMD R7 260XAMD R7 260AMD R7 250XAMD R7 250AMD R7 240AMD HD 7xxx Family : AMD HD 7970 AMDI HD 7950AMD HD 7870AMD HD 7850AMD HD 7770AMD HD 7750AMD HD 6xxx Family : AMD HD 6990 ( 1 PCB ) AMD HD 6970AMD HD 6950AMD HD 6870 AMD HD 6850AMD HD 6670AMD HD 6570AMD HD 5xxx Family : AMD HD 5970AMD HD 5870 Eyefinity 6 edition ( Can be used in CrossFire with the non-Eyefinity 6 version ) AMD HD 5870AMD HD 5850AMD HD 5830AMD HD 5770AMD HD 5750AMD HD 5670AMD HD 5570AMD HD 5550AMD HD 5450AMD HD 4xxx Family : AMD HD 4890AMD HD 4870X2 ( 1 PCB ) AMD HD 4870 AMD HD 4850AMD HD 4830AMD HD 4770AMD HD 4750AMD HD 4670AMD HD 4650AMD HD 4550AMD HD 4350AMDHD 3xxx Family : AMD HD 3870X2 ( Read the extra information about HD 5970 , its the same for HD 3870X2 ) AMD HD3870AMD HD 3850AMD HD 3830AMD HD 3650AMD HD 3470 AMD HD 3450AMD HD 2xxx Family : AMD HD 2900XTAMD HD 2900 PROAMD HD 2900GTAMD HD 2600XTAMD HD 2600 PROAMD HD 2400XTAMD HD 2400 PROAMD X19xx Family : AMD X1950XTXAMD X1950 PROAMD X1900XTXAMD X1900XTAMD X1900GT ( Unlike X1900XT and 1900XTX which require a Master card to run in Cross Fire , this card can be paired with another X1900GT card ) AMD X1xxx Family : AMD X1800XTAMD X1800GTOAMD X1800XLAMD X1650 PROAMD X1650XTAMD X1600XTAMD X1600 PROAMD X1550AMD X1300XTAMD X1300 PROAMD X1300AMD X850 Family : AMD X850XT - PEAMD X850XTAMD X850 PROAMD Cards ( Notebook models ) .
Out of date .
AMD HD 6xxx Family : AMD HD 6970MAMD HD 5xx Family : AMD HD 5870MAMD HD 4xxx Family : AMD HD 4870 MAMD HD 3xxx Family : AMD HD 3870 M * PCB stands for Printed Circuit Board , its the hard " plastic - like " colored part in a graphics card / motherboard .
So , I hope reading this guide helps you understand MultiGPU technology better .
I 've kept this topic opened so that you can ask your questions and post your suggestions about the it .
Special thanks to emp,4745454b , alias_the_ ?jester and MouseMonkey and NukeMaster for helping making this guide .
Trans Student Suspended from Same School in Mississippi That Canceled Prom , Later Hounded Out of Town
Originally posted late in the day yesterday .
Reposting .
Constance McMillen was n't the first student at Itawamba Agricultural High School to contact the ACLU this year .
Juin Baize
Juin Baize was a student at Itawamba Agricultural — for a grand total of four hours .
Baize , his mother , and his two sisters moved to Fulton , Mississippi , from New Harmony , Indiana , to live with Baize 's grandmother at the beginning of the year .
( For now Baize says he prefers to use male pronouns . )
Baize , age sixteen , enrolled at Itwamba Agricultural High School , where Constance McMillen was also a student .
McMilllen clearly recalled Baize 's first — and only — day at Itawamba Agricultural .
" People were talking about him all day , trying to get a look at him , " said McMillen .
" It was insane , it was ridiculous , it made me so mad .
They said he was causing a distraction with what he was wearing but it was a half day of school and people did n’t have time to get used to him . "
The other students would n't be given a chance to get used to him : the next time Baize came to school , according Kristy Bennett , legal director of the ACLU of Mississippi , Baize was given a suspension notice and sent home .
When Juin returned to school after his first suspension , he was suspended again .
“ Juin ’s case was a situation where a transgender student wanted to attend school dressed in feminine clothing , " said Bennett , " and the school district would not even let him attend school . "
The reasons for a student 's suspension are supposed to be noted on the suspension form , according to Bennett , but that part of Baize 's suspension notice was left blank .
So the ACLU sent a letter to the school on Baize 's behalf asking the school administration for the reasoning behind his suspension — information the ACLU would need in order to challenge Baize 's suspension in court .
" But the school would not talk to us about the situation , " said Bennett .
Baize 's suspension was written about in the local paper in February — which prompted Baize 's grandmother to order her daughter and her three grandchildren to move out of her house .
I spoke with Baize 's mother , Beverly Bertsinger , last week .
At the time she and her three children were staying in the home of a friend - of - a- friend .
“ If I had the money , I would move the kids somewhere else , somewhere they would be safe , ” Bertsinger told me .
“ I wish we could move somewhere for my son , somewhere a transgender teenager would be safe .
I worry about him constantly .
Everywhere he goes he goes with me . ”
Baize 's appearance and the fact that he , unlike Constance McMillen , was perceived as a trouble - making outsider made living in Fulton increasingly impossible .
Beverly Baize could n't find work because , she believes , Fulton is a small town and people disapproved of her son .
Juin was harassed when he left the house , according to Beverly Baize , so she stopped letting him go out alone and then stopped letting him go out at all .
“ I ’m so afraid for him , ” Bertsinger told me last week .
“ I support him .
I buy him the clothing to wear as a female .
I just want him to be safe . ”
Things reached a crisis stage over the weekend when the friends - of - friends who had been putting up Bertsinger and her three children told her that Juin would have to leave .
Bertsinger called some old friends who live in Pensacola , Florida , and asked if they would take Juin in .
Her friends drove to Fulton the same night to pick Juin up .
Bertsinger is granting temporary guardianship of her son to her friends until , she says , she can find a job and save enough money to move to Florida with her other two children .
The ACLU wo n't be pursuing Juin 's case .
“ Juin not being in Fulton makes it difficult for us to pursue any kind of legal action here , ” says Bennett .
" And personally , I feel it may be a better decision for Juin to relocate and move on with his life . ”
Juin Baize agrees .
“ There ’s this thing here called Florida Virtual School , ” Juin told me today , “ and I ’m going to enroll in that online and do that until next year .
And from what I ’ve heard the high school near here is very accepting .
So I ’m going to start fresh . "
“ I ’m in a much better place now . "
UPDATE : Folks are emailing me to ask if there 's any way to help Juin out — and there is .
Make a donation to help get Juin settled in Pensacola and help his mom and sisters move to Florida .
I 've checked into Juin 's situation and I 'm confident that — although his life has been chaotic — any monies donated will be spent appropriately .
[ Note : We are no longer collecting donations .
Thanks to everyone who pitched in ! ]
In '08 Sloggers helped raised more than $ 5,000 to pay for the funeral of Duanna Johnson , a transwoman and a victim of police brutality who was murdered in Memphis , Tennessee .
According to Johnson 's family , half of the money raised for Johnson 's funeral came from donors in Seattle after a call for donations appeared on Slog .
Let 's see what we can raise for a trans kid who 's still alive , shall we ?
( Oh , and folks who want me to apologize for this : Okay , I will — after we raise at least 2 K for Juin and his family .
Otherwise , meh , I 'll just keep hating on trans people like the raging anti-trans beegoat that I am . )
Sorry , we are currently offline
Leave a message
Please fill out the form to help us get you to the right sales agent within 24 hours .
First name Work email Last name Company name Phone number Company Size Just me 2 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 249 250 - 999 1000 + Company Size
How can we help you ?
44
Oops !
Page not found
We are sorry , but the page you are looking for does not exist .
I 'm a contributor to I'm Matthew Rowley .
I wrote the book on moonshine .
No , for real I 'm a contributor to
San Francisco Chronicle
24 Secret Restaurant Menus Revealed
Mention " secret menus " and many people think of hidden functions on Blackberries or Xbox games .
Actually , secret menus refers to items you can special order at restaurants that are n't mentioned on standard menus .
Some places , like Chipotle Mexican Grills , have a whole secret menu that 's limited only by your imagination .
On the other hand , In - N - Out Burger 's secret menu " is so unsecret it 's posted on their Web site .
Kind of takes the cool factor out of having the inside scoop , does n't it ?
If you 're looking to impress a date or just like that feeling of " knowing the chef , " here are 24 restaurants that offer secret menus .
Remember , not all may participate in the hidden menu .
However , if you try to order something and the server looks at you with a blank look , do n't give up .
Describe the dish and usually they 'll make it for you anyway .
Just keep it under your hat .
1. Arbys
Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwich -
This spin on the cordon bleu is a chicken breast with a piece of ham on top of it with melted Swiss cheese .
- This spin on the cordon bleu is a chicken breast with a piece of ham on top of it with melted Swiss cheese .
Wet Fries -
Hot fries smothered in cheese sauce .
- Hot fries smothered in cheese sauce .
French Dip –
This is a classic
Arby ’s menu item that is off most menu ’s but can still be ordered .
Left to Right : French Dip , Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwich .
2. Blimpie
Cheese Trio -
This sandwich is a no meat alternative to the normal Blimpie sandwiches , and combines three different types of cheese .
3. Burger King
Mustard Whopper -
This is a normal Whopper with one difference , mustard is spread onto the sandwich instead of mayo .
- This is a normal Whopper with one difference , mustard is spread onto the sandwich instead of mayo .
Veggie Whopper -
A great alternative for vegetarians who love the flavor of Burger King , the beef is substituted for with a veggie patty .
- A great alternative for vegetarians who love the flavor of Burger King , the beef is substituted for with a veggie patty .
BLT - A bacon , lettuce , and tomato sandwich that comes in either a small or medium size .
- A bacon , lettuce , and tomato sandwich that comes in either a small or medium size .
Ham and Cheese - A classic sandwich option that you can have served either hot or cold .
- A classic sandwich option that you can have served either hot or cold .
Frings -
An order of frings will split your French fry order with onion rings .
- An order of frings will split your French fry order with onion rings .
Suicide Burger -
This is a large burger including four meat patties , four slices of cheese , bacon and special sauce .
- This is a large burger including four meat patties , four slices of cheese , bacon and special sauce .
Rodeo Burger - A burger assembled with onion rings and bbq sauce on it .
- A burger assembled with onion rings and bbq sauce on it .
BK Club -
This sandwich is the Original chicken sandwich with bacon , tomato , and cheese .
Left to Right : Rodeo Burger , Suicide Burger .
4. Chick - fil-a
Fried Club -
This is their normal club sandwich with the fried chicken substituted for the grilled chicken .
5. Chili’s
Chili –
This food is the name sake of the company , so even though it has been off the menu for many years they will still make you a bowl of chili if you request it .
6. Chipotle
Chipolte will make you any combination of ingredients they have available to them .
Listed below are some of the favorites .
Nachos -
Made with tortilla chips , your choice of salsa and meat , beans , and topped with a layer of cheese .
- Made with tortilla chips , your choice of salsa and meat , beans , and topped with a layer of cheese .
Quesadilla -
These come in two sizes , the children ’s size which is made with two soft taco shells layered with your choice of fillings , or the full size which is a normal burrito tortilla folded in half with your choice of fillings .
You can get a side of salsa or sour cream for no additional charge with these .
- These come in two sizes , the children ’s size which is made with two soft taco shells layered with your choice of fillings , or the full size which is a normal burrito tortilla folded in half with your choice of fillings .
You can get a side of salsa or sour cream for no additional charge with these .
Quesorito – A quesadilla with any of the fillings used in a burrito , rolled together and baked in the tortilla warmer .
This is a crispier version of a quesadilla .
7. Dairy Queen
Chocolate Chip Blizzard -
This blizzard sounds like your basic chocolate chip ice cream , but its not .
It is made with quick to harden chocolate usually used on the dipping cones .
- This blizzard sounds like your basic chocolate chip ice cream , but its not .
It is made with quick to harden chocolate usually used on the dipping cones .
Banana Split Blizzard -
All your basic banana split flavors blended together into a blizzard .
- All your basic banana split flavors blended together into a blizzard .
Jack and Jill Sundae - A classic sundae with marshmallow and hot fudge .
- A classic sundae with marshmallow and hot fudge .
Lavender Blue Sundae -
This is a blueberry sundae with marshmallow .
- This is a blueberry sundae with marshmallow .
Frozen Hot Chocolate -
In some places this is still on the menu seasonally , but basically it is hot chocolate blended with ice to give it a frozen crunch .
- In some places this is still on the menu seasonally , but basically it is hot chocolate blended with ice to give it a frozen crunch .
Peanut Buster Parfait -
This is a multi level sundae combining fudge , vanilla soft serve , and peanuts .
Peanut Buster Parfait
8. Dunkin' Dounuts
Turbo Hot Coffee -
An extra shot of expresso in your coffee .
9. Fat Burger
Hypocrite - A veggie burger topped with bacon .
Hypocrite Burger
10 . In–N–Out Burger
Famous for its not - so - secret menu , all In - N - Out Burger employees should be aware of these options .
Double Meat –
Two beef patties , lettuce , tomato , spread , and bun .
You can always order onions either grilled or sliced .
– Two beef patties , lettuce , tomato , spread , and bun .
You can always order onions either grilled or sliced .
3 by Meat –
Three beef patties , any veggies and sauce you desire with no cheese .
– Three beef patties , any veggies and sauce you desire with no cheese .
3 x 3 – Three beef patties , three slices of cheese , veggies and bun .
– Three beef patties , three slices of cheese , veggies and bun .
2 x 4 – For those who love cheese this is a great option , two meat patties with four slices of cheese .
– For those who love cheese this is a great option , two meat patties with four slices of cheese .
4 x 4 – Four beef patties , four slices of cheese , veggies , and a bun .
A cure for anyone ’s hunger
– Four beef patties , four slices of cheese , veggies , and a bun .
A cure for anyone ’s hunger Grilled Cheese – 2 Slices of cheese melted with lettuce and tomato and a bun .
– 2 Slices of cheese melted with lettuce and tomato and a bun .
Protein Style – A low carb alternative to any burger wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun
– A low carb alternative to any burger wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun Animal Style – A beef patty smothered in mustard before its cooked , with lettuce tomato , pickle , extra spread , and grilled onions .
– A beef patty smothered in mustard before its cooked , with lettuce tomato , pickle , extra spread , and grilled onions .
Animal Style Fries – Cheese , spread , grilled onions , and pickles piled high on top of fries .
– Cheese , spread , grilled onions , and pickles piled high on top of fries .
Flying Dutchman –
Two meat patties and two slices of cheese , with nothing else not even a bun .
– Two meat patties and two slices of cheese , with nothing else not even a bun .
Fries Well Done – Fries cooked extra crispy , almost like potato chips .
– Fries cooked extra crispy , almost like potato chips .
Fries Light – Fries cooked less , they will be more tender and oily .
– Fries cooked less , they will be more tender and oily .
Neapolitan Shake – Chocolate , vanilla , and strawberry ice cream blended together into one shake .
– Chocolate , vanilla , and strawberry ice cream blended together into one shake .
Extra Toast – Buns that have been left on the grill longer until they are extra crispy .
– Buns that have been left on the grill longer until they are extra crispy .
Veggie Burger / Wish Burger –
This burger has no meat or cheese , but lots of grilled onions lettuce and sauce along with double tomatoes .
– This burger has no meat or cheese , but lots of grilled onions lettuce and sauce along with double tomatoes .
Cheese Fries – Fries with a layer of cheese melted on top .
– Fries with a layer of cheese melted on top .
Untoasted –
Any burger with a bun that has not been toasted .
– Any burger with a bun that has not been toasted .
Mustard Grilled Patty – A burger with mustard spread on it before grilling .
– A burger with mustard spread on it before grilling .
Chopped Chilies – Diced jalapenos can be added to any burger .
– Diced jalapenos can be added to any burger .
Large & Extra Large Shakes –
Although they are not on the menu they are available upon request .
– Although they are not on the menu they are available upon request .
100 x 100 Burger – Although they are not on the menu they are available upon request .
Left to Right , Top to Bottom : Animal Style Fries , 4x4 Burger , Neopolitan Shake , 100x100 Burger , Flying Dutchman .
11 . Jamba Juice
Since Jamba Juice keeps the ingredients that create their hidden menu drinks under wraps all we have for you are the titles .
Pink Starburst
Raspberry Dreamin’
Pineapple Dreamin’
Bluetopia
Sourpatch Kid
Now and Later
Peanut Butter and Jelly
Apple Pie
Fruity Pebbles
Strawberry Shortcake
Red Gummy Bear
White Gummy Bear
Chocolate Gummy Bear
Push Pop
Skittles
Raspberry Dreamin'
12 . KFC/ A&W
Poutine -
This is a Canadian favorite that includes French fries , fried cheese curds , and gravy layered together .
13 . Little Caesers
Stuffed Crust Pizza -
If you ask for it they will make you a pizza with the cheese stuff crust made famous by Pizza Hut .
14 . Long John Silvers
Side of Crumbs -
This is a ( Free ! ) box of fried batter parts that have fallen off the fried fish or chicken .
Great to put on top of salads .
15 . McDonalds
Biscuits and Gravy -
This one may only be available in the South – but it ’s the classic combination of gravy smothering hot biscuits .
- This one may only be available in the South – but it ’s the classic combination of gravy smothering hot biscuits .
McKinley Mac – A big Mac with quarter pounder patties .
– A big Mac with quarter pounder patties .
Grilled Cheese - A bun grilled with American cheese inside .
- A bun grilled with American cheese inside .
Big Mac with Quarter Pounder Patties -
This is great if you are looking to decrease the cost and calories of the classic Big Mac Sandwich .
You get the entire flavor with less meat .
- This is great if you are looking to decrease the cost and calories of the classic Big Mac Sandwich .
You get the entire flavor with less meat .
All American -
This is a normal sized hamburger with only pickles and ketchup .
- This is a normal sized hamburger with only pickles and ketchup .
Big McChicken -
This is a huge sandwich in which the chicken patties replace the bun .
- This is a huge sandwich in which the chicken patties replace the bun .
Fries with Big Mac Sauce - Fries smothered in the secret and special big Mac Sauce .
- Fries smothered in the secret and special big Mac Sauce .
Chicken and Waffles -
This is a McGriddle sandwich with chicken in the middle .
- This is a McGriddle sandwich with chicken in the middle .
Neopolitan Milk Shake - 1/3 vanilla , chocolate , and strawberry ice creams blended together into one shake .
- 1/3 vanilla , chocolate , and strawberry ice creams blended together into one shake .
McLeprichon -
This shake is only available in March and is composed of the shamrock shake mixed with the chocolate shake making a mint chocolate shake .
- This shake is only available in March and is composed of the shamrock shake mixed with the chocolate shake making a mint chocolate shake .
Pie McFlurry -
If you purchase a pie you can have it blended into your McFlurry .
- If you purchase a pie you can have it blended into your McFlurry .
McGangBang -
This is a double cheeseburger with a chicken patty in between the two beef patties .
- This is a double cheeseburger with a chicken patty in between the two beef patties .
Land , Sea , and Air Burger - The Land , Sea , and Air burger , has a beef patty , chicken patty , and fillet - o- fish patty all piled high onto a bun .
- The Land , Sea , and Air burger , has a beef patty , chicken patty , and fillet - o- fish patty all piled high onto a bun .
Root Beer Float -
You can pick any size of root beer and they will add the vanilla ice cream on top .
- You can pick any size of root beer and they will add the vanilla ice cream on top .
Coke Float -
Any size of coke with ice cream .
You can even get it with chocolate ice cream .
- Any size of coke with ice cream .
You can even get it with chocolate ice cream .
Monster Mac - A big Mac composed of 8 meat patties .
- A big Mac composed of 8 meat patties .
2 Cheese Burger Meal Mac -
Two cheese burgers , fries and a drink .
Left to Right : Monster Mac , Grilled Cheese , McGangBang .
16 . Popeyes
Naked – Any Popeyes sandwich you can order “ naked ” , meaning their will be no breading on the meat .
17 . Potbelly ’s Secret Menu
Cheeseburger –
This is a meatball sandwich with ketchup replacing the marinara and the addition of mustard , cheese , and pickles .
– This is a meatball sandwich with ketchup replacing the marinara and the addition of mustard , cheese , and pickles .
Fireball – A meatball sandwich with chili on top .
– A meatball sandwich with chili on top .
Wrecking ball – A combination of both the meatball sandwich and the wreck sandwich .
18 . Sonic
Frito Pie -
This is a southern favorite with layers of chili and fritos .
- This is a southern favorite with layers of chili and fritos .
Grilled Ham and Cheese -
This is your basic warm gooey ham and cheese sandwich .
Frito Pie
19 . Starbucks –
With the large variety of different Starbucks franchises it is important to know what ’s in any hidden menu drink you order .
Many should know these options however , since they are not all the same just remember the ingredients in case they do not know and they will be happy to make the drink for you .
Biscotti Frapuccino -
This is a typical frapuccino but it has a biscotti blended inside .
You will have to purchase the biscotti separate when you are checking out , but you can have it in any flavor frap .
- This is a typical frapuccino but it has a biscotti blended inside .
You will have to purchase the biscotti separate when you are checking out , but you can have it in any flavor frap .
Short Drink -
This is a less expensive version of any Starbucks drink .
It is smaller than a tall with a lower price .
- This is a less expensive version of any Starbucks drink .
It is smaller than a tall with a lower price .
Red Eye -
This is a shot of espresso in regular drip coffee .
- This is a shot of espresso in regular drip coffee .
Black Eye -
This drink has 2 shots of espresso in regular drip coffee .
- This drink has 2 shots of espresso in regular drip coffee .
Green Eye -
This drink includes 3 shots of espresso in regular drip coffee .
- This drink includes 3 shots of espresso in regular drip coffee .
Poor Mans Latte -
We recommend you do not tell your Barista you are planning on creating this drink when you order .
Order an iced Americano with no water and half ice , then use the free milk on the side to mix it up to your standards .
- We recommend you do not tell your Barista you are planning on creating this drink when you order .
Order an iced Americano with no water and half ice , then use the free milk on the side to mix it up to your standards .
Poor Mans Chai Latte -
Same recommendation as above applies here .
Order a Chai Tea Misto with extra foam , two tea bags , and half cinnamon and half vanilla syrup .
- Same recommendation as above applies here .
Order a Chai Tea Misto with extra foam , two tea bags , and half cinnamon and half vanilla syrup .
French Pressed Coffee -
If you want coffee served fresh from a French press you may have it with any variety in the shop .
- If you want coffee served fresh from a French press you may have it with any variety in the shop .
Chocolate Cream Frapuccino -
This is a frapuccino made with chocolate syrup and chocolate frapuccino base .
- This is a frapuccino made with chocolate syrup and chocolate frapuccino base .
Cake Batter Frap -
Order a vanilla frappucino and ask for both the vanilla bean and almond flavorings .
It will taste just like cake batter .
- Order a vanilla frappucino and ask for both the vanilla bean and almond flavorings .
It will taste just like cake batter .
Crunchberry Frap -
Flavored like the crunchberry cereal , this is a strawberrys and cream frappucino with hazelnut flavoring .
- Flavored like the crunchberry cereal , this is a strawberrys and cream frappucino with hazelnut flavoring .
Strawberry Blended Lemonade -
Although this had been taken off the menu , most locations will still blend the strawberry flavoring with lemonade for you .
- Although this had been taken off the menu , most locations will still blend the strawberry flavoring with lemonade for you .
London Fog -
This is made with vanilla flavoring in Earl Gray Tea .
- This is made with vanilla flavoring in Earl Gray Tea .
Zebra Mocha ( also called a Tuxedo or Penguin Mocha ) -
This is a mix of the white chocolate and regular chocolate mochas .
( also called a Tuxedo or Penguin Mocha ) -
This is a mix of the white chocolate and regular chocolate mochas .
Red Tux Mocha ( also called Bleeding Penguin ) -
The same mix of white chocolate and regular chocolate mocha with raspberry flavoring .
Left to Right : Chocolate Cream Frapuccino , Strawberry Blended Lemonade , Short Drink .
20 . Subway
Pizza Sub –
This sub was taken of the menu in most locations when Subway began marketing itself as healthy alternative to fast food .
However , upon request you can get the Pizza Sub which combines cheese , tomato sauce , and pepperoni .
Pizza Sub
21 . Taco Bell
Cheesy Gordita Crunch –
This is a seasonal favorite for many , however it can be ordered year round .
– This is a seasonal favorite for many , however it can be ordered year round .
Green Sauce – Although this sauce is still available in most South West locations , if you request it at your local restaurant usually they will have it on hand .
– Although this sauce is still available in most South West locations , if you request it at your local restaurant usually they will have it on hand .
Double Grilled Quesadilla –
An extra crispy quesadilla .
– An extra crispy quesadilla .
Chili Cheese Burrito – A burrito filled with chili and cheese instead of the usual mixes .
– A burrito filled with chili and cheese instead of the usual mixes .
Enchirito –
This is a enchilada of beef , beans , cheese , diced onions , and red sauce .
Cheesy Gordita Crunch
22 . Taco John’s
Ranch Burrito -
We ’re not certain what exactly is in the ranch burrito , however it appears to have either a beef or chicken option .
23 . Wendy’s
Grand Slam -
This burger has a total of four meat patties .
- This burger has a total of four meat patties .
Big Bacon Classic -
This is your classic burger with bacon .
- This is your classic burger with bacon .
Value Crispy Chicken Club – A reduced price Crispy Chicken sandwich with bacon , lettuce , tomato , and mayo .
– A reduced price Crispy Chicken sandwich with bacon , lettuce , tomato , and mayo .
Jr. Cheeseburger Deluxe –
This value sized burger includes lettuce , tomato , onions , pickles , and ketchup .
– This value sized burger includes lettuce , tomato , onions , pickles , and ketchup .
Barnyard – A spicy chicken sandwich with ham , bacon and beef separated by cheese .
Grand Slam
24 . White Castle
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 has an easy job on the PC : it just has to suck less than Modern Warfare 2 .
There have been videos released showing how the game has been optimized for the PC , there is a server browser , the graphical and sound settings can be tweaked and adjusted , and dedicated servers are back !
Of course , you have to rent the dedicated servers from EA 's partners , but baby steps ... right ?
We 've played and beaten the single - player game , and there have been multiplayer servers running all weekend to give reviewers and various street date breakers the chance to play with the final code .
Considering we 've put more time into the multiplayer beta on the PC than the length of most retail games , there is a fair chance that there is something special going on here .
Let 's take a look .
Consider this a nice bonus
Title Battlefield : Bad Company 2 Developer DICE Publisher EA Price $ 49.99 Shop.ars Platform PC ( reveiewed ) , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360
The Battlefield games have always been about the multiplayer , and Bad Company 2 is no exception .
The story concerns a bunch of misfit soldiers who just want to go home , lead by a grizzled veteran who has seen it all .
Sure , these are stereotypes , but at least they 're backed up by some amusing writing .
Where Bad Company 2 gets it right is the lack of scripting .
While missions are still mostly made up of a path to get from point A to point B , the soldiers you 'll be fighting are limited in number .
They wo n't just keep re-spawning until you advance forward .
In one scene , I grounded a boat with a grenade launcher attached and destroyed most of a village before disembarking .
In another I took a sniper rifle and cleared out a large area without setting foot in it .
You can rush in if you like , but that will mostly lead to death .
Even on moderate difficulty the enemy is smart , but firefights can end different ways , especially with the destructible environments .
Your cover is a diminishing commodity
If a tank is coming and you hide in a house , a round from the tank 's main gun can smash through the wall , leaving you defenseless .
Keep pounding away at a structure and you can take the whole thing down .
Even cement blocks can be chipped away with heavy weapon fire , and that means you need to use cover when you have it , but always keep an escape route handy .
The enemy knows it can blast its way to you , and it takes advantage of that knowledge .
In one tense standoff I was pinned inside a house , fire coming from nearly every angle .
My solution ?
I threw a grenade behind me , blew a hole through the wall , and exited , flanking my adversaries .
The single - player game does have some issues that hold it back from being perfect , however .
The save points are few and far between , which can make death very annoying .
Do I really need to get into a jeep and drive some place for five minutes again just because I walked into some bullets ?
Dying only to find you have to replay a long vehicle sequence or the past five firefights is just bad design .
It can turn any game from a fun diversion into a tiresome slog .
Also note that some deaths feel very arbitrary .
In one scene you have to avoid mortar fire , and if you run into the open , you die .
Run into a building ?
It collapses on you .
There is no easy way to survive the first time you play this part , and it's not the only cheap death .
I 'm not even sure how I finally got past it .
I died , the game gave me another waypoint , and when I spawned I was moving to the next objective .
Go me ?
Another issue is going to be the use of smoke and particle effects .
In multiplayer it adds plenty of realism ; explosions will actually obscure your vision and give you cover .
And when you 're gunning in a tank and your driver fires the main gun , the smoke makes it hard to see to pick out targets .
It 's pretty neat .
In the single - player game , the road ahead is often obscured by smoke or even snow effects , and it can make it hard to know where to go .
In one case , a twisty road turned into something approaching guesswork .
There was an also a problem with the haze adding an odd level of brightness to some scenes , making sniping impossible .
It was a strange issue , which no amount of fidding with monitor or GPU settings would fix .
The cutscenes were also " filmed " with a very annoyingly shaky camera .
Not a big deal , but it was distracting .
Special note should be paid to the sound design of the game .
The first Bad Company featured strong sound , but Bad Company 2 sounds even better .
The guns crack , buildings explode , and you can listen closely to hear where the tanks are .
Be sure to turn on the " War Tapes " audio selection from the options ; it 's not going to be for everyone , but it certainly turns up the intensity .
Wait until you get into a shotgun fight in an enclosed space , it 's just as amazing to hear as it is to see .
You can beat the single - player game in about 8 hours or so , and it 's unlikely you 'll want to go through it again .
The story , about a very scary weapon that sounds like something out of War of the Worlds , is merely an excuse to get our soldiers into a variety of outlandish and exciting situations .
You 'll also catch the game taking some snide potshots at Modern Warfare 2 , as one scene has a character who jokes that " snowmobiles are for sissies , " and in another there 's a joke about , and excuse my language , " special - ops douchebags with pussy - ass heartbeat monitors on their guns . "
It 's a little classless , but worth a chuckle .
The single - player is perfectly serviceable , it 's a good way to learn the weapons and vehicles of the game , and it keeps a good pace until you see credits ; but there 's not much fat here .
Still , let 's be honest : the single - player game is basically bonus content .
On the PC , you 're here for one reason only : the multiplayer .
How UK Chiropractors ' Attempt To Silence One Critic Created The Backlash That May Change Chiropractics
In The UK
from the can - a - chiropractor - fix - that ?
dept
The statement , supported by just 29 citations , was ripped apart by bloggers within 24 hours of publication , before being subjected to a further shredding in the British Medical Journal .
It emerged that 10 of the papers cited had nothing to do with chiropractic treatment , and several were n't even studies .
The remainder consisted of a small collection of poor - quality trials .
More seriously , the BCA misled the public with a misrepresentation of one paper , a Cochrane review looking at the effectiveness of various treatments for bed - wetting , claiming that the authors had simply concluded that , " there was weak evidence to support the use of [ chiropractic ] .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Last year , we wrote about a really troubling incident in the UK , where the British Chiropractic Association had sued Dr. Simon Singh for noting that there was little scientific evidence to back up some of the marketing claims used by the BCA concerning what chiropractors could treat .
Rather than responding with evidence , the BCA responded with a lawsuit .
As we noted at the time , the backlash against the BCA was pretty impressive , with it calling amore attention to the questionable medical claims , as well as tremendous anger towards the BCA and chiropractors for the actions against Singh .
It was a classic Streisand Effect in action .
What was also interesting was how a group of bloggers then teamed up to do the investigative work that no full - time journalist was doing ( and who says bloggers can't do investigative journalism ? ) to debunk the BCA 's claims .
While the lawsuit continues , the loosely organized group of folks who had been fighting back against the BCA have continued to work their magic .
Brandon writes in to let us know that they 've been going one - by - one through every chiropractor who 's a member of the BCA and examining their web sites for false marketing claims -- leading to a situation where a stunning one out of every four chiropractors in the UK is under investigation for misleading marketing or advertising .
This is n't just the Streisand Effect , this is the Streisand Effect on steroids .
In trying to hush up one critic , the BCA has unleashed a large group of concerned folks who are organized ( perhaps loosely , but quite effectively ) to bring about massive change concerning the BCA and chiropractor marketing practices in general .
The article linked above also goes through more details of how this group has helped dismantle the BCA 's weak attempt at showing scientific evidence for some of those marketing claims :
One day someone will write a big case study ( or perhaps a book ) about what happened here .
An attempt to silence a critic may end up resulting in massive changes to not just the British Chiropractic Association ( the article notes that many chiropractors are horrified and want to leave the organization ) , but also how people view chiropractors and how chiropractic services are marketed .
Filed Under : backlash , chiropractors , streisand effect , truth in advertising , uk
It ’s amazing what some time , effort , elbow grease and eBay will do , but this 1976 Honda GL1000 started out as a well used Gold Wing , just the sort of bike you might find for sale at a great price .
Bikes like these turn up everywhere , the owner just gets tired of it , plans are put on hold , it gets dirty and finally goes up for sale .
Often , there ’s nothing really wrong with it that a bit of garage time ca n’t fix and that ’s exactly what happened here .
This particular bike is the current Bike of the Month ( March 2010 ) over at Naked Goldwings .
When the owner bought it , it had a gold engine and showed its age so he began thinking about what he could do with the rest of the bike .
A nice black and gold paint job to complement the engine , a new tail section and fairing , some exhaust pipes found for $ 60 on eBay and of course , lots of time and effort .
The other thing to keep in mind is no extreme re-engineering was necessary , no journeyman machining or welding skills , just methodical and persistent effort , the kind of thing many of you can do .
Now he has a comfortable and extremely good looking cruiser .
Turned out rather nice , I ’d say .
Link : Naked Goldwings
Related : Bulldog Bobber
There are usually some nice Honda GL1000s for sale .
Mossad Under Suspicion EU Demands Israeli Cooperation over Dubai Killing
Europe is outraged over the targeted killing of Hamas functionary Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai .
On Monday , members of the European Parliament threatened Israel with the discontinuation of partnership talks .
European foreign ministers likewise demanded Israel 's full cooperation .
Each weekend , Book TV features 48 hours of nonfiction books from Saturday 8 am ET to Monday 8 am ET .
We invite your comments about our web site , our television programming , and any books you want to recommend for our coverage .
You can e-mail Book TV at booktv@c-span.org or feel free to leave a phone message at 202-737-3220 .
We know that BlackBerry devices kick ass when it comes to e-mail , but let ’s be honest here , email will only get you so far .
RIM ’s marketshare is certainly nothing to laugh about , but the real question is if they ’re doing anything to ensure that current BlackBerry users do n’t bolt for the greener pastures of Apple and beyond .
The answer to that question , it would appear , is ‘ No ’.
RIM has tried to jump into the consumer smartphone market with the Storm 1 and 2 , but those devices have largely been panned by critics and caused headaches for its users .
And in an age where most smartphone users expect an easy to use multitouch UI along with an assortment of quality apps from their smartphone , RIM ’s dominance may be waning .
In a recent customer survey conducted by Crowd Science , 40 % of current BlackBerry users reported that they ’d prefer that their next smartphone be an iPhone .
Meanwhile 32 % of current BlackBerry users reportedly want an Android device to step in as their next smartphone .
Taken togther , it seems that RIM is having a helluva time with brand loyalty , with over 70 % of respondents saying they ’d prefer to jump ship altogether from RIM devices .
“ These results show that the restlessness of Blackberry users with their current brand has n’t just been driven by the allure of iPhone , ” said John Martin , CEO of Crowd Science .
“ Rather , Blackberry as a brand just is n’t garnering the loyalty seen with other mobile operating systems . ”
And in the world of tech , where nerdy slobs drool over spec sheets , brand loyalty is an often overlooked factor in a companies continued success .
Case in point – estimates for iPad pre-orders thus far are hovering in the 150,000 range , all for a product that most people have never used , let alone even seen in person .
And as for the iPhone , 92 % of surveyed iPhone owners indicated that they “ would definitely or probably ” purchase another iPhone as their next smartphone .
That ’s a statistic and a benchmark of brand loyalty that no amount of advertising dollars can buy .
via CrowdScience
TheSoftHelp brings for you Freeware Software Pack .
These apps contain all the best free download of 2009 including internet tool , Antivirus , Multimedia , Browsing , Backup tools , Drivers issues , Download Mangers , Video Converter etc
These are software useful and help your Computer for up - to - date .
This will improve your computer life and windows .
If you have any recommendation , suggestion or addition , please free to write it .
Last month , i covered 80 + Freeware Software May or May not know .
Today , I listed the most downloaded software of 2009 .
You can also add on the list and suggest us , i will add in this list .
Here is the List of Best Window Freeware Software of 2009 .
It is freeware app for opening save , print PDF documents much easier then the official Adobe Reader .
Adobe took a lot of time while opening it .
Alternative Foxit Reader is a light way app that give you easier way of viewing the PDF files .
[ Download ] NotePad ++
It is an opensource app for replacement of NotePad .
If i can say !
sometimes , peoples used NotePad ++ against the MS Word .
I will not be wrong .
Notepad ++ is trying to reduce the world carbon dioxide emissions .
When using less CPU power , the PC can throttle down and reduce power consumption , resulting in a greener environment .
Another , if you want to use an existing Open Source Office , Try OpenOffice.org [ Download ]
Internet Section
In Internet Section , FireFox is given the best browsing award and consider as more customize internet tool .
I covered a lot of add - ons and discussed the feature about Firefox .
[ Download ]
Pidgin :
If you are user of multiple Instant Messenger like yahoo , msn , gtalk , AOL , ICQ , Jabber or IRC to chat online !
Due to a lot friends !
you have to install all the messenger but Pidgin provide solution in single messenger .
It can tab your chats in single window and show all the features alone in one window .
[ download ]
Postbox
PostBox is another freeware that searches inside your email to find exactly what you ’re looking for : images , attachments , contacts , links or text .
And searches in Postbox are lighting - fast , saving you time for more important thing .
[ Download ]
Utilities 7 - Zip :
Open source Windows utility for manipulating archives .
Formats 7z , ZIP , GZIP , BZIP2 and TAR are supported fully , other formats can be unpacked .
[ Download ]
Revo Uninstaller
helps you to uninstall software and remove unwanted programs installed on your computer even if you have problems uninstalling and cannot uninstall them from “ Windows Add or Remove Programs ” control panel applet .
Revo Uninstaller is a much faster and more powerful alternative to “ Windows Add or Remove Programs ” applet !
It has very powerful features to uninstall and remove programs .
[ Download ]
µ Torrent uTorrent is the world ’s most popular BitTorrent client .
Most of the features present in other BitTorrent clients are present in µ Torrent , including bandwidth prioritization , scheduling , RSS auto - downloading .
Utorrent download any torrent files automatically with grabbed feature .
[ Download ]
TereCopy :
Do you wish to copy / move your files fast ?
TeraCopy is a freeware app that move file at the maximum possible speed , providing the user a lot of features .
Usually , moving or copying the files in hard - disk or Cd or USB takes times .
But this app will help and provide the awesome way of transferring the data .
In case of copy error .
It will resume from the same part instead of copying the data from beginning .
ImgBurn
ImgBurn is freeware app and simply interface .
You can easily write or burn your CD or DVD .
Another features includes HD DVD / Blu-ray burning application .
you can also make the music discs , data backups , video DVDs with speed .
[ Download ] VLC Freeware Multimedia Player
If i say , VLC has done the replacement of Window media Player .
You might agree with me .
VLC is most downloaded app last year as multimedia categorie .
VLC is a highly portable multimedia player and multimedia framework capable of reading most audio and video formats ( MPEG - 2 , MPEG - 4 , H.264 , DivX , MPEG - 1 , mp3 , ogg , aac ) as well as DVDs , Audio CDs VCDs , and various streaming protocols .
Another point , i need to highlight , you can also changed the Skins of VLC and make shape like window media player or else .
The Official Website has also included the list of Skins . [ Download ]
Security
AVG Free 9
it ’s include Antivirus , AntiSpyware , LinkScanner and Phishing Protection .
and some basic anti-rootkit protection .
This app keep you protecting against threats like wall .
[ Download ] ( if you are looking for more freeware Anti virus , see our category of Anti virus )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
In unusually frank comments , the top U.S. intelligence official acknowledged on Wednesday that spy agencies can target for killing Americans who are involved in terrorism .
Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair delivers a speech on " the future of the U.S. intelligence community " to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce National Security Task Force in Washington July 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Richard Clement
“ We take direct action against terrorists , in the intelligence community , ” Dennis Blair , director of national intelligence , said .
“ If ... we think that direct action will involve killing an American , we get specific permission to do that , ” he told the House ( of Representatives ) intelligence committee .
Blair did not mention where the permission came from .
The Washington Post reported last week that President Barack Obama approved a December 24 strike against a compound in Yemen where a U.S. citizen , Anwar al - Aulaqi , was believed to be meeting with regional al Qaeda leaders .
He was not the focus of the strike and was not killed , but is now on a list of targets , the newspaper said .
The American advisers in Yemen do not participate in raids but help plan missions and provide weapons , the newspaper report said .
The CIA and the U.S. military ’s Joint Special Operations Command maintains lists of individuals they seek to kill or capture , and both lists included at least three Americans , The Washington Post said .
The comment on American targets in a public setting is highly unusual from a current intelligence official and even the congressman asking the questions was caught by surprise .
In making such decisions , “ whether that American is involved in a group that is trying to attack us , whether that American is a threat to other Americans , those are the factors involved , ” Blair said .
“ We do n’t target people for free speech .
We target them for taking action that threatens Americans , ” he said .
“ I ’m actually a little bit surprised you went this far in open session , ” Republican Congressman Peter Hoekstra said .
Blair replied : “ The reason I went this far in open session is I just do n’t want other Americans who are watching to think that we are careless about endangering -- in fact we ’re not careless about endangering lives at all -- but we especially are not careless about endangering American lives as we try to carry out the policies to protect most of the country . ”
Everything you need to know about making jam from scratch and an easy first recipe to get you started
Until recently there was a misguided belief that one should only use second - rate fruit for jam making .
You can indeed make jam from less than perfect fruit , but the reality is that poor quality fruit makes poor quality jam .
The secret to making really delicious jam is to make it in small quantities from gorgeous fresh fruit .
Before rural electrification , the soft fruit season was a pretty hectic time for those who wanted to have their shelves packed with jams and preserves for the winter .
Now that fruit can be frozen at the peak of perfection , there is not such an urgency because you can make jam all year round .
However , the best jam is still made from beautiful fresh fruit in season .
If you do n't want to spend your whole summer in the kitchen , the most practical approach is to freeze fruit in perfect condition in small , measured quantities so that you can make jam as you need it throughout the year .
Jam made from frozen fruit will taste infinitely fresher and more delicious than a six - or seven - month - old jam even if it is made in peak season .
Slightly under - ripe fruit makes better jam , because it has a higher acidity .
The faster jam is made , the fresher it'll taste , so for that reason , we always warm the sugar .
In Ireland , the tradition of making and selling jam at farmers ' markets and local fetes is alive and well .
Homemade jam is much sought after .
If you decide to sell your jam , cost it properly , taking jars , covers , labels and food costs into consideration .
A formula used by many is food cost x 3 .
This would cover all the other items mentioned .
If you are producing jam for sale you must contact your local health authority and comply with their regulations .
Pectin
Pectin is a jelling substance that occurs naturally in many fruits .
It is most concentrated in pips , cores and skin .
The cell walls of under - ripe fruit contain pectose , an insoluble substance that changes into soluble pectin as the fruit ripens .
Slightly under -ripe fruits are best for jellies and jams .
Some fruits are high in pectin , while others have very little .
One can compensate for those by mixing low and high pectin fruits such as blackberry and apple .
High - pectin fruits
Crab apples , blackcurrants , gooseberries , plums , redcurrants , cooking apples , cranberries , damsons , quince , oranges , lemons and many plums .
Fruits with quite high pectin
Raspberries , loganberries , boysenberries , tayberries and apricots .
Low - pectin fruits
Blackberries , blueberries , strawberries , rhubarb , elderberries , peaches , sweet cherries , dessert apples , pears , figs and marrow .
Do I need a preserving pan ?
Great if you have one , but not essential .
Alternatively , choose a low - sided , wide stainless - steel saucepan so that the jam cooks quickly .
Avoid aluminium because the acid in the fruit will react with it and give a slightly tinny taste .
Should I use jam sugar ?
Jam sugar contains added pectin .
I do n't use it because I do n't like the solid texture of the jam that it makes .
The only exception I might make is for strawberry jam , which is difficult to set .
However , we usually use some redcurrant juice or lemon juice to bring up the acidity , but you could use a small proportion of jam sugar if you like .
The end result may be more like bought jam than handmade jam , though .
I use ordinary granulated sugar rather than caster sugar for jam making .
How to heat the sugar
Heat the sugar in a stainless - steel bowl in a moderate oven for about 15 minutes .
It should feel hot to the touch .
Be careful not to leave it in too long or the sugar will begin to melt around the edges of the bowl and will eventually caramelize .
Why heat the sugar ?
The faster jam is made , the fresher and more delicious it tastes .
If you add cold sugar to jam , it will take longer to return to the boil and will taste less fresh .
When do I add sugar ?
Citrus fruit peel , blackcurrants , and gooseberries must be thoroughly softened before sugar is added , as sugar has a hardening on the fruit .
If you add the sugar too early , no amount of boiling will soften the rind or skins .
You can vary the amount of sugar you use to taste .
For example , if the fruit is very sweet , use less sugar .
Should I skim the jam ?
Do n't skim the jam constantly while it 's being cooked .
Just skim it at the end , to reduce wastage .
An old - fashioned tip that was passed onto me by my next - door neighbour Peggy Walsh is that if there 's a bit of scum left after skimming , then drop a tiny lump of butter ( about the size of a fingernail ) into the jam .
It will dissolve the remainder of the scum .
How do I know the jam has reached setting point ?
If you want to take the guesswork out of it , buy a jam thermometer ( quite an expensive piece of kit ) ; when the thermometer hits 105 ºC ( 220 ºF ) , the jam is set .
But we rarely use a sugar thermometer , because I want students to be able to judge when jam is set without any fancy equipment .
Another way to tell when your jam will set is to put a plate in the fridge to chill .
When the jam looks as though it 's almost set , take a teaspoonful and put it onto the cold plate .
Push the outer edge of the jam puddle into the centre with your index finger .
If the jam wrinkles even a little , it will set .
Covering jam jars
When the jam has reached setting point , pour it into sterilised jars and cover immediately .
One can still buy packets of jam covers in most shops and supermarkets .
These are made up of three elements , a silicone disc of paper , a large round of cellophane and a rubber band .
Cover each jar with a silicone disc ( slippy side down onto the surface of the jam ) .
Wet one side of the cellophane round , then stretch it over the jar , and secure with a rubber band .
If the cellophane disc is not moistened , it will not become taut when the jam gets cold .
Alternatively , use screw - top lids , which should be sterilised in boiling water and dried before use .
Later the jars can be covered with doilies , rounds of material or coloured paper .
These covers can be added secured with plain or coloured rubber bands , narrow florists ribbon tied into bows or ordinary ribbon with perhaps little dried flowers or herbs .
What can go wrong ?
1. Mould on the top
If mould starts to grow on top of jam , I just spoon it off , give it to the hens and continue to eat the rest .
Keep the jam in the fridge from then on and use it as soon as possible .
When we were little , Mummy would just tell us to stir in the mould and eat it because it was penicillin and good for us – I 'm not sure about that but I am alive to tell the tale !
Having said that , eating mouldy shop - bought jam is a different matter and certainly not advisable .
If you remove jam to a separate dish to serve it in , do not add it back to the main pot afterwards or it will go boozy .
Mould grows on top of jam when :
( a ) jars are not properly sterilised
( b ) the fruit was picked while wet
2. Crystallisation
Sugar crystals appear on top and sometimes through the jam .
The jam is safe to eat but will taste very sweet and gritty .
Crystallisation is caused when :
( a ) too much sugar is added
( b ) the sugar is not properly dissolved
( c ) the jam is over - or under - boiled
3. Fermentation
When fermentation occurs , the jam will start to bubble and can smell gassy when the lid is removed .
Jam that has fermented should not be eaten .
Fermentation can occur when :
( a ) the jam is undercooked
( b ) the fruit was wet when harvested
( c ) the jars were not properly cleaned and sterilised
Storing jam
Normally , there is no need to store jams in a fridge .
They should be stored in a cool , dry , airy place .
Recipes
Redcurrant juice
This juice can be frozen for use another time if necessary .
Use it to bring up the acidity and pectin level when making jam .
To obtain 450 ml ( ¾ pint ) of juice , put 450g ( 1lb ) of redcurrants ( they can be fresh or frozen ) into a stainless - steel saucepan with 175 ml ( 6fl oz ) of water .
Bring to the boil and simmer for about 20 minutes .
Strain through a fine sieve .
Raspberry , boysenberry , tayberry or loganberry jam
If you 've never made jam before , this is a good place to start .
Raspberry jam is the easiest and quickest of all jams to make , and one of the most delicious .
Loganberries , boysenberries or tayberries may be used in this recipe , too .
Because it uses equal amounts of sugar and fruit , you do n't necessarily need as much as the recipe calls for .
Sometimes when I 'm trying to take the mystery out of jam - making for students , I put some scones into the oven , then make jam , and by the time the scones are out of the oven , the jam is made .
It 's that easy !
Makes 3 450g ( 1lb ) pots .
900g ( 2lb ) fresh or frozen berries
900g ( 2lb ) white sugar , warmed
( use 110g / 4 oz less if the fruit is very sweet )
Wash , dry and sterilise the jars in the oven for 15 minutes .
Put the berries into a wide , stainless - steel saucepan .
Mash them a little and cook for 3 – 4 minutes over a medium heat until the juice begins to run , then add the warmed sugar and stir over a gentle heat until the sugar is fully dissolved .
Increase the heat , bring to the boil and cook steadily for about 5 minutes , stirring frequently ( frozen berries will take 6 minutes ) .
Test for a set by putting about a teaspoon of jam on a cold plate and leaving it for a few minutes in a cool place .
Press the jam with your index finger .
If it wrinkles even slightly , it is set .
Remove from the heat immediately .
Skim and pour into sterilised jam jars .
Cover immediately .
Keep the jam in a cool place or put on a shelf in your kitchen so you can feel great every time you look at it !
Anyway , it will be so delicious it wo n't last long !
• This extract is taken from Forgotten Skills of Cooking by Darina Allen ( Kyle Cathie , £ 30 ) with photography by Peter Cassidy
MEXICO CITY — Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ended a five - day tour of Latin America Friday with a lightning trip to Guatemala , where she promised Central American presidents more help to fight drug trafficking and repeated her call for more countries to recognize the new government of Honduras .
The new Honduran president , Porfirio Lobo , attended the meeting in Guatemala City , an appearance that signaled a step toward normalizing relations with neighbors El Salvador and Guatemala .
Many countries in the hemisphere have refrained from recognizing Mr. Lobo ’s government because it came to power with an election held under a government installed by a coup last June .
Washington has argued that Mr. Lobo was chosen in fair elections that had been scheduled before the coup .
On Thursday in San Jose , Costa Rica , Ms. Clinton announced that the United States was restoring more than $ 30 million in aid to Honduras it had suspended after the coup .
This essay , first published just prior to Christmas 2009 , remains every bit as fresh and relevant as it was a year ago .
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all . — eds
The thrust of Steven Cahn ’s notable essay in the April 1969 American Philosophical Quarterly can be grasped well enough from its title : “ The Irrelevance to Religion of Philosophic Proofs for the Existence of God . ” Abstract formulations about a divine being , he suggests , really have nothing to do with the things that matter about religious belief : what goodies await us , what ’s naughty or nice , and when , so to speak , He is coming to town .
One should therefore come with moderated expectations to something like Jamie Hook ’s mid-December lecture , “ Beyond Belief : A Philosophical Proof of Santa Claus . ”
Like the rest of his Open City Dialogue series , it took place at Pete ’s Candy Store , a deceptively - named bar nestled between the brand - new high - rise condos over McCarren Park and the Brooklyn - Queens Expressway .
Joining me in the cramped back - room theater of Pete ’s ( about the dimensions of an old - world railway car with a vaudeville stage at the far end ) there happened to be two reporters from National Public Radio and the Associated Press , respectively .
I happen to go to a lot of philosophical lectures about the existence of God and can attest that they do not typically attract reporters — but a proof for Santa was hard to resist .
“ It makes a good holiday story , ” the woman from AP confided to me , sensibly enough .
I confess it was only then that I realized why , aside from the off - chance of catching some dazzling theoretical insight , my editor imagined it worth sending me to write a whole article about this swiftly - passing hour in a neighborhood bar .
But there it is : anything to get us into the holiday spirit .
Soon it became evident that none of the other young Brooklynites around me ( who were , informal polling later on revealed , entirely childless and , it was safe for the lecturer to assume , mostly godless as well ) came for hard - hitting proof .
When the promised proof never actually appeared , the crowd , as Cahn might have predicted , did n’t seem to mind .
Baby Jesus ’ Materialist Sidekick
Mr. Hook , who describes himself as a “ socially omnivorous urban dandy , ” began this “ passion play for the non-believer ” with a story of loss of faith : the memory of telling a seven - year - old boy that Santa Claus does n’t exist and subsequently watching him fall into a two - week depression .
“ We had made his world smaller , ” Hook remembers .
He devised this lecture , following the suggestion of Rainer Maria Rilke , to “ restore enchantment to the world . ”
Hook promptly proceeded to a Wikipedia - style historical sketch of the origin of the idea of Santa Claus , followed by a 12 - minute original anthropological video of actual , believing children articulating the substance of their Christmastime convictions .
These two accounts were utterly at odds .
The children did n’t hesitate to delve into amazing speculations about how Santa may have once been an ordinary man , or preceded the evolution of the human race , or came from a supernova-ed star long ago .
None of them , significantly , were willing to either question their belief in Santa or to prove it — aside from the testimony of having seen him at school or the remains of his nocturnal deliveries at home .
As Hook pressed them from behind the camera to explain , the children only became firmer in their self - assurance .
Set against the general run of their ruminations , Hook ’s history can only described as revisionist .
Reminiscent of the internet cult - phenomenon Zeitgeist ’s treatment of Jesus , it featured the standard ingredients of a turn - your - world - upside - down debunking .
Before Santa Claus became Baby Jesus ’ materialistic sidekick , we learned , he passed through a sequence of incarnations and permutations that go back to ancient paganism .
There is not simply a single Santa , therefore , which we might chose to believe in or not believe in ; cultures all over the Christian world have their own respective versions .
Even if you do believe in a Santa , how can you be sure that your Santa is the right one ?
Unfortunately , this only helps the cause of the Pagan Throwback Santa that a liberal - minded person might like the idea of but would hardly take the time out of a busy day to appropriately placate .
Things certainly do n’t look good for the Santa familiar to most of us , the jolly old chap who dresses like Pope Benedict the XVI .
Much of what we know about him was assembled from scattered mythology in “ Twas the Night Before Christmas , ” the divinity school professor Clement Clarke Moore ’s famous poem , which appeared alongside Thomas Nast ’s illustrations year after year in 19th - century editions of Harper’s .
For the rest of it , we have to thank none other than the Coca - Cola company , which paid to print pictures of Santa in color so long as the colors were ones that would look good with a can of their product .
Hook reveled in unmasking “ this huge , shamanic , psuedo - shamanic totem ” that managed to insert itself into the high holiday of American Christendom .
On the one hand , we find in this figure a latent rebellion gone unrepressed by millennia of orthodox “ religious miscreants ” ; on the other , it is yet another half - quaint , half - Orwellian intrusion on the imagination of children by corporate ad men .
Hook reflected on the role of this figure in the American coming - of - age story and asked the audience to share their stories of belief and disenchantment .
“ Santa is one of the few things that we actively lie about to our children , ” he said .
When the time of his refutation finally comes , “ Santa is frequently the first domino ” in a process that can continue all the way up to God .
The result ?
“ We , here in this room , are in a world that lacks belief profoundly . ”
He declared himself an atheist , though one not quite able to tell his own children that God does n’t exist .
Then , in an about - face , after calling Jolly Old St. Nick a lie , Hook announced that the time had finally come for the main event of the evening , the philosophical proof for Santa ’s existence .
“ This is a question that I ’ve spent a lot of time thinking about , ” he began .
And , just to know what he was working with : “ How many people here have studied philosophy at all ? ”
Just as I was about to raise my hand , self - satisfied yet discreet , all the power went out .
From behind us , we heard but did n’t see the ringing of bells and a sonorous voice : “ Ho ! Ho ! Ho! Merry Christmas ! ”
Hook was befuddled .
“ I have this thing , it ’s like a proof on paper , but I have to get the lights back on . ”
He started lighting candles around the room and , when somebody walked in the back door , asked , “ Hey , do you know what ’s going on with the power ? ”
“ No , ” the guy replied .
“ But I know that Santa left a whole bunch of free beers on the bar ! ”
The proof I ’d come and waited for , needless to say , was immediately forgotten in applause and a rush to the door .
Santa as God-Surrogate
I do n’t remember either the moment of my first assent to the existence of Santa Claus or that in which I first found cause to doubt it .
What I do recall , though , is an instance of backpedaling .
By this time , I had come to discern that the evidence leaned against Santa ’s existence .
I had even been told the truth of the matter directly , I believe , and was perhaps 75 % there .
But , when Christmas morning came , under the tree I found a present in the form of a tent .
The tag , in my father ’s handwriting , claimed that it came from Santa .
There , despite his dwindling plausibility , I could not but feel that Santa himself had delivered it .
My family had never been on a camping trip before , and the very idea of finding a tent in the house was so foreign , and truthfully so welcome , that it could only come from a source that was Wholly Other .
Irrespective of anything that might be regarded as proof , at least until my father announced plans for an upcoming camping trip , that novelty and unforeseen possibility had no other name for me than Santa .
“ Sorry , I did n’t really get to talking about God , ” Hook told me when I went up to congratulate him afterward .
Actually , during the lecture , he had alluded to the matter well : “ Santa Claus is a nice surrogate for dealing with these issues — ‘ God issues ’— in a smaller way . ”
Presents , in either case , go further than proof .
The Obama administration declassified part of the government 's cybersecurity plan Tuesday , publishing parts of it that discuss intrusion detection systems for federal computer networks and the government 's role in securing critical infrastructure .
The declassification announcement was made by Howard A. Schmidt , a former Microsoft security executive who in December was appointed cybersecurity coordinator by President Barack Obama .
Schmidt was speaking at the RSA Security Conference in San Francisco , an annual industry conference for computer security professionals .
The government 's Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative was launched in 2008 by President George W. Bush under a shroud of secrecy .
The plan has 12 directives that cover the government 's strategy to protect U.S. networks – including military , civilian , government networks and critical infrastructure systems – as well as the government 's offensive strategy to combat cyberwarfare .
Civil libertarians criticized the Bush administration for failing to disclose the contents of the plan or allowing independent oversight of its implementation .
Schmidt said that Obama recognized the need for some transparency .
" There are a lot of legal issues about what we 're doing , " he told the 2,000 - member audience , adding that the government was currently working on a list of about 40 legal questions related to the cybersecurity initiative .
Obama said last May that he planned to appoint a separate official to ensure that the implementation of the cybersecurity plan does n't violate privacy and civil liberties and insisted that the government 's plan would not include spying on the public .
" Our pursuit of cybersecurity will not include – I repeat , will not include – monitoring private sector networks or internet traffic , " he said .
" We will preserve and protect the personal privacy and civil liberties that we cherish as Americans . "
A White House spokesman said Tuesday that the administration had appointed Tim Edgar to oversee the privacy aspects of the cybersecurity initiative .
Edgar , a former attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union , has been working as the deputy for civil liberties for the Civil Liberties and Privacy Office of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence .
The declassified portion of the plan published Tuesday includes information on only part of the initiative and does not discuss cyberwarfare .
The plan instead discusses the deployment of Einstein 2 and Einstein 3 , intrusion detection systems on federal networks designed to inspect internet traffic entering government networks to detect potential threats .
DHS ( Department of Homeland Security ) is deploying , as part of its EINSTEIN 2 activities , signature - based sensors capable of inspecting Internet traffic entering Federal systems for unauthorized accesses and malicious content .
The EINSTEIN 2 capability enables analysis of network flow information to identify potential malicious activity while conducting automatic full packet inspection of traffic entering or exiting U.S. Government networks for malicious activity using signature - based intrusion detection technology ....
EINSTEIN 2 is capable of alerting US - CERT in real time to the presence of malicious or potentially harmful activity in federal network traffic and provides correlation and visualization of the derived data ....
The EINSTEIN 3 system will also support enhanced information sharing by US - CERT with Federal Departments and Agencies by giving DHS the ability to automate alerting of detected network intrusion attempts and , when deemed necessary by DHS , to send alerts that do not contain the content of communications to the National Security Agency ( NSA ) so that DHS efforts may be supported by NSA exercising its lawfully authorized missions .
The Einstein programs have raised concerns among privacy and civil liberties groups , such as the Center for Democracy and Technology , because they involve scanning the content of communications to intercept malicious code before it reaches government networks .
In 2008 , the Department of Homeland Security ’s Privacy Office published a Privacy Impact Assessment on early versions of Einstein 2 ( .pdf ) but has not published one on Einstein 3 .
The assessment left many questions unanswered , such as how much of a role the National Security Agency will play in the programs and whether information obtained in scans be shared with law enforcement or intelligence agencies .
What may be the most controversial part of the declassified plan is a discussion of a need for the government to define its role in protecting private critical infrastructure networks .
Critical infrastructure includes the electrical grid , telecommunication networks , internet service providers , the banking and financial industry , and others .
The document indicates that DHS and private - sector businesses have already " developed a plan of shared action with an aggressive series of milestones and activities " but does n't discuss the nature of those shared actions other than to say that the two sectors are focused on developing a " public - private sharing of information regarding cyberthreats and incidents . "
The U.S. Government depends on a variety of privately owned and operated critical infrastructures to carry out the public ’s business .
In turn , these critical infrastructures rely on the efficient operation of information systems and networks that are vulnerable to malicious cyberthreats .
This Initiative builds on the existing and ongoing partnership between the Federal Government and the public and private sector owners and operators of Critical Infrastructure and Key Resources ( CIKR ) ....
It addresses security and information assurance efforts across the cyberinfrastructure to increase resiliency and operational capabilities throughout the CIKR sectors .
Additionally , the plan calls for a strategy to increase the security of classified networks and to develop and implement a government - wide cybercounterintelligence ( CI ) plan , but provides little detail about what that would involve .
" A government - wide cybercounterintelligence plan is necessary to coordinate activities across all Federal Agencies to detect , deter , and mitigate the foreign - sponsored cyberintelligence threat to U.S. and private sector information systems , " the plan says .
" To accomplish these goals , the plan establishes and expands cyber CI education and awareness programs and workforce development to integrate CI into all cyber operations and analysis , increase employee awareness of the cyber CI threat , and increase counterintelligence collaboration across the government . "
Photo : huertk / Flickr
See also :
A senior Iraqi spy has accused the prime minister , Nour al - Maliki , of handing out thousands of guns to tribal leaders in a bid to win votes .
The claim was made by Iraqi National Intelligence Service former spokesman , Saad al - Alusi , a week before Iraq 's general election , in which allegations of vote buying and exorbitant handouts have become widespread .
Maliki , who faces a bitterly contested final week of campaigning ahead of the7 March poll , has been photographed handing out guns to supporters in southern Iraq , engraved with a personal message from his office .
However he denies that the delivery of weapons , along with cash payments , were improper .
Alusi , who was the INIS spokesman until he was asked to move to another ministry eight days ago , said some 8,000 guns were ordered from a Serbian supplier at the end of 2008 for use by intelligence officers .
However he claimed Maliki " denied our contract at the last minute and made his own contract of 10,000 pistols , which he has used as election propaganda for himself and his party .
" This was a very important contract for the intelligence service .
We have no weapons to this day , " Alusi said .
A government spokesman , Ali al - Dabbagh , strongly denied the allegations : " These gifts have been given to the tribes for their contribution to security .
They are not connected to the election campaign .
The suggestion that anything has been taken away from other bodies to use for election purposes is wrong . "
Alusi 's remarks are an unprecedented challenge to the prime minister 's re-election campaign from the spy service that has been considered closest to his government .
Founded with CIA training and money , the INIS had been thought to be mostly independent and free of interference from Saddam Hussein 's former regime , or from neighbouring states .
Tensions between Maliki's office and the INIS had been bubbling throughout last year , before boiling over in August when the INIS director , Muhammad al - Shahwani was sacked by Maliki 's senior staff .
Alusi claimed that around 190 employees had been sacked in recent weeks as tensions between the service and its political overlord spilled over into outright hostility .
" Those who did not implement the orders of the prime minister 's office were forced out .
Some of them were accused of being Ba'athists .
They are 25 years old now and seven years ago they would have been 18 ( and too young to be involved with the Ba'ath party ) .
It is obvious this slur is being used to hang people by a sectarian government . "
The head of Iraq 's parliamentary integrity commission , Sheikh Sabah al - Sayedi , confirmed that guns have were handed out to community leaders and said his commission would ask Maliki to account for money the prime minister allegedly used from government coffers for his re-election campaign .
" He has given at least hundreds of them to tribal leaders in Amara , Nasireya , Diwaniya and many other provinces , Sayedi said .
" They are American - made and arrived by the middle of 2009 .
It is a cheap way to buy votes .
Saddam used to do the same .
Maliki said he gave the guns out so that tribal leaders could protect themselves .
So he wants to protect them and yet judges and lawyers die every day .
What is the role of the Iraqi army and police ?
I hope the tribes will see through this . "
Awda Ali , a member of the Nasireya council in Iraq 's south confirmed that the prime minister had travelled to his area last week and handed out engraved weapons along with envelopes containing one million Iraqi dinars ( £ 560 ) to leaders in the area .
" He said it was in gratitude for their role in improving security . "
Sheikh Nouri al - Dulaimi , a tribal leader in the restive Anbar province , which is not one of the prime minister 's strongholds , said Maliki 's deputy , Rafah al - Essawi , had visited the area last week with " 10 million dinars " .
But we will not be bribed like this .
I think Iraqis are more aware than they used to be . "
A Chinese police chief has been ordered to resign and a deputy chief has been fired amid allegations that a man died in custody after being tortured .
Police initially said Wang Yanhui died suddenly while being questioned in Henan province over alleged theft , state media reported .
But when his family saw his body they said his injuries suggested abuse .
The incident has fuelled public anger over a series of reports of torture and deaths in police detention .
Zhang Guanjun , police chief in Henan 's Lushan county , was ordered to stand down from his post over dereliction of duties , said Xinhua .
The news agency said an unnamed deputy chief policeman had also been removed from his post and four policemen involved in the alleged torture handed over to prosecutors .
Mr Wang was reported to have died while being interrogated over alleged theft on 21 February , three days after he was arrested .
The Chongqing Evening News reported that he had died suddenly after drinking hot water .
Other reports said he had been taken to hospital after becoming ill during questioning .
But Mr Wang 's family said when they collected his body it showed signs of multiple violent injuries .
They told state media his nipples had been cut off , his genitals cut and his skull fractured .
The provincial security bureau said all those found responsible would be severely punished , reported Xinhua .
Last April , China launched a campaign to " eliminate unnatural deaths " among detainees and prison inmates .
It followed several suspicious deaths in custody , including that of Li Qiaoming in a prison in southern Yunnan Province .
Prison officers initially claimed he had died while playing a game of hide - and - seek with other inmates , but an investigation found he had been beaten to death by fellow inmates .
Interesting Sydney International Food Festival Ads
To help promote the Sydney International Food Festival , advertising agency WHYBIN / TBWA ( Sydney ) launched a series of different flags .
These flags were made out of all kinds of food that associated with a specific country .
Each piece was vivid and looked really delicious , and of course , this campaign was turned out to be successful .
The following are the flags , can you tell all of them apart ?
Brazil
South Korea
Italy
Australia
Switzerland
Japan
Spain
France
Greece
India
Lebanon
Vietnam
On Thursday 4th February 2010 , the KDE Community Forums is holding a new event called Answer Day .
The event will start 00:00 UTC ( ends 23:59 UTC ) , and everyone can participate !
We ’ll focus on doing the following two things :
Answer unanswered questions
In the forums , KDE users can ask questions and help other users .
Usually you ’ll get an answer pretty fast , but some questions might have been overlooked or nobody knows the answer .
The forum has a feature to list the 1000 latest unanswered topics .
Not all are questions , but you ’ll find a large portion of posts waiting for answers here .
So during the Answer Day , we encourage everyone to actively seek unanswered questions to answer .
What to do : Click on “ View unanswered posts ” in the panel , browse through the list and answer as many questions as you can / want to .
Mark topics as solved Before posting a question , it ’s recommended that you search the forums first to see if the topic has been covered before .
To make it easier to find answers , the forums have a plugin to mark topics as solved ( it ’s also possible to only search for solved topics ) .
A solved topic will show up with a next to the title in forum view ( where you see a list of topics ) .
Clicking on the green checkmark will take you directly to the answer .
In topic view ( inside a topic ) , is shown in the title of the post with the best answer .
Choosing the best answer is something the topic starter has to do by clicking on under the post with the solution ( can be undone with ) .
Sometimes , however , this is n’t done – maybe the topic starter did n’t know about this feature , or he / she forgot to click on the button .
Never trust a programmer who says he knows C++ Posted by Louis Brandy on 28 March 2010
I 've been in an interviewing mindset for awhile and I 've come to realize something important about C++ in particular .
C++ is a " two peak " language .
That is to say C++ is the only language I know of where two very different sets of programmers consider themselves well versed in the language .
Let me show you in fake graph form :
Programmers ( especially those coming from C ) can very quickly get up to speed in C++ and feel quite proficient .
These programmers will tell you that they know C++.
They are lying .
As a programmer continues in C++ , he goes through this valley of frustration where he fully comes to terms with the full complexity of the language .
The good news is that it 's really easy to tell the difference between C++ programmers pre- and post - valley ( in an interview , in this case ) .
Just mention that C++ is an extremely large and complex language , and the post - valley people will give you 127 different tiny frustrations they have with the language .
The pre-valley people will say " Yea , I guess .
I mean , it 's just C with classes . " .
The sad case of Constance McMillen , the Mississippi student whose high school cancelled its prom after she asked to take her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo , has a happy ending .
A federal judge has ruled that McMillen 's rights were violated by the school 's decision , and a replacement prom hosted privately can also go ahead after its organisers promised to open it to all students , including McMillen .
The American Civil Liberties Union , which backed McMillen 's lawsuit , quoted her in its announcement celebrating the legal decision :
" It feels really good that the court realised that the school was violating my rights and discriminating against me by cancelling the prom .
All I ever wanted was for my school to treat me and my girlfriend like any other couple that wants to go to prom , " said McMillen , an 18 - year - old senior at Itawamba Agricultural High School in Fulton , Mississippi .
" Now we can all get back to things like picking out our prom night outfits and thinking about corsages . "
Another prom is also being organised by the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition , a support group for gay and lesbian students .
The event will be open to all students in the state , gay as well as straight .
Last week McMillen was a guest on Ellen DeGeneres 's talkshow and received a $ 30,000 university scholarship .
And the bigger issue at stake – helping future gay and lesbian students avoid similar discrimination – was also resolved .
" This ruling clearly tells school districts there is a first amendment right to bring same - sex dates to the prom , " ACLU lawyer Kristy Bennett told the Jackson Clarion - Ledger newspaper .
The Clarion - Ledger also reported :
Kenneth Sherrill , a political science professor at Hunter College in New York City , said the international attention drawn by the story is remarkable , as is the outpouring of support for McMillen .
Sherrill , who studies social and political attitudes toward gays and lesbians , said the response shows " a cultural shift in the country toward greater tolerance . "
People blaming McMillen or condemning her lifestyle are " an embattled minority , " he said .
" That 's not mainstream anymore .
Twenty years ago it might have been , " he said .
Not everyone is happy with the court 's ruling .
The conservative Christian lobbying group American Family Association said : " This is not about speech at all , but about the homosexual agenda .
It 's about the schoolyard bullies at the ACLU using an activist federal judge to force schools to normalise sexually aberrant behaviour . "
news Vintage Toronto Ads : The Watermelon and the Boy
Advertisement , Time , October 27 , 1947 .
In the battle against racial discrimination , 1947 was a year of turning points .
The major story across the continent was Jackie Robinson breaking the colour barrier that had existed in major league baseball since the 1880s .
Locally , municipal officials spurred by the continued bigotry displayed by an ice skating rink developed an anti-discriminatory licensing policy for entertainment establishments , while students at the Central High School of Commerce ( now Central Commerce Collegiate Institute ) elected a black student as school president .
Despite these events , and several anti-racist editorials in city newspapers , Toronto ’s black community still found many venues unwelcoming and derogatory stereotypes easy to find .
Having read many Toronto Star articles from 1947 that decry the negative treatment blacks received , that somebody thought the illustration above was a good way to sell newspapers seems like a classic case of the left hand not knowing what the right hand was doing .
After scrolling through back issues , the Globe and Mail appears to have displayed the most progressive viewpoint among Toronto ’s daily newspapers that year in its coverage of racism and discrimination , thanks to a series of strong editorials and columnists like sportswriter Jim Coleman who risked legal action when speaking out against offenders .
The Star comes in next , with its positive intentions sidetracked by the ad above and for being the only local paper to make Robinson sound as if he spoke pidgin English ( the caption above a picture of Robinson looking at his son read , “ And Mistah Rickey , well , he jes ’ don ’ say nuthin ’ ” ) .
The Telegram reported these kinds of stories , on those occasions when it did , with little flair and no additional commentary .
Additional material from the March 19 , 1947 and October 6 , 1947 editions of the Toronto Star .
There is an interesting letter in Nature Geoscience this month on what climate changes we have actually already committed ourselves to .
The letter , by Mathews and Weaver ( sub. reqd . ) , makes the valid point that there are both climatic and societal inertias to consider .
Their figure neatly demonstrates the different issues :
The upper line is often what is referred to as the ‘ climate change commitment ’ ( for instance Wigley , 2005 ) .
This is the warming you get if we keep CO 2 ( and other GHG and pollutant levels ) constant at today ’s values .
( Technically , the figure shows the case staying at year 2000 values ) .
In such a scenario , the planet still has a radiative imbalance , and the warming will continue until the oceans have warmed sufficiently to equalise the situation – giving an additional 0.3 to 0.8 ºC warming over the 21st Century .
Thus the conclusion has been that because of climate inertia , further warming is inevitable .
However , constant concentrations of CO 2 imply a change in emissions – specifically an immediate cut of around 60 to 70 % globally and continued further cuts over time .
Matthews and Weaver make the point that this is a little arbitrary and that the true impact of climate inertia would be seen only with emissions cut to zero .
That is , if we define the commitment as the consequence only of past emissions , then you should set future emissions to zero before you calculate it .
This is a valid point , and the consequence of that is seen in the lower lines in the figure .
CO 2 concentrations would start to fall immediately since the ocean and terrestrial biosphere would continue to absorb more carbon than they release as long as the CO 2 level in the atmosphere is higher than pre-industrial levels ( approximately ) .
And subsequent temperatures ( depending slightly on the model you are using ) would either be flat or slightly decreasing .
With this definition then , there is no climate change commitment because of climate inertia .
Instead , the reason for the likely continuation of the warming is that we ca n’t get to zero emissions any time soon because of societal , economic or technological inertia .
That is an interesting reframing of an issue that comes up all the time in discussions of adaptation and mitigation .
This is because it demonstrates that adaptation ( over and above what is necessary to reduce vulnerabilities to current climate conditions ) is unnecessary if mitigation is dramatic enough .
However , the practical implication of this reframing is small .
We are clearly not going to get to zero emissions any time soon , and even the 60 - 70 % cuts required to stabilise concentrations initially seem a long way off .
Thus as a practical matter , it does n’t really matter whether the inertia is climatic or societal or technological or economic because the globe will continue to warm under all realistic scenarios ( what we do have a possible control over is the magnitude of that warming ) .
Thus further adaptation measures will still be needed .
View Transcript
Transcript
Catbert : Evil Director of Human Resources Catbert says , " Leadership is the art of trading imaginary things in the future ? "
Catbert says , " For real things today . "
Catbert says , " If you work all weekend , you might be promoted someday , if there 's ever an opening ... and no one else is more qualified . "
Colts at Bears , who wins ?
Colts or tie Bears
Will the Buccaneers beat the Chargers by 7 or more points ?
Yes No
Patriots at Chiefs , who wins ?
Patriots or tie Chiefs
Bills at Raiders , who wins ?
Bills or tie Raiders
Will Burrow or Minshew come - from - behind to win Sunday ?
Yes No
Will Aaron Donald have more than 1 tackle for loss vs. NYG ?
Yes No
Which Seahawk WR will score a TD vs Miami first ?
Tyler Lockett DK Metcalf Neither scores a TD
How many turnovers will Carson Wentz have against SF ?
none 1 - 2 3 or more
Falcons at Packers , O/ U 58.5 total points Over Under
All designers can learn from one another , and that includes designers in two completely different fields .
In what will be a multi- part series , we looks at tips from interior designers that can help designers in other areas .
For the first installment we focus on web designers .
Just what does interior design have in common with web design .
You ’re about to find out …
When undertaking web design , there are important aspects of interior design that you can take inspiration from to help you build a fantastic website that works as well as it looks .
Think of your website as the building and the pages as the rooms , you need to look at the website as a whole .
Do not consider a page to be separate , but to be a part of a larger page that is connected via halls ( links ) , stairs ( menus ) and doors ( backlinks ) .
When thinking this way you should aim to link all of the rooms together in a fluid and continuous style .
A fantastic way to achieve this is with the use of color .
Color can be selected in a set of 3 to four tones , and varying shades of those tones can be utilized in each page throughout the website .
By doing this you introduce each page to the next and keep a common theme throughout that helps create an identity for the website as a whole .
If you prefer to stick to single shades on each page , then try to build a connection by introducing separate tones to the menu or frames , therefore , bringing each page together by using similar elements .
This article is going to run through some of the key elements used by interior designers when creating a harmonious balance design throughout all of the rooms of the home .
It may require you to step back from the way you currently view web design and visualize it as something else .
This way you can continue forward with a fresh eye and put interior design methods into practice with your web design .
Creative Custom Content
Contrast is found everywhere you look and is also a major player when it comes to design .
To utilize contrast you can use 2 opposite colors or shapes to create the effect .
Think of traditional contrast colors such as Brown and green or red and yellow .
They hold a pleasing aesthetic that is almost comforting to the eye while creating interest .
The use of contrast , especially with color can liven up a website and give it a modern sleek feel .
Be careful with how you place contrasting pieces and colors as it can also cause a page to feel busy and disorganized .
A great example of how to add some contrast to a page would be a lighter background , perhaps with some artistic detailing and fonts in contrasting shades to the main color scheme .
This allows the words and images on the screen to really ‘ pop ’ .
Finding Your Focal Point
When it comes to interior design the most well - known objective is the focal point , and this also rings true to web design .
A focal point is what makes a page have interest and removes boredom from the space .
In fact , every well - designed website should have one or more focal points to add interest to it .
Depending on the size of the site you are working with , a great example of some focal points would be a sitewide banner , a striking logo , or well - designed menu bars .
A focal point should aim to draw the eye to it by creating interest , but should not dominate the eye line , this is why in interior design feature walls work so well .
What works well for interior design will usually translate well to web design too .
If every page were to be heavily decorated in a striking pattern , then there would be nothing that specifically draws the eye to it .
A feature point on a website is one part of the site decorated in a more extravagant and bold style that complements the rest of the site .
The focal point is also the most fun part of website design and is when you get to create something a little bit more unique that gives a space its main identity .
Bring Life To Your Page
In this section , you need to open your mind a little bit more and imagine that the pages of your website are the walls of your site .
All too often , the walls of the home are reserved for hanging paintings and plaques on .
However , the walls can play host to some interior enhancing accessories such as vintage style clocks , wall art , and Pinboards .
The accessories you add to your home all work together to help enhance the look and feel of the space and can be a quick and easy way to change the atmosphere of the room and this is the same for your web pages .
By adding some personality to your website by using hand - drawn sketches , art , and well thought out design pieces , you create a site that is less sterile and more friendly .
In the home , pinboards make an excellent alternative to picture frames and can create a personalized finish to your family photos , drawings , and notes .
The same can be applied to your website .
After all , it worked for Pinterest , so could bring an interactive and customizable section to your site .
Many blog templates incorporate these types of features .
If you are a novice it ’s still relatively easy to learn how to start a blog that looks beautiful and incorporates these seemingly more advanced features .
Organization Is Key
When looking at a room , interior designers try to work out the best way to present all of the important parts while keeping the less important parts hidden out of site .
The same can be said about a web designer .
Look at all of your words , menus , photos , and images as objects .
If you just throw them around willy nilly , then finding what you are looking for can become a hard task .
However , if you neatly organize everything and put it in its place , finding it becomes easy time after time .
Mix It Up
When it comes to home furnishings , all too often people decide on either a vintage look or opt for a more modern feel .
The majority of the time there is no middle ground and a home can either look dated and stuck in time or cold and sterile .
Creating an inviting and warm home takes a keen eye to work out how to bring the two styles together in harmony .
This is something that every web designer must also consider when trying to build a site that is as unique to the brand or person as possible while still retaining a sleek and modern look to it .
This is true whether you are doing an entirely custom site , or using a template from a website builder .
Finding that elusive middle ground is everything .
Sure , you could opt for one or the other , but if everything is in a modern design it can come across as sterile and lacking personality , while if you opt for a completely vintage feel it can appear dated and no longer keeping up with the times .
The best website uses a mix of old and new ideas and designs .
Think along the lines of clean traditional colors and backgrounds with a modernistic font or layout .
Renovation Is As Important As Construction
Just like with a home , if you do n’t take care of it and update and repair it throughout the year , it soon starts to become dated and falling apart .
This is as true for the website as it is for the property .
In fact , renovating and updating your website on a regular basis allows you to keep your customers happy by providing fresh and new content , fully functional links and pages , and as bug - free as possible .
Building a site is important as it is the foundations of what is to come , but maintaining and taking care of that site is what really counts .
Keeping things fresh and ahead of the crowds will always help you create a website that is relevant and popular .
Taking just a few of these tricks onboard will help you visualize for design in a whole different way .
Google Inc. co-founder Sergey Brin pushed the Internet giant to take the risky step of abandoning its China - based search engine as that country 's efforts to censor the Web and suppress dissidents smacked of the " totalitarianism " of his youth in the Soviet Union .
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Brin , who came to the U.S. from Russia at the age of 6 in 1979 , said the compromises to do business in the world 's largest Internet market had become too great .
Finally , a cyberattack that the company traced to Chinese hackers , which stole some of Google 's proprietary computer code and attempted to spy on Chinese activists ' emails , was the " straw that broke the camel 's back . "
China has " made great strides against poverty and whatnot , " Mr. Brin said .
" But nevertheless , in some aspects of their policy , particularly with respect to censorship , with respect to surveillance of dissidents , I see the same earmarks of totalitarianism , and I find that personally quite troubling . "
Mr. Brin reluctantly agreed four years ago to launch a search engine in China that the company would censor to satisfy the government .
But he said he began to have a change of heart after the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
As the glow of the Olympics faded , he said , the Chinese government began ratcheting up its Web censoring and interfering more with Google 's operations .
Around that time , he said , the murky rules of doing business in China grew even murkier .
Executives throughout the company grew more anxious about the policy , he said .
The bees entered the hive through a carved flower
An ancient chapel has revealed a new mystery with the discovery of a 600 - year - old hive built into the stones .
Builders renovating Rosslyn Chapel , which was made famous in The Da Vinci Code , found the " unprecedented " hive while dismantling a rooftop pinnacle .
The bees entered the hive through a hole in a carved flower crafted by the chapel 's master stone masons .
The 15th Century Midlothian building is undergoing a £ 13 m conservation and site improvement project .
The discovery was made when two pinnacles , which had been made unstable by nesting jackdaws , had to be taken down stone by stone and rebuilt .
Malcolm Mitchell , of Page Park Architects , said : " It was a big hollow about the size of a gas cylinder and the hive had obviously been abandoned . "
' Teasing ' masons
It is believed that the bees left the hive when a canopy was put over the chapel during renovation works .
Another pinnacle had a similar hollow , but no access hole .
" Master masons built these in , whether it was under direction or not .
What you find at Rosslyn is there are so many irregularities and nuances in the stone work and it's as if the stone masons are teasing us from the past , " Mr Mitchell said .
" These hives were never intended to be a source of honey .
They were there purely to protect the bees from our inclement weather . "
It is hoped the bees will return to the hive once renovations are complete " There does n't seem to be any precedent .
" Bee hives in the past were normally portable .
Often they were made of wicker baskets or ceramics , but the intention was that you would have access to them .
" At Rosslyn they are there purely for the bees . "
He said there appeared to be a coating to protect the sandstone from the insects , which can damage masonry .
The hive has been sent to local beekeepers in an attempt to identify the type of insect that made them .
It is hoped the bees will return once the renovation works are complete .
Several unusual findings have been made during the project , including two skeletons .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wild animals to be banned from travelling circuses
Elephants , tigers and other wild animals will be banned from the family circuses under new animal welfare rules .
Widespread outrage at the use of animals will see the family circus tamed .
Only domesticated animals , such as rabbits , cats and dogs , will be allowed to be used in live performances .
A public consultation by the government found a massive 94.5 per cent of people opposed the use of animals including tigers , elephants and kangaroos in performances .
Fearsome display : Askold Zapashny of the Zapashny Brothersí circus rides a lion in St Petersburg , Russia .
Such displays will be banned in the UK
Other animals used by circuses in England including lions , zebras , camels , llamas , reindeer , crocodiles and snakes , will all need to be rehomed , possibly in zoos and wildlife parks .
Jim Fitzpatrick , Animal Welfare Minister , said : ‘ I agree with the clear view emerging from the huge response to the government ’s consultation that keeping wild animals to perform in travelling circuses is no longer acceptable .
So , I am minded to pursue a ban on the use of these animals in circuses .
‘ We also want to make sure that circus animals are well looked after once they stop performing .
Nobody wants to see them simply destroyed , and we will work with all concerned to secure a future for these animals . ’
A massive public consultation on the use of animals was launched in December 21 and closed last week , attracting nearly 13,000 responses .
It proposed a complete ban , a regulatory system or more checks on wild animals .
Most respondents wanted a complete ban and a majority thought circuses should be given six months or less to rehome their animals .
Most wanted inspectors to give circuses spot checks to ensure they were not mistreating animals .
Banned : Artists of The Casselly perform during the International Circus Festival of Monte Carlo in Monaco on elephants
Keeping animals caged and subjecting them to cruel training regimes were top of people ’s concerns .
Most people thought it was unnatural for wild animals to be made to perform tricks .
Other countries including Bolivia and Greece have already banned the use of wild animals .
The circuses surveyed argued that it would be stressful to remove an animal once it had been born and bred in a circus environment .
The Animal Welfare
Act which applies to England only will need to be overhauled before any new rules can come through , which cannot happen before the general election .
But the message by Mr Fitzpatrick will appeal to millions of animal lovers in Britain ahead of the general election .
The RSPCA said it was delighted with the proposed ban .
Wildlife scientist Dr Ros Clubb said : ‘ Circuses are clearly no place for wild animals .
' Confining animals like elephants to beast - wagons and cramped temporary cages , transporting them from site to site and exposing them to abnormal social groups and noisy conditions all add up to a recipe for poor animal welfare .
Watching animals perform unnatural tricks also does nothing to educate the public or promote compassion for animals .
‘ I hope this brilliant response to Defra ’s consultation is the start of a journey that will finally bring an end to this unnecessary animal suffering ’.
Larry Hryb , Director of Programming for Microsoft's Xbox LIVE online gaming network , has had his Xbox LIVE profile hacked .
Warning : NSFW language ahead .
Known by his gamertag Major Nelson , Hryb was part of the Xbox 360 launch team and was one of the first game execs to have a regular podcast and blog .
Advertisement
In his LIVE account , his bio info ( Name , Location ) and the speech bubble appear to be hacked .
The hacker have been writing various messages on Major Nelson 's account :
Advertisement
Kotaku is confirming with Microsoft whether Hryb has been informed of this hack and what further steps will be taken .
Website lightzz.com is claiming responsibility for the hack and has put up a YouTube video of his handiwork as well as his Skype name ( Roid - Monkey ) and is even offering to hack other players ' accounts for US$ 60 .
Whether or not that means the accounts of other Xbox LIVE users are vulnerable to a possible exploit in Xbox LIVE accounts remains to be seen .
Advertisement
Sixty dollars to hack people 's accounts ?
This appears to be a new cottage industry .
Update : " I have control of the account , " Hryb tells Kotaku .
" The enforcement team took care of it . "
According to the Director of Policy and Enforcement for Xbox LIVE Stephen Toulouse ( via Twitter ) , the hack looks like it was " very specific " and " very targeted " to Hryb 's account .
Toulouse is investigating the matter further .
For Possession of Manga
Christopher Handley was sentenced Wednesday to six months in the federal prison system for “ possession of obscene visual representations of the sexual abuse of children , ” ( i.e. , manga ) .
The judge asked that the “ Defendant be considered for placement at a community correctional facility or if that is not available , placement at a medical security facility so that Defendant ’s medical needs can be adequately met . ”
The jail time will be followed by three years of supervised release on that count .
During the supervised release Handley is to participate in a treatment program to include psychological testing and a polygraph examination .
Handley was sentenced to five years of probation on the “ mailing obscene matter ” count , which will run concurrently with the supervised release to the degree the sentences overlap .
The sentence also included a $ 200 forfeiture , and the forfeiture of the manga and the computer used to order them .
The elements above were all agreed to by the defense and the prosecution and presented to the judge as a joint sentencing recommendation ( see “ Possible Sentencing Deal in Handley Case ” ) .
There was no requirement in the sentence issued by the judge that Handley register as a sex offender , nor was there a requirement in the sentence that he stay away from children .
Three counts were dismissed at the request of the prosecution based on the plea agreement ( see “ Handley Pleads Guilty ” ) .
The U.S. Attorney described Handley in his sentencing brief in a way that could probably describe many manga fans .
“ His primary means of social interaction with others has not been involvement in the community , but has been playing online role - playing games , ” the brief said of Handley .
“ Mr. Handley recognizes that these hobbies have been a compulsion , causing him to incur ‘ significant debt from buying various Japanese art forms ’ and ‘ upgrading his computer system . ’”
The sentencing brief also described the results of a psychological exam of Handley .
The prosecution ’s sentencing brief also listed the seven manga that were in the package intercepted by the postal inspector :
Book 1 ) “ unfinished school girl ” ( presented by TAMACHI YUKI ) ( LE Comics ) ;
Book 2 ) “ I ! DOLL ” ( MAKAFUSIGI presents ) ( Seraphim Comics ) ;
Book 3 ) “ for ESSENTIAL 3 " ( THE ANIMAL SEX ANTHOLOGY Vol.3 ) ( Izumi Comics ) ;
Book 4 ) “ NEKOGEN , Neighboring House Family ” ( MD Comics ) ;
Book 5 ) ISBN4-89465-172-6
( No English language title found ) ( Seraphim Comics ) ;
Book 6 ) ISBN4-89465-222-6
( No English language title found ) ( Seraphim Comics ) ; and
Book 7 ) ISBN4-89465-193-9 ( No English language title found ) ( Seraphim Comics ) .
The prosecution argued that comics were worthy of the same prosecution as real depictions of sex acts involving children :
“ Some may argue that the crime at issue is not serious because no real children were involved .
Such a viewpoint is short - sighted because it gives little weight to the nature of obscenity crimes , in general , and to the specific images involved in this case .
A picture , proverbially , paints a thousand words , and there is no doubt that comic books , graphic novels , and works of manga and anime have a powerful ability to communicate through their use of dramatic imagery .
Since the 1960s , the genre of comic books has been transformed from a target market of younger customers to a broad , word - wide market aimed at older , more mature consumers .
The ground - breaking graphic novel , Watchmen , by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons was even named by Time magazine of one of its top 100 novels of the 20th century .
The power of the illustrated story should not be short - changed . ”
The prosecution notes , as the defense does in its brief , that there are no analogous cases to use for sentencing guidance because is the first time that comics ( or other not - real depictions ) have been prosecuted as a federal crime under the new statute .
The defense counsel ’s brief noted that no actual pornography was found in Handley ’s home or on his computer , and that the lolicon material was “ only a minute portion of his entire collection , which consisted of tens of thousands of manga and anime , representing all genres of the art form . ”
The defense said that Handley was aware of a recent Supreme Court decision .
“ He did n’t know that these books were illegal — they were just drawings , after all , and the Supreme Court had recently held a statute outlawing “ virtual ” child pornography to violate the Constitution , a fact of which Mr. Handley was aware , ” the brief said .
Handley did not know , however , that Congress had passed another law banning the same materials after that decision , which it deemed more likely to pass constitutional muster .
Since this case was pleaded out , we wo n’t know whether that ’s the case until a defendant willing to take the matter to trial is charged .
In addition to the legal and other arguments the defense made in its brief , it also provided a group of character references of Handley .
We ’ll wrap up our account of this sad day with the final paragraphs of the letter from Michael Snavely , Sr. , a friend of Handley’s .
“ Regarding this case , I am personally unable to understand the reasoning and justice behind the criminalization of the act of reading a comic book that contains objectionable sexual material .
This is especially hard to understand when other more heinous material permeates our society and has not been criminalized .
“ Murder , for instance , is glorified and portrayed with real humans in movies .
If it is true that a person is likely to commit the crime of child molestation merely because that person has been looking at drawings depicting that act then why is it not a crime to watch movies or look at drawings of murder ?
Murder is considered a more serious crime , is it not ?
I fail to see the reasoning behind the criminalization of the lesser and not the more serious .
“ It is therefore my opinion that Chris has once again taken responsibility for an act even when the criminality of that act could not have been known to anyone not in the legal profession .
How is one to know whether or not a particular drawing is obscene ?
Who determines what obscene is ?
The term would surely vary depending on region and religious upbringing of the people attempting to define it .
“ I am truly sorry that Chris has been the victim of such a pitiful legal defense and lawmakers attempting to legislate morality .
It is my hope that you will also see the injustice of this situation .
I fully trust and expect you to carry out your responsibility to ‘ we the people ’ and do what is right . ”
1985 : Symbolics , a Massachusetts computer company , registers symbolics.com , the internet 's first domain name .
The market for these unique addresses would not heat up for years , but this click heard ' round the world would eventually provide just about anyone a place in cyberspace to call their own .
Owning your own domain is nothing to brag about anymore , while trying to get one that resembles your name or something personally meaningful has become an exercise in futility .
But a quarter of a century ago , when Symbolics took the first step , there was barely an internet – it was years before the world wide web and graphical web browsers .
In those early days , even before AOL , the internet was a noncommercial medium that only eggheads and propellerheads used .
It was more of a military and academic tool than today 's vast playground , time suck and , for some , golden goose now central to everyone 's waking moments .
Back in 1985 , nobody thought to register , say , sex.com , the most expensive domain ever .
It was bought from Network Solutions in 1994 and changed hands in 2006 for a reputed $ 14 million , and it goes on the auction block later this week to the highest bidder , starting at $ 1 million .
The entire cybersquatting era was a decade away , as was the rush to acquire a personal domain to customize and control e-mail and to make blogs memorable in name , if not in content .
Nobody seemed in a terrible hurry to get a domain ; only five were registered in all of 1985 .
As you 'd expect , the first 100 are packed with computer companies .
Apple registered its namesake , the 64th domain , on Feb 19 , 1987 .
Microsoft waited until 1991 to buy theirs .
IBM and Sun registered on the same March day in 1986 , the same year Intel and AMD joined the cool crowd .
That was 14 months ahead of even Cisco Systems , whose tag line in the future would be : " Empowering the Internet generation . "
No , none of these obvious suspects were first , or particularly early adopters .
In fairness , Symbolics was not exactly chopped liver ; it was a member of the legendary Route 128 corridor of high - tech firms that fueled the Massachusetts Miracle ( no , not the election of Scott Brown ) .
That remarkable stretch of economic power catapulted Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis into a dismal 1988 Democratic presidential candidacy , and then exile to obscurity – which is similar to Symbolics ' trajectory .
But the company 's place in history is well - deserved .
Symbolics was conceived at the MIT Artificial Intelligence lab , the renown academic incubator .
One employee , a former member of the lab , created the LISP machine – the world 's first workstation , before that term was even invented .
Symbolics was best - known for developing what was thought at the time to be the best computing platform for developing AI software .
This was during a lush , Darpa - funded renaissance for the sexy - sounding , yet broadly - defined technology .
Others know Symbolics for its software , which , among other things , was used to create some scenes in Star Trek III : The Search for Spock .
By 1985 Symbolics was marketing its fifth - generation 3600 series of LISP workstations and , in a era bedazzled by the prospects for AI , was riding high .
Things then turned south .
Born between two AI winters , Symbolics went into a freefall : Founders were fired , buyers panicked , real estate investments turned bad and the inexorable march of the PC trampled it into near oblivion .
Symbolics still exists , but in a very diminished capacity – and at an entirely new ( and less snazzy ) address : symbolics - dks.com .
Last August , symbolics.com changed hands for the first time , bought by a domain - aggregation company whose owner was five years old when the address was first registered .
The site now hosts the personal blog of Aron Meystedt , who owns both XF.com and his trophy domain .
Everyone and his sister now owns a domain , or has personalized space on someone else's .
Facebook alone has more than 400 million members , and each one of them can have a vanity address .
Even if you do n't have or share one , chances are you work somewhere with a storefront on the internet that has a " .com " after its name .
But on this day in 1985 , very few people could make even that claim .
Source : Various
* Photo : Symbolics 3640 LISP machine
Michael L. Umbricht and Carl R. Friend / Retro-Computing Society of RI
*
See Also :
Un juez cívico en el municipio de San Juan del Río , Querétaro , fue destituido porque ordenó a un menor de edad acusado de hacer graffiti , que se bajara los pantalones para rayarle los glúteos .
Fernando Pérez Hurtado fue destituido por abuso de autoridad en contra de un menor en castigo por grafitear muros en la zona urbana de esa demarcación .
Mientras que en dicho Estado delitos como la pornografía infantil e incluso el tráfico de personas no son considerados como delito grave , no así con el graffiti , que se contempla dentro del código penal del Estado .
“ No lo trató bien , y menos si eres un juez cívico , él no es nadie para juzgarlo y sobajarlo , en cuanto yo me enteré inmediatamente lo destituí y no tuve ni siquiera que hablar con él ” , dijo el alcalde Gustavo Nieto .
El menor fue sorprendido por policías cuando pintaba viviendas , por lo que fue remitido ante el juzgado cívico municipal para que el juez Pérez Hurtado le impusiera una sanción económica que habría de ser pagada por los padres del menor , pero ordenó al menor bajarse los pantalones para pintarle los glúteos .
En Querétaro , cuando una persona es sorprendida cometiendo el delito de graffiti , pueden ser enviados a prisión por un periodo de 6 meses a 3 años .
IOWA CITY , Iowa ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama dared Republicans on Thursday to try to repeal his newly signed healthcare law but warned their effort would backfire as he touted the benefits of the massive overhaul .
President Barack Obama signs the health insurance reform bill during a ceremony in the East Room of the White House in Washington , March 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
“ If they want to have that fight , we can have it , ” Obama told a university crowd in Iowa two days after putting his name on the most sweeping change in U.S. social policy in decades .
“ I do n’t believe the American people are going to put the insurance industry back in the driver ’s seat .
We ’ve been there already .
We ’re not going back , ” he said .
Taking his public relations blitz on the road as he seeks to overcome public doubts , Obama held a campaign - style rally at the University of Iowa Field House in Iowa City .
In the face of opinion polls showing the American public divided about the healthcare law , Obama and fellow Democrats are mounting an aggressive effort to gain credit for passage of the overhaul and to put Republicans on the defensive .
Obama first announced his healthcare plan in Iowa City in May 2007 , launching a drive that aides say led to the bill passed by the House of Representatives and signed into law this week .
Republicans , who unanimously opposed the bill , have vowed to make repealing it a major issue in congressional elections in November .
“ Well , I say go for it , ” Obama said , goading his critics .
“ If these congressmen in Washington want to come here to Iowa and tell small business owners that they plan to take away their tax credits and essentially raise their taxes , be my guest . ”
Designed to revamp the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare industry , which accounts for one - sixth of the country ’s economy , the law will extend health insurance to 32 million Americans who lack it .
It will bar practices like insurers ’ refusing coverage to people with pre-existing medical conditions , expand the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor and impose new taxes on the wealthy .
Obama acknowledged the bill was “ not perfect ” but listed what he saw as numerous benefits such as tax breaks to help Americans buy coverage .
‘ BIRDS WERE CHIRPING ’
Looking relaxed and upbeat , he mocked Republicans for acting as if the bill would lead to “ Armageddon . ”
“ After I signed the bill , I looked around to see if there were any asteroids falling , some cracks opening up in the earth , ” Obama said , adding it turned out to be a nice day and “ birds were chirping , folks were strolling down the mall . ”
Republicans are seeking to reduce or reverse Democrats ’ big majorities in both houses of Congress in November ’s elections .
The Senate on Thursday approved a package of final changes to the healthcare bill that must be approved again by the House after the Senate parliamentarian cut two minor provisions .
Speaking to reporters on Air Force
One en route to Iowa , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs brushed aside complaints from two big manufacturers , Deere & Co and Caterpillar Inc , that healthcare reform would cost them hundreds of millions of dollars .
Gibbs said the healthcare law simply closed an accounting loophole that had been giving them a subsidy .
Support for the law seems to be growing , according to a poll released by Quinnipiac University on Thursday .
Before the House passed the bill , 54 percent of Americans surveyed disapproved of it , while 36 percent supported it , the poll found .
After the vote , the disapproval rating dropped to 49 percent versus 40 percent .
Princess Quest , A Flash Fiction By John McDonnell
It had been blazing hot all morning , and Princess Meredith was perspiring when she came around a bend on the mountain pa ...
Ladies And Gentlemen . . .
Larry The Alien By John McDonnell Dolores lost no time when she discovered that Larry had a set of pipes like an extraterrestrial Tony Bennett .
She bullie ...
Do Aliens Facebook ?
By John McDonnell
“ An old girlfriend looked me up on Facebook , ” Murphy said .
He was tending bar , and the blue slanting rays of the TV sc ...
Get Your Red Hot Quotes Here !
It 's a new year and one thing I always do at the start of a new year is make resolutions and try to make improvements in my life .
It alw ...
Hemingway And The Iceberg Theory Ernest Hemingway was a powerful influence on me as a young writer .
I still believe in his " iceberg theory " , which he described as : ...
Rüttgers legt sich mit Bloggern an Peter Mühlbauer
Mit einer Strafanzeige will die nordrhein - westfälische CDU " verhindern , dass illegal ausgespähte Daten zum Gegenstand von Wahlkampfauseinandersetzungen zwischen Parteien werden "
Vor der letzten Bundestagswahl war es vor allem die SPD , die ( unter anderem durch ihre Zustimmung zum Netzsperren - Gesetz ) den Zorn der Blogger auf sich zog .
Später entwickelte sich dann " FDP - Bashing " zum neuen " Trendsport " .
Und nun sieht es so aus , als ob die seit den Ressortwechseln von Wolfgang Schäuble und Ursula von der Leyen lange vernachlässigte CDU wieder etwas Aufmerksamkeitsboden im Internet wettmachen könnte .
Anlass dafür ist eine von der Partei gestellte Anzeige wegen " Ausspähens von Daten " , strafbar nach § 202a StGB .
Zwar richtet sich die Anzeige offiziell gegen unbekannt - aber in begleitenden Äußerungen nannte der Medienminister und designierte Generalsekretär Andreas Krautscheid die Blogs Wir in NRW und Ruhrbarone .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
‘ Purpose : to build a free multilingual font to bring better typography to thousands of languages around the globe .
I can think of no higher calling . ’
‘... an interesting blend of economical use of space , a serious tone of voice and a modern informal dress code . ’
‘ Beautiful - a wonderful way to make knowledge look great !
Open - source fonts are a gift to humanity . ’
‘ I ’ve been enamored of the Greek alphabet for years , but with Gentium , every now and then I just stop and look at a word and think , “ lovely ” . ’
Scientists from the U.S. Department of Energy 's Argonne National Laboratory and the University of Chicago Medical Center are shaking up the world of materials science and cancer research on the cover of the February 2010 issue of the journal Nature Materials .
Brain cancer is notoriously difficult to treat with standard cancer - fighting methods , so scientists have been looking outside standard medicine and into nanomaterials as a treatment alternative .
" Our mission is to develop advanced ' smart ' materials with unique properties , " said Elena Rozhkova , a nanoscientist with Argonne 's Center for Nanoscale Materials .
" These efforts are directed to the improvement of the national quality of life , including creating novel medical technologies . "
A team of scientists , including Rozhkova , Dong - Hyum Kim , Valentyn Novosad , Tijana Rajh and Samuel Bader from Argonne , and Maciej Lesniak and Ilya Ulasov from the University of Chicago Brain Tumor Center , developed a technique that uses gold - plated iron - nickel microdiscs connected to brain - cancer - seeking antibodies to fight cancer .
The microdiscs are an example of a nanomagnetic material and can be used to probe cell mechanics and activate mechanosensitive ion channels , as well as to advance cancer therapies .
The discs posses a spin-vortex ground state and sit dormant on the cancer cell until a small alternating magnetic field is applied and the vortices shift , creating an oscillation .
The energy from the oscillation is transferred to the cell and triggers apoptosis , or " cell suicide . "
Since the antibodies are attracted only to brain cancer cells , the process leaves surrounding healthy cells unharmed .
This makes them unlike traditional cancer treatment methods , such as chemotherapy and radiation , which negatively affect both cancer and normal healthy cells .
" We are very excited about this melding of materials and life sciences , but we are still in the very early research stages , " materials scientist Valentyn Novosad said .
" We are planning to begin testing in animals soon , but we are several years away from human trials .
Everything is still experimental . "
Along with continued testing and research of the treatment , scientists also have to examine any possible side effects that have been so far unseen in the laboratory .
" The use of nanomaterials for cancer treatment is not a new concept , but the ability to kill the cells without harming surrounding healthy cells has incredible potential , " Rozhkova said .
" Such a topic can only be approached with the expertise of markedly differing disciplines such as physics , chemistry , biology and nanotechnology and can make a great impact in important areas of science and modern advanced technologies . "
Claim : Monkee Mike Nesmith ’s mother was the inventor of Liquid Paper correction fluid .
TRUE
Origins : Bette Nesmith Graham
Bette Nesmith and young Michael
( she was divorced from Michael ’s father in 1946 and remarried in 1964 ) came up with the idea of using a small bottle of tempera waterbase paint to correct her typing errors while she was an executive secretary with Texas Bank & Trust in Dallas in 1951 .
She supplied bottles of the fluid to other secretaries at her workplace ( under the name “ Mistake Out ” ) for several years ; then , in 1956 , she improved the formula , changed its name to “ Liquid Paper , ” and set out to trademark the name and patent her product .
After IBM passed on her offer to sell Liquid Paper to them , Bette started marketing the product on her own .
Liquid Paper , Inc. , did not become profitable for several years , and it was not until the mid-1960s that Liquid Paper correction fluid began to generate substantial income for its inventor .
Liquid Paper was sold to the Gillette Corporation in 1979 for $ 47.5 million ( plus a royalty on every bottle sold until the year 2000 ) .
Bette Nesmith Graham died in 1980 , leaving half her fortune to her son Michael and half to philanthropic organizations .
Last updated : 19 May 2011
Sources :
Today i found an article on Images with Overlay caption while reading feed of queness .
Moreover , I previosly did one article on Lightest content slider ever which was really cool .
Now , today i tried mixing these two tutorials and made one .
That means I found the easy and light image slider .
Pretty interesting , isnt it ?
So without wasting much time , lets start .
Here is the DEMO
The trick is simple , I just filled div mystuff with content inside div wrapper and tweaked little CSS of mystuff class .
Here is the html place it inside your body tag of your web page :
< div id =" button " > </div > <!-- end of div button --> < div class= " clear " ></div > < div id =" myslide " > < div class= " cover " > < div class = " mystuff " > < img src='wolf.jpg ' /> < div class=' description '> < p class='description_content '>
This is image one .
The pack , the basic unit of wolf social life , is usually a family group .
It is made up of animals related to each other by blood and family ties of affection and mutual aid .
< div id =" g38g49l43s28t33 " >< div
>
Which was changed by the demand for tadalafil can be described as decision to do so in the future .
Ultime news commenta i nostri articoli < a href = " https://italiapharmacia24.com/ordina-levitra-generico-senza-ricetta/ ">Levitra</a> potrete trovare una serie il migliore tra viagra levitra cialis di metodi per migliorare .
</div></div> </ p> </div> </div > < div class = " mystuff " > < img src='wolf1.jpg ' /> < div class=' description '> < p class='description_content '>
This is image two .
The basic unit of wolf social life , is usually a family group .
It is made up of animals related to each other by blood and family ties of affection and mutual aid .
</ p> </div> </div > < div class = " mystuff " > < img src='wolf2.jpg ' /> < div class=' description '> < p class='description_content '>
This is image three .
The basic unit of wolf social life , is usually a family group .
It is made up of animals related to each other by blood and family ties of affection and mutual aid .
</ p> </div> </div> </div > <!-- end of div cover --> </div> <!-- end of div myslide -->
Here is the CSS ( little tweaked ) , Place it inside your stylesheet :
#myslide { width : 425 px ; overflow : hidden ; position : relative ; height : 276px ; margin - bottom : 20 px } #myslide .cover { width : 1275 px ; /*------- class mystuff width * number of mystuff divs ( 425 * 3 = 480 )---------- */ position : absolute ; height : 276px ; } #myslide .mystuff { width : 425 px ; float : left ; padding : 20px 0 ; } . button1 , .button2 , .button3 { background : # 999 ; padding : 6 px ; display : block ; float : left ; margin - right : 5 px ; } .active { background : # 111 ; padding : 6 px ; display : block ; float : left ; outline : none ; } .clear { clear : both ; } div.description { position : absolute ; /* absolute position ( so we can position it where we want ) */ bottom : 0 px ; /* position will be on bottom */ width : 425 px ; /* styling bellow */ background - color : black ; font - family : ' tahoma ' ; font - size : 15 px ; color : white ; opacity : 0.6 ; /* transparency */ filter : alpha ( opacity = 60 ) ; /* IE transparency */ } p .description_content { padding : 10 px ; margin : 0 px ; }
And here is the script part .
Palace it inside script tag :
Check out the DEMO how it comes .
All Done !
Cheers !
Oops .
Scott Brown voted the wrong way on the Senate jobs bill , and now he has tea party heartache .
Great .
Another marxist .
Case closed .
Thanks , Scott .
Guess we ’ll have to wait another 6 years to find a real Conservative to fill the dead kennedy ’s seat .
( Hat tip : cronus . )
UPDATE at 2/22/10 7:16:07 pm :
Scott Brown was actually the first Senator to vote for the bill .
As soon as the vote was called , he strode quickly into the well and interrupted the clerk as he read the roll .
“ Yes , ” Brown said quietly , and then , having become Reid ’s first vote , he rushed out of the room before Republican colleagues arrived .
He stepped into the hallway , then waited for reporters to assemble around him .
“ I ’m not from around here , ” he said .
“ I ’m from Massachusetts . ”
If you did buy network marketing leads before and tried calling them , you know that it can be pretty disappointing to say the least .
With the evolution of internet marketing and the popularity of all the social sites , buying leads has already become a thing of the past .
The idea behind buying network marketing leads is very obvious .
You buy information ( name , email address ) about potential clients that have opted in somewhere to get more information about for example , working from home and so on …
These days , there are a lot of smarter ways of getting leads and buying them is not part of it .
There are a lot of reasons why you should NOT buy network marketing leads .
It is a total waste of your time AND money simply because of the following 3 reasons .
# 1 . They Have No Idea Who You Are .
Calling a stranger whose name and number you have purchased off of someone else will be , 99 % of the time , useless .
The people you will call will have no idea why you are calling them and what you are talking about .
# 2. Dead -Beat Leads
When a person fills out their contact information online hoping to win some contest for for example , they will be very hard to convince to join in any serious business .
Calling the numbers you have purchases one by one will be a very tedious task – you have to find out for yourself if they are really qualified to join your business , spend long hours over the phone with people who might at the end have no interest in joining your business at all .
# 3 . You Should Know How To Handle The Conversation
If you are calling strangers over the phone to get them to join your business , make sure that you have the skills good enough to close them right there and then or else you are wasting your time .
You should have great persuading skills and you should not lose that person in the middle of the conversation .
But if you do not have such skills , you have a problem .
The best resource I have found about to learn this type of skills is Black Belt Recruiting by Mike Dillard and Mark Wieser .
Here you learn how to select the people you want to work with … and who not .
It is a high level network marketing recruiting course .
The list could go on , but you see , there are a lot of problems that comes along when you buy network marketing leads from others .
The solution is to create your own !
That way , you would n’t have to go through all the hassle of manually calling people with minimal assurance of getting them to join you .
Quit buying leads and engage in the activity of generating your own .
When you finally decide not to buy network marketing leads and generate lots on your own instead , you will realize that they will be more fun to work with since they will be the ones contacting you and you are assured of their qualifications .
Personally I believe that lead generation is the biggest problem 99 % of online network marketers face .
I have struggled with it for years !
When you are open to solutions I really want to introduce you to the system that has solved that problem for me .
Maybe you have heard from it … maybe not … it is
The 7 Figure Networker System .
The moment I started to study and to follow this system I started slowly but steadily generating my own leads .
In the beginning only 1 each two days , then 1 per day , 2 per day , 5 per day , and so on …
Once you understand how this system works you ’ll generate as many leads you want and you ’ll NEVER consider to buy network marketing leads again .
For more great internet marketing information in the future you can leave your name and email address in the boxes below .
To Your Success ,
Elmar Sandyck
Infowars.com
March 29 , 2010
From the Associated Press :
State investigators say the husband of former state Senator Nancy Schaefer shot his wife before turning the gun on himself .
The couple ’s bodies were found in their north Georgia home Friday .
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation conducted autopsies on the Schaefer ’s Saturday — investigators say all evidence points to the deaths as a murder - suicide .
The bodies of Nancy and Bruce Schaefer , 73 and 74 years old respectively , were found by their daughter at the couple ’s home in Clarkesville .
Nancy Schaefer was a two - term state Senator representing Georgia ’s 50th district .
She lost her seat in 2008 .
Schaefer was also a candidate for mayor of Atlanta , Georgia lieutenant governor and governor of the state .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
The corporate media does not bother to mention that Schaefer exposed the abuses of CPS and the international child sex slavery ring .
“ Investigators told the Associated Press they believe Bruce Schaefer , 74 , shot his wife once in the back while she slept in the bedroom early Friday morning and then shot himself in the head .
Police found a handgun near his body and several letters written to family members , including a suicide note , ” reports the Associated Baptist Press .
Other reports indicate Bruce Schaefer shot himself in the chest .
People who commit suicide usually shoot themselves in the head .
“ Contrary to early reports that Bruce Schaefer had cancer , the Gainesville Times reported March 27 that the couple ’s daughter , who discovered the bodies , told the local sheriff her father was not suffering from any serious illness at the time of the shootings .
Habersham County Sheriff Joey Terrell said some of the letters mentioned serious financial problems and speculated that might have been a motive , ” Associated Baptist Press also reported .
Appearing on the Alex Jones Show last May , Schaefer detailed how CPS is involved in child trafficking rings ( see video below ) .
After watching Schaefer ’s interview with Jones , if you think Schaefer was involved in a suicide pact with her husband , you may also be interested in a famous bridge for sale in Brooklyn .
Nancy Schaefer exposes the EVIL CPS
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Most companies , when they go to the enormous expense of designing a complex chip , tell everyone about it .
Even a company like Sun or IBM , whose chips are used only in their own computers , unveil the details of their new processors well before products based on those new parts come to market .
This is true for game consoles , for SoCs of all flavors , for PC chips , and for most of the rest of the semiconductor industry .
It 's not , however , true for Apple .
Since the unveiling of the iPad last month , all the public has learned about the application processor that powers the device is a two - letter name : A4 .
The rest of the details have been treated as Top Secret , and this secrecy has stoked plenty of speculation , some of it reasonable and some of it completely and totally unhinged .
Why has Apple been so secretive about the A4 ?
Why has n't the company presented a paper on the device at ISSCC , or published a whitepaper ?
I do n't know the answer to these questions , but given what I do know about the A4 , I suspect that the reason is twofold .
First — and this is purely my supposition — Steve Jobs just loves secrets .
The A4 no doubt gives him that special , " I have my very own custom SoC that you do n't know anything about " feeling , and if we 're honest with ourselves , would n't we all love to know what it 's like to have that feeling ?
I know I would .
The second , and perhaps most likely reason behind Apple 's silence , is that the A4 just is n't anything to write home about — and on this second point , I actually know a thing or two .
If Apple were to tell you what 's in the A4 , most of the focus would be on what the chip is not , rather than on what the iPad is .
Meet the A4
As I watched the videos and read the reports of the iPad in action at the launch event , I was thoroughly convinced that the device was built on the out - of - order Cortex A9 , possibly even a dual - core version .
But it turns out that the the A4 is a 1GHz custom SoC with a single Cortex A8 core and a PowerVR SGX GPU .
The fact that A4 uses a single A8 core has n't been made public , but I 've heard from multiple sources who are certain for different reasons that this is indeed the case .
( I wish I could be more specific , but I can 't . )
In all , the A4 is quite comparable to the other Cortex A8 - based SoCs that are coming onto the market , except that the A4 has even less hardware .
The iPad does n't have much in the way of I/O , so the A4 itself can do away with the I/ O that it does n't need .
In contrast , the typical Cortex A8 - based SoC has more I / O hardware than a mobile phone can use , because you never know what customers will need which interface types .
For instance , an A8 - based SoC like the Freescale i.MX51 shown above has an infrared block , three UART blocks for serial communication ( RS232 and the like ) , four USB blocks , and a keypad controller , to name just a few .
Of these , the iPad probably needs only one USB port and one UART for serial connections , both of which are wired to the 30 - pin connector ( assuming that this is the same 30 - pin connector as the iPhone ) .
The multitouch input controller will interface with the chip via either a USB port or a serial port ( I looked at the datasheet for the STM32TS60 , which can do either USB or serial ) , so perhaps there 's another port for that purpose .
Apple 's 30 - pin connector supports TV - out , but no external display attachment has been announced for the device , so it 's possible that the SoC forgoes the common TV - out I/O block and related support for a secondary display .
( It has video out .
Apologies for missing this detail . )
Another common SoC set of blocks that the A4 probably does without are related to still and video camera support .
Apple 's iPad may well be the only Cortex A8 - device to come to market without any type of camera built in , so Apple has probably ditched some dedicated image processing blocks .
While it 's fun to speculate about what Apple did n't include in the A4 , the ultimate point is this : with one 30 - pin connector on the bottom and no integrated camera of any kind , the A4 needs a lot less in the way of I/O support than comparable chips that are intended for smartphones or smartbooks .
This means that the A4 is just a GPU , a CPU , memory interface block ( NAND and DDR ) , possibly security hardware , system hardware , and a few I /O controllers .
It 's lean and mean to a degree that is n't possible with an off - the - shelf SoC .
What was the role of P.A. Semi ?
So if Apple just licensed the A8 and did n't design a custom CPU core , then what was the point of the P.A. Semi acquisition ?
The answer to this question is still unclear .
Apple bought P.A. Semi in late April 2008 .
A little over a year is n't near enough time to do a new core design around the ARM v7 architecture .
Something like Qualcomm's Scorpion core , which is a custom implementation of ARM v7 that 's comparable to the A8 , but with a wider SIMD engine and a deeper pipeline , was a multiyear project .
I could easily imagine that Apple is working on something comparable to Scorpion , but this would n't be ready for a while .
If they were involved at all in the A4 design , and it 's still not 100 percent clear that they were , it 's likely that the P.A.
Semi team made its biggest contribution to the A4 in the area of dynamic power optimization .
The PWRficient chip that the P.A. Semi team unveiled in late 2005 achieved miraculous levels of efficiency through pervasive use of power and clock gating .
Power gating is a relatively straightforward technique that involves shutting down the parts of a chip that are n't in use .
It 's harder to implement in practice than it sounds , though , because you have to divide the chip up into blocks that can be put to sleep and awakened independently .
You also have to size and arrange those blocks so that the extra delay involved in entering and exiting sleep states does n't screw up the chip 's overall timing .
These delay and timing issues make power gating hard to implement in high - speed processors , which is why the amount of power gating that the PWRficient processor used was remarkable for a high - performance processor .
Clock gating is the other technique that PWRficient used extensively , and it also comes with its own challenges .
The clock distribution network can account for up to half the dynamic power draw in a modern SoC .
Clock gating is a method for pruning the clock tree by cutting off the clock to parts of the chip that do n't need it at a particular moment .
The exact degree to which the A4 uses either of these two techniques wo n't be clear until Apple does a big reveal , and that may not ever happen .
But even if they 're not extensively used in the current A4 , these techniques are very likely to be a larger part of future iterations or variants of the processor .
Speaking of variants , it 's entirely possible that the majority of the P.A.
Semi team 's efforts are going not into an iPad chip , but into an SoC for the iPhone .
Because the iPad 's LCD is so large and its power draw so great relative to the other components , it 's hard to imagine that the A4 gives the iPad more than a few percent battery life advantage vs. a chip like the Snapdragon — in the grand scheme of things for a tablet device , the extra hardware that chips like the Snapdragon and the i.MX515 have on A4 probably does n't matter a whole lot .
But a chip that 's really aggressively optimized for the iPhone might give the phone a real battery life and performance advantage over the competition .
The iPad as Wii , or , " it 's the software , stupid "
In the end , I keep coming back to the idea that Apple has stayed quiet about the A4 because any real magic or " wow factor " that the iPad delivers will come from the software — the efficiency of the OS , the user interface design of the OS and apps , and the snappiness of the overall experience all come from the software team .
In this respect , the iPad is actually a lot like the Mac .
The Mac combines commodity hardware with great industrial design and a superior user experience .
The iPad aims to do the same , but under a new compute paradigm that replaces the venerable keyboard - and - monitor combo with a slate form factor , and the decades - old WIMP - based UI ( Windows Icons Menus Pointer ) with multitouch .
Perhaps an even better analogue for the iPad is Nintendo 's Wii , which is another product that relies for its success not on its processor , but on its novel interface and broadly accessible software .
I 'm sure that if the iPad can do for mobile computing what the Wii did for console gaming , Apple will consider it a resounding success .
Update : I thought I had checked thoroughly to ensure that there was n't an official announcement of video out support on the iPad , but I had n't .
So , yes , it has video out , and I should not have implied that this was somehow an unknown .
Receive one standard miniature of your choice , including those from Stretch Goals .
Increase pledge by $ 3 to include the Mod Kit for your selected miniature .
* Shipping will be charged separately via Backer Kit after the campaign ends
Less
GREAT FURNITURE DEAL -
The affordable way to shop for Furniture Online .
At GreatFurnitureDeal.com we specialize in quality name brand furniture at affordable prices .
We have a large selection of quality home furnishings at discount prices .
All furniture items are delivered directly to your home .
As a leading internet company , we allow you to safely shop the internet 's largest selection of sofas , sectionals , loveseats , chairs , and ottomans from the comfort of your own home .
All of our items ship FREE , so you do n’t have to worry about shipping charges .
The super low price you see is the price you pay .
We deliver quickly and effectively .
Most of our items ship out in 2 - 5 business days and are delivered in 1 - 3 weeks .
At our online furniture store you will find sectional sofas .
reclining sofas , fabric sofas , bedroom furniture , kids furniture , coffee tables , home furniture , kitchen furniture , kids bedroom furniture , end tables , and more .
Game development often lasts for years .
And in that stretch of time , studios have their fair share of ups and downs .
From humorous game bugs to stress - relieving antics , Game Informer peers behind the curtain of game development .
In this Tidbits column , BioWare shares the stories behind the development of Dragon Age : Origins .
Dragon
Age had ‘ developer achievements ’ for all kinds of things , such as successfully crashing the game .
12,212 of those Achievements were awarded to developers during production of the game .
Dragon
Age contains 742,000 words of dialogue , and 202,000 words of non-conversational text that were translated into eight languages besides English – Czech , French , German , Hungarian , Italian , Polish , Russian , and Spanish .
Four of those other languages have their own voiceover , whereas the other four subtitle the English VO .
QA analyst Bruce Venne played 1,957.55 hours of Dragon Age PC in 5,352 games .
At the end of each month , an Achievement called ‘ The Bruce ’ would be awarded to people who played more hours than Bruce Venne that month .
It was awarded only once .
BioWare president Ray Muzyka got 134 developer Achievements across 385 hours of play PC and console builds of Dragon Age : Origins before release .
He crashed 35 times and filed 311 bugs .
Ray Muzyka likes to play mages .
Mike Laidlaw prefers dual - wielding rogues .
The in - game animation department used the same stunt actors that were used in the movie 300 for motion capture .
In - game animators ‘ larped ’ with wooden sticks for video reference .
Words of dialogue in Dragon Age : Origins : 790,856 ( The average novel has 80,000 – 100,000 words . )
Lines of character dialogue : 68,260 ( The average movie has 3,000 lines of dialogue . )
Lelianna 's Song was composed and recorded within 24 hours .
The Ogre was once affectionately known as Fluffy .
The Dragon Age team goes through 1,400 cups of espresso - sized coffees in a single week !
The orchestrated pieces in Dragon Age : Origins were performed by the Seattle North West Sinfonia .
The 44 - piece orchestra was recorded twice and melded together to form , in essence , an 88 - piece orchestra .
Chris Bleth was the woodwind soloist who has played on numerous Hollywood blockbusters like Up , Star Trek , X - Men Origins : Wolverine , Fast and the Furious .
The grey warden used in all of the promo trailers was created by the senior product manager and bears a striking resemblance to him .
A full - scale dwarven tavern and an 8 - foot - tall dragon were created for rabid trade show enthusiasts .
144 voice actors contributed to the English version of Dragon Age : Origins .
1,015,977 PC games played in the last 2.5 years of development totaling 8,145 days of runtime .
4,212 different crashes captured and fixed in the last year of development .
QA Analyst Mark Ramsden filed the most bugs ( 2,699 ) for a single user .
459 people at Bioware / EA played the game on 582 different computers in the last year before release .
234 different area layouts were used for or during the production of the game .
Number of unique icons created : approximately 1,400 .
Number of mini-maps ( including expansions ) : 182 .
The first creatures in the Dragon Age engine were the Ogre and the Human Male with Medium Armor .
There are over 1,600 inventory items in the Dragon Age universe so far .
There are over 3,200 creature / NPC appearances in the Dragon Age universe so far .
There are almost 1,600 faces in the Dragon Age universe so far .
There are over 20,000 models in the Dragon Age universe so far .
There are over 5,500 animations in the Dragon Age universe so far .
There are about 3,000 cutscenes in the Dragon Age universe so far .
Storm of the century was a result of maverick VFX lead breaking content lock permission .
There were nearly 3,000 individual props made for the game .
The lighting data for the game took our render farm two weeks to calculate .
54.1 hours of audio when played back - to - back .
Number of actors in game : 1,535 ( Head morphs )
Number of items : 1,463 .
Number of playable areas : 221 .
Number of unique creatures : 209 .
Complete pass on the game took over 90 hours by an experienced QA lead .
Record QA speed playthough was over 12 hours using cheats on skipping all dialogue .
One of our development staff creates chain mail from scratch .
For other Tidbits entries , click the desired game name : Mass Effect 2 , Shadow Complex , Borderlands , DJ Hero , Scribblenauts , LEGO Indiana Jones 2 , Prototype , Fallout 3 , Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 , Ghostbusters , Star Wars The Clone Wars : Republic Heroes , Overlord II , Batman : Arkham Asylum , Red Faction : Guerrilla
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Europe has demilitarized too much since the end of the Cold War and its underfunded defense budgets are undermining shared security goals , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Tuesday .
German Bundeswehr army soldiers of the Bravo platoon , 4th company , 391 mechanised infantry battalion of the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) march during a bridge reconstruction operation in Chahar Dara in the outskirts of Kunduz December 14 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Fabrizio Bensch ( AFGHANISTAN - Tags : MILITARY CONFLICT )
Gates , addressing a NATO seminar in Washington , said too few helicopters and cargo aircraft for the NATO mission in Afghanistan were “ directly impacting operations . ”
NATO also needed more aerial refueling tankers and surveillance aircraft .
“ Despite the need to spend more on vital equipment for ongoing missions , the alliance has been unwilling to fundamentally change how it sets priorities and allocates resources , ” Gates said .
“ We need to provide our troops in the field the resources they need and fund other urgent priorities , such as missile defense , ” Gates said .
The comments follow U.S. President Barack Obama ’s request earlier this month to Congress for a record $ 708 billion in U.S. defense spending for fiscal 2011 , including a hike for the Afghan war effort .
The unwillingness of European countries to fund defense was part of a trend in which large parts of the public and the political class there “ are averse to military force and the risks that go with it , ” Gates said .
“ The demilitarization of Europe ... has gone from a blessing in the 20th century to an impediment to achieving real security and lasting peace in the 21st , ” Gates said .
“ Not only can real or perceived weakness be a temptation to miscalculation and aggression , but , on a more basic level , the resulting funding and capability shortfalls make it difficult to operate and fight together to confront shared threats . ”
The NATO ’s 2010 budget shortfall has already reached hundreds of millions of euros , even though the year is less than two months old .
That , Gates said , was a “ natural consequence of having underinvested in collective defense for more than a decade . ”
“ Since the end of the Cold War , national defense budgets have fallen consistently -- even with unprecedented operations outside NATO ’s territory over the past five years , ” Gates said .
He said only five of 28 NATO allies met a defense spending target of 2 percent of gross domestic product .
Despite Obama ’s record spending request , Pentagon officials expect the U.S. defense budget to come under pressure in coming years as the United States looks trim its deficit .
Things might get tense in the green room next week at the Walter E Washington Convention Centre in Washington , DC .
Among the guest speakers at the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , or Aipac , will be both Hillary Clinton and Binyamin Netanyahu .
Normally the US secretary of state and Israel 's prime minister could be expected to engage in a mutual love - in .
But these are not normal times .
On Friday night Clinton surprised Netanyahu at home with a phone call that amounted to a 43 - minute bollocking .
Two days later President Obama 's senior adviser , David Axelrod , accused Israel of an " affront " and an " insult " to the United States .
No wonder Israel 's ambassador to the US – who himself had been summoned to the state department for a dressing down – reported that relations between the two countries had slumped to a 35 - year low .
What 's going on here between two nations normally seen as inseparable , allies so close their enemies depict them as a two - headed beast ?
The immediate cause of the fallout is the slap in the face Israel gave last week to the US vice - president , Joe Biden .
A lifelong friend who is proud to call himself a Zionist , Biden was in the country on a mission to make nice , giving Israel a warm embrace on the eve of a new round of indirect Israeli - Palestinian talks .
Biden 's welcome gift from the Israelis was an announcement of the planned construction of 1,600 housing units in the Ramat Shlomo neighbourhood of East Jerusalem – even though the US had sought a freeze on all such building in areas conquered by Israel in 1967 .
That this was a poke in America 's eye , few disputed .
Netanyahu insisted that stupidity , not malice , was to blame : a low - level planning committee had made the decision on technical grounds , no offence intended .
Biden responded by turning up 90 minutes late for dinner with Netanyahu and his wife , and delivering a ferocious statement of condemnation – but that seemed to be that .
Until Hillary picked up the phone .
Why would the Obama team have chosen to escalate a row they could easily have let fade away ?
" They were n't exactly looking for a fight , " says Daniel Levy , Middle East analyst of Washington 's New America Foundation , whose ear is close to the administration ground .
He notes that Obama is on the brink of passing healthcare reform – and hardly needs to distract attention from that most perilous of battles .
The danger will be more acute if pro-Israel Democrats make a " linkage " between the two issues , demanding that Obama lower the pressure on Israel in return for their votes on the health bill .
One explanation is the face - value one : that Obama was " incandescent with rage " at the one - fingered salute that greeted his deputy , and even more furious at Netanyahu 's subsequent attempts at an apology .
These insisted that Israel had every right to settle in East Jerusalem – but conceded that it was wrong to announce the fact while Biden was in town .
This emphasis on timing was , says Levy , tantamount to saying : " I 'm sorry I slapped you on Monday : next time , I promise , it wo n't be on a Monday . "
There are other explanations for the US decision to hit back hard .
One is that Obama is seizing on the Biden row to send a message to the Arab world : to show that he wo n't be pushed around by Israel .
This view has been given extra traction by a Foreign Policy article reporting that a team of senior officers from US Central Command recently briefed the top brass at the Pentagon , declaring that Israeli intransigence was damaging US standing in the region , and that Arab leaders now deemed the US too weak to stand up to its Israeli ally .
Just yesterday , in testimony before the Senate armed services committee , General David Petraeus , the commander of Centcom , echoed that message , arguing that the Israeli - Palestinian conflict posed a threat to America 's interests , that it " foments anti-American sentiment , due to a perception of US favoritism for Israel " , and that " anger over the Palestinian question " aided al - Qaida and other jihadist groups in their efforts to recruit support .
Such views have long been conventional wisdom among liberal critics of Israel , but to hear such talk out loud from America 's most senior soldier in the field is breathtaking .
Perhaps Obama has taken the Centcom warnings to heart and is trying to make amends .
He may have a darker purpose , hoping to notch up the first regime change of his presidency – by toppling Netanyahu .
That is not wholly fanciful .
The last time the US put such a serious squeeze on Israel was nearly 20 years ago , when the first George Bush threatened to withhold $ 10bn in loan guarantees to Israel if settlement building did not stop .
That led eventually to the removal of the stubborn Yitzhak Shamir as prime minister and his replacement by the peace - seeking Yitzhak Rabin .
Obama may be calculating that the same dynamic still holds today – that Israeli public opinion values good relations with the US above all else , and will cast aside any leader who gets on the wrong side of Washington .
If that is the plan , then the three demands laid down by Hillary to Bibi – the cancellation of the Ramat Shlomo construction ; a confidence - building gesture towards the Palestinians ; and talks on core , rather than technical , issues – are well aimed .
Just the first of those could bring down Bibi 's coalition .
Were he to surrender the principle that Israel is allowed to build where it likes in Jerusalem , his rightwing allies would bolt .
Inside the Likud , Netanyahu – who has always insisted that Jerusalem must for ever remain undivided and under Israeli control – would be discredited .
But the third demand is most intriguing .
Instead of using the Biden flap simply to assert his own macho credentials – " Do n't cross me " – Obama might be grasping hold of it as a rare chance to revive the near - dead peace process .
His critics say that Israel never responds to pressure , that it only makes compromises when it feels secure .
Only with the full backing of George W Bush did Ariel Sharon feel able to disengage from Gaza .
But the Bush Sr experience tells a different story : that it was US pressure which dragged Israel to the peace table in Madrid in 1991 , spawning the Oslo accords two years later .
With that precedent in mind , Obama could dispense with the endless talks about talks that were about to get under way , shifting the ground away from process and procedure – the terrain on which Bibi is most comfortable – and to substance instead .
He should do it , demanding both sides – Israeli and Palestinian – present their vision of the endgame , their statement of how they finally see this conflict being resolved .
It would have to cover everything , even the most difficult areas : borders , refugees , Jerusalem .
Netanyahu always says he is serious about peace .
This exercise would force him , and his Palestinian counterparts , to say how serious .
Then Obama should set out a vision of his own , including " bridging proposals " to close the gap between the two sides .
If he is going to spend political capital on a peace process , let it at least be spent on peace – not process .
Last week Israel slapped the US vice - president in the face .
Now there is a chance to make that the slap heard around the world – the one that jolts America awake .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
NEW YORK -- LaDainian Tomlinson is bolting for the Big Apple .
Tomlinson 's agent , Tom Condon , said Sunday that the New York Jets signed the former Chargers running back to a two - year contract .
The Jets confirmed that they have agreed to a deal , adding the aging star to the NFL 's top - ranked rushing offense last season .
A source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter that Tomlinson 's contract is for $ 5.1 million with an escalator that could boost it to $ 5.6 million .
" He wanted to go to a team that he thought had a chance to compete for the championship , " Condon told the AP .
" He wanted to go somewhere where he had a chance to have a significant role , and so with the Jets he also was going to be very familiar with the offensive system . "
The Jets reached the AFC Championship Game last season , eliminating Tomlinson and the Chargers along the way .
The 2006 NFL MVP , cut last month by San Diego , chose New York over Minnesota after visiting the Vikings on Thursday .
Tomlinson spent Friday with the Jets , capping it with dinner with coach Rex Ryan , general manager Mike Tannenbaum and other team officials .
The Jets went after Tomlinson hard even though he turns 31 in June , is coming off his least productive season and there are questions whether he has much left .
New York apparently still saw plenty to like from Tomlinson , who ranks eighth on the NFL 's career rushing list with 12,490 yards .
Once one of the NFL's most dynamic players , Tomlinson is expected to back up second - year running back Shonn Greene , who emerged in his rookie season and made Thomas Jones expendable .
Jones signed with Kansas City last week after running for a career - high 1,402 yards and 14 touchdowns .
Peaches Geldof has been axed as the " face and body " of underwear brand Ultimo following claims about her private life .
The company said it would be removing visuals of the 21 - year - old , who was appointed in May last year , from all shops and window displays .
In a statement , a spokeswoman for Miss Ultimo lingerie said : " We have been in meetings all morning with regards to the stories that have surfaced over the weekend about Peaches and unfortunately we have no option but to terminate her contract .
" Miss Ultimo is a brand geared towards a young female audience and as a company we have a social responsibility to ensure we are promoting only positive role models that young women can aspire to .
" We are thus in the process of removing Peaches from the website and we are working with Debenhams to remove her visuals from all Miss Ultimo shops and window displays throughout the UK . "
Michelle Mone , the founder of the brand , said : " We 've given this a lot of thought , but there 's a point where a business must stick to its principles and as a brand that targets young women , we feel it is impossible for Peaches to continue to work with us as the face of Miss Ultimo lingerie . "
The Miss Ultimo range is geared towards women aged 18 to 25 and has been stocked in Debenhams stores and online .
Geldof is thought to be currently in Los Angeles .
Her spokeswoman was not immediately available for comment .
OK , not really , but Canon was indeed giving out these novelty coffee mugs -- in the shape of an EF70 - 200 mm f/4L USM lens -- at the Winter Olympic 's press center , and here 's Microsoft 's Josh Weisberg ( Director of Rich Media Group ) showing off his swag to the whole world .
Yes , we 're just a bit envious .
So anyone got a spare Canon L - Series lens that we can tamper with ?
Or maybe that big - daddy Sigma lens if you 're game with sharing coffee ?
After months of anticipation and despite a mouth - watering line - up of teams and drivers , not to mention the biggest grid in 15 years , the Bahrain Grand Prix was a damp squib .
And that ’s putting it politely .
But the F1 community – be it the fans , the teams or the rule makers – should not be too hasty to jump to conclusions after just one race .
And blaming the refuelling ban for yesterday ’s uninspiring race would overlook more serious problems with competition in F1 that need to be fixed .
Long - time readers of this site will know I never had much time for F1 ’s refuelling era and was glad to see it dropped .
Artificial jumbling of the running order holds no excitement for me .
I enjoy proper wheel - to - wheel racing .
Genuine passes for position on the track and robust defensive driving .
Neither of which we saw much of yesterday – or in quite a few races last year for that matter .
Blaming the refuelling ban for the lack of overtaking yesterday is a simplistic , knee - jerk reaction to a problem which has been around much longer and whose roots are more complicated .
Cars
Over the winter the designers were left free to push the development of their cars ’ aerodynamics without new restrictions .
And , as has always been the case when they ’re allowed to do that , the cars now produce more downforce and so are more sensitive to running in the air of a leading car .
That much was clear in the opening stages of yesterday ’s race when Lewis Hamilton was unable to get within half a second of Nico Rosberg despite having a car that was up to a second faster per lap in clean air and the fastest in a straight line .
The improved aerodynamic performance of this year ’s cars has been accompanied by a reduction in mechanical grip due to the narrower front tyres .
The balance of the cars ’ performance has shifted away from mechanical grip – which is not impaired by running behind another car – to aerodynamic downforce – which is impaired by running behind another car .
But it ’s not just aerodynamics which has made it harder for one F1 car to follow another closely .
Running in the hot air of another car causes cooling problems , as we saw when Fernando Alonso caught Sebastian Vettel in the later stages of yesterday ’s race .
Alonso had to pull out from behind Vettel on the straights in order to keep cooler air flowing into his radiators .
This brings us to a third problem – the need to conserve car and engine life .
Felipe Massa was being urged not to run closely behind other cars to avoid overheating his engine , which will have to do at least one , possible two more Grand Prix distances after this one .
In short , since the last race of 2009 it ’s become harder for F1 cars to follow each other .
And with none of the cars able to use KERS for a handy power boost , hardly anyone was able to get in range to make a pass .
The circuit
From the moment we first laid eyes on the revised Bahrain circuit , used for the first time by F1 this year , people were saying it would be no good for overtaking .
From the satellite photo alone you could tell it was too tight , too slow and too narrow .
The race proved the organisers ’ promise the section would “ provide new overtaking opportunities ” was well wide of the mark .
It was n’t just in the F1 race that cars found it hard to pass on the new section .
The GP2 Asia drivers could n’t do much with it either but could still pass on the rest of the circuit .
Incidentally , these are cars with tightly restricted spec aero , spec tyres , and no refuelling , and have consistently produced the best single - seater racing I ’ve seen over the past six years .
Sadly last weekend was their last scheduled outing .
The sheer length of the track played a part as well .
The longer the lap a car has to do the less likely it is to encounter other cars .
At around two minutes per lap every car on the grid could circulate five seconds apart .
It ’s no coincidence that Interlagos , which consistently produces some of the best races we see , is also one of the shortest tracks .
At the very least the circuit organisers should switch back to the normal layout for next year ’s race .
It ’s no classic , but it ’s far better than the configuration they used this year .
And if they really want to make things interesting and increase opportunities for overtaking , they want to use their shorter ‘ outer ’ track .
Expectations
The first race was always going to struggle to live up to the pre-season expectations .
We all wanted to see Schumacher battling with Alonso and the fight for supremacy at McLaren .
What little racing there was seemed to be between the Virgins and Lotuses at the back of the field .
And in one respect we were unlucky .
The Vettel / Alonso / Massa battle for the lead was getting close when the Red Bull driver ’s exhaust packed in , spoiling the fun .
But we should n’t judge the entire season based on one race .
The first Grand Prix of 2002 was a thriller but the rest of the year was largely forgettable .
Was yesterday ’s race really any worse than Istanbul or Singapore were last year with refuelling ?
I do n’t think so .
The real problem
The fundamental problem is still that cars ca n’t follow each other closely .
This is what the FIA needs to fix .
Bringing in more mandatory pit stops and reintroducing refuelling would be like putting a sticking plaster on a broken leg .
Instead of over - reacting in a panicky fashion with ill thought - out changes the rule makers need to look at the big picture and understand how many of the technical changes in recent years have conspired to make it hard for cars to follow each other : engine use restrictions , rev limits , double diffusers and more .
Even after the Overtaking Working Group ’s changes last year , F1 cars still can’t follow each other closely enough often enough .
Encouragingly the FIA has already taken a step towards fixing it by banning double diffusers for 2011 .
But they need to go further and consider not just cutting back downforce , but also looking at this problem of cars overheating when they run close behind a leading car .
That ’s the real heart of F1 ’s overtaking problem .
And solving it is much more challenging than just forcing more pit stops or bringing back refuelling .
Overtaking and the refuelling ban
Comedian Stephen Colbert opens the show at the 52nd annual Grammy Awards in Los Angeles January 31 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Viacom Inc ’s Comedy Central is withdrawing its popular comedy shows “ The Daily Show with Jon Stewart ” and “ The Colbert Report ” from online video service Hulu , a Hulu executive said on Tuesday .
Hulu ’s senior vice president of content and distribution , Andy Forssell , said the company was unable to secure the rights to the popular shows from Comedy Central beyond March 9 .
Hulu , jointly owned by General Electric Co’s NBC Universal , News Corp ’s Fox Entertainment and Walt Disney Co’s ABC , said it was continuing to talk to Comedy Central .
Comedy Central had received a percentage of ad sales sold by Hulu , which offers programing to its viewers for free .
The impasse comes amid a series of high - profile disputes over programing fees between broadcast companies and the companies delivering the content .
ABC on Monday threatened to drop its shows from cable service provider Cablevision in a dispute over fees .
Fox and Time Warner Cable Inc had a similar disagreement but reached a deal on January 1 , avoiding a blackout after months of negotiations .
( New York ) – Catherine Ashton , the EU foreign relations chief , should raise human rights concerns with Syrian officials during her visit next week and seek specific commitments to improve their record , Human Rights Watch said today .
So far , the increased Western engagement with Syria has not resulted in any human rights gains because the US and Europe have failed to press the issue , Human Rights Watch said .
In the last three months , as Western officials reached out to Syria , its security services have detained numerous human rights activists , journalists , and students who tried to exercise their rights to free expression and assembly .
In February alone , Prime Minister Francois Fillon of France and US Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs William Burns have visited Damascus .
“ As the last few months have demonstrated , talking to Syria without putting its rights record on the table emboldens the government to believe that it can do whatever it wants to its people , without consequence , ” said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
“ A message to Syria that says ‘ We only care about your external affairs ’ is a green light for repression . ”
On March 2 , 2010 , Military Intelligence in Aleppo stormed the apartment of Abdel Hafez Abdel Rahman , a board member of the unlicensed Kurdish human rights group MAF ( “ Right ” in Kurdish ) , and detained him with another MAF board member , Nadera Abdo .
Other members of the group said that the detention is tied to Abdel Rahman ’s activities for the group MAF .
While the security services released Abdo on March 6 , Abdel Rahman remains in detention .
Security services have also detained bloggers , journalists , and writers .
On December 27 , 2009 , State Security called in Tal al - Mallohi , 19 , a secondary school student , for interrogation , reportedly for articles she wrote and distributed on her blog .
A few days later , the security services confiscated her computer and detained her .
A Syrian human rights activist told Human Rights Watch that she remains in detention .
Human Rights
Watch was unable to determine what article the security forces deemed objectionable .
On November 22 , State Security detained without explanation Ma`en ` Akel , a journalist at the newspaper Thawra .
Syrian activists following the case said ` Akel apparently was detained for investigating government corruption .
Security forces finally released him on February 23 without charging him with a crime .
On January 7 , security forces detained another journalist , Ali Taha , and a photographer , Ali Ahmad , in the Sayyida Zaynab neighborhood of Damascus .
They were released on February 7 , without having been charged .
Both work for the satellite TV station Rotana , which mainly focuses on social life topics .
On February 10 , border police detained Ragheda Sa`id Hasan , who had been a political prisoner in the 1990s for her Communist Action Party membership , as she tried to cross into Lebanon .
Three days later , unidentified individuals entered her apartment and confiscated a copy of “ The New Prophets , ” a manuscript in which she describes her experience as a political detainee , as well as publications issued by various Syrian opposition parties .
She remains in detention .
“ A government that fails to respect the rights of its citizens ca n’t be counted on to respect any other international obligation , to anyone , ” Whitson said .
“ Ending the persecution of Syrian citizens should be part and parcel of any plan to rehabilitate this government from its isolation . ”
Two detained human rights lawyers , Muhannad al - Hasani , president of the Syrian Human Rights Organization ( Swasiah ) and Haytham al - Maleh , a 79 - year - old prominent human rights lawyer who has been jailed repeatedly , are on trial .
On February 18 , al - Hasani appeared before a Damascus criminal court for interrogation on charges of “ weakening national sentiment ” and “ spreading false or exaggerated information ” in connection with his monitoring of the Supreme State Security Court ( SSSC ) , a special court with almost no procedural guarantees .
Al - Maleh appeared before a military judge on February 22 to face new charges of “ insulting the president ” and “ slandering a governmental body . ”
According to his family , his health is failing since the `Adra prison authorities stopped allowing families to bring medication to inmates on February 11 .
Al - Maleh , who has diabetes and an overactive thyroid , has refused the prison pharmacy ’s medicine because he believes the medicine is of poor quality .
“ While Syrian officials are chatting up Western diplomats in their gilded front parlors , they ’re jailing anyone who dares to utter a critical word in their basement prison cells , ” Whitson said .
Security forces also have cracked down on political activists , particularly Kurdish leaders .
On December 26 , Political Security detained four prominent members of the Kurdish party Yekiti : Hassan Saleh , Muhammad Mustapha , Ma`ruf Mulla Ahmad , and Anwar Naso .
All four remain in incommunicado detention .
In a recent report , Human Rights Watch documented the increased repression of Syria ’s Kurds following large - scale Kurdish demonstrations in March 2004 .
The Syrian authorities also are expanding their travel bans on activists .
On February 24 , security services prevented Radeef Mustapha , the head of the board of the Kurdish Human Rights Committee , and the coordinator of the Syrian Coalition to Combat the Death Penalty , from traveling to Geneva to attend the fourth annual conference to combat the death penalty .
According to a February 2009 study published by the Syrian Center for Media and Freedom of Expression , at least 417 political and human rights activists are banned from traveling .
“ We are back to the bad old days where you have to watch every word you say , ” a Syrian lawyer who wished to remain anonymous told Human Rights Watch over the phone .
The Fed also sat on the sidelines during the housing bubble .
Many
Fed officials supported the explosion in subprime lending , and they seemed to look the other way as foreclosures soared in the latter half of 2006 .
Even at the height of the crisis , Fed governors rarely mentioned consumer protection .
Indeed , it was n’t until two Democratic representatives , William Delahunt of Massachusetts and Brad Miller of North Carolina , proposed an independent consumer agency on March 10 , 2009 , that the Fed began to talk the talk of consumer protection ; it ’s probably no coincidence that the first public mention of consumer protection regulation by Fed officials in the entire aftermath of the financial crisis came on March 19 , 2009 , when a Fed governor , Daniel Tarullo , spoke about it at a hearing .
At this point , the Fed , and in particular its chairman , Ben Bernanke , seemed to find religion .
Last July , it proposed rule revisions that would simplify the fine print on mortgages and highlight risky features of a loan .
Two months later , it said that credit cards should be subject to similar regulatory reform , and Mr. Bernanke followed in October with a proposal for a council of risk regulators that would also oversee consumer issues .
It was n’t all talk : according to its own data , the Fed ’s enforcement actions against banks and lenders also began increasing over the past year , particularly after Congress took up the idea of an independent regulator .
From a post - crisis average of eight announced enforcement actions per month , the Fed doubled its announcements to 16 actions per month once an independent agency was proposed .
But this new seriousness does n’t mean the Fed is the right place for a consumer protection agency .
For one , the Fed is above all concerned with inflation and other systemic risks to the economy ; given a conflict between avoiding threats to the economy and consumer protection , is it reasonable or fair to expect it to choose the latter ?
March 3 , 2010
Petrino DiLeo explains how Goldman Sachs and other major banks set the stage for the financial crisis in Greece - - and then figured out how to make money off it .
AS SPECULATION swirls as to whether the European Union ( EU ) or the International Monetary Fund will bail out Greece - - a deal that in either case would stipulate crippling austerity measures on Greek workers -- questions are emerging about the role that large banks played in making the crisis worse , and then profiting off it .
Specifically , the question is whether the banksters hushed up the scale of Greece 's debt situation , and then used that inside information to speculate on a potential default .
Goldman Sachs is at the center of the scrutiny .
Recent reports show that the firm consulted Greece as far back as 2000 on ways to take on more debt -- and then hide it by packaging the liabilities into complex securities that were then counted as assets .
It 's the same kind of financial trickery that contributed to the massive housing boom and bust in the U.S .
By hiding its new debts , Greece could circumvent stringent conditions on government budgets that the European Union imposes on member countries .
European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Olli Rehn speaks to press about the Greek debt crisis
And if that 's not bad enough , it seems that Goldman used its insider knowledge of Greece 's precarious financial situation to bet on a potential default by Greece .
Thanks to its complicated financial maneuvers , the super - bank stands to make a killing in the event Greece defaults or needs to be bailed out .
THE CULPRIT here is a familiar one .
Goldman and other speculators are using credit default swaps as a way of gambling on the possibility that Greece will default -- that is , it wo n't be able to repay its debts on time .
Credit default swaps are a kind of insurance policy that pays off if a particular bond or security defaults .
The ostensible purpose of these credit default swaps -- a form of the financial instruments that Wall Street calls " derivatives " -- is for big investors to obtain financial protection against the possibility that a number of their investments could go bad .
The idea is that the firms issuing credit default swaps agree to pay off what the original debtor owed .
These swaps were popular during the sub - prime mortgage boom -- they were supposed to be insurance for investors who bought securities that were based on large numbers of mortgage loans being paid off on time .
It sounds fine in theory .
But there are huge problems with credit default swaps .
For one thing , the market for swaps is completely unregulated , and they are n't traded on public exchanges .
That means a lot of backroom dealing can occur .
Moreover , there 's no limit on how many credit default swaps can be created and issued .
So the market can swell to many times the size of the original assets or investments being " insured . "
Thus , the possibility that credit default swaps can turn from financial insurance to a gamble by speculators on whether homeowners or companies or whole countries will default on their debts .
The lack of regulation allowed the market for credit default swaps to swell to such an enormous size , so that movements in the prices of derivatives can have knock - on effects on the real economy .
Since 2000 , the market for such swaps has ballooned from $ 900 billion to more than $ 36 trillion .
Credit default swaps helped drive the insurer AIG into insolvency .
AIG had issued so many swaps backing up securities based on mortgage loans that when the U.S. housing market collapsed , the federal government nationalized AIG and pumped billions of dollars into the company so it could pay off its swaps .
Because of all this , complex derivatives can have a massively destabilizing effect on the economy -- which prompted super - rich investor Warren Buffet to call them " financial weapons of mass destruction . "
Importantly , investors do n't actually have to own the asset that they are arranging a swap to cover .
Thus , swaps can become a tool for gambling on defaults occurring -- and can even contribute to defaults taking place .
This is the equivalent of everyone else on a street buying fire insurance on one person 's house -- and then collecting when the house burns down .
There 's a reason that 's illegal in the insurance business -- the incentive is for all kinds of people to load up on insurance and then commit arson to collect .
But on Wall Street , the same sort of activity applied to financial investments -- called naked credit default swaps -- is perfectly legal .
In the case of Greece , it seems that the speculators have pushed the country closer to default .
The growing demand for credit default swaps covering Greece have made it increasingly difficult for the country to raise money with newly issued bonds unless it pays a steep price -- if it can find buyers at all .
That increases demand for swaps still further , and so on , as the vicious cycle plays out .
These practices forced even Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke -- hardly a critic of Wall Street -- to admit last week , " Using these instruments in a way that intentionally destabilized a company or a country is -- is counterproductive . "
In Greece 's case , the firestorm began last October when the government revealed it had a budget deficit that amounted to 12.7 percent of its gross domestic product .
Overall , Greece 's debt stands at $ 300 billion .
As a percentage of GDP , that 's three times the limit for member nations of the European Union .
Concerns about Greece -- along with Portugal , Italy and Ireland - - have shaken confidence in the EU 's currency , the euro , and prompted the EU to pressure Greece to get its books in order .
The Greek government promised to cut the gap to 3 percent of GDP by 2012 by freezing public - sector salaries and raising taxes .
It raised taxes on fuel earlier this month and has announced a series of further measures , including making Greeks collect receipts for goods and services , like taxi rides , in an effort to fight tax evasion .
But more painful cuts are in store .
Greece has until March 16 to convince EU finance ministers and the executive European Commission that the steps it has already announced are enough .
It also needs to borrow or refinance $ 72 billion -- with nearly half of that amount due in April and May .
The interest rate that Greece would have to pay on bonds that can raise this money is currently being valued at 7 percent -- nearly double what Germany has to pay to borrow and 3 percentage points higher than Greece 's borrowing costs before this crisis .
This is the result of investors betting in various ways against Greek bonds .
The problem has become so vexing that the German government is trying to identify speculators in Greek debt to prevent them from profiting from any bailout .
HERE IS where Goldman Sachs ' damaging influence comes into play .
In 2001 , Goldman advised Greece to turn some of its debts into derivatives that could then be counted as assets rather than liabilities , thus hiding the real level of debt .
As the New York Times described :
As in the American sub - prime crisis and the implosion of [ AIG ] , financial derivatives played a role in the run-up of Greek debt .
Instruments developed by Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase and a wide range of other banks enabled politicians to mask additional borrowing in Greece , Italy and possibly elsewhere ... Critics say that such deals , because they are not recorded as loans , mislead investors and regulators about the depth of a country 's liabilities .
A report in the German newspaper FAZ indicates that AIG sold the credit default swaps on Greece .
Ultimately , these transactions enabled Greece to borrow 1 billion euros without adding to its official debt -- and according to Bloomberg , Goldman was paid $ 300 million for arranging the deal .
And that was just one deal .
According to the New York Times , a legal entity called Aeolos , created in 2001 , gave Greece cash upfront in return for pledging future landing fees at the country 's airports .
A similar deal in 2000 , called Ariadne , did something similar with revenue from Greece 's national lottery .
Similar deals were structured by Goldman and other banks , including from Europe .
In late 2009 , Goldman came calling again .
A team , led by Goldman President Gary Cohn , proposed that Greece push debt from its health care system into the future by creating another set of derivatives .
The proposal was rejected .
But Goldman was n't done .
It had loaded up on credit default swaps covering a default by Greece .
" Wall Street , led here by Goldman and AIG , helped to create the debt , then helped to create the hysteria about possible defaults , " Marshall Auerback , a professor of economics at the University of Missouri - Kansas City , wrote .
" As [ credit default swap ] prices rise and Greece 's credit rating collapses , the interest rate it must pay on bonds rises -- fueling a death spiral because it cannot cut spending or raise taxes sufficiently to reduce its deficit . "
The overall amount of swaps on Greek debt hit $ 85 billion in February , up from $ 38 billion a year ago , according to the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation , which tracks swaps trading .
As a result of these activities , the Securities and Exchange Commission and Federal Reserve Bank are investigating the role that Goldman played .
But given the kid -gloves treatment that Goldman has received -- not to mention the extent that it 's already been bailed out by the government -- it seems highly unlikely that anything will come of these inquiries .
As Gretchen Morgenson wrote in the New York Times :
If the past is prologue , we might see a case or two emerge from that inquiry five years from now .
The fact is that credit default swaps and other complex derivatives that have proved to be instruments of mass destruction still remain entrenched in our financial system three years after our economy was almost brought to its knees .
Worse , it 's now clear that the U.S. government will do whatever it takes to bail out financial firms out and keep them solvent , even when their gambling blows up in their faces .
This implicit guarantee is only encouraging more reckless behavior .
WHILE GOLDMAN cashes in and likely gets off scot - free for helping to cause the crisis , the Greek working class stands to be punished brutally .
Over the past month , the Greek government has already announced wage freezes , bonus cuts , tax crackdowns and pension reforms meant to save about $ 6.7 billion .
New measures that could be part of a bailout plan engineered by the EU could include a 2 percent increase in the country 's value - added tax -- already at 19 percent -- higher fuel prices and the possible abolition of one of two additional months of pay received by public - sector workers and employees at many private firms .
In other words , the costs of Greece 's default are being passed on to workers .
What 's more , Germany 's involvement in the bailout is creating a race to the bottom across national borders in Europe .
" Germany has , in the last 10 years , been through very painful social reform , which means curtailing rights and social benefits , and pushing back the retirement age , " Thomas Klau of the European Council on Foreign Relations told the New York Times .
" The argument in Germany is ' Why should our workers work to the age of 67 to enable Greeks to retire earlier ? ' "
The harsh measures in Greece will ultimately make things worse .
As economists Simon Johnson and Peter Boone wrote , austerity programs in Greece and other countries with high debt loads could " massively curtail demand , lower wages and reduce the public - sector workforce .
The last time we saw this kind of precipitate fiscal austerity -- when nations were tied to the gold standard -- it contributed to the onset of the Great Depression in the 1930s . "
In addition , privatizations -- also done at the behest of financial firms like Goldman - - mean that former sources of government revenue , such as toll roads , are no longer in the state 's hands -- leaving it even less able to pay its public debt .
Thus , the pay cuts and austerity programs could end up exacerbating defaults and necessitating another round of reductions -- exactly when governments should be running up deficits to hire unemployed workers , pay out benefits and stimulate economic activity .
That 's the cost of the vicious cycle that the banksters set in motion .
Newswise —
The current warming trends in the Arctic may shove the Arctic system into a seasonally ice - free state not seen for more than one million years , according to a new report .
The melting is accelerating , and a team of researchers were unable to identify any natural processes that might slow the de-icing of the Arctic .
Such substantial additional melting of Arctic glaciers and ice sheets will raise sea level worldwide , flooding the coastal areas where many of the world 's people live .
Melting sea ice has already resulted in dramatic impacts for the indigenous people and animals in the Arctic , which includes parts of Alaska , Canada , Russia , Siberia , Scandinavia and Greenland .
" What really makes the Arctic different from the rest of the non-polar world is the permanent ice in the ground , in the ocean and on land , " said lead author University of Arizona geoscientist Jonathan T. Overpeck .
" We see all of that ice melting already , and we envision that it will melt back much more dramatically in the future as we move towards this more permanent ice - free state . "
The report by Overpeck and his colleagues is published in the Aug. 23 Eos , the weekly newspaper of the American Geophysical Union .
A complete list of authors and their affiliations is at the end of this release .
The report is the result of weeklong meeting of a team of interdisciplinary scientists who examined how the Arctic environment and climate interact and how that system would respond as global temperatures rise .
The workshop was organized by the NSF Arctic System Science Committee , which is chaired by Overpeck , director of the Institute for the Study of Planet Earth at The University of Arizona in Tucson .
The National Science Foundation funded the meeting .
The past climates in the Arctic include glacial periods , where sea ice coverage expanded and ice sheets extended into Northern America and Europe , and warmer interglacial periods during which the ice retreats , as it has during the past 10,000 years .
By studying natural data loggers such as ice cores and marine sediments , scientists have a good idea what the " natural envelope " for Arctic climate variations has been for the past million years , Overpeck said .
The team of scientists synthesized what is currently known about the Arctic and defined key components that make up the current system .
The scientists identified how the components interact , including feedback loops that involve multiple parts of the system .
" In the past , researchers have tended to look at individual components of the Arctic , " said Overpeck .
" What we did for the first time is really look at how all of those components work together . "
The team concluded that there were two major amplifying feedbacks in the Arctic system involving the interplay between sea and land ice , ocean circulation in the North Atlantic , and the amounts of precipitation and evaporation in the system .
Such feedback loops accelerate changes in the system , Overpeck said .
For example , the white surface of sea ice reflects radiation from the sun .
However , as sea ice melts , more solar radiation is absorbed by the dark ocean , which heats up and results in yet more sea ice melting .
While the scientists identified one feedback loop that could slow the changes , they did not see any natural mechanism that could stop the dramatic loss of ice .
" I think probably the biggest surprise of the meeting was that no one could envision any interaction between the components that would act naturally to stop the trajectory to the new system , " Overpeck said .
He added that the group investigated several possible braking mechanisms that had been previously suggested .
In addition to sea and land ice melting , Overpeck warned that permafrost — the permanently frozen layer of soil that underlies much of the Arctic — will melt and eventually disappear in some areas .
Such thawing could release additional greenhouse gases stored in the permafrost for thousands of years , which would amplify human - induced climate change .
Overpeck said humans could step on the brakes by reducing carbon dioxide emissions .
" The trouble is we do n't really know where the threshold is beyond which these changes are inevitable and dangerous , " Overpeck said .
" Therefore it is really important that we try hard , and as soon as we can , to dramatically reduce such emissions . "
Overpeck 's coauthors on the Aug. 23 Eos paper are Matthew Sturm of the Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory in Fort Wainwright , Alaska ; Jennifer A. Francis of Rutgers University in New Brunswick , N.J. ; Donald K. Perovich of the Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory in Hanover , N.H. ; Mark C. Serreze of the University of Colorado , Boulder ; Ronald Benner of the University of South Carolina in Columbia ; Eddy C. Carmack of the Institute of Ocean Sciences in Sidney , BC , Canada ; F. Stuart Chapin III of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks ; S. Craig Gerlach of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks ; Lawrence C. Hamilton of the University of New Hampshire in Durham ; Larry D. Hinzman of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks ; Marika Holland of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo . ; Henry P. Huntington of Huntington Consulting in Eagle River , Alaska ; Jeffrey R. Key of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Environmental Satellite , Data , and Information Service in Madison , Wis. ; Andrea H. Lloyd of Middlebury College in Middlebury , Va. ; Glen M. MacDonald of the University of California , Los Angeles ; Joe McFadden of the University of Minnesota in St. Paul ; David Noone of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , Calif . ; Terry D. Prowse of the University of Victoria , in BC , Canada ; Peter Schlosser of Columbia University in Palisades , N.Y. ; and Charles VÃ¶rÃ¶smarty of the University of New Hampshire in Durham .
Related Websites :
Jonathan T. Overpeckhttp://www.geo.arizona.edu/dgesl/
The University of Arizona 's Institute for the Study of Planet Earthhttp://www.ispe.arizona.edu/
The NSF Arctic System Science ( ARCSS ) Programhttp://www.arcus.org/ARCSS/
