The Emirates Palace Hotel , Abu Dhabi is over 85 hectares of scenic grounds , and faces a long sandy beach .
Rooms are very impressive in a Arabian design , equipped with high technology , including 50 inch interactive plasma screen TV'S with high speed internet access .
The Emirates Palace Hotel has a range of outstanding facilities and services to meet the requirements of any vistor to Abu Dhabi .1.3 km of secluded private beach and two swimming pool landscapes on the east and west wing sides .
The conference facilities include an auditorium with seating for 1200 guests , a main ballroom that can accommodate up to 2800 persons and an extensive range of 48 meeting rooms including a Media Centre and Business Centre.302 luxury rooms , 40 splendid Khaleej suites , 4 Presidential suites , 16 Palace suites divisible into a total of 48 individual suites .
Inside every room , the decor will be a masterful blend of Arabian regal splendour and the latest technology .
Here every guest 's needs will be anticipated , and exceeded .
Decoration includes acres of gold leaf and the finest marble ( 50 - inch plasma screens in all rooms , all suites equipped with a laptop and a scanner / printer / fax unit , the most advanced hotel multimedia system , including touch screen control panel , will allow guests full control of all room appliances such as lights , air - conditioning and in - room entertainment , etc ) All i can say is " WOW " .
Such " red flags , " as they are sometimes called , were the meat and potatoes of the keynote speech on Friday night by Alex Jones , who is the William Jennings Bryan of the 9/11 band .
Mr. Jones , a syndicated radio host , is known for his larynx - tearing screeds against corruption — fiery , almost preacherly , addresses in which he sweats , balls his fists and often swerves from quoting Roman history to using foul language in a single breath .
At the lectern Friday night , beside a digital projection reading " History of Government Sponsored Terrorism , " Mr. Jones set forth the central tenets of 9/11 Truth : that the military command that monitors aircraft " stood down " on the day of the attacks ; that President Bush addressed children in a Florida classroom instead of being whisked off to the White House ; that the hijackers , despite what the authorities say , were trained at American military bases ; and that the towers did not collapse because of burning fuel and weakened steel but because of a " controlled demolition " caused by pre-set bombs .
According to the group 's
Web site , the motive for faking a terrorist attack was to allow the administration " to instantly implement policies its members have long supported , but which were otherwise infeasible . "
The controlled - demolition theory is the sine qua non of the 9/11 movement — its basic claim and , in some sense , the one upon which all others rest .
It is , of course , directly contradicted by the 10,000 - page investigation by the National Institute of Standards and Technology , which held that jet - fuel fires distressed the towers ' structure , which eventually collapsed .
The movement 's answer to that report was written by Steven E. Jones , a professor of physics at Brigham Young University and the movement 's expert in the matter of collapse .
Dr. Jones , unlike Alex Jones , is a soft - spoken man who lets his writing do the talking .
He composed an account of the destruction of the towers ( www.physics.byu.edu/research/energy/htm7.html) that holds that " pre-positioned cutter - charges " brought the buildings down .
Image David Kubiak , one of the speakers at the International Education and Strategy Conference for 9/11 Truth .
Credit ... Joe Tabacca for The New York Times
Like a prior generation of skeptics — those who doubted , say , the Warren Commission or the government 's account of the Gulf of Tonkin attack — the 9/11 Truthers are dogged , at home and in the office , by friends and family who suspect that they may , in fact , be completely nuts .
Torrents Indexed 965,000 340,000 537,000 366,000 518,000 147,640 343,000 468,000 414,000 218,000 BTJunkie BTCom BushTor isoHunt Meganova Mininova TPB T- Portal T - Spy Torrentz
When I first began to use BitTorrent in 2004 there was little question as to which indexing site to use .
Today , Suprnova is long gone and we are left with an array of diverse options .
This is a comparison of today 's ten most used BitTorrent sites according to Alexa.com .
I was rather surprised with these results , BTJunkie has nearly double the amount of torrents as the next leading competitor .
The reason for such the dramatic increase is that they index both private and public trackers .
Keep in mind that this benchmark is not very reliable because these sites all have different removal policies , making the quality of these numbers range .
Average of Daily Torrent Additions 4,224 854 1,154 1,050 971 890 580 1,526 640 953 BT
Junkie BTCom BushTor isoHunt Meganova Mininova TPB T- Portal T - Spy Torrentz
This is the best benchmark for figuring out which site is doing the best job .
It is the most important number because no matter what policies the site may have for keeping dead torrents around it is a tell tail sign of how much is really incoming .
At first I thought BTJunkie 's numbers must be fake , but I assure you it is real !
I tested the number posted with the number in the actual directory for the day and they matched for a week straight !
Site Feature Rating 9 5 7 8 4 5 4 6 10 3 BTJunkie BTCom BushTor isoHunt Meganova Mininova TPB T- Portal T - Spy Torrentz
Site Review
BTJunkie - Editors Choice
This is an overall rating based on site & user features .
TorrentSpy has done a great job of " wikifing " their site , leaving much of the work to it 's users .
TorrentSpy also has great torrent upload management .
BTJunkie has a feature called Torrent Mail that will search the new torrents daily for any searches of your choice and e-mail you the results .
It 's funny because BTJunkie was a site that I had never heard of before , barely made the top ten list , and it turned out to be the largest BitTorrent index .
BTJunkie also indexes private trackers which tend to have faster , higher quality torrents .
I spoke with the operator who claims their success is due to having an automated web crawler similar to Google , which captures torrents from thousands of web sites .
The site also has an innovative feature where users can have BTJunkie search the new torrents daily and e-mail them the results .
The site is fast with powerful search options and the layout is " windows " like .
Overall this is my number one pick due to it's huge index of active torrents , hats off to BTJunkie !
BitTorrent.com
This search engine is operated by the founder of the BitTorrent protocol , Brah Cohen .
The site lacks a directory service and does not store most torrents directly on their servers .
This is probably due to being Incorporated in the United States and trying to avoid any legal troubles .
The quality of the matches returned were mediocre at best , and only provided very limited " for dummies " information .
Their index seams to be based mostly off of a few major indexes included in this study .
The site was offline several times during our testing period too so they loose points for uptime .
I personally expected better from the " creator " .
BushTorrent & TorrentReactor
I was surprised to find out these two sites shared the same index and operator .
The index is a good size with a very flexible and easy to use search .
Most of the initial matches of searches were good but near the end were several non-relevant matches .
The search gives you powerful control options for your queries by giving you the ability to match with OR or AND .
Torrentreactor has definitely overkilled the ads and includes pop-ups .
isoHunt
Established in early 2004 , this site flourished at the demise of Suprnova .
Most of the torrents in this index have tested active within a week .
The search query options are set from within the query using similar syntax to Google .
The directory is a bit odd , it is split off into a isoHunt release section and a web release section .
The interface is easy to use and loaded with JavaScript .
IsoHunt is the 3rd most popular BitTorrent site today and is also being sued by the MPAA .
Meganova
Very basic site heavily integrated with usenext advertisements .
The search is very limited , the only special option is to limit by category .
The index is one of the largest but the incoming daily torrents are a little lower then they should be for such a high number .
Mininova
This is the 2nd most popular BitTorrent site despite having around an average of only 1/3 as many torrents as other sites .
The speed , quality , and simplicity of Mininova are what keep their users happy .
Mininova was the largest successor of Suprnova 's shutdown .
The Pirate Bay
The Pirate Bay is the largest BitTorrent tracker in the world .
Famous for their blatant disregard for intellectual property rights , they are a beacon of light for a neutral Internet .
The web site is easy to use and efficient with limited capabilities .
Their index is comprised of only torrents they index on their tracker , but do n't worry because there tracker has almost 350,000 torrents .
Torrent Portal
Torrent Portal is famous for there large following of faithful uploaders .
They had the second most incoming daily torrents with 468,000 indexed , so they have a pretty good standard for active torrents .
The web page is loaded with ads that can be reduced by becoming a member .
The search gives powerful options to it 's users .
TorrentSpy
TorrentSpy is the most popular BitTorrent site .
They had the nicest interface and features out of all the sites we tested .
They scored low where it counts the most , only an average of 640 torrents a day .
We were surprised by this because it is the most popular yet it has such a poor index .
The site has advanced identifications for torrents like languages and subs that are set by the users .
Users can also report passworded archives within the torrents .
Heavy on the ads and includes pop-ups .
They are also currently being sued by the MPAA .
Torrentz
Torrentz is similar to Bittorrent.com in that it does n't actually store the torrents on their servers but outsources to many of the sites included in this study .
This is one of the only search engines that gives you the ability to search for files within the torrents .
They only index torrents that have tested active with at least one seed which makes the quality of there index the best .
It is not the best option if you are looking for something that is hard to find , torrents that have no seeds pull themselves together all the time .
Resveratrol Increases Energy In Humans , Mice
Resveratrol increases energy production in humans and increases mouse endurance on treadmills .
CAMBRIDGE , MA and Strasbourg , France  November 16th , 2006  Sirtris Pharmaceuticals and the University Louis Pasteur , Strasbourg announced that in an article published today in Cell ,  Resveratrol improves mitochondrial function and protects against metabolic disease by activating SIRT1 and PGC - 1α.
Lagouge et al. , Cell .
2006 ; 127 : 114 , SIRT1 was shown for the first time in a human population to accelerate metabolic rate .
In a human population in Finland , SIRT1 was linked to increased energy expenditure as demonstrated by genetic studies of three variants of the SIRT1 gene .
The study also showed that treating mice with resveratrol increased mitochondrial biogenesis leading to increased exercise endurance and protection from diet induced obesity .
Activation of SIRT1 , the best characterized of the recently - discovered family of sirtuin enzymes , was shown to be the mechanism by which these therapeutic benefits occur .
The doses used in mice , 200 mg/kg and 400 mg/ kg , is milligrams per day per kilogram of body weight of the mice .
Well , scale that to humans and it becomes clear the dose is very high .
A 150 lb human is 68 kilograms .
That works out to over 27 grams per day .
Mice were dosed with 200 mg / kg or 400 mg / kg of resveratrol daily in either normal chow or high fat chow .
The mice on resveratrol lost weight due to decreased fat , and this was attributed to an increase in the number and function of mitochondria .
The resveratrol - treated mice also exhibited improved insulin sensitivity and an increased metabolic rate .
Notably , mice treated with resveratrol showed a two - times increase in exercise endurance .
These effects were shown to be mediated through SIRT1 and PGC - 1α .
The scientists who did the work are at prestigious research universities .
The authors of the Cell article include the teams of the principal investigator Johan Auwerx , M.D. Ph.D. , Professor at the Medical Faculty in Strasbourg , at IGBMC ( Unité mixte de recherche CNRS , Inserm , University Louis Pasteur ) , France , and of Pere Puigserver , Ph.D. from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore ( now at the Dana - Farber Cancer Institute / Harvard Medical School in Boston ) , both members of the Scientific Advisory Board of Sirtris Pharmaceuticals , and Sirtris scientists : Peter Elliott , Ph.D. Senior Vice President and Head of Development , Phil Lambert , Ph.D. Senior Director of Pharmacology , and Jill Milne , Ph.D. , Senior Director of Biology .
It would be hard to get regulatory approval for a drug that increased life expectancy because it is a claim that is hard to prove in a clinical trial .
But Sitris is chasing a more provable claim :
That their modified resveratrol molecule , SRT501 , will reduce the symptoms of old age and obesity such as high unhealthy blood lipids and insulin resistance in the form of type II diabetes .
 This work is significant because it shows that a SIRT1 activator can protect against metabolic disease , highlighting the therapeutic potential of sirtuins .
Resveratrol a compound found in the skin of red grapes and hence in red wine , could very well explain the French Paradox ,  said Johan Auwerx .
Sirtris has initiated a human Phase 1b clinical trial in diabetes with SRT501 , a proprietary formulation of resveratrol with improved bioavailability .
SRT501 is the first small molecule to enter human clinical trials that is designed to activate SIRT1 .
Sirtris has applied this scientific discovery to the development of SRT501 , which activates SIRT1 , for the treatment of diseases of aging such as metabolic and mitochondrial disorders .
In addition , Sirtris has a robust pipeline of novel small molecule drug candidates that are potent SIRT1 activators and are chemically distinct from resveratrol .
 This important work highlights the significance of SIRT1 as a therapeutic target for metabolic disease .
Based on the continuing scientific evidence , as shown in this most recent Cell article , we are continuing to advance drug candidates to translate the science of sirtuins into new treatments for diseases of aging , such as diabetes ,  said Peter Elliott , Ph.D. Senior Vice President and Head of Development at Sirtris Pharmaceuticals .
 These new human data support SIRT1 as a therapeutic target for metabolic disease .
Our broad pipeline of sirtuin modulators have potential in a number of diseases of aging ,  said Christoph Westphal , M.D. , Ph.D. , Chief Executive Officer of Sirtris Pharmaceuticals .
Now for the qualifiers and caveats .
Back in March 2005 Sirtris co-founder David Sinclair of Harvard said that most commercial resveratrol preparations have no active resveratrol in them - with activity measured by the ability to activate the SIR2 enzymes .
Resveratrol is not an easy molecule to protect from oxidation .
Most commercially available supplements I have tested have no ability to stimulate SIR2 enzymes .
Longevinex sells resveratrol to many researchers .
But their commercial resveratrol preparation has only 100 mg of resveratrol per capsule and costs more than $ 1 per capsule .
But the recent study by David Sinclair and Rafael de Cabo showing resveratrol protected mice from the harms of obesity used a dose of resveratrol that would be the equivalent of 1600 mg for a 150 lb human .
Whereas the study above on mice used the equivalent of 27 grams ( 27,000 milligrams ) of resveratrol for a 150 lb human .
Bulk sources of resveratrol from knotweed can be found on the internet .
But which of those sources is selling real active resveratrol ?
Your guess is as good as mine .
Then there 's the question of whether this stuff is safe .
We do not know .
Okay ?
Really , we do not know .
We need a big study of large numbers of people taking a gram of resveratrol a day with all sorts of checks done on them to look for bad signs .
My guess is we are not going to see such a study on resveratrol because the money is in making a patentable commercial variation of resveratrol into a marketable drug .
That 'll take 6 , 7 , 8 years more and hundreds of millions of dollars .
In the comments section of my post on the David Sinclair and Rafael de Cabo study on resveratrol you 'll see a reader who claims he 's taking over 1 gram of resveratrol a day with very beneficial effects .
He thinks he has a good trustworthy source for large doses .
Where do resveratrol and the Sirtris drug SRT501 fit into the larger picture of anti-aging treatments and life extension ?
If they work then they probably work by slowing down aging the same way that calorie restriction does .
The interest in the Sir1 and similar sirtuin genes comes from studies on calorie restriction 's effects on gene expression in yeast and rodents .
But we do not know for sure that calorie restriction will increase human life expectancies .
Now , if resveratrol and SRT501 do extend life that 's a good thing because they 'll help keep us alive until rejuvenation therapies such as gene therapies and stem cell therapies become available .
That companies are trying to develop drugs that mimic the effects of calorie restriction is a good thing .
I wish them luck and watch their progress closely .
But we still need the rejuvenation therapies and we need even greater efforts to develop rejuvenation therapies .
For more on that read about Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence ( SENS ) .
We wo n't need to slow the rate of aging when we can reverse aging .
Though slowing the rate of aging will still let us go longer between rejuvenation therapy episodes .
Jewish World Review Dec. 31 , 1999 / 22 Teves , 5760
Tony Snow
The TRUTH about Kwanzaa
http://www.jewishworldreview.com
-- BLACKS IN AMERICA have suffered an endless series of insults and degradations , the latest of which goes by the name of Kwanzaa .
Ron Karenga ( aka Dr. Maulana Ron Karenga ) invented the seven - day feast ( Dec. 26 - Jan. 1 ) in 1966 , branding it a black alternative to Christmas .
The idea was to celebrate the end of what he considered the Christmas - season exploitation of African Americans .
According to the official Kwanzaa Web site -- as opposed , say , to the Hallmark Cards Kwanzaa site -- the celebration was designed to foster " conditions that would enhance the revolutionary social change for the masses of Black Americans " and provide a " reassessment , reclaiming , recommitment , remembrance , retrieval , resumption , resurrection and rejuvenation of those principles ( Way of Life ) utilized by Black Americans ' ancestors . "
Karenga postulated seven principles : unity , self - determination , collective work and responsibility , cooperative economics , purpose , creativity and faith , each of which gets its day during Kwanzaa week .
He and his votaries also crafted a flag of black nationalism and a pledge : " We pledge allegiance to the red , black , and green , our flag , the symbol of our eternal struggle , and to the land we must obtain ; one nation of black people , with one G -d of us all , totally united in the struggle , for black love , black freedom , and black self - determination . "
Now , the point :
There is no part of Kwanzaa that is not fraudulent .
Begin with the name .
The celebration comes from the Swahili term " matunda yakwanza , " or " first fruit , " and the festival 's trappings have Swahili names -- such as " ujima " for " collective work and responsibility " or " muhindi , " which are ears of corn celebrants set aside for each child in a family .
Unfortunately , Swahili has little relevance for American blacks .
Most slaves were ripped from the shores of West Africa .
Swahili is an East African tongue .
To put that in perspective , the cultural gap between Senegal and Kenya is as dramatic as the chasm that separates , say , London and Tehran .
Imagine singing " G-d Save the Queen " in Farsi , and you grasp the enormity of the gaffe .
Worse , Kwanzaa ceremonies have no discernible African roots .
No culture on earth celebrates a harvesting ritual in December , for instance , and the implicit pledges about human dignity do n't necessarily jibe with such still - common practices as female circumcision and polygamy .
The inventors of Kwanzaa were n't promoting a return to roots ; they were shilling for Marxism .
They even appropriated the term " ujima , " which Julius Nyrere cited when he uprooted tens of thousands of Tanzanians and shipped them forcibly to collective farms , where they proved more adept at cultivating misery than banishing hunger .
Even the rituals using corn do n't fit .
Corn is n't indigenous to Africa .
Mexican Indians developed it , and the crop was carried worldwide by white colonialists .
The fact is , there is no Ur - African culture .
The continent remains stubbornly tribal .
Hutus and Tutsis still slaughter one another for sport .
Go to Kenya , where I taught briefly as a young man , and you 'll see endless hostility between Kikuyu , Luo , Luhya and Masai .
Even South African politics these days have more to do with tribal animosities than ideological differences .
Moreover , chaos too often prevails over order .
Warlords hold sway in Somalia , Eritrea , Liberia and Zaire .
Genocidal maniacs have wiped out millions in Rwanda , Uganda and Ethiopia .
The once - shining hopes for Kenya have vanished .
Detroit native Keith Richburg writes in his extraordinary book , " Out of America : A Black Man Confronts Africa , " that " this strange place defies even the staunchest of optimists ; it drains you of hope ... "
Richburg , who served for three years as the African bureau chief for The Washington Post , offers a challenge for the likes of Karenga : " Talk to me about Africa and my black roots and my kinship with my African brothers and I 'll throw it back in your face , and then I 'll rub your nose in the images of rotting flesh . "
His book concludes : " I have been here , and I have seen -- and frankly , I want no part of it .
....
By an accident of birth , I am a black man born in America , and everything I am today -- my culture and my attitudes , my sensibilities , loves and desires -- derives from that one simple and irrefutable fact . "
Nobody ever ennobled a people with a lie or restored stolen dignity through fraud .
Kwanzaa is the ultimate chump holiday -- Jim Crow with a false and festive wardrobe .
It praises practices -- " cooperative economics , and collective work and responsibility " -- that have succeeded nowhere on earth and would mire American blacks in endless backwardness .
Our treatment of Kwanzaa provides a revealing sign of how far we have yet to travel on the road to reconciliation .
The white establishment has thrown in with it , not just to cash in on the business , but to patronize black activists and shut them up .
This year , President Clinton signed his fourth Kwanzaa proclamation .
He crooned : " The symbols and ceremony of Kwanzaa , evoking the rich history and heritage of African Americans , remind us that our nation draws much of its strength from our diversity . "
But our strength , as Richburg points out , comes from real principles : tolerance , brotherhood , hard work , personal responsibility , equality before the law .
If Americans really cared about racial healing , they would focus on those ideas -- and not on a made - up rite that mistakes segregationism for spirituality and fiction for history .
Enjoy this writer 's work ?
Why not sign - up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Tony Snow Archives
As extremists increasingly claim it is not , and attack Western values not only through rhetoric but acts of violence , many Muslims find themselves being forced to respond by re-examining their values .
Here two Britons , both born into the Muslim faith , explain why they have ended up following different paths as far as their religion is concerned .
Nagina Shah Nagina
Shah , who walked away from her faith and family 14 years ago after a forced marriage , believes that traditional Islam and modern Western life do not mix .
Nagina 's story Aftab Malik Aftab Malik , who has discovered a new - found passion for Islam as an adult , says that traditional Islamic values can themselves help overcome extremism .
Aftab 's story NAGINA SHAH I was born into a strict Pakistani Muslim background but , when I was 19 , I decided to break away from my family .
My parents chose a husband for me - I was engaged at 14 and forced into marriage at 17
I have three brothers and three sisters , and am the youngest in the family .
I 'm the only one born in England , in 1972 , a few years after my parents had emigrated from Pakistan .
My upbringing was very strict , even by Asian community standards .
My family were Sunnis [ the majority branch of Islam ] and our faith and religion were largely influenced by - and intertwined with - our culture .
But it was backward , strict and suffocating .
I was not allowed to go out on my own or even travel on buses .
I went to an all - girls school , although my father believed girls should not really be educated .
Instead , all attention was focused on my brothers , who were expected to become doctors or lawyers .
My father preached one thing but did something else in practice .
He said we needed to be pure and pious but was himself quite volatile .
In contrast , my mother would never say boo to a goose .
The double standards really struck me .
I always felt suppressed and suffocated by my father and brothers , who ran the household .
I was never able to accept or understand why my brothers were treated better than me .
They were allowed to go out , mix with women , drive , go to college , have an opinion .
I was allowed to do none of these things .
Turning point
My parents chose a husband for me .
I was engaged to him at 14 and forced into marriage at 17 .
when I was 19 , I had had enough and I decided to run away from home .
On 8 August 1991 , I packed my bags and went .
I have since put myself through college and university and now consider myself as an independent career woman .
At the time , I left with hardly anything .
And having lived in a sheltered , reclusive environment , I suddenly had to face up to real life for the first time .
I now want to help other British Muslims who face a similar situation to me
I moved away from Leeds and lived in a hostel for a while .
I worked at the same time as going to college where I studied for my GCSEs and then A levels .
I later went on to read engineering at university .
When I was staying in the hostel , I met many other young Asian girls like me .
It was tragic because they wanted to break away from their families but they kept on going home and getting into a total mess .
There must be lots of other men and women who want to break away from their culture .
I now want to help other British Muslims who face a similar situation to me .
Torn identity I went through the most enormous life - changing experience .
I must have been numb and in shock for about two years .
I became a totally different person , and found I was also quite spiritual and could relate to many religions at different levels .
THE ISLAM DEBATE BBC Four , Wednesday , 14 September Nagina Shah and Aftab Malik are on panel
It will address issues raised in BBC Two 's Battle for Islam , which screened on Monday
Have your say and join the debate Since leaving home I have not been in touch with my family .
I would not be able to live my life the way I choose if my family have anything to do with it .
I do not blame my parents for not seeing my point of view .
They both come from a very different culture .
There is a cultural clash between my parents ' generation and mine .
The Eastern and Western cultures are so extremely different that it is difficult to find middle ground .
I believe my parents were so strict because they did not want to lose their identity , their Pakistani roots .
But by doing this they did not allow me my own identity .
The danger of organised religion is that they all teach exclusivity and preach that theirs is the one true faith .
To have one true faith means that all other faiths are wrong , hence the fighting we see around the world .
I believe the only way we will achieve peace and mutual respect on this planet is if we are all willing to change our beliefs .
I am not saying we should completely throw away our belief systems but what we need to do is let go of the beliefs that no longer work and keep the ones that do .
AFTAB MALIK
It was not until university that I began to think about what it meant to be a Muslim .
Until then , life was pretty much plain sailing .
I prayed and would fast in the month of Ramadan , but only half - heartedly .
Rather than architects of destruction , traditional Muslims were builders of a magnificent civilization synonymous with life
Experiences at the mosque taught me that Islam was something that came from the sub - continent : backward and ritualistic .
But my perception and understanding of Islam changed as I soon discovered that Islam had an intellectual and spiritual tradition .
Little did I know that I 'd become part of an increasing number of Muslims in the West who , in the past decade or so , have been seeking the revivification of an authentic , traditional wisdom ; one that rises above sectarian divisions and discredits the angry rhetoric of the orphans of modernity .
Rather than being architects of destruction , traditional Muslims were builders of a magnificent civilization synonymous with life , celebration , purity and knowledge .
Some Muslims today , in their rhetoric or by their actions , portray a faith whose adherents want a religion to die for , as opposed to live for .
These Muslims are replacing the legacy of that civilization with anger and hatred .
Confusion rife
Unfortunately , despite the huge upsurge of interest in Islam , there remains much confusion as to what it 's really about .
A twisted and mutated offspring is wreaking havoc in the name of Islam
While " the war on terrorism " has shifted relations between Islam and the West in tectonic proportions , the responses by Muslims have been different .
Some argue that 9/11 signalled the ultimate showdown between Islam and the West ; others reactively repeat the mantra " Islam is a religion of peace " .
And another segment of the community has decided it is time for some serious and critical reflection .
These messages have been mixed and confuse many people , who cannot understand why so many Muslims are angry .
Despite the immense suffering in the Muslim world , nothing can justify the heinous actions that result in the spilling of innocent blood .
Devoid of the necessary skills and tools to decipher the religious texts , minions of chaos have side - stepped over 1,000 years of scholasticism and Koranic exegesis [ critical explanation of a text ] to create their own deluded Sharia - a new law couched in Islamic terminology established solely to be the antithesis of the West .
Under this law , there is only hatred and rejection .
Under this law , Muslims and non-Muslims alike are its victims .
Classical traditions
For the integrity of Islam , these individuals and their organisations need to be seen as they are : marginal and heretical .
Traditional Islam can help calm the frantic nature so prevalent in Muslim psyche today
So far are they from classical notions of ethics and morality , manifestations of this extreme reading of Islam are more in line with " Islamicised " Marxist - Leninist notions of revolution and anti-imperialist struggle than with anything derived from the Koran and the Sunna through a classical legal tradition .
Muslim reformers who dismantled and undermined the Islamic tradition with its legal philosophy , an apparatus of law and system of spirituality during the 19th and 20th Centuries , paved the way for a twisted and mutated offspring that is wreaking havoc on the Earth in the name of Islam .
So what is traditional Islam ?
It really means orthodoxy , consisting of the four Sunni legal schools of thought ( madhahibs ) , two schools of doctrine ( aqida ) and the science of ihsan ( excellence or perfection ) , otherwise known as tasawwuf .
Traditional Islam teaches how to view tribulation and oppression through prophetic eyes and not how to contribute to it .
By restoring the equilibrium between the heart and soul , the intellect and creation , traditional Islam can help calm the frantic nature so prevalent in Muslim psyche today and , once again , marginalise and eject extremism from the Muslim discourse .
Nagina Shah and Aftab Malik were panellists on Debate : Battle for Islam , shown on BBC Four on Wednesday , 14 September .
The programme examined issues raised by BBC Two 's Battle for Islam , which was shown on Monday 5 September .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Members of Islamist political organizations , in particular , consider American actions a godsend , putting their own repressive governments under pressure and distancing their capitals from Washington , reformers say .
The Americans “ wanted to tarnish the Islamic resistance and opposition movements , but in reality they only served them , ” said Sobhe Salih , a 53 - year - old lawyer in the Muslim Brotherhood , which was swept into the Egyptian Parliament in an election last fall after capturing an unprecedented 20 percent of the seats .
“ They made them more appealing to the public , made them a beacon of hope for everyone who hates American policies . ”
Glance at any television screen — they are everywhere — and chances are that the screen will be showing mayhem in Lebanon , Baghdad or Gaza .
It usually takes a minute or so to decipher which Arab city is burning .
Popular satellite news channels like Al Jazeera say repeatedly that the carnage arrives via American policy and American weapons .
Before 2003 , the hardest step for any Islamist movement was recruitment , noted Mohamed Salah , an expert on Islamic extremist movements who writes for the pan-Arab daily Al Hayat from Cairo .
Moving someone from being merely devout to being an extremist took a long time .
No longer , he said .
Moderate Arab governments , which have pursued peace with Israel for nearly 30 years , have seen that policy undermined among their publics by Hezbollah ’s ability to strike at Israel .
“ Recruitment has become the easiest stage because the people have already been psychologically predisposed against the Americans , the West and against Israel , ” Mr. Salah said .
Moderate reformers say they are driven to despair by what they see as inconsistencies in Washington ’s Middle East policy .
For example , in Lebanon lives a black - turbaned Shiite cleric who runs a secretive militia close to Iran .
His name is Sheik Hassan Nasrallah and Washington approves of Israel ’s bombing campaign to stamp out his organization , Hezbollah .
Image A soldier cleaned portraits of Syrias leaders , past and present , in Damascus .
War news has trumped worries over the recent jailing of activists .
Credit ... James Hill for The New York Times
There is another black - turbaned Shiite cleric who runs a different secretive militia close to Iran .
His name is Abdel Aziz al - Hakim , and he lives in Iraq .
He is an American friend .
It would be naive to think that ‘ outsourcing ’ is a new phenomenon ; at least the kind we see in Iraq today can be traced back to the 1940’s .
In 1947 , the National Security Act created the CIA .
Little known or discussed is the fact that one of the fist acts of the National Security Council was the subversion of Italian democracy .
In 1948 , Italy was leaning towards a leftist government .
Washington spent millions of dollars on propaganda to ensure that the election results were consistent with US desires .
While the US bullied its way without resorting to violence , it later came to light that the CIA had organized a secret paramilitary army of 15,000 troops in Italy called ‘ Operation Gladio ( derived from the Latin gladius meaning sword ) with hidden stockpiles of weapons and explosives ready to resort to violence in the event that the elections did not go Washington ’s way .
Operation Gladio continued into several other European countries .
Many members of Operation Gladio were also in a shadowy organization known as P - 2 .
One of P - 2's specialties was the art of provocation .
Leftist organizations were infiltrated , financed and / or created , and the resulting acts of terrorism were blamed on the left .
The aim of this ‘ successful ’ strategy was to show how violent and dangerous the left was and to turn the people against them .
The strategy of terrorism , provocation , and propaganda is at work in Iraq today .
This carefully planned strategy started with the bombing of the Askariya Shrine — the deliberate start of the Sunni -Shia divide .
In 1982 , Oded Yinon , a senior advisor at the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs and a journalist , articulated the Zionist plan to Balkanize the Middle East by breaking up the Arab states of Egypt , Syria , Iraq , Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States .
“ The dissolution of Syria and Iraq later on into ethnically or religiously unique areas such as in Lebanon , is Israel ’s primary target on the Eastern front in the long run , while the dissolution of the military power of those states serves as the primary short - term target , ” Yinon wrote .
While the blame was put squarely on the Sunnis for the bombing of the mosque , the Shias are blamed for taking revenge on the Sunnis , but not just any Shias , the ‘ Shia extremists backed by Iran ’ .
This is the President ’s call to war on Iran — Operation Galio or false flag at work .
But the operation is not yet complete .
It has been announced that the President has authorized the troops to kill or capture Iranians in Iraq .
This White House has a minimum of 3,800 P - 2 operatives in Iraq — they are the MEK .
( It is worthwhile repeating that MEK — Mojahedeen-e Kahlg — are a terrorist organization responsible for the assassination of Americans who have been given special persons status by President Bush .
See : US State Department : Chapter 6 , Terrorist Groups . )
Operation Gladio is a success at the word go !
A single MEK member can be captured with explosives provided by the US and Iran would be implicated .
Mr. Bush would have the American people on his side , and indeed , the world , while the whistle of bombs would shut out the cry of the innocent and they run for cover in Iran .
It is an irony that the speech by Pope Benedict XVI which caused so much outrage in the Moslem world , Sunni and Shia alike , made reference to the Prophet Mohammad ’s sword , yet the ‘ sword ’ in Operation Gladio now being taken up in Iraq to slaughter Moslems in the most devious fashion has not invoked the good Pope to speak up against the evil taking place under his nose .
However , as the Pope ’s speech demonstrated , this White House must realize that people steadfastly unite in the face of a greater enemy .
This administration must also bear in mind that had there been a divide between the Moslem sects , and a fear of a Shia ascent , A.Q. Khan and the predominantly Pakistani government would not have allowed the export of nuclear technology and equipment to Shia Iran .
The effect of the propaganda that is temporarily driving the people of the Middle East apart will wane .
At that point , the frenzy that drove their passion and hatred will be directed towards the very source that instigated their hatred .
This White House must be cautious that an attack on Iran will bring with it the retaliation of the Islamic Sword for generations to come .
The American people must demand a different legacy from their President than the one he is condemning them to .
Soraya Sepahpour - Ulrich has lived and studied in Iran , the UK , France , and the US .
She obtained her Bachelors Degree in International Relations from the University of Southern California , Los Angeles .
She is currently pursuing her education in Middle East studies and Public Diplomacy .
Soraya has done extensive research on US foreign policy towards Iran and Iran ’s nuclear program .
She can be reached at [ email protected ]
America 's Kingdom
Mythmaking on the Saudi Oil Frontier
By Robert Vitalis
STANFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS ; 353 Pages ; $ 29.95
The 125th anniversary issue of CVX , Chevron 's corporate magazine , recounts a story of adventure and the bridging of cultures .
In 1934 , the Standard Oil Company of California ( Socal ) sent chief geologist Max Steineke and his team to Saudi Arabia , where , after enduring four years of baking heat and mirages in the salt flats of the eastern desert , he finally discovered oil .
Steineke bonded deeply with his Arabian hosts -- " he left the most beautiful touches in the heart , " said ' Abd al - ' Aziz Shalfan , one of Socal 's first Saudi employees -- and thus established the foundation for a mutually beneficial partnership between Saudi Arabia and American oil companies that would last for decades .
So shimmers the historical halo around the Arabian American Oil Company , formed in 1944 to exploit the oil riches of Saudi Arabia 's Eastern Province .
But it is a halo , argues political scientist Robert Vitalis , that has required careful and deliberate cleaning over the years .
From the beginning , ARAMCO 's camps in Dhahran were set up according to a strict hierarchy of racial divisions .
Ostensibly based on skill levels , this system allocated the best housing and amenities to Americans -- of all ranks -- while European and South Asian workers had to make do with significantly less , and Saudi workers were consigned to " barastis , " palm - frond huts without floors or lights .
A visiting State Department official called the company 's camp " a disgrace to American enterprise , " while the American vice consul at Dhahran visited the company hospital and reported that " it is apparent that ARAMCO 's medical director takes little interest in the health and care of Arabs . "
ARAMCO fought hard to preserve its image as an exemplar of enlightened self - interest , and as a bringer of development to Saudi Arabia .
It argued that other oil firms in the region treated their workers even more poorly , and blamed the Saudi government for forcing segregation on ARAMCO for religious reasons .
Vitalis rejects the company 's " exceptionalist " thesis , pointing out that in countries like Iran -- which , before a CIA - backed coup in 1953 , had a parliament , a press and unions -- oil company reforms had gone much further than in Saudi Arabia .
Further , ARAMCO 's camp design was not a unique response to local religious culture , but was rather a direct descendant of the segregated camps set up by mining and oil firms in the American Southwest in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Quite naturally , the company also found itself plagued by the same kinds of labor problems afflicting its predecessors in the United States .
Between 1945 and 1956 ( when Saudi Arabia made inciting a demonstration or strike punishable by two years in jail ) , ARAMCO 's Saudi and foreign workers staged a number of significant strikes and transportation boycotts .
The company and the U.S. Embassy reacted by blaming foreign agents and imported communist ideology , unwilling to credit the notion that workers could be motivated by a desire to improve their conditions and achieve greater equality .
As one former ARAMCO executive reminisced , " for a lot of people in the oil business back then ... if you were n't pro-ARAMCO you were pro-communist . "
A similar defensiveness would come to mark the company 's dealings with the Saudi bureaucracy .
Though relations with the House of Saud remained close , the well - educated , nationalist bureaucrats who were assuming positions of power during the 1950s and early 1960s ( men like Abdallah Tariki , who would soon become minister of petroleum and one of the founders of OPEC ) came into frequent conflict with the Americans , who feared a Nasser - inspired revolution and the nationalization of ARAMCO .
Tariki only added to these fears by seeming incorruptible ; when warned by ARAMCO negotiators that increasing " Arabization " of the company would mean a loss of revenue for the kingdom , Tariki responded that he was " not interested in profits but in principles . "
The American government , meanwhile , had similar worries .
With Middle Eastern monarchies being toppled or threatened by nationalist movements , Washington wanted stability preserved in Saudi Arabia , whose regime not only served as a bulwark against communism but had a direct bearing on the future of " our largest single overseas private enterprise , " as presidential adviser Walt Rostow described ARAMCO .
But since the preservation of monarchies was not one of America 's public goals , King Saud found himself hailed instead as a great modernizer , even as he squandered oil revenues on military hardware and empty palaces ; likewise , Saud 's successor , Crown Prince Faisal , who was proclaimed a reformer even as he clamped down on the press , locked up dissidents and shut down the country 's fleeting experiment with local elections .
" America 's Kingdom " is a fascinating exercise in what Vitalis refers to as " reverse - engineering " the power of such myths and the process of their construction , a process driven by corporation magazines , popular histories and even the reporting of major newspapers .
He is particularly critical of the New York Times , whose reporter Dana Adams Schmidt managed to parrot the U.S. government line almost perfectly , extolling Saud and then Faisal in such similar language that the paper " might as well have pulled the old story out , changed some names , and refiled it when Faisal arrived . "
Nor , unfortunately , have we grown out of this vice : American and British elites today praise visionary Iraqi and Afghan leaders to the heavens -- right up until the moment it becomes necessary to explain away policy failures by hinting at how disappointing our clients have turned out to be .
Myth , it turns out , is a remarkably flexible tool , and this alone will ensure its permanence in our political culture .
The key to a healthy heart ?
A team led by Imperial College London , which studied 4,680 people aged 40 - 59 , said it was not clear why eating more vegetable protein had such an effect .
But amino acids - the building blocks of protein - or vegetable components , like magnesium , may be key , they said .
However , they found no strong evidence that high meat consumption is linked to high blood pressure .
The study features in Archives of Internal Medicine .
Understanding more about these vegetarian proteins could help guide us in how to prevent or treat heart and circulatory disease
Belinda Linden
British Heart Foundation
Some types of amino acid have been shown to influence blood pressure , for instance arginine has been shown to dilate the blood vessels .
Different proportions of amino acids are found in meat and vegetarian matter .
Healthy lifestyle
Writing in the journal , the researchers , led by Professor Paul Elliott , said more research was needed to pin down exactly why vegetables helped lower blood pressure .
High blood pressure is associated with an increased risk of heart disease and stroke .
But they stressed : " Our results are consistent with current recommendations that a diet high in vegetable products be part of a healthy lifestyle for prevention of high blood pressure and related chronic diseases . "
Belinda Linden , medical spokesperson for the British Heart Foundation , said previous research had also shown that blood pressure was better controlled with a vegetarian diet .
She said : " Vegetables contain less salt and more antioxidant vitamins , are low in calories , high in fibre and also help to control diabetes .
" Having proteins found in vegetables rather than those derived from animals may offer a number of natural benefits for people who are at a high risk of coronary heart disease , stroke or diabetes .
" Understanding more about these vegetarian proteins could help guide us in how to prevent or treat heart and circulatory disease and allow us to lead an appropriate healthy lifestyle . "
During the study , volunteers had their blood pressure read eight times .
Each participant wrote down everything they had eaten and drunk over the previous 24 hours before each check - up , including dietary supplements .
Q . What ’s your perception of where we ’re headed with even conservative predictions for growth of both populations and energy use ?
A. I think we ’re headed straight back to the Earth ’s second stable state , which is a hot state that it ’s been in many times before in the past .
It ’s about 14 degrees warmer than it is in these parts of the world now .
It means roughly that most life on the planet will have to move up to the Arctic basin , to the few islands that are still habitable and to oases on the continents .
It will be a much - diminished world .
Q. Can you explain why you think nuclear power is so vital ?
A . The really bad thing we did way back when was starting to burn things in the atmosphere to get energy .
We started with fire , just cooking food , and probably could have gotten away with that .
But once we started burning forests to drive the animals out as a cheap way of hunting , then we started on our downward course .
What we ’re doing now with fossil fuels is just as bad .
We live in a nuclear - powered universe .
We ’re the oddballs by getting energy from burning carbon .
My justification of nuclear power is that we ’ve reached a stage now where the dire things that threaten us are so great that even the results of an all - out nuclear war pale into insignificance as unimportant compared to what ’s going to happen .
Q . You seem to say we have to get over the idea that renewable energy sources — wind , solar — in the short run , are a useful way out of this .
Roma – “ Rispetto a Windows , con Linux cambiano i nomi dei programmi… per il resto è tutto molto simile .
All ’inizio ho avuto un po ’ di problemi .
Adesso sto incominciando ad abituarmi .
I programmi sono migliori secondo me , con molte funzioni in più .
Il fatto di non pagare , poi , è bellissimo !
E poter scaricare da casa nostra tutto ciò che si vuole gratis è ancora più bello ! ” .
La “ rivoluzione ” passa da queste semplici parole scritte da un alunno delle scuole elementari altoatesine che ha iniziato a “ masticare ” programmi open source da poco .
Insieme ai suoi compagni sta scoprendo il software non proprietario e inizia ad infarinarsi di concetti centrali , come la condivisione del sapere , la libertà di sviluppo e molto altro ancora .
Già , perché in Alto Adige stanno tentando una sfida che ha del pionieristico : i sistemi informatici di tutte le scuole ( elementari e medie ) in lingua italiana della Provincia Autonoma di Bolzano / Bozen , sono stati aggiornati con il sistema operativo libero FUSS - Soledad GNU / Linux , una personalizzazione , realizzata da un team di esperti , della più conosciuta distribuzione Debian GNU / Linux .
Free Upgrade Southtyrol ’s Schools ( FUSS ) è un progetto finanziato dal Fondo Sociale Europeo .
“ L’idea di fondo del progetto è pensare l’informatica come strumento trasversale per l’insegnamento ” , si legge nel sito , “ e non solo come disciplina specifica o come semplice addestramento all ’utilizzo di alcuni pacchetti software , fornendo in questo modo un valido supporto alla didattica .
In conformità a questa scelta distribuiamo a studenti , docenti e famiglie il software utilizzato a scuola , favorendo in questo modo una cultura informatica basata sulla condivisione e la diffusione delle conoscenze ” .
Ad oggi circa 16.000 ragazzi hanno trovato nelle loro scuole 2.460 PC nei quali gira solo ed esclusivamente software libero .
Una scelta dettata anche dal miglior adeguamento del software per le esigenze specifiche dei singoli corsi di studio .
Una vera novità per insegnanti ed alunni che hanno dovuto superare il blocco psicologico del “ diverso ” , oltrepassato brillantemente da tutti , ma non sempre facilmente .
Ora i giovani studenti sembrano essere più che soddisfatti .
Un segnale importante .
Per capire la portata del progetto basta elencare qualche numero : sono 83 scuole coinvolte , 2460 pc , 70 server , 1.600 docenti , 16.000 studenti , 20.000 live - cd distribuiti tra gennaio e febbraio 2006 , 120 cdrom utilizzati per le installazioni , 12 mila chilometri percorsi dai tecnici che hanno dovuto lavorare nei diversi plessi scolastici .
A Paolo Zilotti , responsabile IT dell ’ Intendenza Scolastica della Provincia di Bolzano , abbiamo chiesto di illustrarci meglio difficoltà e successi .
Punto Informatico : Come prima cosa chiariamo il perché di questo progetto
Paolo Zillotti : La scelta di usare software libero nella scuola è anzitutto , al di là delle ragioni economiche o tecniche , una scelta etica e politica .
È cioè la scelta di rifarsi , nell ’insegnamento , ai valori della libertà e della condivisione del sapere , e non solo quella di usare software efficiente , stabile e sicuro .
PI : Diciamo quindi software libero come valore educativo ?
PZ : La filosofia che sta alla base del software libero , quella della libertà di accesso alle informazioni e della condivisione della conoscenza , si adatta naturalmente al compito educativo di una nuova scuola .
Inoltre usare software libero rappresenta la scelta di utilizzare patrimonio comune dell ’umanità , il cui miglioramento e diffusione vanno a beneficio di tutti , e non di una singola entità .
PI : Come è iniziata questa avventura altoatesina ?
PZ : Il piano di azione per lo sviluppo della società dell ’informazione in Alto Adige “ e- Suedtirol 2004 - 2008 ” , fa esplicito riferimento al ruolo fondamentale della scuola nella fase di alfabetizzazione informatica della società altoatesina e auspica la creazione di Centri di Competenza per supportare l’innovazione , in particolar modo per quanto concerne l’introduzione di software libero nella pubblica amministrazione e nella scuola .
PI : … dal luglio 2005 avete iniziato la fase operativa …
PZ : La Sovrintendenza scolastica italiana , in convenzione con la Formazione professionale in lingua italiana , ha deciso di promuovere la realizzazione congiunta di sperimentazioni , progetti , percorsi formativi e materiali didattici , ai fini di aumentare le conoscenze e le competenze degli operatori scolastici circa i programmi per computer distribuiti con licenza libera .
Abbiamo attraversato diverse fasi ora siamo al dunque .
PI : Come hanno reagito gli insegnanti ?
PZ : Superato il momento di panico iniziale ed il carico di lavoro maggiore dovuto all ’apprendimento di nuove modalità operative , l’operazione è stata accettata senza grosse difficoltà .
PI : Sono stati organizzati corsi di aggiornamento ?
PZ : Certo , corsi brevi di 10/20h ( desktop , open office , specifici per discipline di insegnamento , programmi specifici ) , amministrazione di sistema , per un totale di circa 2.400 h. ai quali hanno partecipato oltre il 50 % dei docenti in forma assolutamente volontaria .
Addirittura fra qualche giorno sono previsti “ Installation party ” in tutto il territorio provinciale , vere e proprie feste e momenti di confronto .
PI : Lei che è il responsabile per le 83 scuole coinvolte , può spiegare a chi volesse tentare di replicare il vostro progetto quali sono state le difficoltà maggiori ?
PZ : Le fasi più impegnative sono state l’installazione dei sistemi ( luglio - agosto ) portata a termine in 23 giorni , l’adeguamento alle esigenze delle singole scuole ; la revisione quotidiana : piano operativo , metodologie , segnalazione / discussione e risoluzione delle problematiche riscontrate .
PI : E gli alunni come hanno reagito ?
PZ : Come si può vedere anche qui i pareri sono tutti entusiasti .
Tutti erano abituati a Windows ed i primi momenti di transizione sono stati i più difficili .
Ma lo smarrimento è durato pochissimo .
Ora hanno capito quante potenzialità in più possono sfruttare .
Penso abbiano recepito anche la logica e la filosofia di fondo .
Ma la cosa che li ha divertiti di più è stata quella di non pagare e di poter scaricare tutto da Internet semplicemente … molti proprio non riuscivano a crederci .
PI : Per finire ci dia una panoramica dell ’ hardware utilizzato
PZ : Non è stato acquistato hardware ad - hoc ma utilizzato quello già presente nelle scuole .
Per i desktop , una compilation che va da PIII 400 fino a Athlon64 / PIV 3000 , lo stesso per i server ( biprocessori PIV , Xeon ) .
Per quanto riguarda le distribuzioni , parliamo di i386 basata su Debian GNU / Linux che prevede due versioni : standard e live installabile .
Base comune tra server e client :
– server : servizi vari ( ldap , bind , samba , nfs , http , db , proxy / cache , content filter , firewall , router )
– client : applicativi vari organizzati per task .
Le personalizzazioni : installer , kernel , desktop , task a seconda del tipo di scuola , accesso semplificato alle funzioni principali , desktop predefinito GNOME ( KDE è incluso ) , 5 lingue installate di default e configurate ( it , de , en , fr , es ) .
a cura di Alessandro Biancardi
Posted by Big Gav
Past Peak points to a story about the unfolding impact of global warming on the arctic .
hey never used to need air conditioners up in the Arctic .
But earlier this year , officials in the Canadian Inuit territory of Nunavik authorized the installation of air conditioners in official buildings for the first time .
Artificial cooling was necessary , they decided , because summertime temperatures in some southern Arctic villages have climbed into the 80s in recent years .
Inuit families in the region never used to need to shop in grocery stores , either .
But the Arctic seas that always stayed frozen well into the summer have started breaking open much earlier , cutting off hunters from the seasonal caribou herds on which their families depend for sustenance .
And experienced Inuit hunters , as comfortable reading ice conditions as professional golfers are reading greens , had seldom fallen through the ice and drowned .
But this year in Alaska , more than a dozen vanished into the sea .
" These are men used to running their trap lines , people who know the area well , yet they are literally falling through , they are just gone , " said Patricia Cochran , executive director of the Alaska Native Science Commission in Anchorage and chairwoman of the Inuit Circumpolar Council .
" The ice conditions are just so drastically different from all of their hunting lifetimes . "
It took a while , but global warming , the relentless greenhouse gas phenomenon that most scientists believe has altered climates across much of the rest of the world , appears to have finally breached the northern polar redoubt .
And the effects on aboriginal societies trying to hold fast to traditional ways have been jarring .
The people of this far northern Canadian hamlet of 250 used to hunt eider ducks every summer , using the meat and eggs for food and the soft feathers for clothing .
But this past summer was the third in a row that the Inuit could n't reach the nesting grounds because the ice around them was too thin .
The seals have changed , as well .
" Now when we are trying to take the fur off the seals , it 's very hard to do , " said David Kalluk , 65 , a village elder and veteran hunter .
" It 's like it 's burned onto them .
Maybe this is because the sea is warmer . "
Wayne Davidson , the resident meteorologist in Resolute Bay for 20 years , says monthly temperatures throughout the year are 5 to 11 degrees higher than recent historical averages .
For example , Davidson said , the average daily temperature last March was minus 13.4 degrees Fahrenheit , compared with an average of minus 24.2 degrees from 1947 to 1991 .
" Science for us in the Arctic is experience , " Davidson said .
" Resolute used to be a horrible place to live as far as weather is concerned , absolutely brutal .
Now it 's much milder . " [...]
" The basic question of global warming is no longer a subject of dispute in the scientific literature , " said Naomi Oreskes , a professor of the history of science at the University of California , San Diego , who reviewed 928 scientific papers about climate change published between 1993 and 2003 and found none challenging evidence of human contributions to global warming .
" The discussion has moved on to how quickly will things change in the future , the rate of ice melting and differing climate models , " Oreskes said .
" There 's almost nobody left anymore who does n't accept that global warming is real . "
It certainly feels real enough to the people of Resolute Bay .
From their perch on the edge of the Barrow Strait , they watched this summer as the waters of their rocky bay melted and filled with drifting icebergs — a view as depressing as it was picturesque , because in years past the water remained frozen solid enough to traverse aboard sleds and snowmobiles to their traditional hunting grounds .
" The heat of the sun is different now , " said Kalluk , the village elder , trying to make sense of the changes .
" I think there is global warming , because snow that has never melted before is starting to melt now . "
MOST of the power generated by mankind originates from the sun .
It was sunlight that nurtured the early life that became today 's oil , gas and coal .
It is the solar heating of the Earth 's atmosphere and oceans that fuels wave power , wind farms and hydroelectric schemes .
But using the sun 's energy directly to generate power is rare .
Solar cells account for less than 1 % of the world 's electricity production .
Recent technological improvements , however , may boost this figure .
The root of the problem is that most commercial solar cells are made from silicon , and silicon is expensive .
Cells can be made from other , cheaper materials , but these are not as efficient as those made from silicon .
The disparity is stark .
Commercial silicon cells have efficiencies of 15 % to 20 % .
In the laboratory , some have been made with an efficiency of 30 % .
The figure for non-traditional cells is far lower .
A typical cell based on electrically conductive plastic has an efficiency of just 3 % or 4 % .
What is needed is a way to boost the efficiency of cells made from cheap materials , and three new ways of doing so were unveiled this week in San Francisco , at the annual meeting of the American Chemical Society .
... The technique used by Dr Lee and Dr Heeger boosts the efficiency of plastic cells to 5.6 % .
That is still poor compared with silicon , but it is a big improvement on what was previously possible .
Dr Lee concedes that there is still a long way to go , but says that even an efficiency of 7 % would bring plastic cells into competition with their silicon cousins , given how cheap they are to manufacture .
A second approach , taken by Michael Grätzel of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , is to copy nature .
Plants absorb solar energy during photosynthesis .
They use it to split water into hydrogen ions , electrons and oxygen .
The electrons released by this reaction are taken up by carrier molecules and then passed along a chain of such molecules before being used to power the chemical reactions that ultimately make sugar .
Dye - sensitised solar cells seek to mimic this assembly line .
The dye acts like chlorophyll , the pigment that makes plants green and that is responsible for absorbing sunlight and liberating electrons .
The electrons are passed via a semiconductor to an electrode , through which they leave the cell .
By using a dye called phthalocyanine , which absorbs not only visible light but also infra-red wavelengths , Dr Grätzel has been able to raise the efficiency of the process to 11 % .
That , he says , should be enough to make dye - sensitised cells competitive with silicon .
The third technique , being developed by Prashant Kamat of the University of Notre Dame , Indiana , and his colleagues , uses that fashionable scientific tool , the carbon nanotube .
Group IV Semiconductor , Inc. , Ottawa , CA , has announced a three - year , $ 9.1 million initiative aimed at developing solid state lighting products made of silicon that use 90 per cent less energy than a traditional incandescent light bulb and last up to 50 times longer .
The goal of Group IV 's silicon - based technology is to dramatically reduce the cost of solid - state lighting — overcoming the critical price barrier and enabling widespread adoption .
While compact fluorescent bulbs ( CFLs ) have caught on lately with their promise of energy savings , they ’re still only about 20 to 25 percent efficient .
Lamps that use solid - state lighting ( SSL ) technology , by comparison , can achieve efficiency levels as high as 80 percent .
The global lighting market is worth about $ 12 - billion , Group IV estimates .
The company says about 20 per cent of the world 's electricity demand is for lighting through light bulbs .
Indonesia has notified Japanese companies that it intends to halve exports of liquefied natural gas to Japan by as early as 2010 , sources said Thursday ... With the soaring price of crude oil , and growing concerns over environmental problems , countries including China , South Korea and the United States have started importing LNG .
This increase in demand from other nations , and subsequent reduction in LNG imports from Indonesia , is likely to have a significant impact on Japan 's energy strategy , observers note . "
( Hmmm ... you think ? )
" Japan hopes to compensate for the reduced amount with imports from other locations such as the Sakhalin - 2 project plant in Russia .
However , with the Russian government recently cancelling a permit for an oil and gas development project by an international joint venture , the prospects for domestic gas and electric company procurement have become increasingly gloomy .
.... Japanese companies are currently negotiating with the Indonesian government on the assumption that imports will be cut by half in the renewed contracts .
But with the Indonesian government suggesting it may call for further dramatic reductions , negotiations could become even more complicated , the sources said .
Bear with me for a second here .
This is n't an easy topic .
That 's because no one understands Credit - Default Swaps ( CDSs ) , or other complex credit - derivatives , but it is important that we try to understand the implications of their exponential increase .
Sure , some people claim to understand : hedge fund managers , investment bankers , etc .
They understand the derivatives marketplace just like neuroscientists understand consciousness — they know the component parts , they can use them as tools barely under their control , but when it comes to understanding exactly how the greater dynamic emerges from the component parts they are in the dark .
No one really understands the credit - derivative market , but everyone is impacted by it .
Credit - derivatives represent the creation of money out of thin air , like some act of financial wizardry .
Take a Credit - Default Swap , for example .
Here ’s how it works : Corp .
A needs to raise funds to expand operations , so they issue a $ 10 million bond .
Pension Fund B buys that bond , but is concerned with the risk of Corp .
A going bankrupt and defaulting on the bond .
So Hedge Fund C offers what is , in effect an insurance policy — Pension Fund B pays Hedge Fund C $ 200,000 , and in exchange if Corp .
A defaults on the bond , Hedge Fund C covers the $ 10 million for Bank B .
Here ’s the magic : because this insurance policy creates the market for this otherwise too - risky bond from Corp .
A in the first place , and because the par-value of the credit - default swap ( the insurance policy ) that the Hedge fund issues does nothing more than eat up the difference between the risk - premium on this bond , this $ 200,000 that the hedge fund makes is essentially fabricated out of thin air .
Do n’t forget to sprinkle in a liberal portion of fractional - reserve - banking fairy dust and viola : now you understand the credit - derivatives market as well as anyone else in the world .
Clear as mud ?
Try this on for size : there were $ 25 Trillion dollars in credit derivatives issued so far in 2006 .
That ’s about half the size of the world economy .
Oh , and it ’s unreported , unregulated , and largely non-transparent .
But wait , it gets better
A few months ago , I plugged David Korten 's latest book The Great Turning : From Empire to Earth Community , which deals with one of my favorite topics , namely extricating oneself from the great " rat race " as much as possible .
This resulted in a good conversation about the book .
But while the book serves as a fine overview of how we came to be in the present mess , the final three chapters on what to do about it were on the weak side .
They did n't leave the reader with a clear set of ideas on what to do after they had finished reading it .
Now a new book is out which performs this task admirably although there is no connection between the two .
It 's called The Flip : Turn Your World Around and is co-written by Jared Rosen and David Rippe .
I would say that the book title refers to a mental or gestalt flip we can all do instantly to change how we view situations and circumstances .
I am about half - way through this book and like very much the way it 's organized .
The eleven chapters focus on the key areas of life such as our values , health , finances , media exposure , diets , religion , and work life , etc .
The first half of every chapter explains how to look at these areas differently -- in a healthier and more balanced manner -- and then the second half provides short interviews with people who did " the Flip " and serve as living proof that it can be done .
Each chapter is short and easy to digest but offers a fresh perspective .
I find that often all that 's required to make a change in one 's life is to first simply realize that there are other ways of being and doing .
This book is a good starting point for doing the flip .
Let me share a personal example with you .
Back in 1982 one of my philosophy profs was talking about the detrimental effect watching television has on your life .
He summed his position up with the immortal words , " If you watch television , Madison Avenue has your mind colonized . "
I thought about it for a few days and then cancelled my cable subscription and left the set connected only to the VCR ( now replaced by a DVD player which is used to watch two movies per week from Netflix . )
I have never regretted the decision to rid myself of the lobotomy box .
The United States is an unusual country in that it does not have a government in the normal sense of the word .
This is because many politicians who ostensibly represent the people are primarily answerable to , and therefore controlled by , the big business interests who ultimately determine their fate .
These interests are collectively known as the Military - Industrial complex and this power grid is the effective government of the United States .
The Defense , Oil and Pharmaceutical lobbies in particular have immense power in Washington .
This state of affairs explains why the food supply in the United States is adulterated with genetically modified crops and harmful additives such as Aspartame , and other substances that promote obesity .
When the Cold War ended in the early 90's , the people had a reasonable right to expect a " peace dividend " - reduced defense expenditure , because the United States no longer had any enemies of significance .
The defense industry did n't like this at all , they were getting a big slice of the pie , and it is reasonable to suppose that they would bring whatever leverage they could to bear to ensure that their cut did not decrease , and if they could get it increased , so much the better .
It is therefore obvious that the events of 11th September 2001 were like a Las Vegas jackpot to them .
Barely had the victims been buried than big increases in the Defense budget were announced .
Big defense budgets require an enemy to justify them , and if there is no enemy , well , you just have to invent one , hence the " War on Terror " .
Clearly , it is not enough to have an enemy in name only , you need , in addition , to get them stirred up and energized , and hence readily identifiable to the masses back home as an enemy .
This is achieved by perpetrating atrocities and outrages against them , and making sure that these are publicized sufficiently to get the populations of the target countries or racial or religious groups sufficiently incensed to take to the streets and want revenge , the goal being to foment as much polarization as possible .
This is the underlying reason for the interrogation and torture of prisoners , and for the recent pulverizing of Lebanon by Axis forces emanating from Israel .
The elites within the Axis powers , who , to whatever extent they are religious , are either Christians or Zionists , view Arabs and Muslims in the same way that a gardener regards ants or termites - at best as an irrelevance to be tolerated , perhaps utilized as a source of slave labor , and at worst as a pest to be exterminated .
When you understand this point you can readily appreciate why the Axis powers would be quite happy to foment an inter -Arab war , Shiites versus Sunnis , for example , and then stand back and watch with satisfaction as they wipe each other out - as long as they do n't damage the oilfields .
Not that they have much more respect for citizens in their own countries , who they broadly class into two groups .
One is civilians who are farmed for their labor and tax revenue ; the working classes of course , but also the broad swath of the middle class , the stewards of the system , who like to think that they are in control of their own lives , but are in reality just operatives for the elites .
The other group is military personnel who are the unwitting henchmen that do their dirty work in far flung lands , putting their lives on the line to serve their master 's geopolitical ambitions .
Dr Josef Goebbels , the godfather of propaganda , who was head of propaganda in Nazi Germany in the 30‘s , would have thought he had woken up in heaven , had he found himself suddenly transposed to being in charge of the Axis propaganda machine in our times .
The greatest mind control machine in the history of the human race , the television set , is to be found in virtually every home in the developed world , sometimes several of them , and the people were n't forced to accept them , they went out and bought them of their own accord .
The seductive allure of the screen is much more attractive to most than the effort involved in reading .
Nowadays the television is the main source of information for the vast majority of the population - if you can gain control of its throughput you can control the minds of the masses .
In the United States , almost all Newspaper and Television stations are controlled from above by the process of syndication , which means there is in effect no such thing as an independent local press .
Bernays defined the profession of " counsel on public relations " as a " practicing social scientist " whose " competence is like that of the industrial engineer , the management engineer , or the investment counselor in their respective fields . "
To assist clients , PR counselors used " understanding of the behavioral sciences and applying them — sociology , social psychology , anthropology , history , etc . "
In Propaganda , his most important book , Bernays argued that the scientific manipulation of public opinion was necessary to overcome chaos and conflict in society :
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society .
Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country .
...
We are governed , our minds are molded , our tastes formed , our ideas suggested , largely by men we have never heard of .
This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized .
Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society .
...
In almost every act of our daily lives , whether in the sphere of politics or business , in our social conduct or our ethical thinking , we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons ... who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses .
It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind .
Bernays ' celebration of propaganda helped define public relations , but it did not win the industry many friends .
In a letter to President Franklin D. Roosevelt , Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter described Bernays and Ivy Lee as " professional poisoners of the public mind , exploiters of foolishness , fanaticism and self - interest . "
And history showed the flaw in Bernays ' identification of the " manipulation of the masses " as a natural and necessary feature of a democratic society .
The fascist rise to power in Germany demonstrated that propaganda could be used to subvert democracy as easily as it could be used to " resolve conflict . "
In his autobiography , titled Biography of an Idea , Bernays recalls a dinner at his home in 1933 where :
Karl von Weigand , foreign correspondent of the Hearst newspapers , an old hand at interpreting Europe and just returned from Germany , was telling us about Goebbels and his propaganda plans to consolidate Nazi power .
Goebbels had shown
Weigand his propaganda library , the best Weigand had ever seen .
Goebbels , said Weigand , was using my book Crystallizing Public Opinion as a basis for his destructive campaign against the Jews of Germany .
This shocked me .
...
Obviously the attack on the Jews of Germany was no emotional outburst of the Nazis , but a deliberate , planned campaign .
The story of the relationship between Sigmund Freud and his American nephew , Edward Bernays .
Bernays invented the public relations profession in the 1920s and was the first person to take Freud 's ideas to manipulate the masses .
He showed American corporations how they could make people want things they did n't need by systematically linking mass - produced goods to their unconscious desires .
Bernays was one of the main architects of the modern techniques of mass - consumer persuasion , using every trick in the book , from celebrity endorsement and outrageous PR stunts , to eroticising the motorcar .
His most notorious coup was breaking the taboo on women smoking by persuading them that cigarettes were a symbol of independence and freedom .
But Bernays was convinced that this was more than just a way of selling consumer goods .
It was a new political idea of how to control the masses .
By satisfying the inner irrational desires that his uncle had identified , people could be made happy and thus docile .
It was the start of the all - consuming self which has come to dominate today 's world .
The Economist has a look at the rapidly expanding solar power industry - no link to global warming or peak oil , but at least they are paying a small amount of attention to the future .
The Energy Blog has a post on developments in solid state lighting - other recent posts that caught my eye include some on ocean power developments in South Africa and San Francisco , and new battery technology from Firefly and NanoeXa Deconsumption points to an article about Indonesia threatening to cut back LNG exports to demand .
If this eventuates , I suspect it will be good news for at least one of Inpex Woodside or Oil Search Jeff Vail has been meditating on complex credit derivatives and the prospect of financial collapse .
Peter at Karavans has a review of a book called " The Flip " , which includes the great quote " If you watch television , Madison Avenue has your mind colonized " .
I like the way a lot of tinfoil writers refer to TV as the " mind control device ) - or , more subtly , " the glass hammer " .
Hopefully YouTube and Google Video will slowly replace it with something more balanced .
Though I guess its entirely possible we 'll just end up with MySpace instead ... ( Karavans also recently hosted a Carnival of the Green ) .
An example of TV being referred to as a mind control device can be found in this rambling essay on the likelihood of an attack on Iran and the impact on oil prices ( amazingly enough he thinks they will go up ) .
I 'm not sure Josef Goebbels should really be called the godfather of propaganda - he was more of a skilled practitioner ( though the best propaganda would n't be seen as such - it would be generally be believed by most " normal " people to be true ) .
The actual father of propaganda was a man named Edward Bernays , who was a nephew of Sigmund Freud .
Bernays and his work were the subject of a TV series by Adam ( " Power of Nightmares " ) Curtis called The Century of the Self
Feeling the heat : Plants ' behaviour is affected by the climate
Scientists from the Met Office and the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) say the year was probably the hottest in central England since records began .
The average growing season temperature was the highest recorded in central England , while previous maximums for individual months were also passed .
Globally , 2006 was the sixth hottest year on record , cooled by La Nina conditions in the Pacific Ocean .
The top 10 warmest years recorded globally have all occurred during the last 12 years .
Hotter than July
The Central England Temperature Record ( CET ) is the oldest continuous dataset for temperature anywhere in the world .
THE 10 WARMEST YEARS 2006 10.84C ( 1.37C above average ) 1999 10.63C ( + 1.16C ) 1990 10.63C ( + 1.16C ) 1949 10.62C ( + 1.15C ) 2002 10.60C ( + 1.13C ) 1997 10.53C ( + 1.06C ) 1995 10.52C ( +1.05C ) 2003 10.50C ( + 1.03C ) 1989 10.50C ( +1.03C ) 2004 10.48C ( + 1.01C ) ( Difference from mean Central England Temperature 1961-90 )
Its principal finding this year is that the average temperature for 2006 was almost certainly the highest ever seen in 347 years of CET measurements .
Researchers cannot be absolutely certain until the year has ended .
The average temperature for the year up to 13 December stands at 10.84C .
In the 1950s , the CET showed an average of about 9.4C .
" This year sees the highest average temperature recorded since the CET series began in 1659 , and the rise above the average is significantly higher than that for the two hottest years we have experienced , " said Professor Phil Jones of UEA 's Climatic Research Unit .
Among the other records set were :
the warmest ever April to October growing season , with a mean temperature of 14.6C
the warmest month on record - July , which saw a mean temperature of 19.7C
the warmest ever September , with an average of 16.8C
the highest temperature ever recorded in the UK during July - 36.5C , at Wisley
the warmest ever autumn , with a mean temperature of 12.6C
the highest July temperature ever recorded in Wales - 34.6C at Gogerddan
" The figures support recent research ... which showed links between human behaviour and the warming trend . "
Globally , temperatures were 0.42C above the average for the period 1961 - 1990 .
By comparison , 1998 was 0.52C above average .
The researchers say temperatures were cooled in the first half of the year by La Nina conditions in the Pacific Ocean .
During La Nina , sea surface temperatures in the central and eastern Pacific fall below normal .
La Nina conditions are one extreme of a natural cycle which also incorporates El Nino , associated with higher global temperatures .
Parts of Australia are experiencing their worst drought on record , which is reducing economic growth .
I 've been working in Smallalk and Seaside for quite a while now , but something I have n't quite gotten around to yet is trying to hook Squeak up to a database in a manner that I think could actually scale for a professional project .
Now , I mean directly hook it up , so far , professionally , I 've been using it against web services written in .
Net against Microsoft SQL Server , which scales just fine , but leaves me still working in .
Net , and I 'd much rather work in pure Smalltalk .
Object Databases
I 've tried several object databases , GOODS , Magma , and OmniBase , and while interesting experiences , I find them not quite acceptable for various reasons .
OmniBase is file based , and has odd semantics that make hooking it up to multiple images and programming web apps against it difficult .
GOODS is very low level and bare bones , it works great , but you have to pre-index all your data , it has no query capabilities beyond what you provide in your object model , which can make performance quite horrible unless you know exactly what you 're doing and make very strict choices about how your data is stored .
GOODS is also a one man show , so I 'm not thrilled by the support I 'd have available , were I trying to do something serious with it , though it works great for hobby and prototype programming .
Magma has queries , and is very similar to GOODS as far as ease of use goes but like GOODS , it 's a one man show , and I just would n't feel comfortable doing anything truly serious on a one man show kind of database .
This , for Squeak at least , seems to rule out object databases , for me anyway , though I hear Gemstone is going to support Seaside .
I 'm hopeful , for Gemstone is truly an enterprise ready object database , it 's just vaporware at this point , nothing production ready .
All of them seem rather slow when it comes to bulk inserts , and there are various solutions and workarounds depending on which version of Squeak you 're running , but a guy can only jump through so many hoops before he says " fuck it " .
I 've hit that point more than a few times when working with larger datasets and trying to do bulk inserts or queries .
Now , do n't get me wrong , Goods , Magma , and OmniBase are great products , and I 'm sure have their uses , they 're just not something I 'd throw up to my boss and say " hey , let 's use this for this big upcoming project " , because it's hard enough throwing Squeak at them and having to support that decision over something like .
Net which everyone already knows how to use , let alone taking away their familiar relational databases .
I 'd actually prefer something like Gemstone , time will tell if that preference pans out .
Relational Databases
So , on to relational databases .
Squeak has ODBC support , but it 's single threaded and blocks the VM when querying , so while it works for demos and low traffic apps against pretty much any database , I would n't try anything too big with it ; it just can't scale .
Blocking the whole VM , every time you run a query , just leaves me feeling a bit dirty and not too proud of whatever I just wrote .
Squeak basically supports two popular relational databases that I know of , natively , MySQL and PostgreSQL .
Now , I use MySql for this blog , so I have some experience managing it , and I 'm just not a big fan , compared to Microsoft SQL Server , which I work with professionally daily , MySQL just sucks , but PostgreSQL is a different story , I 'm quite impressed with the latest release , which looks and runs very nice on Windows servers and has a nice admin tool .
MySQL is IMHO not much better than Microsoft Access , it 's not an enterprise database .
PostgreSQL , I think is much more comparable to SqlServer and Oracle and could be used for any size app .
I have much more faith in its abilities and it has some cool features like table inheritance , which to an object bigot like myself , just makes me think relational databases are n't totally void of innovation .
Now if I can just talk my DBA into giving up Sql Server , ummm ... yea , not gonna happen , but I 've got a side project coming up that 'll be totally green field development , no legacy database to worry about , hence my renewed interest in PostgreSQL , my new database of choice with Squeak .
Getting Started
So I installed the latest PostgreSQL , installed the PostgreSQL Client for Squeak from SqueakMap , then the GLORP port from SqueakMap , and gave it a shot .
I was immediately confronted with a nasty error that reminded me why I gave up last time I tried PostgreSQL .
Something about the PostgreSQL driver 's state machine not being valid , luckily enough time had passed that a few minutes Googling turned up a simple answer this time , unlike the last .
PostgreSQL installs with MD5 connection encryption turned on , which Squeak does n't support out of the box .
There are two fixes , either install the Cryptography package from SqueakMap , or turn encryption in PostgreSQL to " password " with a simple configuration change to the pg_hba.conf .
I chose the latter , as its default install only accepts local connections anyway I 'm not too concerned with encryption .
PostgreSQL fires up and runs without a problem , GLORP tests all run fine , so now I just have to learn GLORP and how to map my objects into PostgreSQL , but that , is going to have to be another story .
I 'm going to map the simple blog in Seaside into a PostgreSQL database to learn GLORP , and I 'll post that code once I figure it out .
I 've done a bit already , and so far , I 'm quite happy with GLORP .
What is striking about the current debate in Washington - whether to " surge " troops to Iraq and increase the size of the U.S. Army - is that roughly 100,000 bodies are missing from the equation :
The number of American forces in Iraq is not 140,000 , but more like 240,000 .
What makes up the difference is the huge army of mercenaries - known these days as " private contractors . "
After the U.S. Army itself , they are easily the second - largest military force in the country .
Yet no one seems sure of how many there are since they answer to no single authority .
Indeed , the U.S. Central Command has only recently started taking a census of these battlefield civilians in an attempt to get a handle on the issue ...
The private contractors are Americans , South Africans , Brits , Iraqis and a hodgepodge of other nationalities .
Many of them are veterans of the U.S. or other armed forces and intelligence services , who are now deployed in Iraq ( and Afghanistan and other countries ) to perform duties normally carried out by the U.S. Army , but at salaries two or three times greater than those of American soldiers .
They work as interrogators and interpreters in American prisons ; body guards for top U.S. and Iraqi officials ; trainers for the Iraqi army and police ; and engi-neers constructing huge new U.S. bases .
They are often on the front lines .
In fact , 650 of them have been killed in Iraq since the 2003 invasion
Their salaries , are , in the end , paid directly by the U.S. government - or tacked on as huge additional " security charges " to the bills of private American or other contractors .
Yet the Central Command still does n't have a complete list of who they are or what they are up to .
The final figure could be much higher than 100,000 .
The U.S. Congress , under Republican control until now , knows even less .
Yet these private contractors man their own helicopters and Humvees and look and act just like American troops .
" It takes a great deal of vigilance on the part of the military commander to en-sure contractor compliance , " William L. Nash , a retired general , told the Washington Post .
" If you 're trying to win hearts and minds and the contractor is driving 90 miles per hour through the streets and running over kids , that 's not helping the image of the American army .
The Iraqis are n't going to distinguish between a contractor and a soldier . "
But who , in the end , do these contractors answer to ?
The U.S. Central Command ?
Their company boss ?
Or the official they 've been assigned to protect ?
A recent case in point :
The former Iraqi minister of electricity , who had been imprisoned on corruption charges , managed to escape in broad daylight in the heavily fortified Green Zone .
Iraqi officials claim he was spirited away by con-tractors from a private security detail that had been hired when he was minis - ter .
Which raises another question .
Who has jurisdiction over these private contrac - tors if they run afoul of the law in Iraq ?
Also , are they supposed to follow the Geneva Conventions ?
Or George W. Bush 's conventions ?
For instance , according to The New York Times , although 20 civilian contractors working in U.S. prisons in Afghanistan and Iraq - including Abu Ghraib - have been charged with mistreating prisoners , none has ever been successfully prosecuted .
Another point , which brings us back to the discussion about increasing Ameri-can troop levels in Iraq :
It would seem that the Pentagon could outsource a " surge " by a simple accounting sleight of hand , quietly contracting for another 10,000 or 20,000 mercenaries to do the job , and the Congress and press would be none the wiser .
______________
Barry Lando , a former 60 Minutes producer , is the author of " Web of Deceit : The History of Western Complicity in Iraq from Churchill to Kennedy to George W. Bush . "
He also blogs at Barrylando.com .
How to render the Segway Human Transporter obsolete :
Every once in a while someone invents something so simple and elegant that it makes you say " damn , why did n't I think of that ? "
Then there are the other inventions , the ones that make you say " man , I know exactly why I did n't think of that : that 's the dumbest thing I 've ever seen . "
Introducing Segway , transporter of humans .
Of all the places you 'll inevitably be transported to , the first place will be the bank because the Segway will cost you one healthy kidney , $ 4,500 , and a pint of virgin blood .
The reason for this cost : superfluous bullshit like high - voltage field - effect transistors or FETs .
What the hell does a FET do ?
Nobody knows , but I guarantee some nerd spent months writing a graduate thesis on why it 's important ( and failing ) .
The Segway is packed full of useless , but important - sounding extras like " angular - rate sensors " ( or " gyroscopes " to anyone with something better to do than to look up obfuscated $ 6 words to describe a spinning wheel ) , and two digital signal processor controller boards with enough processing power to give even the beefiest desktop PC penis envy .
The controller boards monitor the system 100 times per second for conditions that require a response , adjusting the motors up to 20,000 times per second ( give or take 19,000 ) , making calculations based on information from five solid - state gyroscopes .
You'd think all of this technology would be able to do something useful like cure cancer or make an episode of " Will and Grace " funny , but alas , all it does is balance a pole .
Much like the introduction to an IMAX film , the Segway engineers boast about the inherent inefficiencies of their " innovation : " redundant sensors , microprocessors , and controller boards that cost a fortune , and all for what ?
A balancing act ?
Well I came up with an innovation of my own that will help balance a Segway without years of research and millions of dollars invested in obscure technology .
The secret ?
Yes , that 's right , what many people do n't realize is that you can be just as space efficient and stable with a third wheel .
Hell , it does n't even need to be turned on to balance itself .
Amazing !
In fact , the only thing this revolutionary new model requires from the old Segway are the motors , gear box , wheels and batteries .
Throw the rest of that shit away .
What 's the point of all this technology if it costs a fortune ?
Here 's a bonus : add shock absorbers to the front wheel to compensate for tilt .
Man someone should hire me full time just to ruin other people 's inventions .
I must admit though , the Segway is quite revolutionary .
So revolutionary in fact , that it takes nothing less than a programmer and a few days to build one from scratch for less than half the cost .
The Segway has been thoroughly owned .
2,200,917 people did n't realize how easy it was to hand Dean Kamen his ass on a plate .
© 1997-2017 by Maddox
A UCSF researcher has determined that a key reason for the epidemic of pediatric obesity , now the most commonly diagnosed childhood ailment , is that high - calorie , low - fiber Western diets promote hormonal imbalances that encourage children to overeat .
In a comprehensive review of obesity research published in the August edition of the journal Nature Clinical Practice Endocrinology & Metabolism , Robert Lustig , MD , professor of clinical pediatrics at UCSF Children 's Hospital , says that food manufacturing practices have created a " toxic environment " that dooms children to being overweight .
" It will take acknowledgement of the concepts of biological susceptibility and societal accountability and de-emphasis of the concept of personal responsibility to make a difference in the lives of children , " Lustig says .
According to the National Institutes of Health , the number of children who are overweight in the United States has doubled during the past three decades .
Currently one child in five is overweight .
The increase is true for children and adolescents of all age groups and races and for boys and girls .
Diseases that once were only seen in adults , like type 2 diabetes , now are occurring in increasing numbers in children , according to Lustig .
Overweight children tend to become overweight adults , which also puts them at greater risk of high blood pressure , heart disease , and stroke .
Children who are obese also are socially ostracized and teased , putting them at risk for depression and other psychiatric conditions , he adds .
" Our current Western food environment has become highly ' insulinogenic , ' " Lustig says , " as demonstrated by its increased energy density , high - fat content , high glycemic index , increased fructose composition , decreased fiber , and decreased dairy content . "
" In particular , fructose ( too much ) and fiber ( not enough ) appear to be cornerstones of the obesity epidemic through their effects on insulin , " he adds .
advertisement
Lustig says that it has long been known that the hormone insulin acts on the brain to encourage eating through two separate mechanisms .
First , it blocks the signals that travel from the body 's fat stores to the brain by suppressing the effectiveness of the hormone leptin , resulting in increased food intake and decreased activity .
Second , insulin promotes the signal that seeks the reward of eating carried by the chemical dopamine , which makes a person want to eat to get the pleasurable dopamine " rush . "
Calorie intake and expenditure normally are regulated by leptin , Lustig says .
When leptin is functioning properly it " increases physical activity , decreases appetite , and increases feelings of well - being . "
Conversely , when leptin is suppressed , feelings of well - being and activity decrease and appetite increases -- a state called " leptin resistance . "
Changes in food processing during the past 30 years , particularly the addition of sugar to a wide variety of foods that once never included sugar and the removal of fiber , both of which promote insulin production , have created an environment in which our foods are essentially addictive , he adds .
Lustig also notes that children cannot be blamed or expected to take personal responsibility for their dietary behavior in an environment when the foods they are offered -- especially cheaply prepared " fast foods " that are full of sugar and devoid of fiber -- are toxic .
" The concept of personal responsibility is not tenable in children .
No child chooses to be obese , " he says .
" Furthermore , young children are not responsible for food choices at home or at school , and it can hardly be said that preschool children , in whom obesity is rampant , are in a position to accept personal responsibility . "
" If we do n't fix this , our children will continue to lose , " he emphasizes .
advertisement
One of the nation 's top children 's hospitals , UCSF Children 's Hospital creates a healing environment where children and their families find compassionate care at the edge of scientific discovery , with more than 150 experts in 50 medical specialties serving patients throughout Northern California and beyond .
UCSF is a leading university that consistently defines health care worldwide by conducting advanced biomedical research , educating graduate students in the life sciences , and providing complex patient care .
Presentation Tips
This collection of tips was transcribed from a seminar given in Seattle by Edward Tufte .
He attributes these tips to another author ( but I ca n't remember who it was ) .
Show up early , and something good is bound to happen .
You may have a chance to head off some technical or ergonomic problem .
Also , whereas at the end of a talk people are eager to rush off and avoid traffic , at the beginning they filter in slowly .
It 's a great time to introduce yourself .
, and something good is bound to happen .
You may have a chance to head off some technical or ergonomic problem .
Also , whereas at the end of a talk people are eager to rush off and avoid traffic , at the beginning they filter in slowly .
It 's a great time to introduce yourself .
Have a strong opening .
Tufte offers a few ideas for structuring your opening : Never apologize .
If you 're worried the presentation wo n't go well , keep it to yourself and give it your best shot .
Besides , people are usually too preoccupied with their own problems to notice yours .
Open by addressing the following three questions :
What 's the problem ?
Who cares ?
What 's your solution ?
As an alternate but more sophisticated technique , Tufte offers the following anecdote .
a high - school mathematics teacher was giving a lecture to an intimidating audience : a group of college math professors .
Early in the presentation , the teacher made a mathematical error .
The professors immediately noticed and corrected the problem .
And for the rest of the lecture , they were leaning forward , paying attention to every word , looking for more errors !
.
Tufte offers a few ideas for structuring your opening : PGP : with every subtopic , move from the Particular to the General and back to the Particular .
Even though the purpose of a subtopic is to convey the general information , bracing it with particulars is a good way to draw attention and promote retention .
: with every subtopic , move from the Particular to the General and back to the Particular .
Even though the purpose of a subtopic is to convey the general information , bracing it with particulars is a good way to draw attention and promote retention .
Not so much a tip as a law : Give everyone at least one piece of paper .
A piece of paper is a record , an artifact from your presentation .
People can use that artifact to help recall the details of the presentation , or better yet to tell others about it .
.
A piece of paper is a record , an artifact from your presentation .
People can use that artifact to help recall the details of the presentation , or better yet to tell others about it .
Know your audience .
This is of course a general piece of advice for public speaking , but Tufte adds his own twist : know your audience by what they read .
Knowing what they read tells you what styles of information presentation they are most familiar and comfortable with .
Adapting your presentation to those styles will leave fewer barriers to the direct communication of your material .
.
This is of course a general piece of advice for public speaking , but Tufte adds his own twist : know your audience by what they read .
Knowing what they read tells you what styles of information presentation they are most familiar and comfortable with .
Adapting your presentation to those styles will leave fewer barriers to the direct communication of your material .
Rethink the overhead .
Tufte spent a lot of time explaining why the overhead projector is the worst thing in the world .
There 's a lot of truth to what he said .
Bulleted lists are almost always useless .
Slides with bulleted lists are often interchangeable between talks .
.
Tufte spent a lot of time explaining why the overhead projector is the worst thing in the world .
There 's a lot of truth to what he said .
Bulleted lists are almost always useless .
Slides with bulleted lists are often interchangeable between talks .
The audience is sacred .
Respect them .
Do n't condescend by " dumbing down " your lecture .
Show them respect by saying what you believe and what you know to be the whole story .
. Respect them .
Do n't condescend by " dumbing down " your lecture .
Show them respect by saying what you believe and what you know to be the whole story .
Humour is good , but be careful with it .
Humour in a presentation works best when it actually drives the presentation forward .
If you find you 're using canned jokes that do n't depend on the context of the presentation , eliminate them .
Also , be very careful about jokes that put down a class of people .
If you 're going to alienate your audience , do it on the merits of your content .
, but be careful with it .
Humour in a presentation works best when it actually drives the presentation forward .
If you find you 're using canned jokes that do n't depend on the context of the presentation , eliminate them .
Also , be very careful about jokes that put down a class of people .
If you 're going to alienate your audience , do it on the merits of your content .
Avoid masculine ( or even feminine ! ) pronouns as universals .
It can be a nuisance to half the audience .
As universals , use the plural " they " .
The Oxford English Dictionary has allowed " they " as a gender neutral singular pronoun for years .
.
It can be a nuisance to half the audience .
As universals , use the plural " they " .
The Oxford English Dictionary has allowed " they " as a gender neutral singular pronoun for years .
Take care with questions .
Many people judge the quality of your talk not by the twenty minutes of presentation , but on the thirty seconds you spend answering their question .
Be sure to allow long pauses for questions .
Ten seconds may seem like a long pause when you 're at the front of the room , but it flows naturally from the audience 's point of view .
.
Many people judge the quality of your talk not by the twenty minutes of presentation , but on the thirty seconds you spend answering their question .
Be sure to allow long pauses for questions .
Ten seconds may seem like a long pause when you 're at the front of the room , but it flows naturally from the audience 's point of view .
Let people know you believe your material .
Speak with conviction .
Believing your subject matter is one of the best ways to speak more effectively !
. Speak with conviction .
Believing your subject matter is one of the best ways to speak more effectively !
Finish early , and something good is almost bound to happen .
If nothing else , people will be able to leave early , and suddenly they 'll have an extra couple of minutes to do things they did n't think they 'd get to .
People will really like you if you do that .
, and something good is almost bound to happen .
If nothing else , people will be able to leave early , and suddenly they 'll have an extra couple of minutes to do things they did n't think they 'd get to .
People will really like you if you do that .
Practice .
Practice over and over and over .
If you can , record your presentation .
Play it back and watch yourself .
You 'll discover a thousand horrible , horrible things you never knew about yourself .
Now watch it again without the sound .
Why are your hands flying around like that ?
Now listen to it without the picture .
Get rid of those ums !
Now watch it at twice the normal speed .
This emphasizes low - frequency cycles in your gestures .
. Practice over and over and over .
If you can , record your presentation .
Play it back and watch yourself .
You 'll discover a thousand horrible , horrible things you never knew about yourself .
Now watch it again without the sound .
Why are your hands flying around like that ?
Now listen to it without the picture .
Get rid of those ums !
Now watch it at twice the normal speed .
This emphasizes low - frequency cycles in your gestures .
The two most dehydrating things you can do in modern civilization are live presentations and air travel .
In both , the way to stay sharp is to drink lots of water .
Take care of your body , especially your voice .
If possible , avoid alcohol too .
Post scriptum
October 18th , 1999 : Amazing .
Seems my good deed of providing this list over the web has been carried out before , and pretty close to home .
Ted Romer , a former student in my department , transcribed almost the exact same list back in 1995 !
October 24th , 1999 : I guess the trend is catching .
Recently , AJ attended the Tufte seminar .
She transcribed a more extensive set of notes that you also might want to look at .
October 24th , 1999 : Thanks to Shimon Schocken from Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya for pointing out a typo on this page .
I 'll sleep better tonight !
October 4th , 2001 : Bernhard Reiter points out that the above links to Ted Romer 's home page are now defunct .
I do n't even remember how many years ago he left the department .
It is almost universally accepted now that the Earth is getting warmer .
Simply looking at the statistics will tell you this - people who would argue otherwise tend to be the kind of tinfoil hat people who also believe that imminent magnetic pole reversal will kill everybody on Earth in 2030 - something and that comets do n't exist and so on and so forth .
The real question that we should all be asking ourselves is not whether the Earth is getting warmer .
The question is : how will this affect us ?
Obviously there will be positive effects - for example , to delineate the new period of heat and sunshine , a new fourth season , provisionally titled " Sum - mer " , may have to be introduced into the regular Spring - Autumn - Winter calendar in the United Kingdom , and the opportunity to consume ice cream all year round may also prove attractive .
Also , who would n't want to live on the sunny Swiss coast ?
But , like any change anybody ever made to anything ever , there will also be negative effects , which will most likely outweigh the positive .
As the equatorial regions of our planet grow hotter , vital industries serving the Western world from that region may diminish in capacity and - to put it bluntly - life will not be so cushy .
People will have to relocate in the wake of extreme weather conditions like floods and hurricanes , which will cost the global taxpayer a stunning amount of cash overall .
Granted , it may be that the changes occur smoothly enough that very few people actually perish as the Earth grows warmer , but we will NOT enjoy the transition period and the brave new world WILL prove relatively expensive to adapt to .
Overall , then , the prevailing opinion among scientists ( although this is by no means as universally agreed upon as the existence of global warming itself ) is that global warming would be a bad thing .
It is only upon agreement of this point that we move on to the third question , which is " Can we reduce global warming ? " , and the fourth question , by far the most contentious , " What is causing global warming in the first place ? "
Now , some people take the highly controversial view that global warming is a wholly natural event - the Earth is well known to have gone through phases of being warm and being cold in the past .
The implication they take from this is that global warming cannot , or should not , be fought - we have no choice but to put up with it !
( Note that this is n't actually a logically airtight argument .
Mankind fights and generally wipes the floor with nature all the time . )
Most of the people who put forward this point of view tend to be the kind of people whose corporations ' factories ' continously accelerating output of CO 2 and other greenhouse gases are what most sane observers believe is the actual reason behind global warming .
( GLOBAL WARMING IS PEOPLE !
PEEEEEEEOPLE !)
I take a third point of view .
I'm of a more scientific bent - I am a mathematician , a logician , a rational reasoner .
I say that reducing CO 2 output would n't do the job - even if we reduced it to zero and planted trees to scoop up the excess - because that 's not the CAUSE of global warming .
We need to cut straight to the source .
The Sun is the cause of global warming .
We need to turn off the Sun .
Do n't worry , I do n't mean permanently .
Proposal
The average surface temperature of Earth 's atmosphere is about 14 °C or 287 Kelvins .
This has been measured to increase by about 0.6 Kelvins over the last 200 years , or about 0.2 % of its absolute temperature .
Which means the Sun is giving out roughly 0.2 % more energy than we need to keep it at the required temperature .
Therefore , if we make it so the Sun gives out about 0.2 % less energy , everything will be fine !
Thus I propose that we turn off the Sun for roughly 0.2 % of each solar day , or two to four minutes every 24 hours .
Naturally if these back - of - the - envelope calculations prove inaccurate we can increase or decrease the period of deactivation as needed .
The effects of turning the Sun off for 2 to 4 minutes per day will not differ significantly from those of a total solar eclipse .
Eclipses occur roughly twice per year and typically last a comparable period of time , although eclipses lasting as long as 11 minutes are known to be possible .
Light - sensitive street lights on the affected hemisphere of the Earth will temporarily light up ; birds will stop singing ; people will not be able to see each other very well ; that sort of thing .
Assessment
Pros
We can end global warming now and forever by this method .
We no longer have to worry about strictly limiting our CO 2 output , which would require an enormous effort , as well as being time - consuming and unprofitable .
Atmospheric CO 2 concentrations will no longer be a problem ( until around the year 2100 when they approach the level which is lethal to human life - at which point other solutions will doubtless present themselves ) .
We can save 0.2 % on our energy bill , which , I 'm sure we all know , is both very large and almost completely unpaid .
Cons
The onset of the deactivation would be much more rapid than the minutes - long lead - up period to a solar eclipse - in fact , nearly instantaneous .
In particular , this will catch motorists and cyclists by surprise .
To minimise the danger thus posed , I would propose that the deactivations be arranged to occur as predictably and regularly as possible - preferably at the exact same time every day .
In order that the minimum number of people are inconvenienced by the momentary loss of illumination , I would also propose to arrange for the deactivations to occur at midnight UTC , while the Sun is approximately centred over the Pacific Ocean .
Japan would thus see the deactivations around dawn ; the American west coast , around dusk .
Most other places would be unaffected , as it would already be night - time .
Still , bad luck for Hawaii .
While the Sun is known to vary slightly in luminosity over an 11 - year cycle , the long - term effects of entirely deactivating our parent star for 3 minutes are unknown and unexplored , as the temporary total deactivation of a star is totally unprecedented in astronomical science .
It can be conjectured that without the supporting pressure of internal fusion the Sun 's layers will most likely collapse inwards under gravitational attraction until one of two things happens - either it becomes a neutron star , or we switch it back on again and normal operation is resumed .
This raises the additional questions of whether switching the Sun back on after it has collapsed too far ( say , fifteen minutes ) would cause a supernova to occur , and what ( if anything ) would happen if we attempted to reactivate nuclear fusion processes in a neutron star .
Moderating the amount of heat reaching the Earth by this method is specifically forbidden in the Sun 's user manual , and voids the warranty .
Conclusion
Clearly the major issue arising from the proposal not whether we should go ahead with it ( we should ) or even when ( as soon as possible ) but where and who .
Specifically , where should the Switch be built ?
And who should be permitted access to it ?
Once these admittedly knotty issues are resolved , however , the hard part is over with ; all we need to do is persuade every nation of the world to cooperate and global warming is as good as ended !
Australian Minister 's Sensible Comments on Airline Security Sparks Outcry
I ’m the first to admit that I do n’t know anything about Australian politics .
I do n’t know who Amanda Vanstone is , what she stands for , and what other things she ’s said about any other topic .
But I happen to think she ’s right about airline security :
In a wide - ranging speech to Adelaide Rotarians , Senator Vanstone dismissed many commonwealth security measures as essentially ineffective .
“ To be tactful about these things , a lot of what we do is to make people feel better as opposed to actually achieve an outcome , ” Senator Vanstone said .
And :
During her Adelaide speech , Senator Vanstone implied the use of plastic cutlery on planes to thwart terrorism was foolhardy .
Implied ?
I ’ll say it outright .
It ’s stupid .
For all its faults , I ’m always pleased when Northwest Airlines gives me a real metal knife , and I am always annoyed when American Airlines still gives me a plastic one .
“ Has it ever occurred to you that you just smash your wine glass and jump at someone , grab the top of their head and put it in their carotid artery and ask anything ? ” Senator Vanstone told her audience of about 100 Rotarians .
“ And believe me , you will have their attention .
I think of this every time I see more money for the security agencies . ”
The Immigration Minister also told of a grisly conversation with Mr Howard during a discussion on increased spending on national security .
Senator Vanstone said : “ I asked him if I was able to get on a plane with an HB pencil , which you are able to , and I further asked him if I went down and came and grabbed him by the front of the head and stabbed the HB pencil into your eyeball and wiggled it around down to your brain area , do you think you ’d be focusing ?
He ’s thinking , she ’s gone mad again . ”
Okay , so maybe that was a bit graphic for the Rotarians .
But her comments are basically right , and do n’t deserve this kind of response :
“ ( Her ) extraordinary outburst that airport security was a sham to make the public feel good has made a mockery of the Howard Government ’s credibility in this important area of counter - terrorism , ” Mr Bevis said yesterday .
“ And for Amanda Vanstone to once again put her foot in her mouth while John Howard is overseas for serious talks on terrorism is appalling .
She should apologise and quit , or if the Prime Minister ca n’t shut her up he should sack her . ”
But Mr. Bevis , airport security is largely a sham to make the public feel better about flying .
And if your Prime Minister does n’t know that , then you should worry about how serious his talks will be .
Vanstone has been defending herself :
Vanstone rejected calls from the Labor Party opposition for her resignation over the comments they said trivialised an important issue , saying she was not ridiculing security measures .
“ If the day has come when a minister ca n’t say what every other Australian says and that is that plastic knives drive us crazy , I think we ’re in desperate straits , ” the minister told commercial radio on Monday .
Vanstone said she did not believe the security measures should be scrapped .
“ What I have said is that putting a plastic knife on a plane does n’t necessarily make you very much safer .
Bear in mind there are other things that are on planes , ” she said .
“ People should not feel that because plastic knives are there , the world has dramatically changed — because there are still HB pencils . ”
Plastic knives on airplanes drive me crazy too , and they do n’t do anything to improve our security against terrorism .
I know nothing about Vanstone and her policies , but she has this one right .
Posted on November 22 , 2005 at 1:41 PM • 97 Comments
Your domain name is your identity on the Internet .
Use one that IDs your niche
A palindrome is a word or sentence that reads the same forward as it does backward .
The words a and I are perhaps the simplest and least interesting palindromes ; the word racecar and the name Hannah are more interesting and illustrative .
Neither spaces nor punctuation are usually taken into consideration when constructing sentences that are palindromes -- one of the most famous palindromes is " A man , a plan , a canal , Panama " -- but when the spaces are properly positioned as well , so much the better .
An example would be the also famous palindrome " Able was I ere I saw Elba , " purportedly spoken by Napoleon , referring to his first sighting of Elba , the island where the British exiled him .
Palindromes are a type of palingram called letter palingrams .
A palingram is a sentence in which the letters , syllables , or words read the same backward as they do forward .
The sentence , " He was , was he ? " is a word palingram , because the words can be placed in reverse order and still read the same .
The sentence , " I did , did I ? " is not only a word palingram but a letter palingram ( or palindrome ) as well .
A number of interesting palindromes are given below for your amusement .
Can you make up your own ?
Words aibohphobia
alula
cammac
civic
deified
deleveled
detartrated
devoved
dewed
evitative
Hannah
kayak
kinnikinnik
lemel
level
madam
Malayalam
minim
murdrum
peeweep
racecar
radar
redder
refer
reifier
repaper
reviver
rotator
rotavator
rotor
sagas
solos
sexes
stats
tenet
terret
testset Places Glenelg ( Australia )
Kanakanak ( Alaska )
Kinikinik ( Colorado )
Navan ( Meath , Ireland )
Neuquen ( Argentina )
Ward Draw ( South Dakota )
Wassamassaw ( South Carolina )
Yreka Bakery ( Yreka , California ) Not Quite Legitimate Retteb , si flahd noces eht tub , but the second half is better .
Doctor Reubenstein was shocked and dismayed when he answered the ringing telephone , only to hear a strange , metallic , alien voice say , " Yasec iovn eilacilla temeg !
Nartsa raehoty lnoenoh pelet gnig , nirehtde rewsnaehn ehw .
Deya !
Msid !
Dnadek cohssaw nietsne buerro , tcod ? "
Phrases and Sentences A dog , a plan , a canal : pagoda .
A man , a plan , a canal : Panama .
A new order began , a more Roman age bred Rowena .
A tin mug for a jar of gum , Nita .
A Toyota .
Race fast , safe car .
A Toyota .
Able was I ere I saw Elba .
Animal loots foliated detail of stool lamina .
Anne , I vote more cars race Rome to Vienna .
Are we not drawn onward , we few , drawn onward to new era ?
Are we not pure ?
" No sir ! " Panama 's moody Noriega brags .
" It is garbage ! " Irony dooms a man ; a prisoner up to new era .
As I pee , sir , I see Pisa !
Barge in !
Relate mere war of 1991 for a were - metal Ernie grab !
Bombard a drab mob .
Bush saw Sununu swash sub .
Cain : a maniac .
Cigar ?
Toss it in a can .
It is so tragic .
Daedalus : nine .
Peninsula : dead .
Dammit , I 'm mad !
Delia saw I was ailed .
Denim axes examined .
Dennis and Edna sinned .
Depardieu , go razz a rogue I draped .
Desserts , I stressed !
Did I draw Della too tall , Edward ?
I did ?
Do good ?
I? No ! Evil anon I deliver .
I maim nine more hero - men in Saginaw , sanitary sword a-tuck , Carol , I -- lo ! -- rack , cut a drowsy rat in Aswan .
I gas nine more hero - men in Miami .
Reviled , I ( Nona ) live on .
I do , O God !
Doc , note I dissent : a fast never prevents a fatness .
I diet on cod .
Drab as a fool , aloof as a bard .
Drat Saddam , a mad dastard !
Draw , O coward !
Draw pupil 's lip upward .
Ed , I saw Harpo Marx ram Oprah W. aside .
Eva , can I stab bats in a cave ?
Evil did I dwell ; lewd I did live .
Gateman sees name , garageman sees name tag .
Go hang a salami ; I 'm a lasagna hog .
Goldenrod - adorned log .
Golf ?
No sir , prefer prison - flog .
Harass sensuousness , Sarah .
I roamed under it as a tired , nude Maori .
Laminated E.T. animal .
Lay a wallaby baby ball away , Al .
Lepers repel .
Let O'Hara gain an inn in a Niagara hotel .
Live not on evil .
Lived on Decaf ; faced no Devil .
Lonely Tylenol .
Ma is a nun , as I am .
Ma is as selfless as I am .
Madam , I'm Adam .
Madam in Eden , I'm Adam .
Marge lets Norah see Sharon 's telegram .
May a moody baby doom a yam .
Meet animals ; laminate 'em .
Mr. Owl ate my metal worm .
Murder for a jar of red rum .
Never odd or even .
No , Mel Gibson is a casino 's big lemon .
No cab , no tuna nut on bacon .
No lemon , no melon .
No sir -- away !
A papaya war is on .
On a clover , if alive , erupts a vast , pure evil ; a fire volcano .
Party boobytrap .
Poor Dan is in a droop .
Reviled did I live , said I , as evil I did deliver .
Rise to vote , sir .
Saw tide rose ?
So red it was .
Senile felines .
So many dynamos !
Some men interpret nine memos .
Stab nail at ill Italian bats .
Stack cats .
Stella won no wallets .
Step on no pets .
Stop !
Murder us not , tonsured rumpots !
Straw ?
No , too stupid a fad ; I put soot on warts .
T. Eliot , top bard , notes putrid tang emanating , is sad .
I 'd assign it a name : gnat dirt upset on drab pot-toilet .
Tarzan raised Desi Arnaz ' rat .
Ten animals I slam in a net .
Too bad I hid a boot .
Was it a car or a cat I saw ?
Wonder if Sununu 's fired now .
Wo n't I panic in a pit now ?
Wo n't lovers revolt now ?
Yo , banana boy !
Yo , Bob !
Mug o' gumbo , boy !
Yo , bottoms up !
( U.S. motto , boy . )
I HAD extraordinary parents , Roald Dahl and Patricia Neal , who were both adventurous , and that filtered down to me .
My father went off exploring as a teenager , and my mother left her Southern town to pursue acting .
I decided to leave my idyllic childhood in the English countryside to go to Haiti at age 18 .
Before that , I had always thought I wanted to act .
I loved to observe adults and take on different accents and do imitations .
I wanted to go to London and go on stage .
I took it quite seriously until I went to Haiti , which changed everything .
I went off to volunteer in an orphanage in Haiti in 1983 and saw poverty in the developing world for the first time .
It was an eye - opening experience .
I remember early on , when we were doing a population - based health surveillance project .
We would walk for hours into the countryside and come upon a hut .
The children would be milling about , and they 'd run and get their parents in the field .
The parents would invite me inside and offer me the only chair .
To sit in a house which is 12 feet by 6 feet , with a dirt floor and one bed with six children , makes you realize that this is how people are living on our planet today , just a 90 - minute flight from Miami .
Image Credit ...
Partners in Health
It was so overwhelming that I thought about leaving , but it would have been torturous to have gone to see it and then turn my back on it .
So it was an enormous relief when I met Paul Farmer there .
Cohen 's film is released in the UK in November
" I 'd like to invite Cohen here .
He can discover a lot of things , " said deputy foreign minister Rakhat Aliyev .
In the film , Cohen 's character Borat portrays Kazakhs as a nation of misogynists , racists and anti-Semites .
Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is released next month .
Mr Aliyev told local news agency Kazakhstan Today that Cohen could learn " women drive cars , wine is made of grapes , and Jews are free to go to synagogues " .
Offended
But Mr Aliyev also said Cohen 's character should not be taken too seriously .
" I understand that the feelings of many people are hurt by Cohen 's show , " he said .
" But we must have a sense of humour and respect the creative freedom of others , " he added .
Kazakhstan 's largest chain of cinemas , Otau , said in September that it will not be showing the film .
" We consider this movie offensive , a complete lie and nonsense , " distribution manager Ruslan Sultanov told Reuters .
" It 's a shame that some Americans will probably believe what they see there , " he added .
The Kazakh authorities also shut down Cohen 's website , www.borat.kz, leading him to set up a new one , www.borat.tv.
Airborne penises this week attacked CNET reporter and Second Life publicist Daniel Sadville , causing an unprecedented although not insurmountable interview interruption .
Daniel Sadville looked to continue his groundbreaking work hyping the Second Life online game by interviewing alleged virtual millionaire Ailin Graef ( aka Anshe Chung ) .
Sadville had invited Graef to CNET 's Second Life office - a building Sadville convinced CNET to purchase by writing a flood of stories about Second Life - when all hell broke loose .
We 'll let the publicist explain .
On Monday , Graef visited CNET 's Second Life bureau for a discussion about her business , how best to set up businesses in Second Life and the nature of competition there .
Unfortunately , as the interview was commencing , the event was attacked by a " griefer , " someone intent on disrupting the proceedings .
The griefer managed to assault the CNET theater for 15 minutes with -- well , there 's no way to say this delicately - - animated flying penises .
Chung refused to continue the interview in the CNET theater but agreed to go on in her own space .
Once restarted , the interview was attacked again , and the protester even managed to crash the entire server on which Chung 's theater is held .
But after restarting and bringing back the audience , Chung talked with CNET News.com for nearly three hours .
Noble perseverance and excellent follow through .
Of course , Sadville could have saved some time and avoided the penis assault by , say , picking up a phone .
But maybe he 's not into phones .
We 're still waiting for some reporter to document Second Life 's Molestation Grove .
Wo n't it be something when an IBM virtual event is crippled by these sick creatures . ®
Objects , classes , and constructors are an interesting thing in Smalltalk .
Coming from languages like C# , Visual Basic , or Java , one expects to be able to declare constructors in your classes .
You also expect them to be " special " nameless methods that can only be called by the " new " keyword when creating instances of your class .
Smalltalk is different , and better , or worse , depending on your point of view .
Smalltalk is a language that " allows " one to write great code .
It never feels like it gets in your way , however many things in Smalltalk are done by convention only , so it wo n't " force " you to write great code .
Constructors in Smalltalk are simply a convention ; the language has no " new " keyword .
In Smalltalk , your classes themselves are objects , singletons in fact ; they are the only instance of their metaclass .
This might sound weird , so let 's look at an example .
Say we declare a Person class
Object subclass : # Person instanceVariableNames : ' firstName lastName ' category : ' OnSmalltalk '
First , notice that this is simply a method call on the object class ( there is no special syntax for creating classes ) , which itself is an object .
This creates two classes in the runtime image , one called " Person " , and one called " Person class " .
The class " Person " is the sole instance of the class " Person class " .
" Person class " is an instance of the class " Metaclass " .
So in Smalltalk for every class you create , an invisible parallel hierarchy of meta- classes is created .
These meta-classes are referred to as the " class side " by Smalltalkers , and by the Smalltalk code browser .
The reason I mention all this is because these meta- classes commonly show up in other languages as the " Factory " pattern , a pattern all about object construction .
This is important because it's a great way to conceptualize the metaclass , it 's the factory for creating instances of the class .
To create an instance of our # Person , we do this ...
person := Person new .
Notice , #new is a method on the " Person " class , rather than a keyword in the language .
It 's simply an ordinary method that happens to be named #new .
Unlike other languages , constructors in Smalltalk are nothing special , they 're simply any method that happens to create and return an instance of a class .
Now , we could do this ...
person := ( Person new ) firstName : ' Ramon ' ; lastName : ' Leon ' ; yourself .
But a constructor would really help pretty this up and encapsulate the knowledge about what fields are required for construction rather than forcing the client to individually initialize the object and hoping he does it correctly .
So let 's write a constructor for # Person , we 'll put it on the " Person class " , or the Person 's class side as it'd normally be called .
Person class >>firstName : a FirstName lastName : aLastName ^( self new ) firstName : a FirstName ; lastName : aLastName ; yourself .
Notice this is simply an ordinary method named # firstName : lastName on the Person 's metaclass .
It 's pretty much the same pattern as before , but calls " self new " , the default constructor inherited from its superclass .
I can say self because this method is in the " Person class "
It can be used like so ...
person := Person firstName : ' Ramon ' lastName : ' Leon ' .
Much nicer now , a client no longer needs to know what arguments to initialize , he can simply call a constructor , more importantly , a named constructor , not an anonymous one like you 'd see in most other languages .
Consider the advantages of named constructors with an overly simplistic example ( ignoring currency ) ...
someMoney := ( Money dollars : 5 ) + ( Money cents : 5 ) .
Of course any real Smalltalk 'er would do this by adding a few extension methods to a few Number classes and writing this instead ...
someMoney := 5 dollars + 5 cents .
Also unlike " most " other languages , constructors , being ordinary methods in Smalltalk , can be inherited and overridden so subclasses need not redeclare the constructors of superclasses like C# and Java required .
Constructors are put into the method category " instance creation " .
Finding constructors for a class is a simple matter of looking at the class side of any class , and looking in this category .
If you find a constructor you want to use , highlight it , and press alt + n to see a list of all senders of this method , i.e. instant sample code .
On the instance side of a class , I could , if necessary , override #initialize which is automatically called by the default #new constructor .
This is useful when you want to initialize your instance variables on object creation rather than lazily .
For example ...
Person >> initialize super initialize .
relatives :=
Set new .
Some Smalltalk 'ers prefer to write their constructors in a different style , one that enforces encapsulation a bit more , by not allowing public setters for all the instance variables , like so ...
Person class >>firstName : a FirstName lastName : aLastName ^( self new ) initializeFirstName : a FirstName lastName : aLastName ; yourself .
Person>>initializeFirstName : aFirstName lastName : aLastName firstName := a FirstName .
lastName := aLastName .
relatives :=
Set new .
Personally , I do n't prefer this style , because it feels a bit repetitive creating essentially two constructors to avoid having public setters for your instance variables .
This style feels like the author does n't trust me to not abuse the class , which does n't to me , feel like the Smalltalk spirit .
It is , however , in common use and you 'll see plenty of both of these styles in other people 's code .
Often , while growing a program , one will start without any constructors , doing inline cascaded initialization , and only after using the class a bit , will you refactor a few examples into cleaner code using constructors .
To conclude , I hope you 'll notice from the sample code shown so far , everything is done using only objects , their instances , and their methods .
There is no special syntax or keywords for creating classes or their constructors .
In fact , there are only 6 reserved keywords in the entire Smalltalk language , self , super , nil , true , false , and thisContext .
By comparison , Ruby has 38 , Java has 52 , C# about 76 .
This should underline just how much more Smalltalk relies on pure OO and message passing rather than special language constructs .
By being minimalist and only providing syntax for assignment , message passing , method return , and a few special literal notations for things like strings , arrays , numbers , and blocks , Smalltalk can be any language you want it to be .
All of Smalltalk 's control and iteration structures are implemented in the library , as ordinary objects with ordinary methods .
There 's simply no need for so many reserved words .
Smalltalk is not so much a language , as an extensible notation for creating languages .
To rip off a famed martial artist , empty your mind , be formless , shapeless , like Smalltalk .
If you put Smalltalk into a financial application , it becomes a custom finance language .
You put Smalltalk into a shipping application , and it becomes a custom shipping language .
Be Smalltalk my friend .
Oh , and to be fair , Smalltalk is n't the only language with this quality , but it 's certainly my favorite .
Languages that lack this quality , as far as I 'm concerned , have no real future .
Hegre Archives presents this free photo gallery of
busty model Luba after a shower in the bathroom
TO read the headlines , intelligent design as a challenge to evolution seems to be building momentum .
In Kansas last month , the board of education voted that students should be exposed to critiques of evolution like intelligent design .
At a trial of the Dover , Pa. , school board that ended last month , two of the movement 's leading academics presented their ideas to a courtroom filled with spectators and reporters from around the world .
President Bush endorsed teaching " both sides " of the debate -- a position that polls show is popular .
And Pope Benedict XVI weighed in recently , declaring the universe an " intelligent project . "
Intelligent design posits that the complexity of biological life is itself evidence of a higher being at work .
As a political cause , the idea has gained currency , and for good reason .
The movement was intended to be a " big tent " that would attract everyone from biblical creationists who regard the Book of Genesis as literal truth to academics who believe that secular universities are hostile to faith .
The slogan , " Teach the controversy , " has simple appeal in a democracy .
Behind the headlines , however , intelligent design as a field of inquiry is failing to gain the traction its supporters had hoped for .
It has gained little support among the academics who should have been its natural allies .
And if the intelligent design proponents lose the case in Dover , there could be serious consequences for the movement 's credibility .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website , St Kitts
Pro-whaling nations call the vote a wake - up call
In quite a few Western households , these are the whale images we are most familiar with ; here , it is unthinkable that in the cold Antarctic Ocean it is in any way acceptable for the metal boats of Japan to skewer these creatures to death .
So if the rich West cares so much , how did it allow the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) to reach a position where , for the first time in 20 years , it has endorsed the idea of commercial whaling ?
Did Western governments talk the talk on caring for whales , but not walk the walk in the corridors of international diplomacy ?
Did they work as hard as they should have done to build an anti-whaling coalition within the IWC ?
" I think they have been working hard , but evidently they have n't been working quite hard enough , " said Mark Simmonds , international director of science at the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society .
" Japan , as we have feared for some time , has now actually outpaced them . "
Beauty contest
Japan 's pursuit of a return to commercial whaling has certainly been impressive in its consistency .
Each year , new nations join .
This time it was the turn of the Marshall Islands , Guatemala and Cambodia to sign up and line up in the Japanese camp ; although in the event , no Guatemalan delegation arrived .
Anti-whalers could claim just one recruit , Israel .
My hope is that with this vote , some of the countries which are potentially in the middle will think it 's better to talk and come to some kind of compromise
Joji Morishita , Japan 's deputy whaling commissioner
" We won victories this weekend because we brought new countries in over the last two years , and we peeled votes [ away from the pro-whaling bloc ] , " he told the BBC News website .
" We 've achieved both of these aims .
I 'm confident that the level of co-operation and action that happened this year as a result of this coalition will transfer into even bigger results next year . "
Short of tying aid to votes in the IWC - a practice which would leave them open to a charge of hypocrisy , as that is exactly what they accuse Japan of doing - what more could the self - styled " pro-conservation nations " be doing ?
Some activists here believe they need to get heavy with selected developing countries ; others would like to see them using aid to establish ecotourism and whale - watching industries .
Mark Simmonds believes one of the priorities is to target neighbouring , probably sympathetic countries and bring them into the IWC - and this , he said , can begin in Europe .
" One of the first things they 've got to do is to look around our near neighbours in Europe and Scandinavia and ask them to stand up and be counted , " he said .
" I think the situation of Denmark is particularly extraordinary .
We know on the Danish mainland that most people have the same feeling about whales and whale conservation that people in Britain do , so to actually see them vote in favour of this declaration is quite remarkable .
" And I think what 's going on is that Denmark also represents the pro-whaling kingdoms of the Faroe Islands and Greenland ; but that 's not enough , so certainly I shall be talking to the UK delegation , and probably we shall ask our minister [ Ben Bradshaw ] , who has been here , to talk to their Danish ministers , and find out how we came to this position . "
Some countries recently admitted to the European Union have been advised by a " word in the ear " that it would be " a good idea " for them to join the IWC .
Some activists believe that Britain and its fellow EU old - timers such as France and Germany should recruit all member states into the Commission .
Nothing special
All this presumes , of course , that other societies see whales through the same eyes , as special creatures which should never be harmed .
Maybe Western citizens of the Free Willy generation are in a minority .
Maybe the wider world really does not care more for whales and dolphins than it does for chickens and cockroaches .
If these other countries do n't join , they will have seen one of the great environmental achievements of the last century washed away by the whalers this century
Ian Campbell , Australia 's environment minister
" We treat every living marine resource the same , " said Iceland 's whaling commissioner Stefan Asmundsson .
" We believe in the principle of sustainable use , whether that is for fish or whales or any other marine resource .
" Those who are here against whaling mostly take the stance that when it comes to fishing or hunting of land mammals or whatever , they can accept sustainable use ; but whales they make a special case out of , and we do n't accept that .
" We think that whales should be treated in the same way as any other living marine resource . "
If that view is more widespread in the world than the Flipper generation imagines , Japan will presumably be able to steam ahead and turn this single - vote majority into a return to commercial whaling .
Its deputy whaling commissioner Joji Morishita certainly thinks it is possible .
" My hope is that with this vote , some of the countries which are potentially in the middle will think it 's better to talk and come to some kind of compromise , " he said .
" So I hope this one vote will trigger the movement of more talk , more dialogue and a willingness to compromise . "
Under pressure
There is even a conservation case to be made for compromise .
Currently , Japan takes more than 1,000 whales each year in its " scientific " whaling programmes which it runs independently of any international jurisdiction .
The argument goes that as commercial hunting would be under international control , it could be made more humane , and could also result in fewer whales being killed if catch quotas were set low enough .
The US will find itself in a particularly delicate position at next year 's meeting when the annual catch of its Native American communities in Alaska comes up for review .
With its majority intact or even enhanced , Japan could block renewal , a prospect which would play very badly in US political circles .
In public , the anti-whaling bloc is intact , with the US and its allies lining up shoulder to shoulder .
In practice , the issue will not be able to remain outside the cut and thrust of the wider political stage .
But Ian Campbell agrees with conservation groups which , almost unanimously , have called the vote " a wake - up call " .
He thinks the alarm clock bell will end up reverberating loudly and unpleasantly around Japan 's ears .
" I think it 's going to get harder and harder for Japan .
I think the fact that they 're getting closer to toppling the pro-conservation majority for the first time in two decades will help us to get new countries to join , " he said .
" If these other countries do n't join , they will have seen one of the great environmental achievements of the last century washed away by the whalers this century ; and I know there are a lot of conservation - minded countries out there that will not allow that to happen . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Detta är en sida skapad av Flighton AB ett företag som hyser en genuin passion för sökmotoroptimering .
För mer information besök deras hemsida , eller varför inte passa på att testa deras verktyg där du kostnadsfritt kan göra en SEO - Analys av din hemsida .
Flighton är ett företag som främst fokuserar på att producera landningssidor åt sina kunder .
Dessa landningssidor jobbar de med tills de rankar ett på ett eller flera nyckelord som de tillsammans med kunden plockar fram .
Se exempel på en landningssida som är producerad av Flighton under domänen seo - byrå.nu denna sida är skapad med ambition om att ranka denna etta under söktermen SEO - Byrå .
Ett annat exempel är Köksrenovering i Stockholm eller Målare Stockholm andra exempel på sidor som även dem handlar om hantverk såsom badrum , golvslipning golvläggning , eller mattläggare är denna sida https://badrumsrenoveringaristockholm.se alternativt Golvslipning Stockholm
Fördelar med samma dagfinansiering - Låna upp till 600 000
Blancolån är inte det enda svaret när du behöver låna 600 000 nu .
Du kan lita på en annan finansieringskälla eller närma dig ditt kontantflödesproblem från en annan vinkel , till exempel :
Låna 500 000 från en familjemedlem eller nära vän
Lägg till avgifterna på ditt roterande kreditkorts konto
Höj pengar som säljer personliga ägodelar
Använd övertrassering för att täcka utgiften
Utarbeta en betalningsplan
Tjäna extra pengar på jobbet
Starta ett andra jobb
Återgå senaste köp till återförsäljaren
Avbryt abonnemang och tjänster för att minska dina räkningar
Det kan vara möjligt att göra ekonomiskt framsteg genom att anta en eller flera av de metoder som anges ovan , men det finns inneboende nackdelar att fortsätta med de flesta av dessa strategier .
Beroende på dina omständigheter kan vissa lösningar kanske inte vara tillgängliga för dig alls .
Till exempel kanske du redan har nått ditt kreditkortsgräns , och övertrassering kanske inte presenterar en realistisk lösning .
Låna 500 000
I andra fall kan de pressande ekonomiska kraven du står inför förhindra att du utarbetar en plan före tid .
jämför Blancolån låter sorts brådskande omständigheter , när du behöver pengar nu och inte har tid att tjäna extra pengar eller sälja personliga föremål för att samla in pengar .
Lånen finansieras snabbt , vilket ger snabb tillgång till kritiska pengar , vilket hjälper dig att lösa finansiella problem utan dröjsmål .
Låna 400 000
Flexibilitet är en annan fördel med att utnyttja kortfristiga jämför Blancolån utan säkerhet .
För att låna 400 000 , oväntade utgifter .
Förutom att få snabb tillgång till vähttps://lånblanco.nusentlig finansiering , är du inte begränsad till hur du använder samma dag lånet fortskrider .
Flexibla finanslösningar när du behöver låna 300 000
Spenderande krav faller över ett brett utbud av finansiella funktioner , så flexibel finansiering kan hjälpa dig att hantera olika monetära utmaningar .
När du ska ta ett Blancolån hos bilhandlaren för att låna 100 000/200 000 för en bil är det bara giltigt och betalar för din nya bil .
Men kortfristiga lån utan säkerhet är inte begränsade , så du kan ansöka pengar där det är mest behövs .
Vanliga sätt som människor använder samma dag Blancolån utan säkerhet omfattar följande möjligheter .
Byt ut en misslyckad apparat
Gör oväntade bilreparationer
Täcka högskola kostnader
Betala hushållsräkningar
Ta hand om ditt husdjur
Lossa trasig elektronisk teknik
Betala böter
Byt ut stulna föremål
Köp sista minuten gåvor
Kompletta reparationer till ditt hus
//
William Chand
Något som är väldigt viktigt när man sysslar med hantverk är sömnen .
Man jobbar väldigt mycket med kroppen därför är det viktigt att du väljer en rätt säng för just dig .
För utan en bra säng eller madrass så blir det enkelt så att du presterar mindre på ditt arbete .
Vi kan rekommendera ett sängvaruhus som ligger i centrala Stockholm som har de ledande sängmärkena under ett och samma tak vi länkar deras hemsida här nedan .
Välj din säng med omsorg , tänk inte på priset vid val av säng då du sover en väldigt stor del av ditt liv .
Sängar i Stockholm Elgen
Ett tips kan vara att försäkra sitt företag .
Se exempel på detta här ; Företagsförsäkring , Privatlån , Blancolån eller bara samla sina lån ; lånprivat.se
Flighton har även myntat begreppet humanitär sökmotoroptimering som innebär att man skapar sidor med ambition om att få dessa att ranka ett under sökbegrepp som kan ses som ett rop på hjälp från allmänheten .
Ett exempel på detta är sidan proana.se som är skapad med ambition om att ranka den etta under sökbegreppen " pro ana " samt " pro ana tips " Pro Ana är en subkultur innehållandes olika tips om hur man på ett skadligt sätt bantar samt förlorar vikt .
De som Googlar pro ana är allts å ute efter tips om hur man ska göra för att upprätthålla sin livsstil som tex anorektiker .
Proana.se är en sida innehållandes tips från människor som själva följt dessa pro ana tips men tagit sig ur denna livsstil .
Se exempel på sidor vi byggt ,
Försvarsadvokat Stockholm Naprapat Östermalm Pianostämmare Stockholm Bergvärme Städ Stockholm Värmepump Stockholm Köksrenovering Begravningar i Stockholm
Tack för att du läste detta // William Chand
J. Timothy King has a nice piece on the twelve benefits of writing unit tests first .
Unfortunately , he seriously undermines his message by ending with this :
However , if you are one of the [ coders who wo n't give up code - first ] , one of those curmudgeon coders who would rather be right than to design good softwareÃ¢â‚ ¬Â ¦
Well , you truly have my pity .
Extending your pity to anyone who does n't agree with you is n't exactly the most effective way to get your message across .
Consider Mr. T . He 's been pitying fools since the early 80's , and the world is still awash in foolishness .
It 's too bad , because the message is an important one .
The general adoption of unit testing is one of the most fundamental advances in software development in the last 5 to 7 years .
How do you solve a software problem ?
How do they teach you to handle it in school ?
What 's the first thing you do ?
You think about how to solve it .
You ask , " What code will I write to generate a solution ? "
But that 's backward .
The first thing you should be doing --
In fact , this is what they say in school , too , though in my experience it 's paid more lip - service than actual service --
The first thing you ask is not " What code will I write ? "
The first thing you ask is " How will I know that I 've solved the problem ? "
We 're taught to assume we already know how to tell whether our solution works .
It 's a non-question .
Like indecency , we 'll know it when we see it .
We believe we do n't actually need to think , before we write our code , about what it needs to do .
This belief is so deeply ingrained , it 's difficult for most of us to change .
King presents a list of 12 specific ways adopting a test - first mentality has helped him write better code :
Unit tests prove that your code actually works
You get a low - level regression - test suite
You can improve the design without breaking it It 's more fun to code with them than without They demonstrate concrete progress
Unit tests are a form of sample code
It forces you to plan before you code
It reduces the cost of bugs
It 's even better than code inspections
It virtually eliminates coder 's block Unit tests make better designs
It 's faster than writing code without tests
Even if you only agree with a quarter of the items on that list -- and I 'd say at least half of them are true in my experience -- that is a huge step forward for software developers .
You 'll get no argument from me on the overall importance of unit tests .
I 've increasingly come to believe that unit tests are so important that they should be a first - class language construct .
However , I think the test - first dogmatists tend to be a little too religious for their own good .
Asking developers to fundamentally change the way they approach writing software overnight is asking a lot .
Particularly if those developers have yet to write their first unit test .
I do n't think any software development shop is ready for test - first development until they 've adopted unit testing as a standard methodology on every software project they undertake .
Excessive religious fervor could sour them on the entire concept of unit testing .
And that 's a shame , because any tests are better than zero tests .
And is n't unit testing just a barely more formal way of doing the ad - hoc testing we 've been doing all along ?
I think Fowler said it best :
Whenever you are tempted to type something into a print statement or a debugger expression , write it as a test instead .
I encourage developers to see the value of unit testing ; I urge them to get into the habit of writing structured tests alongside their code .
That small change in mindset could eventually lead to bigger shifts like test - first development -- but you have to crawl before you can sprint .
“ The islands do n’t have as diverse marine life as , say , Indonesia , because they ’re so far north , ” extending up to the latitude of New Orleans , said Russell Brainard , NOAA ’s chief coral reef scientist in Hawaii .
“ But in terms of their size and the low level of interference from man , they ’re already unique . ”
With the exception of highly militarized Midway and Tern Island during World War II , the 10 islands or island groups have been nature reserves of one sort or another since President Theodore Roosevelt established the Hawaiian Islands Reservation in 1909 .
Today , under the tutelage of Fish and Wildlife Service biologists , the islands are slowly recovering from the depredations of humans and the plants and creatures they introduced , including rabbits , rats and ironwood .
What some jokingly call the second Battle of Midway began innocuously enough early in the second Clinton administration , when Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt hired William Y. Brown , a former chairman of the Ocean Conservancy , and asked him to look into expanding the department ’s role in protecting the oceans .
Image
The atoll is home to many marine species , including spinner dolphins .
Credit ... Linny Morris for The New York Times
“ It became clear that the most important coral reef complex in American waters that needed protection was the Northwest Hawaiian Islands , ” Mr. Babbitt said in an interview .
The Interior Department includes the Fish and Wildlife Service , which had already banned fishing in the archipelago ’s near reefs to a depth of 60 feet .
Beyond that , the first three miles of water belonged to the State of Hawaii , which opposed an end to fishing , according to the Democratic governor at the time , Benjamin J. Cayetano .
The waters extending from there to 200 miles were managed by NOAA , which is part of the Commerce Department .
Dr. Brown recalled that the islands were being intensively fished for lobster , and that Fish and Wildlife Service officials in Honolulu were saying there was nothing they could do about it since the fishing was in waters deeper than 60 feet .
A second , smaller fishery of bottom fish like pink snapper and Hawaiian grouper was also being depleted , he said .
At the point when some untoward occasion occurs in the home , it can expedite a lot of monetary troubles your head ; with a little idea and readiness , these occasions are simpler to manage .
Different dangers originate from individuals as pyro-crime or vandalism caused when a robber does n’t discover what they are searching for , and some of the time in any event , when they do .
By organizing a homeowner ’s protection arrangement , the insurance agency will pay a set measure of cash if a genuine case is made , giving the premium concurred at the hour of the agreement is settled .
House protection can help ensure against numerous outcomes , including ; illegal conflagration , flooding , vandalism , and robbery to the more everyday things like the cooler breaking and ruining all the nourishment it holds .
Pretty much every approach will contain a deductible , which should be considered ; however on the off chance that you have to modify or re-prepare you whole home this is just a little admission to make .
For some the appearance of the Internet has recently implied that acquiring homeowner ’s protection is simpler than it was with most safety net providers ’ presently owning sites .
It does n’t take that long to visit a tolerable number of sites to get cites from every one of them and see what you can get from each for the month to month premium they are inquiring .
Looking at protection cites , on the web or off is a smart thought as exactly what the approach really covers that is a higher priority than the expense .
In the event that you have a home loan , at that point you will most likely as of now have homeowner protection spread for the structure as stipulated by the bank , should fixes be required to the structure of your home .
Still in the event that cash is an issue , at that point looking a portion of your neighborhood back up plans may create some not too bad outcomes as regularly they give a rebate to new clients .
You may likewise consider raising your deductible as the distinction in premium expense between a 500 and a 1,000 dollar deductible can be extensive .
You likewise need to consider taking care of the substitution expense of your assets as opposed to covering the real worth as your old TV may cost 500 dollars to supplant , yet presumably would n’t bring in excess of 50 dollars at a carport deal .
The odds are this wo n’t occur however you should know that a Replacement Value strategy is vital on the off chance that you need to supplant assets and family items at the present costs .
Your home most likely costs a lot as did the assets inside , and the wistful worth ought not to be neglected either .
So practically , everything that is in your home ought to be secured as a significant aspect of your homeowner ’s protection in the event that you place any an incentive on it .
The public , seeing through the tissue of Bush administration lies told to justify an invasion that never had anything to do with the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 or weapons of mass destruction , now has begun a national questioning :
Why are we still in Iraq ?
The answers posted most widely on the Internet by critics of the war suggest its continuation as a naked imperial grab for the world ’s second - largest petroleum source , but that is wrong .
It ’s not primarily about the oil ; it ’s much more about the military - industrial complex , the label employed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower 45 years ago when he warned of the dangers of “ a permanent arms industry of vast proportions . ”
The Cold War had provided the rationale for the first peacetime creation of a militarized economy .
While the former general , Eisenhower , was well aware of the military threat posed by the Soviet Union , he chose in his farewell presidential address to the nation to warn that the war profiteers had an agenda of their own , one that was inimical to the survival of American democracy :
“ In the councils of government , we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the military - industrial complex .
The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist . ”
Ponder those words as you consider the predominant presence of former Halliburton CEO Dick Cheney in the councils of this White House , and how his old company has profiteered more than any other from the disaster that is Iraq .
Despite having been found to have overcharged some $ 60 million to the U.S. military for fuel deliveries , the formerly bankrupt Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg , Brown and Root continues to receive hundreds of millions of dollars in lucrative contracts .
There is more .
Military spending has skyrocketed since the 9/11 terrorist attacks , returning to Cold War levels .
A devastating report by the Center for Defense Information , founded by former top - ranking admirals and generals , reveals that in the most recent federal budget overall defense spending will rise to more than $ 550 billion .
Compare that to the $ 20 billion that the United Nations and all of its agencies and funds spend each year on all of its programs to make this a safer and more livable world .
That U.S. military budget exceeds what the rest of the world ’s nations combined spend on defense .
Nor can it be justified as militarily necessary to counter terrorists , who used primitive $ 10 box cutters to commandeer civilian aircraft on 9/11 .
It only makes sense as a field of dreams for defense contractors and their allies in Washington who seized upon the 9/11 tragedy to invent a new Cold War .
Imagine their panic at the end of the old one and their glee at this newfound opportunity .
Yes , some in those circles were also eager to exploit Iraq ’s oil wealth , which does explain the abysmal indifference to the deteriorating situation in resource - poor Afghanistan , birthplace of the Sept. 11 plot , while our nation ’s resources are squandered in occupying Iraq , which had nothing to do with it .
Yes , some , like Paul Wolfowitz , the genius who was the No. 2 in the U.S. Defense Department and has been rewarded for his leadership with appointment as head of the World Bank , did argue that Iraq ’s oil revenue would pay for our imperial adventure .
A recent study by Nobel Prize - wining economist Joseph E. Stiglitz and Harvard University ’s Linda Bilmes marked that absurdity by estimating the true cost of the Iraq adventure to U.S taxpayers at a whopping $ 2.267 trillion , in excess of any cost borne by the Iraqis themselves .
The big prize here for Bush ’s foreign policy is not the acquisition of natural resources or the enhancement of U.S. security , but rather the lining of the pockets of the defense contractors , the merchants of death who mine our treasury .
But because the arms industry is coddled by political parties and the mass media , their antics go largely unnoticed .
Our politicians and pundits argue endlessly about a couple of billion dollars that may be spent on improving education or ending poverty , but they casually waste that amount in a few days in Iraq .
As Eisenhower warned : “ We should take nothing for granted , only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals , so that security and liberty may prosper together .
…
We want democracy to survive for all generations to come , not to become the insolvent phantom of tomorrow . ”
Too bad we no longer have leading Republicans , or Democrats , warning of that danger .
" Had these drugs not existed , the drug companies would have jumped on our findings , " he added .
Then , too , the fresh thinking was coming from what many doctors regarded as a medical outpost , Perth .
All the factors created a type of rigidity that many doctors say still exists for better or worse .
Further , Dr. Marshall said , " The fact that the big drug companies who were supporting the journal articles ignored H. pylori was far more effective than actually saying that a bacterial cause was not true because if they had said it was false , or not important , they would have created a controversy and maybe media interest . "
Right from the moment in 1979 when Dr. Warren , a pathologist , first saw bacteria in stomach biopsies at the Royal Perth Hospital , he said : " I met skepticism from my colleagues who mostly did not want to know , or believe , what I was describing .
Anyone could see the bacteria through a microscope , but the clinicians did not want to see them . "
Why was he the only one seeing the bacteria ?
Why had others not described them earlier ?
He did not know , Dr. Warren said in answer to the skeptics who asked .
" Once I started looking for them , they were obvious , " he said , " but convincing other people was another matter . "
Even doctors who peered down the barrel of a microscope and did agree bacteria were present said they must be opportunists , not the cause of stomach ailments .
Dr. Warren pointed out that the bacteria were all the same , not the variety that would be expected of secondary invaders .
But , he said , " It was hard for me to prove them wrong . "
Proof took years .
Early support came from Dr. Marshall 's efforts in the library and laboratory .
Aided by a librarian in Perth , Dr. Marshall painstakingly searched for papers published decades earlier than those listed in the United States National Library of Medicine 's electronic data base that starts about 1965 .
Castro has not been seen in public since surgery in July
President Castro - who has temporarily handed power to his brother Raul - is suffering from a serious intestinal infection , the report in El Pais says .
It cites medical sources at a Madrid hospital whose top surgeon travelled to Cuba in December to examine Mr Castro .
In Cuba , there has been no public indication of any deterioration in Mr Castro 's condition , correspondents say .
On Monday , an unnamed Latin American diplomat told the Reuters news agency that " Fidel has problems with his stitches healing " .
He is reportedly being fed intravenously .
There has been considerable speculation about the health of Cuba 's 80 - year - old leader since he underwent urgent intestinal surgery in July .
He has not been seen in public since then , and in December he missed a massive military parade in Havana marking 50 years since his return from exile .
In his New Year message , he said he was recovering slowly from the surgery , but said it would be a " long process " .
Infections
The report in El Pais , if confirmed , is the first detailed account of Mr Castro 's recent health problems .
FAILED OPERATIONS
Part of intestine removed - colon connected to rectum Cleaning and draining of infected area Prosthesis implanted Source : El Pais
Diverticulitis Peritonitis
The Cuban leader is said to be suffering from diverticulitis , a condition in which bulges in the walls of the intestine become inflamed and sometimes infected .
According to the Spanish publication , Mr Castro has had surgery on his large intestine three times .
In the first operation - performed after he suffered intestinal bleeding and peritonitis - part of his large intestine was removed and his colon was connected to the rectum to avoid a colostomy .
But this failed and faeces were released into Mr Castro 's abdomen , causing another peritonitis .
Mr Castro then underwent a second procedure to clean and drain the infected area .
This also failed according to the sources quoted by El Pais , again because the wounds did not heal properly .
A prosthesis was implanted during a third surgical intervention , but it did not work and had to be replaced .
' No change '
El Pais says that when a Spanish surgeon visited in December , Mr Castro had an abdominal wound which was releasing more than half a litre of fluids a day , causing a serious loss of nutrients .
The surgeon , Jose Luis Garcia Sabrido , said at the time the Cuban president did not have cancer , as rumoured , and was making a steady recovery .
On Tuesday , his secretary told the Reuters news agency the doctor had not changed his outlook .
The authorities in Havana have said Mr Castro 's health is a state secret , but have rejected speculation that he is suffering from cancer or a terminal illness .
In an empty warehouse in Oxfordshire sits a large block of ice , which pumps out enough heat to keep a nearby office warm .
Yes , you read that correctly .
Heat from a block of ice .
This oversized ice cube is an essential part of a clever heating system called a heat pump , widespread in the rest of the world but almost unheard of in the UK .
Until recently .
Heat pumps work just like fridges , by sucking heat from warm things and moving it elsewhere .
Put your hand round the back of the fridge .
Touch the black metal bits .
Warm , are n't they ?
That 's the heat pump at work , taking heat from the milk , cheese , yoghurt and beer inside , and letting it all escape round the back .
That 's the thinking behind domestic heat pumps .
There 's heat everywhere , in every substance over - 273C ( absolute zero ) .
The block of ice in the warehouse is kept at - 10 C , warm in comparison .
Plenty of heat to be had from that .
The same can be said of your garden .
Every day it absorbs energy from the sun , storing it up like a gigantic hotplate .
Domestic heat pumps can also suck warmth from the ground ( or even the air or water ) , concentrate it using the application of GCSE - level science , then put the heat to work in your radiators and hot water taps .
With fossil fuels becoming alarmingly expensive , this environmentally friendly and low - cost alternative to gas central heating is finally coming into its own in the UK .
It is incrediblyeffective , capable of achieving 400 % efficiency - giving out more energy ( typically 3 to 4 kilowatts ) than the householder puts in to run it ( typically 1 KW ) .
By comparison , an average gas boiler works at 90 % efficiency at best .
According to Professor David Reay , of Heriot - Watt University , an expert on heat pumps , little can be said against them .
Variants that extract heat from outside air perform less well in cold weather , just when the heat is needed most .
Strong argument
Ground source heat pumps overcome this problem .
" If we are serious about global warming , we need to put our money where our mouth is , " he says .
" As energy from fossil fuels generally becomes a more precious commodity , the argument in favour of heat pumps gets ever stronger , and the return on investing in them can only improve . "
While renovating their rural home a few miles outside Dorchester , Tim and Tessa Ferguson found the oil - fired heating system far too costly to run .
Last year , they installed a heat pump and expect it to pay for itself within seven years .
The estimated annual running cost will be £ 250 , compared to about £ 1,000 for the oil system .
" This system operates all day , every day .
We have plenty of hot water and the house is a comfortable temperature all year round , " says Tim Ferguson .
" It operates continuously , so the fabric of the house itself warms up , turning the building into one giant storage heater . "
The system cost about £ 8,500 to install , but the Fergusons received a rebate of £ 1,500 from the government , which has been running a grant scheme to encourage more people to switch to such renewable energy sources .
The heat pump 's success is partly due to its simplicity .
A 150 - metre length of plastic pipe buried a metre under the Ferguson 's garden is filled a mixture of water and anti-freeze , circulated by a simple electric pump .
As it moves around the circuit , the water warms up just a few degrees , which is enough to make a difference .
When the water arrives at the house , its temperature has been raised compared to that on the outgoing side of the circuit by four or five degrees celsius .
It goes into the heat pump , a box about the size of a fridge - freezer .
Here , the heat from the water is conducted to a sealed circuit containing refrigerant , warming it up .
( Imagine putting a loop of hose connected to the hot water tap into your fridge .
As the hot water cools , the fridge heats up . )
The heated refrigerant in turn is pushed through a compressor ( powered by electricity ) .
Compressing the refrigerant creates more heat ( up to 50C in a typical home with radiators in every room ) , and this heat is transferred once more to a third circuit - the one supplying hot water for use round the home .
The only cost is the electricity needed to power the compressor and three or four electric pumps that keep each circuit flowing .
There 's a chance that one of these essential parts might fail , but they are usually good for many years .
Constant heat
Ground - source heat pumps , where a length of pipe is laid horizontally into the ground , or a 15 - centimetre borehole drilled about 50 m down , can be installed just about anywhere .
The heat continues to flow in winter , even if the ground is frozen .
" Seasonal differences are very small , " says Tony Bowen , president of the Heat Pumps Association , the UK trade body .
" If you use a vertical borehole instead of an array of tubes buried in the ground , there 's no discernible difference . "
The Fergusons bought their system from Ice Energy , whose Oxfordshire office is heated by the aforementioned ice cube .
Managing director Andrew Sheldon points out that 97 % of all new buildings in Sweden are powered by heat pumps .
" The energy ministry wants to eventually eliminate fossil fuel burning , " he says .
In the UK , the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister is reviewing options .
" Housing developers are likely to be driven to use ground source heat pumps ; the argument in their favour is very strong , " he adds .
So if heat pumps are such a great idea , why have n't they caught on before ?
" Gas has been cheap , and the British are capital - averse , " sighs Tony Bowen .
" As a nation , we are bad at investing in low long - term running costs . "
The Fergusons clearly buck the trend .
" We 'll save a fortune in fuel bills , and we hope we 've added to the value of the property just by installing it . "
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
実は、僕はドラッカーが大好きです。ドラッカーをご存知ない方は、Wikipediaをどうぞ。ものすごく単純に言ってしまうと、近代マネジメントの原型を作った人という感じです。
けれど、その多くの著作は小難しい経営手法ではなく、個人というものに焦点が合わせられています。その中で、現在にも通じるはずのlifehack的な手法がありますので、紹介します。ちなみに、僕は3年くらい前から半年に一度ほど実行しています。
さて、その手法は 「フィードバック分析」というものです。やり方はいたって単純です。
今年、もしくは半年に一度、 「 現在、自分がやっている仕事」、もしくは「新しく始めた仕事」を書き出します。
その各々の仕事に、「その期待する成果、目標、結果」を書き出しておきます。
その書き出したデータや書類をどこかに保存しておきます。
半年後、もしくは一年後にそのデータや書類を取り出し、「その期待する成果、目標、結果」と「実際の成果」を見比べ、分析します。
すると、 「 自分の強み、得意なこと 」 、「自分の不得意なこと、弱み 」、「自分の知識の蓄積」が明らかになります。また、同時に、
勉強すべきこと（知的な傲慢を改めるために）
改善すべきこと（自分の弱みを補えなくても、この一点だけ改善していれば、うまくいったはずの仕事もあるはず）
も分析しておきます 。
その上で、その次の半年、もしくは1年にやるべき仕事を考えます。それは次のような思考のステップを取ります。
今後、3年から5年に取り組むべき仕事は何か？（組織のニーズと照らし合わせて）
それがなされると、状況は変わるのか否か？
それは自分がやるべきことか、それは自分の強みと一致しているか？
こういった思考のステップを踏まえ、また最初のステップに戻り、「現在、自分がやっている仕事」、もしくは「新しく始めた仕事」を書き出します。
で、これは一体何をしようとしているのか、というのが大事かと思います。これは自己分析の一種のようなもので、次のものを明らかにする効果があります。
自分の得意なこと、強み
強みを発揮する上で邪魔になっていること
自分では強みだと思っていたが、実際はあまり強みではないこと
自分の不得意なこと、弱み
ドラッカーの著作を何部か読まれた方はご存知かと思いますが、ドラッカーは
「 個人は自己の強みに集中すべきだ 」
という発言を一貫してしています。その一方で、
「 自分の弱みを人並みにするには、自分の強みを超一流にするよりも大きな努力が必要だ。それよりも、自己の強みに集中すべきことにより、卓越した成果を上げるべきだ」
とも言っています 。
また、
「 組織は個人の元々の性格や才能をあまりにも軽んじている」
という発言もよくあります。（努力したからといって、何でも一流になれるわけではない、ということです）
要は、徹底的に元来自分が持っているはずの自己の強みに特化することにより、仕事で成果を上げようぜ、という考え方なわけです。
個人的には大企業のように昇進のたびに、全く専門外の部署を毎回ぐるりんぐるりんまわされるよりも、徹底的に自己の強みに特化して仕事をするのが、これからの仕事のやり方ではないかと思っています。そういう意味では、ドラッカーの考え方にすごく同意なわけです。
でも、 「 俺、自分の強み、弱みは絶対分かっているよ 」
「今更、何を。学生時代に自己分析やったじゃん」という方もいらっしゃるかと。ただ、ドラッカーは
「 自分の強みを分かっているという人は大体が間違えている。弱みは分かっている人も多いが、残念ながらそれも外れていることが多い」
とも言っているわけです。
確かに、自分ではそう思っていても、周りの評価は全然違ったり、就職活動時の自己分析なんて、所詮企業へのアピールのためだけであったり、時間が経ちすぎていて、役立たなかったりするということはよくあるかと思います。
上記のフィードバック分析をなぞってもらえれば分かると思いますが、要は、
目標を立てる 仕事をする その目標と実際の結果を分析する 自己の強み、弱みが明らかになる それを生かして、次の目標を立て る
という構造になっているわけです。
僕は先ほど今年1年分のフィードバック分析を終えたところです。あんまり自分のものを公開するのは少々ためらいもありますが、一部だけ公開しておくと、自分の強みには、
情報の収集、処理、分析に長けている。
自分が知っている分野の知識、経験を分かりやすく、噛み砕いて相手に説明できる。
といったことが書かれており、自分の弱みには、
他人とゼロからの関係を短期間で築き上げる。
気が利かない、もしくはそういう行動を取るのが好きではない。
といったことが書かれています。
これらから察するに、特攻隊長的な営業やアフタフォローなどをするなどの仕事はあまり向いていないことが分かります。もしそういった仕事が振られるのであれば、営業に同行してもらい、商品の説明だけを自分で行うなどの対策が取れるわけです。
ちなみに、はじめてフィードバック分析を行う際には、うまく目標も分析もできないかもしれません。ただ、毎年行っていると、目標や分析の行い方のコツというのが分かってきます。気長に続けてみてください。
ドラッカーのフィードバック分析は、プロフェッショナルの条件―いかに成果をあげ、成長するか
( はじめて読むドラッカー ( 自己実現編 ) ) が役立つことと思いますので、時間がある方はぜひどうぞ。
最後に、このエントリーに関連するリンク先を。
When I was a kid - growing up in a middle - class family , in the middle of America , in the middle of the 1970s - parents dished out a familiar plate of advice to their children :
Get good grades , go to college , and pursue a profession that offers a decent standard of living and perhaps a dollop of prestige .
If you were good at math and science , become a doctor .
If you were better at English and history , become a lawyer .
If blood grossed you out and your verbal skills needed work , become an accountant .
Later , as computers appeared on desktops and CEOs on magazine covers , the youngsters who were really good at math and science chose high tech , while others flocked to business school , thinking that success was spelled MBA .
Tax attorneys .
Radiologists .
Financial analysts .
Software engineers .
Management guru Peter Drucker gave this cadre of professionals an enduring , if somewhat wonky , name : knowledge workers .
These are , he wrote , " people who get paid for putting to work what one learns in school rather than for their physical strength or manual skill . "
What distinguished members of this group and enabled them to reap society 's greatest rewards , was their " ability to acquire and to apply theoretical and analytic knowledge . "
And any of us could join their ranks .
All we had to do was study hard and play by the rules of the meritocratic regime .
That was the path to professional success and personal fulfillment .
But a funny thing happened while we were pressing our noses to the grindstone :
The world changed .
The future no longer belongs to people who can reason with computer - like logic , speed , and precision .
It belongs to a different kind of person with a different kind of mind .
Today - amid the uncertainties of an economy that has gone from boom to bust to blah - there 's a metaphor that explains what 's going on .
And it 's right inside our heads .
Scientists have long known that a neurological Mason - Dixon line cleaves our brains into two regions - the left and right hemispheres .
But in the last 10 years , thanks in part to advances in functional magnetic resonance imaging , researchers have begun to identify more precisely how the two sides divide responsibilities .
The left hemisphere handles sequence , literalness , and analysis .
The right hemisphere , meanwhile , takes care of context , emotional expression , and synthesis .
Of course , the human brain , with its 100 billion cells forging 1 quadrillion connections , is breathtakingly complex .
The two hemispheres work in concert , and we enlist both sides for nearly everything we do .
But the structure of our brains can help explain the contours of our times .
Until recently , the abilities that led to success in school , work , and business were characteristic of the left hemisphere .
They were the sorts of linear , logical , analytical talents measured by SATs and deployed by CPAs .
Today , those capabilities are still necessary .
But they 're no longer sufficient .
In a world upended by outsourcing , deluged with data , and choked with choices , the abilities that matter most are now closer in spirit to the specialties of the right hemisphere - artistry , empathy , seeing the big picture , and pursuing the transcendent .
Beneath the nervous clatter of our half - completed decade stirs a slow but seismic shift .
The Information Age we all prepared for is ending .
Rising in its place is what I call the Conceptual Age , an era in which mastery of abilities that we 've often overlooked and undervalued marks the fault line between who gets ahead and who falls behind .
To some of you , this shift - from an economy built on the logical , sequential abilities of the Information Age to an economy built on the inventive , empathic abilities of the Conceptual Age - sounds delightful .
" You had me at hello ! " I can hear the painters and nurses exulting .
But to others , this sounds like a crock .
" Prove it ! " I hear the programmers and lawyers demanding .
OK .
To convince you , I 'll explain the reasons for this shift , using the mechanistic language of cause and effect .
The effect : the scales tilting in favor of right brain - style thinking .
The causes : Asia , automation , and abundance .
Asia
Few issues today spark more controversy than outsourcing .
Those squadrons of white - collar workers in India , the Philippines , and China are scaring the bejesus out of software jockeys across North America and Europe .
According to Forrester Research , 1 in 9 jobs in the US information technology industry will move overseas by 2010 .
And it 's not just tech work .
Visit India 's office parks and you 'll see chartered accountants preparing American tax returns , lawyers researching American lawsuits , and radiologists reading CAT scans for US hospitals .
The reality behind the alarm is this : Outsourcing to Asia is overhyped in the short term , but underhyped in the long term .
We 're not all going to lose our jobs tomorrow .
( The total number of jobs lost to offshoring so far represents less than 1 percent of the US labor force . )
But as the cost of communicating with the other side of the globe falls essentially to zero , as India becomes ( by 2010 ) the country with the most English speakers in the world , and as developing nations continue to mint millions of extremely capable knowledge workers , the professional lives of people in the West will change dramatically .
If number crunching , chart reading , and code writing can be done for a lot less overseas and delivered to clients instantly via fiber - optic cable , that 's where the work will go .
But these gusts of comparative advantage are blowing away only certain kinds of white - collar jobs - those that can be reduced to a set of rules , routines , and instructions .
That 's why narrow left - brain work such as basic computer coding , accounting , legal research , and financial analysis is migrating across the oceans .
But that 's also why plenty of opportunities remain for people and companies doing less routine work - programmers who can design entire systems , accountants who serve as life planners , and bankers expert less in the intricacies of Excel than in the art of the deal .
Now that foreigners can do left - brain work cheaper , we in the US must do right - brain work better .
Automation
Last century , machines proved they could replace human muscle .
This century , technologies are proving they can outperform human left brains - they can execute sequential , reductive , computational work better , faster , and more accurately than even those with the highest IQs .
( Just ask chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov . )
Consider jobs in financial services .
Stockbrokers who merely execute transactions are history .
Online trading services and market makers do such work far more efficiently .
The brokers who survived have morphed from routine order - takers to less easily replicated advisers , who can understand a client 's broader financial objectives and even the client 's emotions and dreams .
Or take lawyers .
Dozens of inexpensive information and advice services are reshaping law practice .
At CompleteCase.com , you can get an uncontested divorce for $ 249 , less than a 10th of the cost of a divorce lawyer .
Meanwhile , the Web is cracking the information monopoly that has long been the source of many lawyers ' high incomes and professional mystique .
Go to USlegalforms.com and you can download - for the price of two movie tickets - fill - in - the - blank wills , contracts , and articles of incorporation that used to reside exclusively on lawyers ' hard drives .
Instead of hiring a lawyer for 10 hours to craft a contract , consumers can fill out the form themselves and hire a lawyer for one hour to look it over .
Consequently , legal abilities that can't be digitized - convincing a jury or understanding the subtleties of a negotiation - become more valuable .
Even computer programmers may feel the pinch .
" In the old days , " legendary computer scientist Vernor Vinge has said , " anybody with even routine skills could get a job as a programmer .
That is n't true anymore .
The routine functions are increasingly being turned over to machines . "
The result :
As the scut work gets offloaded , engineers will have to master different aptitudes , relying more on creativity than competence .
Any job that can be reduced to a set of rules is at risk .
If a $ 500 - a- month accountant in India does n't swipe your accounting job , TurboTax will .
Now that computers can emulate left - hemisphere skills , we 'll have to rely ever more on our right hemispheres .
Abundance
Our left brains have made us rich .
Powered by armies of Drucker 's knowledge workers , the information economy has produced a standard of living that would have been unfathomable in our grandparents ' youth .
Their lives were defined by scarcity .
Ours are shaped by abundance .
Want evidence ?
Spend five minutes at Best Buy .
Or look in your garage .
Owning a car used to be a grand American aspiration .
Today , there are more automobiles in the US than there are licensed drivers - which means that , on average , everybody who can drive has a car of their own .
And if your garage is also piled with excess consumer goods , you 're not alone .
Self - storage - a business devoted to housing our extra crap - is now a $ 17 billion annual industry in the US , nearly double Hollywood 's yearly box office take .
But abundance has produced an ironic result .
The Information Age has unleashed a prosperity that in turn places a premium on less rational sensibilities - beauty , spirituality , emotion .
For companies and entrepreneurs , it 's no longer enough to create a product , a service , or an experience that 's reasonably priced and adequately functional .
In an age of abundance , consumers demand something more .
Check out your bathroom .
If you 're like a few million Americans , you 've got a Michael Graves toilet brush or a Karim Rashid trash can that you bought at Target .
Try explaining a designer garbage pail to the left side of your brain !
Or consider illumination .
Electric lighting was rare a century ago , but now it 's commonplace .
Yet in the US , candles are a $ 2 billion a year business - for reasons that stretch beyond the logical need for luminosity to a prosperous country 's more inchoate desire for pleasure and transcendence .
Liberated by this prosperity but not fulfilled by it , more people are searching for meaning .
From the mainstream embrace of such once - exotic practices as yoga and meditation to the rise of spirituality in the workplace to the influence of evangelism in pop culture and politics , the quest for meaning and purpose has become an integral part of everyday life .
And that will only intensify as the first children of abundance , the baby boomers , realize that they have more of their lives behind them than ahead .
In both business and personal life , now that our left - brain needs have largely been sated , our right - brain yearnings will demand to be fed .
As the forces of Asia , automation , and abundance strengthen and accelerate , the curtain is rising on a new era , the Conceptual Age .
If the Industrial Age was built on people 's backs , and the Information Age on people 's left hemispheres , the Conceptual Age is being built on people 's right hemispheres .
We 've progressed from a society of farmers to a society of factory workers to a society of knowledge workers .
And now we 're progressing yet again - to a society of creators and empathizers , pattern recognizers , and meaning makers .
But let me be clear :
The future is not some Manichaean landscape in which individuals are either left - brained and extinct or right - brained and ecstatic - a land in which millionaire yoga instructors drive BMWs and programmers scrub counters at Chick - fil - A. Logical , linear , analytic thinking remains indispensable .
But it 's no longer enough .
To flourish in this age , we 'll need to supplement our well - developed high tech abilities with aptitudes that are " high concept " and " high touch . "
High concept involves the ability to create artistic and emotional beauty , to detect patterns and opportunities , to craft a satisfying narrative , and to come up with inventions the world did n't know it was missing .
High touch involves the capacity to empathize , to understand the subtleties of human interaction , to find joy in one 's self and to elicit it in others , and to stretch beyond the quotidian in pursuit of purpose and meaning .
Developing these high concept , high touch abilities wo n't be easy for everyone .
For some , the prospect seems unattainable .
Fear not ( or at least fear less ) .
The sorts of abilities that now matter most are fundamentally human attributes .
After all , back on the savannah , our caveperson ancestors were n't plugging numbers into spreadsheets or debugging code .
But they were telling stories , demonstrating empathy , and designing innovations .
These abilities have always been part of what it means to be human .
It 's just that after a few generations in the Information Age , many of our high concept , high touch muscles have atrophied .
The challenge is to work them back into shape .
Want to get ahead today ?
Forget what your parents told you .
Instead , do something foreigners can't do cheaper .
Something computers can't do faster .
And something that fills one of the nonmaterial , transcendent desires of an abundant age .
In other words , go right , young man and woman , go right .
Adapted from A Whole New Mind : Moving from the Information Age to the Conceptual Age , copyright - by Daniel H. Pink , to be published in March by Riverhead Books .
Printed with permission of the publisher .
Contributing editor Daniel H. Pink ( dp@danpink.com ) wrote about Gross National Happiness in issue 12.12 .
credit : EMEK
We ca n’t articulate it , but we know a charming person when we see one .
It ’s that person at the party who seems to know everybody .
He works the crowd with such ease and has a positive aura about him , and everybody just seems drawn to him like steel to a magnet .
He leaves people thinking “ What a great guy ! ” and seems to have it all together .
I would be a fool if I wrote an article on how to be charming if I was n’t charming to begin with .
I do n’t mean to say I ’m the most charming man on the face of the earth , but I do have my moments .
I ’ve reflected back on those moments , studied other charismatic people , read books on the subject , and asked other charismatic people to share their insights on this elusive trait .
You know what I learned ?
Charisma is not genetic .
It can be learned .
On to the 8 tips .
1 . Get your own life in order first .
When everything is going right in your life , the world is your oyster .
You ’re in the zone , you ’re on top of the world , you feel invincible , like everything has fallen into place just for you .
You do n’t have a single worry in the world and you feel like singing and dancing in the rain .
With this kind of mental state , it ’s a double edged sword .
It can lead you to become the most charismatic person in the world , or the most obnoxious and boastful person in the world ( more on how to not be the latter later on in this article ) .
You cannot fake charisma if you have problems going on in your life , whether it ’s trouble paying the bills , family issues , relationship problems , etc .
That stuff will weigh you down .
Get your life in order .
Pay the bills , save some money in the bank , forgive other people , do n’t hold grudges , be courteous to all , resolve any issues you have with people , have a passion in life , have a dream you ’re working on , eat right , exercise , etc .
You will find that getting your act together will make it extremely easy for you to be charismatic , because then you can do the other half of what charismatic people do , and that is focus on the other person .
2. Exercise
Exercise before attending any event or gathering ( and please shower afterwards : ) ) .
It ’ll give you the energy you need to emanate your glowing charm throughout the room .
It ’ll get you in the right mindset of a being a happy positive person because of the endorphins circulating in your body .
It ’ll give you that confidence to start socializing .
You ’ll be on your game .
Everything will flow just right because you feel like a million bucks .
3 . Wear the clothes
You know what clothes I ’m talking about .
Everybody ’s got an outfit that makes them feel like a million bucks .
We all know that clothes make you feel good .
If you feel good , it ’ll be really easy to make others feel good .
And the less worried you are about your appearance , the more you can focus on the other person .
The more content you are with yourself ( aka self confident ) , the more easier it will be to turn on the charm .
4. Pre-socialize
I do n’t know why it is , but if I have socialized prior to attending a gathering or event , I find it way easier to turn on the charm .
What I mean by pre-socializing is just striking up conversations with any person you meet on the way to the event ; the store clerk , the people on the elevator , the security guard , etc .
Just some light conversation .
Nothing heavy .
How are you ?
Busy day today eh ?
I like your jacket .
Do you mind me asking where you got it ?
I think pre-socializing gets you into the groove of easily being able to talk to any person , one of the key skills in becoming charming .
When you get to the event :
5 . Pretend you ’re the host and talk to EVERYBODY
This is a very cool paradigm to try out .
Instead of standing in the corner , sipping your drink and hoping somebody will come talk to you , take the initiative and start talking with EVERYONE , and I mean EVERYONE .
You can do this if you pretend to be the host of the event .
Start by looking out for people who are trying to act cool , but are desperately wishing that someone would go talk to them .
You know exactly who they are .
Rescue them from their worries and you ’ll see their face light up and thank you for approaching them .
Work the crowd , ask how everyone ’s doing .
They will all light up and respond favorably .
Get to know people and introduce people to other people .
Most people do n’t have the guts to approach strangers , so when you do it for them , they ’ll be extremely grateful .
Do n’t discriminate based on social groups .
People are all the same .
Talk to the skater , the artist , the economist , the stock broker , the lawyer , the doctor , the entrepreneur , the bartender , the guy standing in the corner , the waiter , everybody .
Talk to everyone and make them feel welcome .
You just need to get the ball rolling .
Once you start talking to one stranger and get in the rhythm , you ’ll be an unstoppable social butterfly .
6 . You , not I .
Charming people focus on the other person .
Rarely are they themselves the topic of discussion .
When you ’re out there schmoozing , listen to people when they talk to you and give them feedback to indicate that you are listening and that you understand .
Be genuinely interested in the other person .
Ask all about them .
Always think of how you can help them .
Send business their way .
Hook them up with other people at the party you think they might get along well with .
7 . Make them feel good .
Give people genuine compliments .
Everybody needs compliments like food and water because everybody ’s self esteem can always use a little boost .
Do n’t go for the cliché compliments like everyone else .
Remember , you ’re the charismatic one .
You ’ve got to step it up a notch .
Think of a genuine killer compliment .
Also , do n’t forget to use the power of touch .
A hormone called oxytocin is secreted when you touch someone and studies have shown that promotes bond and trust between people .
Oxytocin is also a feel good hormone so when they get hit with it , they associate that good feeling with you as well .
Obviously , use your better judgment here .
Do n’t go up and start molesting people .
Be tactful with your touch .
You will find that women are the masters of this .
They will lightly tap your forearm when making a point or playfully hit your shoulder when engaged in conversation with you .
People tend to remember conversations with people who use the power of touch .
I remember going to one event and being charmed off the socks with this one guy .
He had it going .
He was working the crowd , he saw me , introduced himself , and started to ask all sorts of questions about me .
I , in turn , shamelessly succumbed to his charm and divulged a lot of information and we both had good laughs .
You know why I remember him out of all the other people I interacted with that day ?
It ’s because he squeezed my arm when he shook my hand .
No joke .
That ’s how I remembered him .
As the charming guy who squeezed my arm .
Touch is a very powerful thing .
Use it wisely .
8 . Be positive .
Smile .
Charming people are known for making people feel way better after interacting with them .
They have a light feathery touch to them that brings smiles and good feelings to everybody they come in contact with .
Talk about positive things .
Avoid negative things .
You ’ll always run into people who turn a good conversation into a bad one by bringing up some negativity .
If that happens , try to tactfully point out the positive aspects of the situation .
If that fails , excuse yourself from the group and move on .
There ’s no need to be part of the down group .
Get your stuff together , exercise , put on those nice clothes , get in the habit of socializing with everyone , talk with everyone , really listen and keep the focus on them , make them feel good , only associate yourself with positive things and people , and you ’ll find yourself being that one person who ’s always lighting up the room .
shot at 1:00 am , toronto's beaches .
update : thank you all for the warm feedback .
just to clarify a few things and answer some questions :
- this is the moon and not the sun !
when it started to come up it was totally red and then became orange ( which was at the time I took this shot ) and then turned to white / blue when it was higher in the sky .
- I used the B ( bulb ) shutter setting on the camera and decided for 1:30 m exposure with f6.3 but since it was pitch dark I used the timer on my palm pilot and I was one second off to end the exposure , that explains the 89 seconds !
and the 1:00 am ( after midnight ) time is indeed correct , the long exposure made the night look like day .
and this is one photo , not a combination of two .
- white balance was set to auto but since I shoot RAW , I can always select the right white balance later .
the colours here are very close to what I remember from that night , although it was very dark .
- this was shot more than a week ago , at the same time as this .
- you can notice the movement of the moon in the sky by the slight angle of its reflection on the water surface .
the actual moon itself is streaking like the stars but since it 's blown out it 's not as noticeable .
and here are the desktop wallpapers as requested in 3 popular resolutions .
download the one closest to your screen resolution .
| 1600x1200 | 1280x1024 | 1024x768 |
Markos reports the following , then read on because I have more and it's good :
In an interview , Pelosi also said she was puzzled by what she considered the president 's minimalist explanation for his confidence in the new surge of 21,500 U.S. troops that he has presented as the crux of a new " way forward " for U.S. forces in Iraq .
" He 's tried this two times — it 's failed twice , " the California Democrat said .
" I asked him at the White House , ' Mr. President , why do you think this time it 's going to work ? '
And he said , ' Because I told them it had to . ' "
Asked if the president had elaborated , she added that he simply said , " ' I told them that they had to . '
That was the end of it .
That 's the way it is . "
PELOSI : He 's tried this two times — it 's failed twice .
I asked him at the White House , ' Mr. President , why do you think this time it 's going to work ? '
BUSH : Because I told them it had to .
PELOSI : Why did n't you tell them that the other two times ?
Oh , it 's better than that .
When I was on the Hill on Tuesday , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - FL ) told us ( on the record ) the rest of the story .
Apparently , Pelosi 's final come - back to the president was the following :
It 's because I 'm so humble , obviously .
Allow me to illustrate with an excerpt from the personal character chapter of McConnell 's Code Complete 2.0 :
The intense inwardness of programming makes personal character especially important .
You know how difficult it is to put in eight concentrated hours in one day .
You 've probably had the experience of being burned out one day from concentrating the day before or burned out one month from concentrating too hard the month before .
You 've probably had days on which you 've worked well from 8:00 am to 2:00 pm and then felt like quitting .
You did n't quit , though ; you pushed on from 2:00 pm to 5:00 pm and then spent the rest of the week fixing what you wrote from 2:00 to 5:00 .
Programming work is essentially unsupervisable because no one ever really knows what you 're working on .
We 've all had projects in which we spent 80 percent of the time working on a small piece we found interesting and 20 percent of the time building the other 80 percent of the program .
Your employer can't force you to be a good programmer ; a lot of times your employer is n't even in a position to judge whether you 're good .
If you want to be great , you 're responsible for making yourself great .
It 's a matter of your personal character .
Nobody is really smart enough to program computers .
Fully understanding an average program requires an almost limitless capacity to absorb details and an equal capacity to comprehend them all at the same time .
The way you focus your intelligence is more important than how much intelligence you have At the 1972 Turing Award lecture , Edsger Dijkstra delivered a paper titled " The Humble Programmer . "
He argued that most of programming is an attempt to compensate for the strictly limited size of our skulls .
The people who are best at programming are the people who realize how small their brains are .
They are humble .
The people who are the worst at programming are the people who refuse to accept the fact that their brains are n't equal to the task .
Their egos keep them from being great programmers .
The more you learn to compensate for your small brain , the better a programmer you 'll be .
The more humble you are , the faster you 'll improve .
The purpose of many good programming practices is to reduce the load on your gray cells .
You might think that the high road would be to develop better mental abilities so you would n't need these programming crutches .
You might think that a programmer who uses mental crutches is taking the low road .
Empirically , however , it 's been shown that humble programmers who compensate for their fallibilities write code that 's easier for themselves and others to understand and that has fewer errors .
The real low road is the road of errors and delayed schedules .
At the top of the list of desirable personal character traits is humility :
When interviewing candidates for programming positions , I always look for someone who is brave enough to say " I do n't know " when they need to .
Candidates who can't or wo n't do this get red flagged ; those types of programmers are dangerous .
" Can - do " attitiudes have a superficial allure , but they 're actually poison in our field
Is n't the world of development blogs , an amazing fountain of seemingly endless knowledge -- also incredibly humbling ?
There are so many people , many of them giants in the field , who are far smarter and just plain better than I will ever be .
But it 's not our job to be better than anyone else ; we just need to be better than we were a year ago .
* Yes , the title is intended to be ironic .
Just in case , I wanted this disclaimer here ..
HHKB Professional HG JAPAN
販売終了製 品
※「 JAPAN 」 は英語 で 「 漆塗」の意味です。
キートップに 「 輪島塗( 注1)の技法」を用いて漆塗を施すことにより、他に類を見ない質感と触感を実現した、HHKBシリーズの頂点。 無刻印モデルのみの完全プロフェッショナル仕様。
( 注1 )
本来、輪島塗の素地には「木」を用いるものですが、今回は特別に、大徹八井漆器工房のご協力を得て、PBT樹脂のキートップに「輪島塗の技法」を用いた「漆塗」を施しております。
輪島塗の詳細( 輪島漆器商工業協同組合 )
朱金（漆）モデ ル
What is The Old Negro Space Program ?
It ’s a short film I made in 2003 .
I had the title first .
It made me laugh .
Then I made the movie , slowly .
I figured if it sucked I would n’t show it to anyone .
It did not suck , so here it is .
This was shown at the HBO Comedy Festival in 2004 ( back when it was the Aspen Comedy Festival ) .
And even before that , it helped me get my first tv writing job on Malcolm in the Middle .
Also it was one of the first shorts to “ go viral , ” and I ’m very proud of it .
The Old Negro Space Program has been good to me .
I hope you enjoy it .
Want to help me out ?
Sure I ’m a big - time tv writer now .
But not that big - time yet .
Tell you what .
If you really loved the movie , why not get yourself a sweet remembrance of our time together :
Beautiful , right ?
Okay , so you love the movie and you want to help me pay for the cost of hosting this site , but you do n’t want a t - shirt or mousepad .
How about a donation through Paypal ?
Or how about this ?
You want to donate , but you do n’t want me to have any piece of it ?
Please give to the Negro League Players Association , or the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum .
You ’ll feel good .
I ’ll feel less guilty for satirizing this treasured part of American history .
And you ’ll be helping to keep this treasure alive .
Iran is now a " nuclear power , " its President , Mahmoud Ahamdinejad , delcared Wednesday , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency
Threat ?
Ahmadinejad : Israel , US will vanish News agencies Ahmadinejad says Israel , US , Britain will vanish – ' this is a divine promise ; '
Iran demands UN Security Council condemn Israel 's nuclear development , place Israel 's facilities under inspection Ahmadinejad : Israel , US will vanish
During a speech delivered in the Western Iranian province of Javanroud , Ahmadinejad said : " The Islamic Republic of Iran is now a nuclear power , thanks to the hard work of the Iranian people and authorities . "
The announcement of Iran as a " nuclear power " is bound to significantly escalate tensions between the West and Iran , and marks a dramatic stage in the Islamic Republic 's nuclear campaign .
In recent days , the US military has begun to build up forces around the Gulf , in what is being seen as as a warning to Iran .
Ahmadinejad was also reported to have announced that " Iranian young scientists reached the zenith of science and technology and gained access to the nuclear fuel cycle without the help of big powers . "
The Iranian president began the speech by saying that " the powerful Iranian nation resists bullying powers and will defend its rights , including the right to pursue peaceful nuclear technology , " the IRNA said .
In a clear rejection of all diplomatic attempts to prevent Iran from going nuclear , Ahmadinejad added in his speech that " the Iranian nation will continue in its nuclear path powerfully and will celebrate a nuclear victory soon . "
The IRNA said Ahmadinejad was in Javanroud for a three - day tour along with members of his cabinet .
by on
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is once again being dismissed as “ anti-American ” by the mainstream media in this country for daring to say what many of us know is true : that our government ’s policies throughout the world are more about control of resources than fighting terrorism .
Chavez is not “ anti-American . ”
He is anti-George Bush .
He is anti-U.S. government policies .
So are millions of others ( myself included ) , who have been marching and speaking out against those same policies since Bush first took office in 2000 .
The latest charges of being “ anti-American ” come after Chavez addressed the United Nation ’s 61st General Assembly on September 20 .
Commenting on Bush ’s appearance at the UN the day before , Chavez said : “ The devil came here yesterday .
He came here talking as if he were the owner of the world . ”
The Socialist leader accused the U.S. government of “ domination , exploitation and pillage of peoples of the world . ”
He said that our government was already supporting coup attempts to overthrow him , which comes as news to no one who knows anything about the history of U.S. involvement in Latin America .
In his 23 - minute speech , which received thunderous applause from the almost 200 delegates present , Chavez made it clear that he was talking about the U.S. government and not the American people .
In fact , Chavez credited the American people with wanting peace in the world : “ If we walk in the streets of the Bronx , if we walk around New York , Washington , San Diego , in any city , San Antonio , San Francisco , and we ask individuals , the citizens of the United States , what does this country want ?
Does it want peace ?
They ’ll say yes .
But the government does n’t want peace .
The government of the United States does n’t want peace . ”
How is that anti-American ?
Obviously , the use of “ anti- American ” in headlines and stories about Chavez is meant to inflame readers .
It is not intended to be an accurate and non-biased description of Chavez ’s speech .
It is more and more the way the mainstream American media deals with dissent against the president ’s policies .
If there ’s a Woodward and Bernstein in the press these days , they ’re hiding for fear of being given a one - way ticket to Guantánamo–by their editors .
Chavez told the truth .
He said things that the liberal Democrats in this country should be saying every day and in every way possible .
Instead of demonizing Chavez , the American people should be grateful that finally a world leader has spoken out forcefully against a war that we hate and policies that put all of us at risk of more terrorist attacks .
Que viva Hugo Chavez !
Keep on telling it like it is .
Tommi Avicolli Mecca is a radical queer southern Italian working - class performer , writer and activist .
Filed under : Archive
BlackBerry uses cookies to help make our website better .
Some of the cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of the website while others , non-essential cookies , are used to better understand how you interact with our website and to make it better .
You can accept the use of cookies here
Pakistan on Thursday urged the international community to encourage national reconciliation and undertake an extensive reconstruction program for south and southeast Afghanistan in addition to what it is being done for the rest of Afghanistan .
Pakistani foreign ministry spokesperson in a statement also called for addressing the problem of narcotics in Afghanistan .
Clarifying remarks attributed to Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri by the British Daily Telegraph , the statement said the foreign minister did not say that the Taliban were winning the war in Afghanistan and North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) was bound to fail nor has he advised any country against sending more troops .
" The foreign minister 's comments have been distorted and misrepresented , " the spokesperson said .
The foreign minister had only reiterated what Pakistan has been stressing all along the need for a comprehensive strategy , she said .
" The foreign minister had emphasized that military approach alone would not resolve the problem in Afghanistan .
It must be combined with political and economic approach , " she added .
Source : Xinhua
Until recently , the color palette of history was black and white .
The lack of color is sometimes so overpowering that it 's difficult to imagine from Matthew Brady 's photos what the Civil War looked like in real life .
Even into the 1970s , press photos documenting the war in Vietnam were in B&W and the New York Times delivered its news exclusively in B &W until the 90s , running the first color photograph on the front page in 1997 .
Which is why when color photos from an event or era set firmly in our B &W history are uncovered , the effect can be jarring .
Color adds depth , presence , and modernity to photography ; it 's easier for us to identify with the people in the pictures and to imagine ourselves in their surroundings .
Some examples include Sergei Mikhailovich Prokudin - Gorskii's stunning photographs of Russia circa 1909 - 1915 , color photos from World War I ( more here ) , and color photos from World War II ( more here ) .
A reader recently sent in a link to Bound for Glory : America in Color , 1939 - 1943 , a Library of Congress exhibition of several color photographs from that era .
Like the photos referenced above , these look strikingly modern , but because they were produced by scanning color transparencies , most these photos have a low contrast , muddy quality to them .
To bring these photos more firmly into the modern era , I color corrected a few of them with Photoshop .
My goal was not to blow out the contrast or unnecessarily accentuate colors , but attempt to duplicate what these photos would look like had they been taken with a contemporary camera and processed using contemporary techniques and materials .
The photos are displayed in pairs , with the color - corrected version first , followed by the original for comparison .
Links
In an earlier " Dismal Science " column titled " Setting Sun , " Dr. Krugman prescribed the useful medicine of inflation to rouse the Japanese economy .
For a more technical treatment by Krugman about Japan 's liquidity trap , see this article on his home page .
Paul Krugman is a professor of economics at MIT and the author , most recently , of , The Accidental Theorist and Other Dispatches From the Dismal Science .
His home page contains links to many of his other articles and essays .
Illustrations by Robert Neubecker .
NOTE 1
We could move the story a bit closer to the way real economies work by imagining that
couples could borrow and lend coupons ; the interest rate in this infant capital market would
then play the role that the " discount rate " of the co-op management plays in the text .
NOTE 2
Well , maybe not so obvious .
The basic problem with the winter co-op is that people want to
save the credit they earn from baby - sitting in the winter to use in the summer , even at a zero
interest rate .
But in the aggregate , the co-op 's members can't save up winter baby - sitting for
summer use .
So individual efforts to do so end up producing nothing but a winter slump .
The answer is to make it clear that points earned in the winter will be devalued if held until
the summer -- say , to make five hours of baby - sitting credit earned in the winter melt into only
four hours by summer .
This will encourage people to use their baby - sitting hours sooner and
hence create more baby - sitting opportunities .
You might be tempted to think there is
something unfair about this -- that it means expropriating people 's savings .
But the reality is
that the co-op as a whole cannot bank winter baby - sitting for summer use , so it is actually
distorting members ' incentives to allow them to trade winter hours for summer hours on a
one - for - one basis .
But what in the nonbaby - sitting economy corresponds to our coupons that melt in the
summer ?
The answer is that an economy that is in a liquidity trap needs expected
inflation -- that is , it needs to convince people that the yen they are tempted to hoard will buy
less a month or a year from now than they do today .
The diagnosis that Japan is in a liquidity trap -- and proposals for inflation as a way out of this
trap -- has been widely publicized in the last few months .
But they have had to contend with a
deep - seated prejudice that stable prices are always desirable , that to promote inflation is to
cheat the public out of its just reward for saving to create perverse and dangerous incentives .
Indeed , some economists and commentators have tried to claim that despite all appearances ,
Japan is not in a liquidity trap , perhaps even that such a thing can't really happen .
But the
extended baby - sitting story tells us it can -- and that inflation is actually the economically
correct way out .
The Demographics of Digg 2 December , 2006 — Stuart Brown
US , Los Angeles , Firefox , Windows lead the way
Posted in Web Design , Analysis
Tagged with : digg , demographics , stats , breakdown , country , city , analytics
This week Modern Life was the grateful recipient of the 100,000th Digg user since the site was established - a number accrued over 9 front page stories and 6 months .
That 's a lot by any measure , and Digg.com thus far has been the largest referrer to ML .
With Digg.com being touted as a possible acquisition target , and with a purported value of $ 150 million , just what ( or who ) exactly are potential investors buying in to ?
Writer ’s Note :
My intent in offering this story is simply to give Rolex wearers an appreciation of the life and passion of the amazing gentleman who created our watch , Hans Wilsdorf .
Many of you have never heard his name but owe him a great deal .
I am telling this tale in story form and with a bit of poetic license yet based on historic fact .
I hope you enjoy it .
The Rolex Story
Hans Wilsdorf was born in Bavaria ( Germany ) in 1881 to a successful , middle - class family of iron mongers .
At age 12 , circumstances made young Hans an orphan .
His charge was given to an Aunt and Uncle who promptly placed him in a Boarding School in Coburg , Germany about 25 miles away from his home .
It was a dreadful existence and Hans was very unhappy .
He focused on his school work to survive and became quite proficient at reading , writing and speaking English .
This would later become quite useful !
One day , Hans decided he had had enough and left the boarding school for Geneva , Switzerland .
He found a job working for a pearl merchant .
He learned the business and noted that the company actually did not create anything and still made a great profit !
The company purchased pearls from various markets then sorted , graded and packaged them for sale to jewelers .
This would also prove to be a great lesson to young Hans .
Ultimately , Hans got a job with a growing watch company called Cuno - Korten in Switzerland .
He was hired because he could read and write English and could answer correspondence from The British Empire and America , the richest nations in the World at that time .
While at Kuno - Korten Hans became fascinated with watch movements and their accuracy .
This was the beginning of his life - long passion .
Hans later found a partner , Alfred Davis , and together they opened their own watch company , Wilsdorf and Davis .
Hans convinced a small watch movement manufacturer in Bienne , Switzerland , Aegler , to produce watch movements for him small enough to wear on the wrist .
A great visionary , Hans saw the trend to move away from Pocket Watches .
Their new watches proved to be very successful .
Wilsdorf and Davis first registered the Tradename Rolex in 1908 .
It means absolutely nothing and is thought to have been inspired by George Eastman who in 1884 decided against naming his camera the Eastman 25 in favor of Kodak .
Mr. Eastman is quoted as saying I knew a tradename must be short , vigorous , incapable of being misspelled to the extent that will destroy its identity , and , in order to satisfy the trademark laws , must mean nothing .
The brand name Rolex was born !
Mr. Wilsdorf continued to be innovative with his watch and was intent upon its high level of accuracy .
Then , in 1926 he added a new level of distinction he made it water - proof and deemed it the Oyster .
He coined the term due to his frustration in trying to open a tightly closed Oyster !
Hans Wilsdorf and his Amazing Watch
In 1927 , Mr. Wilsdorf was looking to make his Rolex watch known around the world .
He employed the services of a young London typist named Mercedes Glietz who at the time was attempting to swim the English Channel .
Hans announced to the world media that she would be wearing his water - proof Rolex Oyster watch and that she would emerge from the water and his watch would be perfectly on time .
This had never been done before .
When Miss Glietz stepped from the water , exhausted , after swimming for over 15 hours , her Rolex was right on time .
She and her Rolex Oyster made headlines around the world !
Rolex has continued to stay in the forefront of the watch world with classic design and innovation , to this day .
If you would like to learn more of this incredible watch and its history , I highly recommend the book , The Best of Time , by Mr. James M. Dowling and Mr. Jeffery P. Hess .
It is exceptional and was a source for this writing .
Writer ’s Note : Hans Wilsdorf ’s passion in life was his Rolex watch .
He intended his watch to make the world a better place , through its uses , its accuracy and its beauty .
He wanted his watch to be considered a symbol of achievement , not a symbol of status and became agitated if it was referred to as such .
His watch was priced just out of reach of the middle - class man meaning , to earn one , one would have to contribute a bit more , work a little harder and reach a bit farther .
A Rolex watch is generally significant of a major achievement in its wearer ’s life .
Upon Mr. Wilsdorf ’s death in 1960 , he owned all of Rolex and the Company today is still privately held and overseen by the Hans Wilsdorf Foundation which is a Charitable Organization .
It is said that the proceeds discretely go to Children ’s Charities around the world ( Mr. Wilsdorf was an orphan ) and to cutting edge entrepreneurial endeavors ( Mr. Wilsdorf had over 700 patents ) .
You should be extremely proud of that Rolex on your wrist , your achievements to get it and this Company who produced it .
It says a lot about you .
– The Watchmasters Team
About RETRO is a modern , pragmatic Forth drawing influences from many sources .
It 's clean , elegant , tiny , easy to grasp , and adaptable to many tasks .
It 's not a traditional Forth .
Drawing influence from colorForth , it uses prefixes to guide the compiler .
From Joy and Factor , it uses quotations ( anonymous , nestable functions ) and combinators ( functions that operate on functions ) for much of the stack and flow control .
It also adds vocabularies for working with strings , arrays , and other data types .
Download Latest Source ( recommended ) 2019.7 Release Documentation Read the RETRO Handbook Glossary ( text ) Glossary ( Browsable , HTML )
Features Open Source
The source and documentation are distributed under the ISC license Portable RETRO runs on a virtual machine .
Implementations are provided in C , Python , Pascal , C# , JavaScript , and RETRO .
RETRO has been built and used on many systems including DOS , Windows , Linux , FreeBSD , NetBSD , Haiku , macOS , and iOS .
Tested host CPU architectures include x86 ( 16 and 32 bit ) , x86-64 , ARM , and PowerPC .
Self Contained
The standard binaries are entirely self contained and need only standard system libraries to run .
Small
A RETRO is small , in both source and binaries .
minimal C implementation of the VM is 250 lines ( without comments ) .
The full implementation is 2,376 lines .
On FreeBSD x86 - 64 , the binaries can range from 55 k to 128k in size depending on configuration .
For me , espresso is an integral part of every day .
I typically start the day with a regular coffee , but then move on to an espresso mid-morning at work , followed by another either mid-afternoon or when I get home from work .
I would n't call myself a real coffee connoisseur , but I certainly know what I like , and for my money you just can't beat a perfect cup of espresso with coffee in any other form .
I 'm certainly not alone in this , and many of my colleagues and friends are more knowledgeable about coffee and are even more devoted to it than I am .
But , as scientists , we are seldom happy with a gut reaction , and you 'll always find us seeking the why and how .
For example , you 'll notice that I used the phrase " a perfect cup of espresso " above .
What does that mean ?
What constitutes a " perfect " espresso , and how can one ensure getting it every time ?
A real answer begs for experimentation , a healthy dose of hypotheses , more experiments , refined hypotheses , ... , - you know what I 'm talking about .
Most of us coffee lovers focus , understandably , on the ( uncontrolled ) experimental part of this process , find what we like , and just live with the fact that we do n't really know what 's behind it .
But if you 've got enough scientist in you , you 'll never be completely happy with this , and will yearn for a more complete understanding .
Luckily , such a scientific analysis exists !
Ernesto
Illy is a fascinating character .
If you know coffee , you 'll recognize his name from the highly successful Trieste - based coffee company , illycaffÃ¨ , of which he is the Chairman .
However , equally relevant to the topic at hand is that Illy holds a doctorate in chemistry and a background in molecular biology .
He is fascinated with the science of coffee , and in June 2002 he wrote a wonderful article for Scientific American , titled The Complexity of Coffee ( The article requires a subscription , but is also available on Illy 's website ) .
Since coffee comes in many forms , Illy focuses on espresso as a specific example .
He discusses the importance of the perfect beans , what that means , and the role that modern technology is playing in improving speed and quality control in attaining them .
He then talks about roasting , in terms that are music to a scientist 's ear
... residual water inside each cell is converted to steam , which promotes diverse , complicated chemical reactions among the cornucopia of sugars , proteins , lipids and minerals within [... ] .
At high heat , from 185 to 240 degrees Celsius , sugars combine with amino acids , peptides and proteins according to a well - known caramelization process called Maillard 's reaction .
The end products are brownish , bittersweet glycosylamine and melanoidinsâ€ " which give rise to coffee 's dominant tasteâ € " along with carbon dioxide ( up to 12 liters per kilogram of roasted coffee )
One part I particularly enjoy is the chart titled Cumulative Chemical Composition of Espresso with Increasing Extraction Time , which simultaneously tracks the concentrations of multiple compounds as a function of extraction time , side by side with a key that explains their role
Compound : Aroma 2,4 - decadienal : RANCID ethylgujacol : SMOKE 2-ethyl-3,5-dimethylpyrazine : CHOCOLATE 2-ethyl-3,6-dimethylpyrazine : CHOCOLATE 2,4 - nonadienal : RANCID methylsalicilate : CINNAMON b-damascenone : TEA DMTS : SULFUR isovaleraldehyde : SWEET a-ionone : FLOWERS linalool : FLOWERS
But what I learned the most from was the discussion of the crema .
When I make espresso at home , I 'm deeply disappointed if I can't achieve a wonderfully oily golden foam that I know , from experience , will correspond to a delicious cup .
Referring to this image , Illy explains -
the dense , reddish - brown foam that tops an espresso , is shown in an enlarged cross section .
Composed mainly of tiny carbon dioxide and water vapor bubbles ( large circles ) surrounded by surfactant films , the crema also includes emulsified oils containing key aromatic compounds ( particles with red borders ) and dark fragments of the coffee bean cell structure .
and goes on to explain why the color , bubble size and thickness of the crema are all indicators from which one can discern the quality of the coffee .
The complete article is an absolute joy , and , although I brew his coffee and use one of his machines , I am most thankful to Ernesto Illy for revealing the science behind my favorite daily drug .
The main draw of Apple 's iPhone is its touchscreen interface , which can respond to two points of contact .
What if you could have a touchscreen with an infinite number of points of contact ?
What would that do for computing as we know it ?
How would that change life as we know it ?
These are but a few questions raised by the ongoing research of Jeff Han , whose work at NYU might not only make him YouTube rich , but might put him in the same category as the Edisons and Farnsworths of the world .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Han has already sold a screen to one of the branches of the military .
Companies are already developing rival technologies to prevent Han from cornering the market .
And to top it all off , a video of Han feeling up his screen for the cheering mob .
Microsoft TouchLight : Touch Screen Technology with a Twist
This is really one of those stories where seeing is believing , so be sure check out the fruits of …
Read more
Ca n't Touch This [ Fast Company ]
Know your country flag !
Monday , November 27 , 2006
We have more than 200 different flags on our planet , but new ones come all the time .
It is hard to precisely confirm when was one ordinary piece of cloth , attached to a wooden pole , got shape that we know of today – shape of flag .
But we do know that it was always used as loyalty to certain divinity , leader or country .
For that intention , even the ancient Egyptians and Assyrians attached to their spears stiff flags with symbols of their Gods .
Members of The Twelve Tribes of Israel used symbols of a lion , star or a ship , while on flags of ancient Greeks , there were figures of animals or letters .
Historians do , however , agree that of all ancient people , ancient Rome used its banners at most and mostly as confirmation of its sovereignity .
Therefore they believe that Roman Empire Vexilum is precursor of today ’s flags , even though it was attached to a laid down holder .
Particularly , flags attached laterally to a pole , first showed up in China , and brought to the west by Arabs .
Although we have more than 200 different national flags today , there are a lot of similarities between them , thanks to heraldry , whose basic rules for making of flags and crests have n’t changed since XI century , when it was common that every soldier wears symbols of its nobleman .
When kings could n’t remember all those symbols , heraldic would explain to them during great battles , who is who and for who does he fought .
One of the basic rules of heraldry for making of a flag is : alternatively placement of light and dark colors , that have to be clear and recognizable in a great distance .
Results of a study from 1999 shows that bloody red color , that in heraldry symbolizes prudence in battle , dominates among national symbols in the world .
It is present on 74 % of flags , than comes white color – color of peace and chastity ( 71 % ) and azure color – symbol of loyalty and truth ( 50 % ) .
Meaning of colors in heraldry
- Gold or Yellow - generosity
- Silver or White - peace and chastity
- Black - stability , rarely sorrow
- Azure - loyalty , truth
- Red - courage and generosity
- Green - hope , joy , sometimes loyalty
- Purple - emperor 's dignity , independence and righteousness
- Bloody Red - prudence in battle
Dark an light colors
According to that heraldry rule , color must not touch another color , or metallic with metallic .
So we place alternatively light color , metallic color ( gold and silver , symbolized by yellow and white ) and dark color like black , red , blue or green .
Appliance of that rule can be seen on flags of Belgium , Greece , Netherlands and France .
Belgium
Netherlands
France
Greece
Only exception from this rule is allowed for a flag of Vatican , where we have direct contact of two metallic colors – white and yellow .
Vatican
Among newer flags , flag of South Africa stands out .
It was adopted in 1994 and in compliance with rules of heraldry , it tells the whole history of this country : red , white and blue are “ borrowed ” from Netherlands flag .
South Africa
Independent Etiopia
Green , yellow and red , Ethiopian flag ,
Ethiopia
created in the end of XIX century , was a role model for many flags in Africa - Ghana , Congo , Senegal , Togo , Burkina Faso , Benin , Cameroon , Mali , Guinea Bissau .
Senegal
Guinea Bissau
Mali
Cameroon
Ghana
Benin
Congo
Togo
Because that country in Eastern Africa was the only one that kept its independence during colonialism , except during the short occupation by Italy from 1936 - 1941 .
Stars arise
Stars and stripes , like on a USA flag ,
USA
are on many national flags of countries of Central America and South America - Cuba , Panama , Chile , Puerto Rico .
Chile
Panama
Puerto Rico
USA stars and stripes were borrowed by Liberia , because it was founded by former American slaves .
Liberia
Circle as a Sun
For a circle in the centre of a flag , several Asian countries decided to put it on .
But for those countries it has different meaning .
Hinomaru or red circle on a white base of Japan 's flag represents Sun disc .
Japan
White circle on a flag of Laos symbolizes Full Moon .
Laos
Blue and red circle , surrounded by black symbols , on a flag of South Korea represents balance between four basic elements : sky , earth , water and fire .
South Korea
North likes cross
Cross is one of the oldest symbols on a flag and it is found on a banner of Denmark , Finland and Sweden .
Sweden
Finland
Danish flag " daneborg " is one of the world 's oldest , it was created during the Crusades .
Denmark
By Miki posted by Miki @ 01:10 0 Comments : << Home
Can I still use VMware Workstation Player for free ?
VMware Workstation
Player is free for personal , non-commercial use ( business and nonprofit use is considered commercial use ) .
If you would like to learn about virtual machines or use them at home , you are welcome to use VMware Workstation Player for free .
Students and faculty of accredited educational institutions can use VMware Workstation Player for free if they are members of the VMware Academic Program .
This is my current favorite noodle soup recipe .
Last month on my trip to Puglia , Italy I encountered various dishes that combined the following ingredients : pasta , garbanzo beans , local olive oil , and broth .
Some appeared to be braised and served in just a few splashes of concentrated broth , others were bonafide ladle - worthy soups .
There was one that really stuck out .
Imagine garbanzo beans bobbing about in a rich chicken broth with thick ribbons of pasta noodles weaving in between them , droplets of olive oil suspended on the surface of the broth , and the whole thing punctuated with crisped fresh pasta that had been fried in olive oil .
Someone said to me , " this is like an Italian version of tortilla soup . "
Indeed .
I believe it was Waldy Malouf who made it as part of one of our amazing lunches at the Oldways Conference .
For the vegetarian readers who are wondering why I 'm writing about chicken soup , or the new readers who might not be aware - I 'm vegetarian .
That being said , very rarely - in a situation like this where I am really trying to understand aspects of a regionally - specific , traditional cuisine , I 'll taste a certain dish to educate my palette .
Hope that makes some sort of sense .
You wo n't find me eating beef cheeks , but when I encounter something like this ( something that is n't inherently meat - centric - like say , steak tartare ) I want to understand all the dynamics at play because it can inspire new creations using the palette of ingredients I gravitate to when cooking in my own kitchen ( vegetarian , lots of whole ingredients , etc ) .
For perspective , I 'll also mention this has happened two , maybe three times in recent years .
So , here 's my version of the soup I enjoyed so much in Puglia , I look forward to slurping it up on cold nights in my own kitchen all winter .
For those of you interested in reading about the food of Puglia in more detail there is a nice feature by Dan Hofstadter in Gourmet this month ( January 2007 ) .
One of the most enlightening and happiest moments I 've had recently was when someone told me that the day after we ended up in bed together .
I 've heard many examples of what a girl finds a turn on or a turn off but this had to be the most hoopy .
I wo n't ( can't ) go into the details of how we arrived at this situation but I 'm there in the bathroom with her and for some reason I 've go onto the subject of Schrodingers Cat and wave functions .
My whole understanding of this subject is pretty limited , so I get reduced down to jumping around the bathroom whilst she sits on the edge of the bath with a glass in her hand and a towel wrapped round her , alternatively opening and closing her eyes .
My whole point being that until she observed me she did n't know what position / state in the room I was .
I 'm about half - way between this and mixing it in with some photon stuff about two observers passing messages about the state of a particle and this being like a Quantum Teleportation when I find myself getting dragged through to the bedroom with a tongue down my throat .
I thought it was the drink , I 'm sure it was n't the image of me jumping round the bathroom like a nutter .
Endearing maybe , a turn on surely not .
It was n't until the next day that she told me that someone explaining things to her that she previously did n't know about was a major turn on .
The node title is exactly what she said .
But she also said she does n't like know - it - alls .
Being a geek who 's prone to going off on such technical rants in an effort to explain things , I think I might just have stumbled on the one person who could turn this into a sex life .
I dunno , I 'm hesitant to go off onto explaining Raid architectures and why Raid 5 sucks compared to a decent 1+3 but maybe I 'd be better sticking to what I do n't really know that much about .
It 's probably more entertaining all round .
Note for all those who might wish to know .
I 'm now happily married to this lady .
Still explaining things to her I have little clue of .
There are up to 4.2 m CCTV cameras in Britain
Richard Thomas , who said he raised concerns two years ago , spoke after research found people 's actions were increasingly being monitored .
Researchers highlight " dataveillance " , the use of credit card , mobile phone and loyalty card information , and CCTV .
Monitoring of work rates , travel and telecommunications is also rising .
Surveillance society - full report
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
There are up to 4.2 m CCTV cameras in Britain - about one for every 14 people .
But surveillance ranges from US security agencies monitoring telecommunications traffic passing through Britain , to key stroke information used to gauge work rates and GPS information tracking company vehicles , the Report on the Surveillance Society says .
It predicts that by 2016 shoppers could be scanned as they enter stores , schools could bring in cards allowing parents to monitor what their children eat , and jobs may be refused to applicants who are seen as a health risk .
Produced by a group of academics called the Surveillance Studies Network , the report was presented to the 28th International Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners ' Conference in London , hosted by the Information Commissioner 's Office .
The office is an independent body established to promote access to official data and to protect personal details .
HOW WE CAN BE WATCHED 4.2 m CCTV cameras 300 CCTV appearances a day Reg plate recognition cameras Shop RFID tags Mobile phone triangulation Store loyalty cards Credit card transactions London Oyster cards Satellites Electoral roll NHS patient records Personal video recorders Phone - tapping Hidden cameras / bugs Worker call monitoring Worker clocking - in Mobile phone cameras Internet cookies Keystroke programmes
How we are being watched
The report 's co-writer Dr David Murakami -Wood told BBC News that , compared to other industrialised Western states , the UK was " the most surveilled country " .
" We have more CCTV cameras and we have looser laws on privacy and data protection , " he said .
" We really do have a society which is premised both on state secrecy and the state not giving up its supposed right to keep information under control while , at the same time , wanting to know as much as it can about us . "
The report coincides with the publication by the human rights group Privacy International of figures that suggest Britain is the worst Western democracy at protecting individual privacy .
The two worst countries in the 36 - nation survey are Malaysia and China , and Britain is one of the bottom five with " endemic surveillance " .
Mr Thomas called for a debate about the risks if information gathered is wrong or falls into the wrong hands .
HAVE YOUR SAY
If it prevents criminal behaviour or improves its detection I 'm all for it .
Mark Jones , Plymouth
Send us your comments
" We 've got to say where do we want the lines to be drawn ?
How much do we want to have surveillance changing the nature of society in a democratic nation ? " he told the BBC .
" We 're not luddites , we 're not technophobes , but we are saying not least do n't forget the fundamental importance of data protection , which I 'm responsible for .
" Sometimes it gets dismissed as something which is rather bureaucratic , it stops you sorting out your granny 's electricity bills .
People grumble about data protection , but boy is it important in this new age .
" When data protection puts those fundamental safeguards in place , we must make sure that some of these lines are not crossed . "
' Balance needed '
The Department for Constitutional Affairs ( DCA ) said there needed to be a balance between sharing information responsibly and respecting the citizen 's rights .
A spokesman said : " Massive social and technological advances have occurred in the last few decades and will continue in the years to come .
" We must rise to the challenges and seize the opportunities it provides for individual citizens and society as a whole . "
Graham Gerrard from the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) said there were safeguards against the abuse of surveillance by officers .
" The police use of surveillance is probably the most regulated of any group in society , " he told the BBC .
" Richard Thomas was particularly concerned about unseen , uncontrolled or excessive surveillance .
Well , any of the police surveillance that is unseen is in fact controlled and has to be proportionate otherwise it would never get authorised . "
Example : Earthquake data via the USGS website
Recently we had a bunch of small earthquakes in the Oakland , CA area .
I thought it would be fun to use Allegro Common Lisp to retrieve and display information about recent earthquakes .
I found that the USGS website has hourly , daily and weekly quake data available here :
Possible formats of interest to me : XML ( RSS ) and CSV .
I decided to use the CSV format , comma separated files , since XML seemed like overkill .
What I wanted to do was to find recent earthquakes near where I lived .
However , the data from USGS is of the form :
Src , Eqid , Version , Datetime , Lat , Lon , Magnitude , Depth , NST ak,00074326,5 , " January 09 , 2007 23:59:55 GMT " ,64.1478,-150.1976,1.8,1.00,07
filter out the coordinates I did n't want , and convert latitude / longitude coordinates into city names .
Time , location ( latitude and longitude in decimal degrees ) and magnitude , among other bits of data .
The data is nice , but I needed two things to make it useful :
An implication of ( 1 ) is that I needed an easy way to convert a place name to coordinates , because if I want the facility to work for more than just my location , others will need an easy way to look up their own location .
Fortunately , Google Maps provides this information .
Their API requires that you supply a key assigned to you .
( You can obtain a key from Google here . )
NOTE : see the installation instructions below for where to put the key .
That makes it fairly easy to write a function place - to - location :
cl-user ( 8 ) : ( place - to - location " Berkeley , CA " ) #< location 37.871666,-122.27167 > cl-user ( 9 ) : ( location - to - place ( place - to - location " Berkeley , CA " ) ) " Berkeley , California " cl-user ( 10 ) : ( location - to - place ( place - to - location " 2629 College Ave , Berkeley , CA " ) ) " Berkeley , California " cl-user ( 11 ) : ( place - to - location " 2629 College Ave , Berkeley , CA " ) #<location 37.86319 ,-122.25365 > cl-user ( 12 ) :
To help me get a feel for how to filter the data I wanted to know the distance between two locations .
I used the " Great Circle Distance " Formula .
Some examples ( distances are in miles ) :
cl-user ( 17 ) : ( distance - between ( place - to - location " Boulder , CO " ) ( place - to - location " Piedmont , CA " ) ) 923.7414773838934d0 cl-user ( 18 ) : ( distance - between ( place - to - location " Lake Wylie , SC " ) ( place - to - location " Piedmont , CA " ) ) 2283.922367943316d0 cl-user ( 19 ) :
Converting location coordinates into city names turned out to be tricky .
There is no readily available web resource that will do this ( like Google Maps ) .
I did find The Zip Code Database Project which contains location coordinates for each zip code , and the data includes the names of the cities for each zip code .
It 's a fairly simple matter to find the nearest match for a set of coordinates .
Speaking of coordinates , how should they be represented in Lisp ?
At first I was using a cons of latitude and longitude .
However , using car and cdr to access the slots got old and I created a measures module to define the location object .
The measures API also contains the distance - between and location - near - p functions .
The zipcodes module provides the location - to - zip function , and the google - maps module uses this to provide location - to - place and place - to - location .
Putting it all together , we can do things like this :
cl-user ( 8 ) : ( get - quake - info : period : week : larger - than nil : within 1.0 : reference - location ( place - to- location " 555 12th St , Oakland , CA , 94607 , US " ) ) ;;
Downloading data ... done .
January 09 , 2007 22:33:42 GMT : Hollister , California : magnitude=3.1 January 09 , 2007 22:16:21 GMT : Los Altos , California : magnitude=2.0 January 09 , 2007 21:39:52 GMT : Hollister , California : magnitude =1.3 January 09 , 2007 16:56:54 GMT : Aromas , California : magnitude =1.4 January 09 , 2007 13:20:02 GMT : Cobb , California : magnitude =1.4 January 09 , 2007 11:52:11 GMT : Hayward , California : magnitude =1.2 January 09 , 2007 03:01:03 GMT : El Cerrito , California : magnitude =1.9 January 08 , 2007 11:30:55 GMT : San Jose , California : magnitude=2.0 January 07 , 2007 14:22:56 GMT : Walnut Creek , California : magnitude =1.2 January 07 , 2007 09:20:38 GMT : Kenwood , California : magnitude=3.1 January 06 , 2007 12:58:01 GMT : Yountville , California : magnitude =1.8 January 06 , 2007 07:04:01 GMT : Oakland , California : magnitude =2.4 January 05 , 2007 22:55:53 GMT : Walnut Creek , California : magnitude =1.3 January 05 , 2007 20:18:51 GMT : Livermore , California : magnitude =2.4 January 05 , 2007 17:54:17 GMT : Ladera , California : magnitude =1.1 January 05 , 2007 11:09:43 GMT : Cobb , California : magnitude = 2.4 January 05 , 2007 10:40:26 GMT : Concord , California : magnitude =1.3 January 04 , 2007 20:38:03 GMT : Los Altos , California : magnitude =1.7 January 04 , 2007 20:21:41 GMT : Aromas , California : magnitude =2.6 January 04 , 2007 13:42:36 GMT : Palo Alto , California : magnitude =1.2 January 04 , 2007 03:42:10 GMT : Oakland , California : magnitude=1.9 nil cl-user( 9 ) :
The : within keyword value is in decimal degrees .
A degree of latitude is approximately 69 miles .
So 3.0 degrees is a little more than 200 miles in latitude .
I use this for longitude , as well , but a degree of longitude changes with latitude , from 69 at the equator to 0 at the north and south poles .
The : period keyword value can be : hour , : day or : week .
The : larger - than keyword is a filter on magnitude .
nil means all quakes .
2.0 means those larger than magnitude 2.0 .
Implementation details
For those that want to know more about how this example was implemented , this section is for you .
Zip codes
The zip code data , from the The Zip Code Database Project , comes in a large CSV file and has the following form :
" zip code " , " state abbreviation " , " latitude " , " longitude " , " city " , " state " " 35004 " , " AL " , " 33.606379 " , " - 86.50249 " , " Moody " , " Alabama " ...
There are 33,178 entries in the file .
The first questions that come to mind are :
How to efficiently represent the data in the fasl file ( because I do n't want to be dependent at fasl load time on the CSV file ) ?
How to efficiently represent the data in memory ?
For representation in the fasl file , I first did the obvious and straightforward simple vector of zip structs written out to the fasl file .
It turns out that because the compiler must do circularity detection and using make - load - form is fairly expensive , having the compiler write out a simple vector of 33000 + struct objects is a very slow process , one that creates a lot of garbage and uses lots of memory .
So , to avoid the make - load - form on the structure objects , I decided to spread the slots of all the zip code structures across a bunch of vectors -- strings and numbers should easily be handled by the compiler in an efficient manner .
In other words , the zip code data in the fasl file would consist of one vector per structure slot , each element of the vector being the slot value from one zip code structure instance .
And , this would all be created at compile time .
Like this :
( defvar * zipcode - data * #.( let ( ( zips ( prog2 ( progn ( format t " reading zips.cvs ... " ) ( force - output ) ) ( read- zips- csv ( merge- pathnames " zips.csv " * compile - file - pathname * ) ) ( format t " done ~ % " ) ) ) ) ( list ' list ( vector - of zips #' zip - code ) ( vector - of zips #' zip - state - abbrev ) ( vector - of zips ( lambda ( zip ) ( let ( ( loc ( zip - location zip ) ) ) ( cons ( location - latitude loc ) ( location - longitude loc ) ) ) ) ) ( vector - of zips #' zip - city ) ( vector - of zips #' zip - state ) ) ) )
For those not familiar with #. , it is used to evaluate Lisp code at `read ' time .
In this case , since the expression above is being read by the compiler , the code in the #.( let ... ) is being evaluated at compiler read time .
The result of reading that form is a list , like this :
( list #<... vector of zip codes ...> ... #<...vector of states ...>)
That list is then compiled into the fasl file as the value of the * zipcode - data * special variable .
When the fasl file is loaded into Lisp , * zipcode - data * will be a list of simple vectors .
* zipcode - data * is then used to construct the data structure we actually want to use , which leads us to ...
How to efficiently represent the data in memory ?
I know , because of the nature of the types of searches of the data I will do , that sequential searches on the data will be necessary .
To me , that means simple vector .
( If , for example , only a single zip to location mapping was needed , then a more appropriate data structure would have been a hash table . )
So , at load time , we reassemble the list of simple vectors into our single simple vector of zip structs :
( defvar * zipcodes * ( destructuring - bind ( codes abbrevs locations cities states ) * zipcode - data * ( do* ( ( max ( length codes ) ) ( zips ( make - array max ) ) ( i 0 ( 1+ i ) ) ) ( (= i max ) zips ) ( setf ( svref zips i ) ( make - zip : code ( svref codes i ) : state - abbrev ( svref abbrevs i ) : location ( let ( ( loc ( svref locations i ) ) ) ( make - location : latitude ( car loc ) : longitude ( cdr loc ) ) ) : city ( svref cities i ) : state ( svref states i ) ) ) ) ) )
For those that have not used destructuring - bind , it merely takes a list and destructures it , or breaks it down into component parts .
In this case , I 'm taking a flat list and assigning each element to a variable .
The first being codes and the fifth being states , corresponding to the first and fifth elements of the list held by * zipcode - data * .
Next , we nil out * zipcode - data * so the list of simple vectors can be garbage collected , since we no longer need them .
( setq * zipcode - data * nil )
This same technique can be used on other structure types .
Nothing in the solution is specific to the `zip ' struct object .
Installation
You can download the sources from usgs.tar.gz or usgs.zip .
Unpack the .tgz file .
You will now have a usgs / directory where you unpacked .
Into this directory create a file called " google-maps - key.cl " which contains your Google Maps API key , like this :
( setq util.google.maps :* default - key * " ... key obtained from google ... " )
Whereis the key you received from Google .
The formatting of this file is important : the key must be a string and bound to the variable
Then , you are ready to start up Allegro CL in the directory where you unpacked the source files , type
:ld load.cl
cl-user ( 3 ) : :ld load.cl ; Loading /home / layer / src/usgs/load.cl ; Fast loading / backup / acl/ acl80/code/asdf.001 ; ; ;
Installing asdf patch , version 1 ; loading system definition from / home / layer / src/usgs/usgs.asd into ; #< The asdf0 package > ; Loading /home / layer / src/usgs/usgs.asd ; registering #< system usgs @ # x71d13832 > as usgs ; loading system definition from ../google/google.asd into #< The asdf0 package > ; Loading /home / layer / src/google/google.asd ; registering #< system google @ # x71d1e01a > as google ; loading system definition from ../ zipcodes/zipcodes.asd into ; #< The asdf0 package > ; Loading /home / layer/src/zipcodes/zipcodes.asd ; registering #< system zipcodes @ # x71d26a92 > as zipcodes ; loading system definition from ../ measures/measures.asd into ; #< The asdf0 package > ; Loading /home / layer/src/measures/measures.asd ; registering #< system measures @ # x71d2f99a > as measures ;;;
Compiling file / home / layer / src/measures / measures.cl ; ; ;
Writing fasl file / home / layer / src/measures / measures.fasl ; ; ;
Fasl write complete ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/measures/measures.fasl ; ; ; Compiling file / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-package.cl ; ; ;
Writing fasl file / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-package.fasl ; ; ;
Fasl write complete ;;; Compiling file / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-util.cl ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-package.fasl ; ; ;
Writing fasl file / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-util.fasl ; ; ;
Fasl write complete ;;; Compiling file / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-api.cl ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-package.fasl ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-util.fasl reading zips.cvs...done ;;;
Writing fasl file / home / layer / src/zipcodes /zip-api.fasl 9094928 bytes have been tenured , next gc will be global .
See the documentation for variable * global - gc - behavior * for more information . ;;;
Fasl write complete ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-package.fasl ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-util.fasl ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/zipcodes/zip-api.fasl ; ; ; Compiling file / home / layer / src/google/google-maps.cl ; Fast loading / backup / acl/ acl80/code/aserve.004 ; ; ;
Installing aserve patch , version 4 ; Fast loading from bundle code / acldns.fasl . ;;;
Installing acldns patch , version 1 ; ; ; Writing fasl file / home / layer / src/google/google-maps.fasl ; ; ;
Fasl write complete ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/google/google-maps.fasl ; ; ; Compiling file / home / layer / src/usgs/usgs.cl ; Fast loading / backup / acl/ acl80/code/regexp2.001 ; ; ;
Installing regexp2 patch , version 1 ; Fast loading / backup / acl/ acl80/code/yacc.001 ; ; ;
Installing yacc patch , version 1 ; Fast loading / backup/ acl/ acl80/code/update.fasl ; ; ;
Installing update patch , version 6 ; Fast loading / backup / acl/ acl80/code/crc.fasl ; Fast loading / backup/ acl/acl80/code/inflate.fasl ;
Fast loading from bundle code / iodefs .
fasl . ; Fast loading from bundle code / iordefs .
fasl . ; Fast loading / backup / acl/ acl80/code/efmacs.002 ; ; ;
Installing efmacs patch , version 1 ; ; ; Writing fasl file / home / layer / src/usgs/usgs.fasl ; ; ;
Fasl write complete ; Fast loading / home / layer / src/usgs/usgs.fasl ; Loading /home / layer / src/usgs/google-maps-key.cl ;;
Try this : ( get - quake - info : period : week : larger - than nil : within 1.0 : reference - location ( place - to - location " 555 12th St , Oakland , CA , 94607 , US " ) ) cl-user ( 4 ) :
That should print something like this :
Now , you can evaluate the form printed just before the prompt to see if it works for you .
Make sure you are in the cl-user package when you do evaluate the above form .
NOTE : the IDE starts up in the cg-user package .
BEIRUT , Lebanon , Dec. 1 — The official goal was to overthrow the government , but the atmosphere was bizarrely festive today as hundreds of thousands of Hezbollah supporters poured into the center of Beirut , banging drums , chanting slogans , pressing shoulder to shoulder as they surged past army troops seeking to keep order .
Families with little children , old people and young people all heeded the call of Hezbollah , the Shiite Muslim party and militia , packing buses and cars all over the country .
By nighttime , however , only several thousand demonstrators remained , smoking water pipes , playing music and vowing to stay , some in tents , until the Western - backed government falls .
“ We are having fun , yes , ” said Hussein Hanoum , 27 , of Hermel in the Bekaa Valley of eastern Lebanon , as he lay across a sidewalk in the midst of a huge crowd .
“ We have no work .
We have nothing else to do , so we came to overthrow the government . ”
The mood was light - hearted , but the impressive turnout underscored the challenge this politically divided and fragile country faces as it confronts its most dangerous political crisis since the end of a 15 - year civil war in 1990 .
The government was holed up in the Grand Serail , an Ottoman - era building on a hill overlooking the demonstrations .
The prime minister , Fouad Siniora , said that the people could stay in the streets as long as they like , but neither he nor the other ministers would resign .
As anyone who knows me can attest , I am a sucker for books .
I ’ve had my nose perpetually stuck in a book for as long as I can remember ( although nowadays I also do a lot of reading on electronic devices ) , and my house is stuffed full of books .
I ’m rarely tempted to spend serious money on clothes or jewelry , but I ’m perpetually tempted whenever I step into a bookstore , and it takes great discipline not to buy every book I see .
Thus it gives me great joy to think about a locale where my bibliomania would not seem out of place : the Welsh town of Hay - on - Wye , home to 1500 inhabitants and millions of books .
Castle Rocked
Hay - on - Wye , also known by its Welsh name Y Gelli ( “ The Grove ” ) , lies on the border between Wales and England , and is about halfway between the English cities of Bristol and Birmingham .
Its English name is derived from the Norman word for an enclosed field ( “ hay ” or “ haie ” ) and from its setting on the banks of the River Wye .
Earlier on in its thousand - year history , the town was the scene of immense political upheaval owing to its strategic location between Wales and England .
The history of the castle at its center illustrates how tumultuous those times were .
Built in 1200 CE by the local ruler , William de Breos II , Hay Castle replaced an older , smaller castle .
After displeasing King John of England , William was forced to flee to France in 1211 , and his wife and son were imprisoned .
In 1231 , the castle was burned by a Welsh prince , but was rebuilt by Henry III around 1233 and returned to the control of the Breos family .
The Earl of Leicester , Simon de Montfort , attacked the castle in 1265 in response to local opposition to the king .
In 1322 , the English king Edward II again captured the castle from its rulers at the time .
And during the Welsh rebellion of the late 14th century , led by nationalist leader Owain Glyndŵr , the castle was nearly destroyed by fire .
The castle had various owners over the following centuries , including the local church , which used it as a vicar ’s residence during the Victorian era .
In 1971 , a resident of Hay - on - Wye , Richard Booth , purchased the property and created a bookstore within its walls .
Buy the Book
Creating a bookstore was nothing new to Richard Booth , who first began selling books in Hay - on - Wye in 1961 .
Convinced that the presence of many bookstores in the town would draw in tourists and gain attention for Hay , he converted an old cinema into the Cinema Bookshop , and encouraged other businesspeople to open stores as well .
He eventually sold the Cinema Bookshop , and opened Richard Booth ’s Bookshop in the old town firehouse , which has become a local institution since then , although Booth sold this store in 2005 and opened yet another bookstore .
With the example set by Richard Booth , many other secondhand and antiquarian booksellers made their home base in Hay - on - Wye , and by the end of the 1970s , the town became the world ’s first “ book town ” with an estimated one million books in stock .
The book town concept has since spread to many other countries , and although the number of bookstores in Hay - on - Wye has recently declined slightly , there are still a mind - boggling number of stores for such a small town .
According to the town ’s official website , there are now 19 bookstores ( some of which encompass multiple bookselling businesses ) serving a population of 1500 , which is an incredible ratio of residents to book shops .
But because Richard Booth ’s vision of the town as an international center of bookselling has been realized , locals now share these stores with the approximately 500,000 visitors it receives each year .
Writers Bloc
The highest concentration of visitors descends on the town during the last few weeks of May for an event that has become world renowned : The Hay Festival .
Launched in 1988 by Peter Florence and now attracting thousands of attendees annually ( 273,000 tickets were sold in 2018 ) , this literary festival has drawn famous writers such as Margaret Atwood , Kazuo Ishiguro , Julian Barnes , John Updike , and Don DeLillo , among many others , to give readings and conduct book signings for the assembled crowd .
The festival has become so popular that it has spawned sister festivals around the world , and has inspired HowTheLightGetsIn , a music and philosophy festival that runs concurrently with a portion of the Hay Festival .
It ’s not surprising that a town full of books has become the setting for a major literary festival ; it holds out the promise of a physical location for something that usually only exists in the mind : a community of those who love the written word .
I count myself in that number , and hope some day to have that same experience , whether in a small Welsh town or in another place where readers and writers gather to celebrate the joy of books .
Note :
This is an updated version of an article that originally appeared on Interesting Thing of the Day on November 11 , 2006 .
WHY should anyone care about the Kazaks ?
Or should that be Kazakhs ?
It is hard to get excited about a country that can't decide even how to spell its own name .
So please greet Borat , the latest fictional creation of a British comic impersonator , Sacha Baron Cohen .
Borat is the lecherous , clownish envoy of a culture steeped in racism , sexism , poverty and brutality .
The film of his visit to America is extremely funny .
So hearty applause all round .
And tell those Kazzies not to be so prickly .
That , broadly , is the Western reaction to Kazak protests about Borat .
The film may be a ludicrous and offensive caricature .
But so what ?
Nobody 's heard of you anyway .
So stop complaining .
But it is not quite so simple .
Kazakhstan is the size of western Europe .
The country matters hugely for the energy security of the continent .
It is doing rather well economically , rather less well politically ( though nowhere near as badly as dictatorial Uzbekistan and lunatic Turkmenistan ) .
Given Kazakhstan 's importance , Western ignorance of it is striking .
Ten years ago your correspondent was talking to an academic , now a high - ranking official in the Bush administration , who was under the confident but mistaken impression that Kazakhstan was not a Muslim country , because , as its name indicated , it was “ where the Cossacks lived ” .
Not much has changed .
It is a fair bet that Mr Baron Cohen would not have chosen as Borat 's homeland a country that featured more prominently in the Western worldview — such as Turkey , for example .
Most people would know that Turks did not hunt Gypsies or drink fermented horse urine , some of the pastimes which Mr Baron Cohen attributes to Kazakhstan .
Countries such as Turkey are , moreover , good at defending themselves vehemently when criticised .
Reuters
A very rough guide to Kazakhstan
Foreign satire used to be so much better .
The superb “ USSR : From an Original Idea by Karl Marx ” , by Marc Polonsky and Russell Taylor , was a cult classic of the cold war ; so was Malcolm Bradbury 's spoof guidebook , “ Why Come to Slaka ? ” .
It seems a bit odd that the best creative minds of the West are still flogging the tired old gag that the ex-captive nations are amusingly obscure and backward .
The slick , self - satisfied Anglo - American creative elite is so devastatingly witty at other people 's expense , but ultra- prickly when it comes to its own dignity .
It would be nice to have some comedy dealing with real themes from the post - communist world : Could not a latter - day Charlie Chaplin satirise the pomposity and vulgarity of Putin 's Kremlin ?
There is plenty for thriller - writers to chew on , too : the combination of cynicism , sleaze and geopolitical arm - wrestling across the ex-communist world cries out for a return there by Le Carré .
Kazakhstan is an easy target for lazy wit .
There is no powerful Kazak diaspora to threaten a boycott .
Official Kazak efforts to defend the country have been ludicrously counterproductive : the dodgy deletion of borat.kz ; an expensive special advertising supplement in the New York Times ; part - plaintive , part - pompous letters from ambassadors ; empty threats of legal action ( to which Mr Baron Cohen has responded by issuing a statement from Borat praising the Kazak decision to “ sue the Jew Cohen ” ) .
The only constructive response is to say that all publicity is good publicity .
Millions of filmgoers around the world will now have a rough idea that Kazakhstan exists , and they will probably reckon that it cannot really be as benighted as Borat makes out .
The Kazak government — remembering that the real victim of Mr Baron Cohen 's parody is not their country , but America — should have the nerve to make Borat the centrepiece of the next national branding campaign , under the slogan “ Kazakhstan : less funny than the film — but a lot more fun . ”
The Benefits of Becoming a Local To Work Abroad Successfully , Put Down Roots By Tim Leffel
You can settle in a house in South Korea , country or city , before seeking work .
When most people start thinking about working abroad , they generally fall into one of two camps .
Those in the first camp plan on securing a solid job before they go .
These people intend to spend anywhere from a summer to several years in a foreign place , with a relatively set idea of how they will spend their workdays .
The other camp is made up of floaters , those trying to pick up travel funds that will allow the journey to continue .
If it were possible , these people would love nothing better than to work a month here and a few weeks there , seeing the world and staying on the move — bartending , fruit picking , or whatever else , as long as they can work under the table and not have to stick around very long .
Unfortunately , both options come with plenty of hurdles .
Trying to set up everything in advance requires , for the employer , a major leap of faith .
The person doing the hiring would much rather hire someone they know .
In much of the world , in fact , a business owner would really prefer to hire a relative or friend who needs the money .
Family comes before an unknown person from the other side of the world .
The exception to this is cases where only a foreigner can do the job ( such as a certified English as a second language teacher ) , or where a foreigner is better for business ( such as “ animation director ” at a resort hotel ) .
When demand for these positions outweighs supply , as it does for English teachers in much of Asia , it is not uncommon to be able to set up a job before leaving home .
In most other cases , looking after arrival will be much more productive .
The hurdle for the floaters is the question , “ Why you ? ”
Why should a restaurant owner hire a foreigner who is going to leave a month later , when people with more permanence are available ?
Rick Goossen , assistant professor of entrepreneurship and law at Trinity Western University in British Columbia , spent many years working in Hong Kong .
“ University students in my class will make comments like , ‘ I want to find out how to work overseas .
I ’d love to go to London for two months and then Paris for two months and then maybe Milan . ’
Yeah , would n’t we all love to get paid to do that !
But it ’s not going to happen . ”
Put down roots somewhere , however , and it ’s a different story .
Why It Pays to Be a Local When my wife and I worked as English teachers in South Korea , we initially arrived thinking we had jobs , but they fell through when it turned out that the recruiter had botched our arrival date .
After one false start , we ended up meeting with the head recruiter of a chain of schools for children and signed a 1 - year contract to teach at a school in a suburb of Seoul , starting immediately .
After being there a while , opportunities started to fall in our laps .
Strangers would literally stop us on the street and ask about private lessons .
Acquaintances would give us their private lesson clients when they left to go home .
My wife even got a one - off job for Samsung transcribing a recording of a long meeting that had been held in English .
After a while , we were making so much money on the side that we wired home our entire regular paycheck each month .
Adam Berg left New York City and arrived in the southern Kyushu province of Japan to stay a while with his fiancé , who was teaching English .
He soon fell into a job teaching English to executives at nearby companies , including Honda .
Being a kind of local celebrity — the tall , English - speaking foreigner — the agency he worked through kept pulling him into other jobs .
“ I appeared in some odd promotional video for a doctor and was also hired to do a 2 - word English voiceover in a radio commercial , ” he says .
It is not just English teachers who have this kind of luck , however .
Nearly any expatriate who has spent time in one place for a while usually manages to land at least one job .
Goosen advises people to research and find the right destination , make sure work visas are an option , fly there , and get settled .
“ When I first went to Hong Kong I had no prospects and , at that time , a law degree but no bar qualification .
I went knocking on doors for 30 days and eventually got a job with the largest law firm in the city .
It never would have happened if I had not taken the initiative and made a commitment to staying for the long haul . ”
Finding Opportunities , in Time Sometimes “ over time ” means a few weeks or a few months .
When I went on a whitewater rafting trip in Arequipa , Peru , my guide was an American named John Mount .
“ I had been teaching English here for two months , ” he explains , “ then one day I walked past this tour company that did rafting trips .
I had been a rafting guide in Colorado , so on a lark , I walked in and asked if they needed any guides .
‘ You speak English and you live here ? ’ they asked , surprised .
A few days later I was on the river . ”
Ron Ferguson , a Canadian now living in Scotland , moved to a Greek island just to party and see what would happen .
He ended up opening a bar with a local partner .
( “ It was cheaper than paying for my drinks all the time , ” he decided . )
A friend who owned a hotel noticed that he was good at graphic design and asked him to make menus .
Word spread and he eventually could n’t keep up with demand from other restaurant owners .
Then one year his landlord asked him if he could do some building work .
“ He offered me my apartment rent - free in exchange for building a garage over the winter .
Then he kept giving me other projects , including some work on computer - designed building plans .
All in all I lived for three years rent - free . ”
After selling his share of the bar and moving to Scotland , Ferguson fell into another job there designing and selling decks and has been doing it ever since .
The Power of Networking
When you spend time in one place , you get a chance to form bonds and meet people who can help you .
Anyone who has lived in a foreign place for some time will tell you the expatriate population becomes an intimate community and an interweaving of characters worthy of any soap opera .
When you plug in , you are instantly connected to a large network of people who are constantly in social contact .
Rebecca Grossberg of New Jersey moved to France in 1997 to house sit for a woman her grandfather knew , and she is still there .
While house sitting , Grossberg found an au pairing job and some work in a hotel run by a fellow American .
“ Then I decided to move to Paris .
Through a friend of a friend of a friend , I found contact details of companies interested in Americans . ”
After making lots of calls , she ended up with a job offer from one of the largest advertising agencies in France , working on a huge multi-national campaign .
After some time going back to school in France , she is now working for a program funded by the European Commission .
“ None of the jobs , even the one I have now that I ’m married and have legitimate working papers , I could have found if I had n’t been here first , ” she says .
Advice for Finding a Job Abroad
If you are planning on moving abroad for an extended period to work , the following tips can make it easier :
Go where the jobs are .
This seems obvious , but it is surprising how many travelers ignore this advice .
For the most part , you will have better luck in big cities , business centers , and places where a lot of transactions are done in English .
This can include resort areas , but only if thousands of foreigners are coming through at all times : an idyllic little island with two hotels is going to be much tougher .
Take enough money to get started .
Some people arrive somewhere with $ 50 in their pocket and manage to make it work , but this is stressful and risky .
Plan on arriving with at least two month ’s local living expenses to get established and rent a place to live .
In cheap countries , $ 1,000 could be plenty , but in Tokyo or London , plan on five or six times that amount unless you have an open invitation to stay with a friend .
Get to know people .
Arriving in a new country , the worst thing to do is be a wallflower .
Get out , meet people , and be open about your skills and the type of work you are looking for .
Make yourself top of mind with the people who can help you and do n’t be afraid to ask stupid questions .
Do n’t be picky and assume your first job will be your last .
The longer you are in a place , the more opportunities you will have and the choosier you can be .
Make a good impression , make good contacts , and earn people ’s trust .
Then things will fall into place .
Tim Leffel is author of several books , including A Better Life for Half the Price : How to prosper on less money in the cheapest places to live .
See more on his Cheapest Destinations Blog .
More by Tim Leffel Make Your Fantasy Job a Reality : How to Find and Create Full - Time Work Abroad Why a Virtual Job is the Best Job for Working Abroad The Seven Myths of Being a Travel Writer
C# implementation of Map with multicore support
A month or two ago , Joel Spolsky posted a piece on his blog entitled " Can Your Programming Language Do This ? "
In a nutshell , he wrote about how languages with anonymous functions can do things similar to the notions of map and reduce ( from functional programming ) which ( in the absence of side effects ) can make it easier to make things " trivially parallelizable " .
( This is the point where I stopped writing this blog entry and paused to reflect on the fact that Microsoft Word drew a red squiggly line under the word " blog " but not under the word " parallelizable " . )
Lots of people responded to the challenge in the title of Joel 's blog entry by writing an implementation of Map and / or Reduce in their favorite language .
Most of these implementations did n't actually contain any functionality for parallel execution on multiple threads or processes .
They simply demonstrated the language - level features necessary to call Map .
In other words , these implementations were primarily examples of how to do anonymous functions as arguments .
I did n't mind , because my primary machine had only one core anyway .
Then a few weeks ago I bought a Sony Vaio SZ with a Core 2 Duo processor , and suddenly I was unhappy .
A non-parallel implementation of Map does n't help me at all !
If my primary machine has two cores , I want ways to use both of them .
( BTW , I really like my new Vaio laptop .
Highly recommended . )
So I wrote a multicore library in C# using the .NET ThreadPool .
It contains several implementations of Map , customized for specific situations .
( I did not implement Reduce , mostly because I did n't see much use for it .
A parallel Reduce does n't bring as much benefit as a parallel Map . )
If you 'd like to see the code , you can download it here ( 8 KB zip ) .
The main file is multicore.cs .
It contains the Map code as well as a bunch of comments with additional information and URLs for related sources of information .
A Visual Studio 2005 project file is included , as well as a small suite of NUnit tests .
I 'm using this code to speed up some of the solid modeling operations in my woodworking app .
It seems to work pretty well .
Updates :
22 October 2006 : Oops !
Somebody pointed out that my code does bad things when the inputs list is empty .
Fixed .
26 October 2006 : Somebody pointed out that Map_AnyTrue could possibly end up referencing an object after it was disposed .
Fixed .
Enjoy !
By Syed Shoaib Hasan
BBC News , Karachi
Nawazish Ali has proved to be universally popular
Enlarge Image
Going by the name of Begum ( Lady ) Nawazish Ali , she hosts an eponymous talk show that has taken Pakistan by storm .
Flirting and skirting her way through politics , society gossip and plain old sexual chemistry , Begum has become the most popular icon to inundate Pakistani fantasy in a while .
How is this possible in Pakistan where what is acceptable behaviour from female actors is still largely determined conservative Islamic values ?
The answer lies in the identity of the Begum - who is a woman in every sense except the biological one .
" I am God 's child , " says a smiling Begum Nawazish Ali , or Ali Saleem to give him his birth name , talking to the BBC in his " normal guise " .
Clad in jeans and T - shirt , 27 - year - old Ali talked passionately about his life and work .
" As long as I can remember , I have wanted to be a woman , " he declares .
I never refuse anyone anything
Nawazish Ali
Twirling his shoulder length curly brown hair , Ali looks wistfully in the distance as he recounts how it was growing up in Pakistan for someone so unconventional .
" My father was in the army and we used to move around quite a bit , " he says .
With his parents , he accepts there were problems , leading to his examination by a psychologist when he was 14 - years - old .
The psychologist , however , allayed all fears , and " from that time on my parents were totally behind me " .
That Ali was different from other boys was quite evident from his interests .
" I loved playing with dolls and dressing up with my female cousins to whom I have always been very close , " he recounts .
In those days of innocence , he would often dream of becoming a woman .
" I wanted to be Sri Devi , Nazia Hasan , Benazir Bhutto ... all the beautiful and powerful women in my world , " explains Ali .
' Worst period '
Gifted with a great voice and a natural sense of the theatrical , he delighted in displaying his talents .
That was in the early 1990s in Islamabad .
Soon after , in 1995 , Ali shifted with his family to Karachi .
Nawazish Ali is one of Pakistan 's few openly transvestite people
This was " the worst period in my life " , he confesses , with his parents going through a divorce .
It was during these depressing days that Ali met " Yasmin , who made everything possible " .
Yasmin Ismail was one of Pakistani television 's finest actresses , who died of cancer last year .
" She was the best thing that ever happened to me , " says the screen star .
Ali explains how Ismail introduced him to theatre , groomed his natural histrionics and generally played the part of his mentor .
" She was my mother , father and best friend , " says Ali wistfully , adding " I give her 100 % credit for any success I have achieved . "
Ismail was involved in a popular theatre group called Gripps , and that was where Ali started out .
" My first performance was in a play called ' Art ya Atta ' ( Art or Bread ) in May 1998 , " Ali says .
He did an impersonation of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in the play .
" When I spoke , there was pin drop silence and then the house came down , " he exclaims .
The applause was thunderous and the show did record business .
Divorced socialite
The next six years were those of learning and growth .
During these times ,
Ali expanded his repertoire with considerable success .
The actor loves being the darling of the audience
In March 2004 , the idea for transvestite chat show hostess Begum Nawazish Ali first came up during a discussion with friends Nadeem Baig and Omar Adil , a national TV host , in Lahore .
" Omar said that he saw me as much more than the typical characters I was doing and we came up with the idea of this middle aged divorced socialite who knows everybody , " gushes out Ali .
Initially , Ali promoted it with GEO , one of the largest TV channels .
That deal failed to materialize and rival channel Aaj took up the challenge , quickly putting out a pilot .
" Nadeem was Director entertainment and he told me to bring it over , " Ali explains .
Aaj moved quickly , and a pilot was soon out .
" It was like nothing anybody had seen , " says Azfar Ali , a local television producer .
" The most amazing thing was the fact that he was able to deliver it all in a way that the masses could relate to it . "
Trivialising politics ?
No sooner had the first programme finished than the show was the talk of the town .
From politicians to movie stars to sportsmen , all have had their turn on the show .
So popular has the show become that a sitting federal minister specially requested to be invited .
That may have been unnecessary , as Ali smiles and declares saucily , " I never refuse anyone anything " .
The show is not without critics , who accuse it of trivialising politics in a country that has had more than its fill of dictators .
Ali denies this , saying " our politicians have been destroyed under a well thought campaign " , adding " I want them to be popular again " .
Furthermore , he says that the military - such a powerful influence in Pakistan - have been deliberately kept out of the show .
" I believe that democracy is the only option for us , and this is my contribution to the cause , " Ali says determinedly .
He also wants to show what kind of country Pakistan really is , in contrast to the ' Terrorism Central ' nation that it is often portrayed as .
" And I will do it , " Begum exclaims and , smiling seductively , adds " after all who can resist me ? "
Not logged in !
Error :
The page you tried to view can only be used when you are logged in .
Username : Password : Forgot or lost password ?
recover it .
SVD Recommendation System in Ruby
One day , a bunch of friends , who happened to be big Family Guy fans , decided to put together a site to rank and share their thoughts on the show .
Soon thereafter they had a Rails site up and running , and all was well , and other fans joined in hordes .
A web 2.0 success !
Then one day they realized that they could no longer track everyone ’s ratings , their user - base was too large , and so it occurred to one of the developers : “ Would n’t it be cool if we could use the collective knowledge of our whole community to recommend and rank episodes for each user individually ? ”
Sounds familiar , right ?
In fact , recommendation systems are a billion - dollar industry , and growing .
In academic jargon this problem is known as Collaborative Filtering , and a lot of ink has been spilled on the matter .
Netflix , for one , announced a 1 million dollar competition last year for a system that beats their algorithm by +10 % percent .
It goes without saying that a lot of different systems have been proposed and explored in theory and practice .
However , one of the most successful and widely used approaches to this day also happens to be one of the simplest : Singular Value Decomposition ( SVD ) , also affectionately referred to in the literature as LSI ( Latent Semantic Indexing ) , dimensionality reduction , or projection .
Linear Algebra Refresher
SVD methods are a direct consequence of a theorem in linear algebra :
Any MxN matrix
A whose number of rows M is greater than or equal to its number of columns N , can be written as the product of an MxM column - orthogonal matrix U , and MxN diagonal matrix W with positive or zero elements ( singular values ) , and the transpose of an NxN orthogonal matrix V .
More intuitively , assume that we have a matrix where every column represents a user , and every row represents a product ( or a Family Guy season , in our case ) .
Thus , with M users and N products , we are looking at an MxN matrix .
The theorem simply states that we can decompose such a matrix into three components : ( MxM ) call it U , ( MxN ) call it S , and ( NxN ) call it V .
More importantly , we can use this decomposition to approximate the original MxN matrix .
By taking the first k_ _eigenvalues of the matrix S , we can effectively obtain a compressed representation of the data .
So why do we care ?
( Mathies click here , we ’ll wait . )
Machine Learning & Information Retrieval
One of the most fundamental , and fun properties of Machine Learning is its close correlation to the concept of data compression - if we can identify significant concepts ( clusters of users , for example ) then we can represent a large dataset with fewer bits .
However , this logic also works in reverse !
If we can represent our data with fewer bits ( compress our data ) , then we have identified ‘ significant ’ concepts !
I bet you see where we ’re headed - SVD ’s allow us to compress a large matrix by approximating it in a smaller - dimensional space .
SVD ’s found wide application in the field of Information Retrieval ( IR ) where this process is often referred to as Latent Semantic Indexing ( LSI ) .
In these applications the columns of the matrix are the documents , and the rows are the individual words .
Running SVD allows us to collapse this matrix into a smaller - dimensional space where highly correlated items ( for example , words that often occur together ) are captured as a single feature .
Essentially , we are discarding the noise , and keeping the signal .
In practice , the IR guys usually collapse their ginormous matrices to 100 , 200 , or 300 dimensions ( from original 10000 + ) and then perform similarity calculations .
In case you ’re curious , this same method has also found many uses in image compression and computer vision applications .
Dimensionality Reduction
Back to our Family Guy developers .
For the sake of brevity we will use a very simple example with only 4 users , and 6 seasons ( User x Rating matrix shown above ) .
Cranking this matrix through the SVD yields three different components : matrix U ( 6x6 ) , matrix S ( 6x6 ) , matrix V ( 4x4 ) .
Now , we will collapse this matrix from a ( 6x4 ) space into a 2 - Dimensional one .
To do this , we simply take the first two columns of U , S and V .
The end result :
Now , because we are working with a 2 - Dimensional space , we can plot our results ( below ) .
We can treat the first column of U can as x , and the second column as y - these are the seasons .
Same process is repeated for matrix V - these are the users .
Do you see what happened ?
Because we are working with a small example it ’s hard to call two users a ‘ cluster ’ but you will nonetheless notice that Ben and Fred are located very close to each other - now compare their respective ratings in our original matrix .
Very cool , huh !
Same pattern re-occurs for Seasons 5 and 6 .
Our dimensionality reduction technique effectively captured the fact that Ben and Fred seem to have similar taste - we ’re halfway there !
Finding Similar Users
Next , Bob joins the site and shares with us a few of his season ratings ( [ 5,5,0,0,0,5 ] for seasons 1 - 6 ) - it ’s our goal to give him a recommendation based on this data .
Intuitively , we want to find users similar to Bob , thus if we can ‘ embed ’
Bob into our 2 - Dimensional space and look where he is located , we will be able to answer this question .
To do this , we perform the following calculation :
First line is the general formula to project a new user into our space - I wo n’t motivate the math behind it , but if you ’re interested , check the document I referenced in the Linear Algebra Refresher section .
The important result is that we have the x , and y coordinates for Bob .
Let ’s add them to our earlier graph :
The green triangle represents Bob .
It ’s not immediately evident which user is closest , but if we extend the vector ( from the origin - green line ) , we can see that Ben ’s and Fred ’s vectors are , in fact , very similar .
A common way to judge similarity between any two vectors is to look at the angles separating them : cosine similarity .
From our graph we can intuitively tell that the angle between Ben and Bob is smaller than the one between Ben and Fred .
To determine this , let ’s iterate over all users and compute their cosine similarities .
Furthermore , let ’s discard anyone whose similarity is less than 0.90 ( outside of the shaded region ) .
We get : Ben ( 0.987 ) , Fred ( 0.955 ) .
Hence , we conclude that Ben and Bob have the most similar tastes , though Fred is pretty close also !
What happens now is up to you .
Here is one very simple strategy : find the most similar user and compare his / her items against that of the new user ; take the items that the similar user has rated and the new user has not and return them in decreasing order of ratings .
Thus , Ben rated every season except 4 , and Bob rated seasons 1,2 and 6 .
We take the set difference ( [ 1,2,3, 5,6 ] - [ 1,2,6 ] = [ 3,5 ] ) which are the seasons Ben rated but Bob has n’t seen and return them in the decreasing order of Ben ’s ratings : Season 5 ( 5 stars ) , Season 3 ( 3 stars ) .
Will you just give me the code already ?
For the brave ones that made it to here , below is the equivalent of what we just did on paper .. in Ruby .
First , install the linalg library , and now you ’re ready to roll :
require ' linalg ' users = { 1 => " Ben " , 2 => " Tom " , 3 => " John " , 4 => " Fred " } m = Linalg :: DMatrix [ # Ben , Tom , John , Fred [ 5 , 5 , 0 , 5 ] , # season 1 [ 5 , 0 , 3 , 4 ] , # season 2 [ 3 , 4 , 0 , 3 ] , # season 3 [ 0 , 0 , 5 , 3 ] , # season 4 [ 5 , 4 , 4 , 5 ] , # season 5 [ 5 , 4 , 5 , 5 ] # season
6 ] # Compute the SVD Decomposition u , s , vt = m .
singular_value_decomposition vt = vt .
transpose #
Take the 2 - rank approximation of the Matrix # -
Take first and second columns of u ( 6x2 ) # -
Take first and second columns of vt ( 4x2 ) # -
Take the first two eigen - values ( 2x2 ) u2 = Linalg :: DMatrix .
join_columns [ u . column ( 0 ) , u . column ( 1 ) ] v2 = Linalg :: DMatrix .
join_columns [ vt . column ( 0 ) , vt . column ( 1 ) ] eig2 = Linalg :: DMatrix .
columns [ s . column ( 0 ) . to_a .
flatten [ 0 , 2 ] , s . column ( 1 ) . to_a . flatten [ 0 , 2 ] ] #
Here comes Bob , our new user bob = Linalg :: DMatrix [ [ 5 , 5 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 5 ] ] bobEmbed = bob * u2 * eig2 .
inverse # Compute the cosine similarity between Bob and every other User in our 2 - D space user_sim , count = {} , 1 v2 . rows .
each { | x | user_sim [ count ] = ( bobEmbed .
transpose .
dot ( x . transpose ) ) / ( x . norm * bobEmbed . norm ) count += 1 } # Remove all users who fall below the 0.90 cosine similarity cutoff and sort by similarity similar_users = user_sim .
delete_if { | k , sim | sim < 0 . 9 } . sort { | a , b | b [ 1 ] < => a [ 1 ] } similar_users .
each { | u | printf " %s ( ID : %d , Similarity : % 0.3f )
" , users [ u [ 0 ] ] , u [ 0 ] , u [ 1 ] } #
We 'll use a simple strategy in this case : # 1 ) Select the most similar user #
2 ) Compare all items rated by this user against your own and select items that you have not yet rated #
3 ) Return the ratings for items I have not yet seen , but the most similar user has rated similarUsersItems = m . column ( similar_users [ 0 ] [ 0 ]- 1 ) . transpose .
to_a .
flatten myItems = bob .
transpose .
to_a .
flatten not_seen_yet = {} myItems .
each_index { | i | not_seen_yet [ i + 1 ] = similarUsersItems [ i ] if myItems [ i ] == 0 and similarUsersItems [ i ] != 0 } printf "
%s recommends :
" , users [ similar_users [ 0 ] [ 0 ] ] not_seen_yet .
sort { | a , b | b [ 1 ] < => a [ 1 ] } . each { | item | printf " \t Season %d ..
I gave it a rating of %d
" , item [ 0 ] , item [ 1 ] } print " We 've seen all the same seasons , bugger ! " if not_seen_yet .
size == 0
svd-recommender - gsl.rb - Ruby / GSL version , courtesy of Joshua Bassett
Running our algorithm produces :
Ben ( ID : 1 , Similarity : 0.987 ) Fred ( ID : 4 , Similarity : 0.955 )
Ben recommends : Season 5 .. I gave it a rating of 5 Season 3 .. I gave it a rating of 3
That ’s it !
A 50 line SVD recommendation / collaborative filtering system for a Rails app. with the help of some simple linear algebra .
In other iterations : Decision Tree Learning , Bayes Classification , Support Vector Machines
2005-11-17 04:00:00 PDT
Noida , India --
While irate calls are a mainstay of customer service work in any country , many Indian call - center workers say they regularly face particular abuse from Americans , whose tantrums are sometimes racist and often inspired by anger over outsourcing .
This vitriol has fueled a " searing anger " among the Indian employees , says Vinod Shetty , a Bombay lawyer who has formed a collective for call - center workers .
" A lot of trauma is caused . "
Debalina Das , 22 , a computer help - line agent in the city of Hyderabad in south India , punched the button last winter for a call from the United States .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
The caller greeted her with a torrent of racial and sexual slurs , accused her of " roaming about naked without food and clothes " and asked , " What do you know about computers ? "
The diatribe ended with the comment : " This company is just saving money by outsourcing to Third World countries like yours . "
Such telephone tirades are fueled by outrage over outsourcing , which is expected to move 3.4 million U.S. service - sector jobs overseas by 2015 , according to the consultancy Forrester .
Most of the work comes to India , where young , low - cost employees now handle a range of American tasks -- they draw cartoons , interpret heart scans , adjudicate insurance claims , reserve flights and chase debtors .
Das , who quit the job after four months , said she learned to dislike Americans .
" Rarely , there are people who are good , " she said by e-mail , " but then others remind me that all they believe in is cursing , and they do n't have respect for others . "
Her opinion is not uncommon among many workers in India 's burgeoning call - center industry .
Relations between India and the United States have grown closer in recent years .
India now sends more students to American colleges than any other country .
Indians form the wealthiest and one of the fastest - growing immigrant groups in the United States .
And in the last decade , American companies have increasingly sought Indian customers and employees .
Not everyone is happy about the growing ties between the two nations .
An anti-outsourcing movement has drawn wide support as layoffs continue to mount at such U.S. companies as IBM , which is cutting 13,000 jobs in Europe and the United States and adding 14,000 in India , according to the Washington Alliance of Technology Workers .
In the first three months of this year , state legislators proposed 112 bills to stanch the exodus of American jobs , according to the National Foundation for American Policy .
Some opponents of outsourcing , often fired workers themselves , have rechanneled their rage at job - slashing CEOs toward India .
On the Web forum Is Your Job Going Offshore ? ( isyourjobgoingoffshore.com /forums / ) contributors variously describe India as depraved , as a haven for terrorists , a " giant leech " and a nation of " back - stabbing cowards . "
It is this kind of commentary that has shaped a perception among India 's customer - care workers that Americans are intolerant .
" Everybody thinks like that , " said Samik Chowdhury , assistant manager at an IBM office in northern India .
" Every time , it 's racism only . "
This attitude is not typical of most urban Indians , who tend to admire the United States for its strength and entrepreneurial spirit .
In a recent 16 - country Pew poll , India had the highest percentage of citizens with a favorable opinion of the United States , 71 percent .
The less favorable view , though , is beginning to seep into Indian popular culture .
The scripts for a new sitcom called " The Call Center , " scheduled to air this winter on the leading channel NDTV , depict Westerners as arrogant , immoral and comically rude .
The show 's villain , the Indian manager of a call center , is an India - bashing blowhard , a disposition he picked up at an Ivy League business school in the United States .
One of the episodes recreates a real - life exchange that occurred in January between an American and an Indian agent that has become notorious among the call center crowd here .
On the Philadelphia radio show " Star and Buc Wild , " host Troi Terrain phoned an Indian call center pretending to order hair beads for his daughter .
The call quickly turned vicious .
" Listen to me , you dirty rat eater , " Terrain growled , to muffled laughter in the studio .
" I 'll come out there and choke the -- out of you .
You 're a filthy rat eater .
I 'm calling about my American 6 - year - old white girl .
How dare you outsource my call ? "
Indian offices have taken measures to thwart such attacks : Agents typically adopt anglicized names , undergo " accent neutralization " and U.S. cultural training , and sometimes claim to be located in the United States .
They are taught to suffer attacks politely and try to calm customers .
Failing that , many offices now offer callers the option to be transferred to agents in the United States .
These humiliations , say observers , are tolerated by a labor force that savors the opportunity to join India 's growing middle class .
With monthly incomes of about $ 200 , call - center employees live well in a country where many are poverty - stricken .
" They feel like it is their duty " to swallow insults , says labor researcher Babu Remesh .
Sumit Bhasin , a 25 - year - old call - center worker for HCL BPO Technologies in the northern Indian city of Noida , says American customers tend to have an " egoistic , bossy kind of attitude . "
When he was young , he said , he used to dream of traveling to the United States , as many Indians do , but after working in call centers for several years , he is not so sure anymore .
However , he loves his job , because he makes $ 440 a month and gets to learn about high technology like routers , modems and concepts of networking .
But for others , the abuse is taking its toll .
A group of SBC call - center workers , also in Noida , sat recently on the clipped grass in front of the silver - glassed office building where they field Americans '
Web connection problems .
Callers often dismiss them the moment they detect their Indian accents , they say .
" A whole lot of the time , people are yelling , " says Kapil Chawla , 23 .
" They just want to talk to an American . "
Saurabh Jha , a 22 - year - old in blue jeans , says a woman phoned from Texas recently and told him that , thanks to outsourcing , " You are getting money , food , shelter .
You should be starving . "
She berated him for 12 minutes before she finally allowed him to offer advice that promptly fixed her problem : to unplug her computer and plug it back in .
" I was speechless , " he says .
" She did n't even give me a chance . "
Two Disney Movies , Two Titles Containing " 9/11 , " Two Strangely Different Outcomes
Why is the U.S. media such an eternal catastrophe ?
My standard explanation is that 99 % of the disaster can be explained by the fact the media is ( mostly ) giant corporations , required by law to make as much money as possible .
No conspiracy is required .
But ...:
ABC , after exploring all advertising avenues , has decided to show its upcoming two - part U.S. film , " The Path to 9/11 , " commercial - free when it airs next week ...
In yet another surprise move , ABC has revealed it will also offer both parts of the film as a free online download at Apple 's iTunes Music Store and stream the miniseries on its own Web site , ABC.com .
So ... " The Path to 9/11 " cost $ 30 million and was written and directed by conservative ideologues .
Factually speaking , it 's predictably craptastic .
And yet Disney is glad to lose at least $ 30 million on it .
By contrast , this was Disney 's treatment of another political movie -- one that eventually grossed over $ 200 million :
The Walt Disney Company is blocking its Miramax division from distributing a new documentary by Michael Moore that harshly criticizes President Bush , executives at both Disney and Miramax said Tuesday ...
A senior Disney executive elaborated that the company had the right to quash Miramax 's distribution of films if it deemed their distribution to be against the interests of the company .
The executive said Mr. Moore 's film is deemed to be against Disney 's interests not because of the company 's business dealings with the government but because Disney caters to families of all political stripes and believes Mr. Moore 's film , which does not have a release date , could alienate many .
'' It 's not in the interest of any major corporation to be dragged into a highly charged partisan political battle , '' this executive said .
So , right wing movie : Disney happily loses $ 30 million by running directly into a " highly charged partisan political battle . "
Left - wing movie : Disney refuses to make gigantic amounts of money because they 're so very scared they 'll " alienate many . "
It 's not all about the money .
YouTube ’s young founders may have been the biggest beneficiaries of last week ’s $ 1.65 billion deal with Google , but they have some unexpected bedfellows — old - line media companies that had been considered YouTube ’s biggest legal threat .
Three of the four major music companies — Vivendi’s Universal Music Group , Sony and Bertelsmann ’s jointly owned Sony BMG Music Entertainment , and the Warner Music Group — each quietly negotiated to take small stakes in YouTube as part of video - and music - licensing deals they struck shortly before the sale , people involved in the talks said yesterday .
The music companies collectively stand to receive as much as $ 50 million from these arrangements , these people said .
Because a significant portion of the videos posted to YouTube contain copyrighted songs or video material , the Web site had been considered a litigation land mine .
Last month , Doug Morris , the chief executive of the Universal Music , called YouTube and MySpace “ copyright infringers ” and said the sites “ owe us tens of millions of dollars . ”
Just this week , Universal filed suits against Bolt and Grouper , two smaller video - sharing sites , for allowing users to post hundreds of pirated music videos of its artists , including Mariah Carey , 50 Cent and the Black Eyed Peas .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Tuesday January 9 2007
There is something absurd and rather tragic about setting out on a journey around a country , knowing that if you speak the language of that country you will not be understood .
It is even more absurd when the country is your native one and you are speaking its native language .
Irish ( Gaelic ) is the first official language of Ireland .
We have been speaking it for 2,500 years , right up until the British decided it would be easier to govern us if we spoke their language ( and then outlawed the use of Gaelic in schools ) in the 19th century .
We , in turn , soon realised that our only hope of advancement was through English , and we - or at least the half of the population that survived the Famine - jettisoned Irish in a matter of decades .
Had it not been for the Celtic Revival that accompanied Ireland 's fi ght for independence in the early 20th century , the language would have probably died out by now .
Today , a quarter of the population claim they speak it regularly .
I have always suspected this figure and to test its accuracy I decided to travel around the country speaking only Irish to see how I would get on .
I chose Dublin as a starting point , confident in the knowledge that in a city of 1.2 million people I was bound to find at least a few Irish speakers .
I went first to the Ordnance Survey Office to get a map of the country .
( As a semi- state organisation it has a duty to provide certain services in Irish . )
" Would you speak English maybe ? " the sales assistant said to me .
I replied in Irish .
" Would you speak English ? ! " he repeated impatiently .
I tried explaining once again what I was looking for .
" Do you speak English ? " he asked in a cold , threatening tone .
" Sea , " I said , nodding meekly .
" Well , can you speak English to me now ? "
I told him as simply as I could that I was trying to get by with Irish .
" I 'm not talking to you any more , " he said .
" Go away . "
I really needed a map for the journey ahead ; it would be hard enough to get by without having to ask for directions constantly .
I tried addressing the man one last time , using the simplest schoolroom Irish that he must have learned during the 10 years of compulsory Irish that every schoolchild undergoes , but he covered his ears , and I was left with no choice but to leave .
It was not a good start .
Although it was still early I decided I needed a drink and headed to an elegant Victorian bar off Grafton Street .
" I do n't speak Irish mate , sorry , " replied the barman when I ordered a pint .
I tried simplifying the order - although how much simpler can you make , " I 'd like a drink , please " ?
" I do n't speak Irish mate , " he said again .
I have managed to get drinks in bars from Cameroon to Kazakhstan without any problem ; if I had been speaking any other language I doubt it would have been an issue .
I tried pointing at what I wanted - the taps were lined up along the bar - but I made the mistake of talking as I pointed .
" Did you not hear me , no ? " the barman said menacingly .
I thought it safer to get one of the customers to translate for me , but they stared resolutely into their pints when I turned to them .
Eventually , one young lad , taking pity on me , advised me to go to a cafe on Kildare Street .
" A cafe ? " I said .
" I 'm looking for a drink . "
" Just go there , " he said , and so , following his directions I found myself in a murky cellar beneath the offices of the Irish language development agency .
They had no beer licence , but I got a cup of coffee and the owner told me in rich , mellifluous Irish how the place was normally teeming with Gaeilgeoirí ( Irish speakers ) but because it was a sunny day no one wanted to be skulking underground and so I was the only customer .
The city 's Victorian plumbing was struggling to cope with the July heat and the place stank of sewage .
I could not help thinking it was a sort of ghetto , a sanctuary for a beleaguered minority .
I knew the journey was going to prove difficult , just not this difficult .
Language experts claim that the figure of fluent Irish speakers is closer to 3 % than the aspirational 25 % who tick the language box on the census , and most of these are concentrated on the western seaboard , in remote , inaccessible areas where one would not naturally find oneself .
What I had not factored for was the animosity .
Part of it , I felt , stemmed from guilt - we feel inadequate that we cannot speak our own language .
I decided to contact a talk radio show in Dublin to ask the listeners what they thought .
A few phoned to say that they had no idea what I was talking about .
" Is the language dead ?
I asked in Irish , over and over again .
" Sorry ? " most of them replied , or : " You what ?
Are you speaking the Irish ? "
Some of the callers wanted me and my bog language pulled off the airwaves , others talked of their shame at not being able to understand me and of how much they admired me for speaking out .
This in turn made me feel guilty : the only reason I speak Irish is because my grandmother went to the trouble of learning it 90 years ago as a weapon in the struggle for an Irish republic .
She then bribed me as a child with sweets and treats to go on speaking it when I realised that none of my friends did .
In fact , I had almost discarded it , regarding it as a dead weight around my neck , until TG4 , the Irish - language television station , was set up in 1996 and I started making travel documentaries for it .
After the radio show , I decided to visit the tourist office which , presumably , was used to dealing with different languages .
The man at the counter looked at me quizzically when I inquired about a city tour .
" Huh ? " he said , his eyes widening .
I repeated myself .
" You do n't speak English , do you ? " he asked coldly .
I was beginning to hate this moment - the point at which the fear and frustration spread across their faces .
They were just trying to get through the day , after all .
They did not need to be confronted by an unbending foot soldier of the Irish Taliban .
I explained what I was trying to do .
" Well , mate , I do n't actually speak Irish , so ... " he paused menacingly and I tried to smile encouragingly , " so , If you speak English , I 'll be able to understand what you 're saying . "
" Béarla only - English only , " said his supervisor , standing sternly behind him , repeating it a second time in case I was slow .
I asked if there was any other language I could use and they pointed to a list of seven flags on the wall .
To be honest , I could speak five of them but I had promised myself not to , not unless it was absolutely necessary .
Eventually they located a charming young woman who spoke perfect Irish and was able to tell me everything I needed to know , but she was terribly nervous , believing her vocabulary to be inadequate .
It was not ; it was wonderful .
It is an odd tendency that people often have an erroneous view of their ability to speak Irish , either over - or underestimating their ability - possibly a convoluted psychological legacy of the stigma attached from days when it was a sign of poverty and backwardness .
I might have been tempted to give up the journey entirely had it not been for something that happened during the radio phone - in .
I was rapidly approaching a point of despair when some children came on the line .
I found they spoke clear and fluent Irish in a new and modern urban dialect .
They told me how they spoke the language all the time , as did all their friends .
They loved it , and they were outraged that I could suggest it was dead .
These were the children of the new Gaelscoileanna - the all - Irish schools that are springing up throughout the country in increasing numbers every year .
While old schools are being closed down or struggling to find pupils , the Gaelscoileanna are having to turn people away .
The phenomenon is as popular among the affluent middle classes as it is in working - class estates , largely due to the excellence of the education : Irish - speaking secondary schools often score higher in state exams than the most elite fee - paying schools .
The students come away unburdened with the sense of inferiority that every previous generation had been instilled with since the days in which the British first labelled Irish as backward .
These children were reared on Irish versions of SpongeBob SquarePants and Scooby - Doo on TG4 .
They had invented Irish words for X - Box and hip - hop , for Jackass and blog .
They were fluent in Irish text - speak and had moulded the ancient pronunciations and syntax in accordance with the latest styles of Buffy - speak and Londonstani slang .
I realised it was they I should have turned to for help on the streets .
The children filled me with renewed confidence as I left Dublin and took to the road , boosted further by my first experience in a petrol station where a Polish attendant had no problem deciphering the complicated mechanical query I had about my borrowed vintage Jaguar .
For him , every day involved a struggle to understand a foreign language , and whether I was speaking Irish or English made little difference .
In fact , everyone I met over the course of the next 1,000 miles driving around the country were more approachable and considerate than those first few Dubliners .
Not that I am claiming they all had fluent Irish - far from it - but they were willing to engage with me , to string together the few stray words of school Irish that arose from the darkest recesses of their minds , or else to try to decipher my miming and mad gesticulation .
None the less , the journey was still a strain for most of the time .
I got given the wrong directions , and served the wrong food , and given the wrong haircut , but I was rarely threatened or made to feel foolish again .
Even on the staunchly loyalist Shankill Road in Belfast I was treated with civility , though warned that if I persisted in speaking the language I was liable to end up in hospital .
In Galway , I went out busking on the streets , singing the filthiest , most debauched lyrics I could think of to see if anyone would understand .
No one did - old women smiled , tapping their feet merrily , as I serenaded them with filth .
In Killarney , I stood outside a bank promising passers - by huge sums of money if they helped me rob it , but again no one understood .
I know that by the end of the trip I should have reached some conclusion , but in fact I was more confused than ever .
In parts of Northern Ireland , where Irish was effectively banned until the early 1990s , I found a tremendous resurgence taking place .
The Good Friday agreement recognised its status and now the North has its own daily Irish - language newspaper , a daily BBC Radio programme and a brand new local radio station .
In Galway , I met Irishspeaking immigrants who have formed a lobby group to promote the language .
I met publishers who are churning out ever more Irish novels , biographies and poetry each year .
From a purely regulatory perspective , the language has recently won some important ( though possibly Pyrrhic ) victories - the Official Languages
Act guarantees the right to communicate in Irish with all state and semi-state organisations ( although whenever I tried sending Irish emails to government bodies during the journey they were ignored ) .
Possibly the language 's most significant moment of the past few centuries occurred on Monday this week when Irish became an official working language of the EU .
It is a huge vote of confidence by our European neighbours , and it seems appropriate that Irish people should decide at this time once and for all what we want to do with our mother tongue .
Should we stick a do - not - resuscitate sign around its neck and unplug the machine , or else get over our silly inferiority complex and start using the bloody thing ?
As the Gaelscoileanna children might say : " Athbhreith agus cuir diot é ! " ( Just rebirth and get over it ! ) .
· The TV series based on Manchán 's journey , No Béarla , begins on Sunday at 9.30 pm on TG4 .
Know your Gaelic : A brief guide
Yes Sea
No Ni hea
Hello Dia Duit
Goodbye Slán
English Béarla
Irish Gaeilge
He 's a total schmuck Is gamal ceart é!
What an old rust bucket !
A leithéid do gliogramáin meirgeach !
Incense Bata túise
Lipstick Béaldath
Shut your mouth !
Dún do chlab !
Crazed Guardian readers Lucht baoth léite an Ghuardian
Night of boozing Oíche diúgaireachta Drunk Ar meisce Moronic Uascánta
Can you recommend a hotel , darling ?
An féidir óstán a mholadh dom , a thaisce ?
Can you direct me to a sympathetic priest ?
An féidir leat mé a dhíriú i dtreo sagart tuiscineach ?
Editor 's note : as this story progresses , we are adding updates down below .
The current word : this is a hoax .
The original story
Firefox is loaded with security flaws , according to a hacker duo that presented at this year 's ToorCon .
Mischa Spiegelmock and Andrew Wbeelsoi used a session at the show to highlight what they have called " a complete mess " that is " impossible to patch " in Firefox 's JavaScript implementation .
According to the pair , the implementation is home to at least 30 possible exploits , all of which they plan to keep to themselves .
CNet 's Joris Evers brought the story to light this past weekend , but reports are surfacing everywhere .
The presentation , dubbed " Lovin the LOLs , LOL is my will , " actually only focused on one flaw , which the presenters said affects Firefox on Windows , Linux , and Mac OS X .
The exploit reportedly causes a stack overflow by merely including a small snippet of JavaScript code on a webpage .
Spiegelmock and Wbeelsoi have declined to fully detail the exploit , however , leaving Mozilla a bit in the dark .
In fact , after a Mozilla employee exhorted them to report the flaw and collect a $ 500 reward , Wbeelsoi said " what we 're doing is really for the greater good of the Internet , we 're setting up communication networks for black hats . "
Mozilla 's head of security , Window Snyder , indicated that Mozilla believes the exploit to be real .
She has also said that the presentation given at the conference contained enough information that other hackers may be able to reproduce the exploit before it can be patched .
Reports of the flaw come less than a week after Symantec 's biannual Internet Security Threat Report indicated that the number of browser vulnerabilities is on the rise .
Firefox led the pack both in terms of absolute number of vulnerabilities disclosed on the last six months , and in terms of percentage growth over the year .
The report also noted that Firefox had the lowest " window of vulnerability , " meaning that the time between identification and fix was comparatively shorter that for other browsers .
Nevertheless , the current state of affairs has led many readers to start joking , " Firefox : the next Internet Explorer . "
The zero - day debate
Spiegelmock and Wbeelsoi declined to discuss how they identified the exploit , but it has occasioned a return to arguments over the security of open source software .
Opponents have long argued that open source software is inherently unsafe because Bad People™ can pore over the source code looking for exploits .
Opponents liken it to publishing the blueprints to a fortress .
Open source advocates have argued the opposite , namely that publishing source code ultimately results in more security .
The more eyes that pore over the source code , it is argued , the more likely it is that vulnerabilities will be discovered and fixed .
The truth is likely somewhere in - between .
Publishing source code certainly does raise the possibility of an exploit being found via that same source code .
It 's what happens after the flaws are found that seems to stir so much debate .
Human nature being fickle , there 's little to recommend predicting one outcome over another , especially in an environment where exploits can be sold to the highest bidder for nefarious means .
The after - story ... there 's no story at all ?
Mozilla has been able to reproduce a DoS issue based on the information , according to a new post on the Mozilla Developer Center .
So far , they have yet to determine whether code execution is a possibility , but say they are " still investigating " and promise updates as necessary .
Nevertheless , it 's beginning to look as though this was largely a prank .
Mischa Spiegelmock has now said that the talk " was to be humorous , " and that the presentation covered a " previously known Firefox vulnerability that could result in a stack overflow ending up in remote code execution . "
In other words , they did n't discover a new flaw .
Spiegelmock said that the code they presented to attendees does not not actually work , lowering fears that a true zero - day exploit could be in the wild .
To make matters more embarrassing , Spiegelmock also said that no one has successfully executed arbitrary code using the attack .
" I have not succeeded in making this code do anything more than cause a crash and eat up system resources , and I certainly have n’t used it to take over anyone else ’s computer and execute arbitrary code , " according to comments on Mozilla 's developers blog .
As to the claim that there are 30 known exploits in Firefox , Spiegelmock said that the claim was made only by Wbeelsoi , and indicated that it , too , has not been verified .
I 'm quite the sucker for eye candy .
In particular , I absolutely adore eye - candy involving really shiny display technologies .
Check out the video below , and join me in the drool - fest .
It 's easy to watch all the pretty lights and colors , listen to the high - powered geeks who make them dance explain how their toys work , and think of this stuff as nothing more than that : bright , shiny , complicated toys .
But that 's not all they are .
We need to look beyond that impression .
Awhile ago , I wrote a post on some ongoing research in the areas of human - machine interfaces .
Specifically , I highlighted the extremely cool stuff ( and the similarly shiny demo video ) that the Multi-Touch Interaction Research project has produced .
When I originally saw the video , the first thing I thought was how " freaking cool " it looked .
The next thought involved how much I would * kill * to get my hands on one of those units and play around with it .
This motivated me to post the video and a bit of commentary on this site .
But as I was writing , some of the larger ideas that surround these kinds of flashy demos ( and the research behind them ) started tugging at my brain .
It got me thinking about some of my experience and opinions concerning this facet of technology .
But those thoughts remained largely in the periphery , and were n't addressed much beyond references to a couple of movies , and a very snazzy video of an awesome artist going nuts with a Wacom .
And then there were comments .
Not a huge number , but some of them were surprisingly lengthy and verbose .
You 'll get a tiny bit of summary of the commentary here , but I strongly encourage you to read them ( and check out the link in YeeJen 's comment ) if you have n't already had the pleasure .
The second comment was particularly interesting .
The poster presented an argument that essentially refuted my " Wow !
This is really cool stuff that could revolutionize humanity 's interaction with technology ! " commentary , and postulated how touch - screen technology will " never , and in fact cannot , work in the real world for very simple ergonomic reasons having to do with human anatomy . "
My personal annoyance at having something I was excited to talk about being called " over - hyped crap " aside , Richard 's comment pointed out numerous problems that effect not only currently deployed touchscreen technology , but also the traditional keyboard / mouse implementation .
He also discussed various reasons why touchscreens will supposedly never work within a very specific setting .
Fortunately , an anonymous poster responded point - for - point in refute of this , using a Powerbook to simulate a touchscreen , and I thankfully do n't have to devote any more space responding directly to this very short - sighted scenario .
But something still annoyed me about the comments to my post ( with a couple notable exceptions .
Ian Mckay , I am delighted that the Smart People of the world have had successful prototypes of this kind of " futuristic " technology as early as 2001 ! ) .
Starting with the second comment , discussion largely centered around existing technologies used in a traditional workstation scenario .
This is not the space that these alternate interface technologies are trying to occupy .
With current technology , we have largely solved the problem of creating a computer workstation that excels at certain desktop jobs .
I have set up a number of multi-screen , multi-machine workstations that allow a saavy user to monitor and manipulate enormous amounts of data simultaneously .
With a little practice , the only limit to productivity is how fast one can think ... but only for * certain tasks * .
This is very important to remember .
Depending on everything from physical abilities and characteristics , to the task to be performed , to good old personal preference , a 15 - inch and keyboard / mouse combo may be perfect .
Or it could completely suck .
Consider the task of typing .
I think most people can agree that a touchscreen is n't the best input device for most , if not all typing tasks .
But what about voice recognition ?
If you 've read my little " Hi !
This is me ! " post , you 'll know that I 'm a college student .
I 've had to write * many * pages of notes , analytical arguments , and various papers .
I can tell you with certainty that reliable voice recognition technology would be far superior to the keyboard for this kind of data input .
But what of writing code , or some other kind of data - entry that is nothing like spoken language ?
Imagine how fun it would be to dictate a few lines of PHP or C# .
No , I did n't think you 'd want to do that either .
At least not without a serious IDE to interpret a scheme of special phrases .
Our traditional input hardware is obviously not perfect for everything , even within the restrictive workstation setting .
But things , they are a - changin ' .
Thankfully , people are realizing that the individual workstation is n't the only place for productivity , nor is it the only place for computers .
The vast digital world has made its way into our pockets and briefcases , into our boardrooms and meeting places , even into our art studios .
If what we are seeing in the touchscreen prototypes noted earlier is any indication , computers are on their way to being in our tables and walls , in any number of settings .
Anyone who has spent considerable time with a professional multimedia creation software suite will quickly understand the amazing benefits of a mutable interface that can be directly interacted with .
We currently spend most of our time interacting with these applications with one hand on the mouse , and the other hand trying to feel its way around the keyboard , hunting for various shortcut or selector keys , or stabbing at context modifiers .
A lot of these programs are designed to be the best approximations of their old - school physical - world counterparts , but can only manage insofar as the mouse / keyboard model will allow .
The large - format , accurate and responsive interactive displays that are likely to evolve from the technology shown in these shiny videos and pretty demonstrations will be incredibly useful for people working with multimedia .
And no , I 'm not pulling this out of thin air .
I have spent many , many hours working with the last few generations of this software .
I 've done everything from architectural and mechanical CAD drawings , 3D modeling and animation , to audio / video editing , and mounds of Photoshop work .
I 've seen and felt the limitations of the keyboard / mouse abstraction in these fields .
Large work areas that can respond and transform to fit our needs , whether they be on table - tops , walls , or new - age drawing boards , will be be incredibly beneficial to multimedia folks .
Before I wrap up this post , I absolutely have to talk about accessibility .
Not everyone has the same abilities to interact with the world around them .
There are people who do n't have the visual capabilities to see a screen .
There are those who can't hear well enough to listen to audio .
There are plenty of people in this world who can't physically manipulate a keyboard or mouse .
Again , in his comment to my previous post on this , Richard talked condescendingly about gestural input technologies essentially being a form of sign language .
But , come to think of it , would n't it be great for a deaf person to be able to dictate a letter to their computer instead of having to type it ?
This is yet another example of how some models work beautifully for certain people in certain scenarios , but do n't necessarily make sense for everybody everywhere .
There does n't seem to be much discussion about current alternative interaction technologies outside of certain usability and accessibility circles because , let 's face it : stuff like screen - readers just are n't sexy .
Again , I 'm speaking from experience .
As a web designer who is at least conscious of accessibility concerns , this is part of my world .
They may be boring to most , but they are absolutely essential to some .
Without them , people with disabilities would be completely cut off from the rapidly exploding society that inhabits digital space .
Any new technology that stands a chance of enabling a larger number of people to easily and intuitively should n't be dismissed based on first impressions and a couple isolated and limited use - cases .
These technologies are n't being created simply because they are " cool " , with the hope that an application will come along to make use of them .
They are solutions being engineered for problems that have not yet been solved .
Take a second to think beyond the initial reaction of " Hey !
That 's cool ! ! " or " That 's total crap , and will never work . "
There 's a lot more going on than the cool - factor floating on the surface .
But hey , if there 's eye - candy , enjoy the friggin ' eye - candy .
Oh , and congratulations if you actually read to the end of this post .
You 're all truly pocket - fulls of awesome !
[ Edit ]
The following showed up in one of my feeds mere hours after this was posted .
Not only is it more beautiful eye - candy , but the presenter speaks very well about this technology and its evolving purpose in our world .
He briefly touches on some of the same points I brought up in this post .
Inventor Jeff
Han demonstrates his intuitive " interface - free " touch - driven computer screen .
Publisher 's Page : http://www.ted.com/tedtalks/tedtalksplayer.cfm?key=j_han
Authored by : perpetualLurker on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:31 PM EDT
And please remember to try for clicky - links !
Thank you !
---
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the moments that
take our breath away .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : feldegast on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:31 PM EDT
So PJ can find them .
---
IANAL
The above post is ( C ) Copyright 2006 and released under the Creative Commons
License Attribution - Noncommercial 2.0
P.J. has permission for commercial use [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:34 PM EDT
The schedule has been broken .
SCO wins ( at least this round ) .
Want to bet how long they can milk this delay ?
I would guess longer than any of
us can imagine .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:47 PM
EDT
Unless there is something awfully convincing , but under seal , I just do not
understand how this " Drunken Sailor " of a law suit remains standing .
I am increasingly embarrassed to call the US Legal System my own .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:49 PM EDT
So that was the sum total of the hearing today ?
It lasted like 10 seconds ?
What a downer , I was looking forward to having good news going into the Easter
weekend :-( [ Reply to This | # ]
What ?
- Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:57 PM
EDT
Authored by : webster on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:49 PM EDT
You have to give a mark to SCO for their timing and coj ... chutzpah .
They won
the admission of their declaration and thereby also took the focus off the
specificity a bit .
They also get time to file more stuff on it whether it's
allowed or not .
At the same time it looks bad for them .
A denial would have been easy for the
judge .
Letting in the declaration and giving IBM time to shred it for lack of
specificity look to be her maintaining the posture of fairness .
Better to be
right than quick .
---
webster
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:51 PM EDT
Did I read " one more delay and Red Hat case would start " ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:56 PM EDT
I know we have no idea exactly what is in the Rockkind declaration .
But , do we
know how big it is ?
I mean is it big enough to answer file , version , and line
questions ?
Was this filed under seal ?
Will we ever get to see it ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ExcludedMiddle on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 04:59 PM
EDT
Since when is a fully briefed motion allowed to be amended like this right
before the hearing , and without proper notice of the opposing council ?
Especially when it 's expert evidence that should probably be rebutted by another
expert .
I agree with an earlier post in this one .
SCO was attempting to take the focus
off of the 198 insufficient claims .
I wonder if they were playing to the fact
that Wells is a magistrate judge , and probably spends more time dealing with
these types of issues rather than ones that could drastically change the outcome
of the case , which this motion could certainly achieve .
I 'm really surprised by this leniency that Wells is granting .
But , then again ,
SCO 's lawyers have at least proven to be masters of delay .
How long , though ,
until the final deadline is up ?
When the horse is put on the stand , will it
sing ?
I still doubt it .
But it needs to have its day in court .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:05 PM EDT
So , 10 days for IBM to rebut it -- does that mean in 10 days we get the
" real " hearing and the judge decides concerning whether the couple
hundred unspecific items get tossed or not ?
Or does this mean 10 days for IBM to
file a rebut , then another delay while a hearing is scheduled ?
Could this delay ripple through to create further delays ?
I at some point got
the impression that IBM would need a ruling one way or the other on the
" lack of specificity " thing promptly in order to complete their other
expert reports as the deadline for the next round of PSJs approaches .
If this
ruling is delayed any further , will this create undue time pressure on IBM ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : blang on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:14 PM EDT
The " more rope to hang them with " analogy is something we hear
everytime SCOX is allowed to do something outside schedule or other rules of the
court .
That is is part if a strategy to get the final rulings of the case immune
to appeals .
But is this really so ?
Is n't it the judge 's job to rule over his court ?
So
when one of the litigants are constantly given favors , he cannot hold those
favors against them when later making a ruling on substance .
In a way the judges
set themselves up for some sort of estoppel .
If a litigant is given as much favors as SCO has received they would have won a
close case handlily .
To me it looks like the blind lady Justice has a finger on
the scale , turning what should have been a slam - dunk case into a cliffhanger .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:17 PM EDT
IBM filed a motion to limit SCO 's claims .
It asks the judge to discard most of
SCO 's claims .
That 's what was being heard today . (?)
That 's what was taken
under advisement .(?)
Were we expecting a decision today ?
To counter IBM 's motion , SCO asked to take a deposition from an expert witness .
The judge granted that but gave IBM an extra ten days to refute it .
Of course
IBM has to file that with the court and the court has to consider it .
When do
we think there will be a decision about tossing out all those claims ?
I suppose I should be able to figure out the answers for myself but I 'm feeling
totally lost right now .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:22 PM
EDT
Maybe reading Groklaw tends to give one
a rather one - sided view of this case .
Certainly , it seemed that SCO pulling
this Rochkind stunt was not going to
help them -- if you listened to the posts
here .
But it turns out that it was another
masterstroke of delay based upon
absolutely exquisite timing .
Although the evidence appears to be
entirely in IBM 's favour , I think
the award for pure lawyering this case
should probably go to Boise et. al .
I am amazed and hope the transcript of
the hearing sheds some light on this
unexpected development ( again - unexpected
from the point of view that one would
glean from a representative sample of
posts here ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : dwheeler on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:36 PM EDT
An occasional mistake happens in a case , so an occasional bout of flexibility makes sense ... but this is rediculous .
SCO is getting concession after concession , making schedules a complete farce .
This case has been going on since March 2003 -- three years and a month , and counting .
We still have n't finished DISCOVERY , in fact , we just got yet another input from SCO on THEIR SIDE of discovery .
Yes , IBM can afford it ... but is it fair that they should have to ?
The whole point of the discovery rules is to let the defendent ( IBM ) know what it is accused of doing , in enough specificity and with enough time so that it can defend itself .
What 's happening now is not justice ; it 's becoming a mockery of it .
Yes , when SCO is given this many favors , it should make the case harder to appeal once they lose .
But no one can get the lost time back , which keeps stretching on forever .
I would like to see SCO finally told to STOP breaking the rules , and actually meet their obligations .
No more games .
I respect judges -- they have a very hard job .
But a judge that grants concession after concession like this has begun to lose control of their courtroom , and risks having malicious entities walk all over the time of the court and their opponents .
Justice delayed is justice denied .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:37 PM EDT
Is n't there a danger that IBM pulled SCO into the next phase of litigation by
introducing expert testimony and inviting rebuttal expert testimony again to be
countered but making the question of dismissal moot ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Schedule ? - Authored by : PJ on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:23 PM
EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:39 PM EDT
Wells took this under advisement .
This was almsot a fregone conclusion ; she is
going to want a written opinion for this decision ) .
So , she has to , at the very
least , review the transcript , review the docuemtns , review the law , and write
her decision .
It looks like she may be going on vacation next week anyway ;
would anyone expect this decision in less than 3 weeks or more anyway ?
So SCO gets to submit their expert 's declaration , IBM gets to respond and have
the last word ( and I strongly suspect IBM wotn take near to their 10 days to
respond ) , and Wells rules based on all that .
I do n't see that this necessarily
has to add one minute to the schedule that was in place this morning .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : stend on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:45 PM EDT
Hi , Darl !
---
Please see bio for disclaimer .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : BobDowling on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:47 PM
EDT
I do n't understand Judge Wells ' question : Does SCO have , can they provide , additional specificity ...
I mean , basically , Is this all you 've got ?
As I understood it , the deadline for further specificity ( line numbers etc. ) had passed .
Why is the Judge even asking the question ?
If SCO were to provide further specificity now would n't it be disallowed ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : agriffin on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:50 PM EDT
Is there a basis for appeal resulting from judical nonfeasance or judical misfeasance ?
Definitions for those that might need them : Malfeasance is any act that is illegal or wrongful .
Misfeasance is an act that is legal but improperly performed .
Nonfeasance , by contrast , is a failure to act that results in harm .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:52 PM EDT
#include < errno.h >
/*
If you 're a programmer at all , you now know how lame this case is ...
*/ [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : MT on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:52 PM EDT
Could Judge Wells , taking this under advisement , decide " I do n't even need
IBM 's reply to SCO 's expert submission .
It is clear that IBM is right and SCO
is wrong .
I order the 198 items stricken . " ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:53 PM EDT
IBM flushed SCO out of the bushes , and now it's on the table .
Indeed .
The cat is out of the kettle and into the fire now .
Now that the dead horse has been punctured , SCO 's chickens are going to burn like a house of cards before they 've hatched .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:54 PM EDT
" Does SCO have , can they provide , additional specificity ...
I mean ,
basically ,
Is this all you 've got ? "
" There might be that in the last two months , that more has been discovered ,
but yes , at the time of the disclosure we provided all we have . "
It may be me , being english , but it seems to me that while judge wells is
asking about specificity , hes replying about actual code , as in they will want
to add more code claims later ?
How do you make something like this more specific two months down the line ?
And would it be allowed to be introduced , either sodewise , or for
clarity?specificity [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:56 PM EDT
For those in attendance today .
What was the tone of voice that Judge Wells used
when delivering this line ?
What is incredulous ?
or what ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Toon Moene on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 05:57 PM EDT
> Stuart Singer said that the Rochkind declaration says
> that in Methods & Concepts the specificity that SCO
> provided in their final disclosure is sufficient .
Ach , so - they finally found a person to " support " their theory that
" methods & concepts " is a sufficient discriminator to prove
copyright infringement ?
Time for the multicians to step forward ...
http://www.multicians.org
[ I 've only worked in Operating Systems for 7 years ,
these guys and gals are the cream of the crop ]
---
Toon Moene ( A GNU Fortran maintainer and physicist at large ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 06:03 PM EDT
Authored by : rsteinmetz70112 on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 06:09 PM EDT
Why is it not possible to locate methods and concepts with specficity ?
Concept XYZ is in Unix file ' xxxx ' and lines ' abcde ' and in Linux file ' yyyy '
and lines ' fghij ' .
What 's hard about that ?
---
Rsteinmetz - IANAL therefore my opinions are illegal .
" I could be wrong now , but I do n't think so . "
Randy Newman - The Title Theme from Monk
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 06:10 PM EDT
Iknow everyone keeps saying that the judge is giving SCO enough rope to hang
themselves and to limit the possibility of a successful appeal but the question
now must be ' How much rope is enough for heavens sake ? '
How is it that SCO is allowed the better part of three years to TRY and make a
case and IBM will only be allowed a few short weeks to try and bury it ,
considering that delays like this eat into the very time IBM is allowed to
defend itself ... how on earth can this be called justice ??????? [ Reply to This | # ]
Enough rope ?
- Authored by : joel on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 09:51 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 06:47 PM
EDT
Remember the confidential emails that Maureen & co. tried to unseal and SCO read in open court ?
Here is what that was all about : ... IBM is seeking discovery sanctions when they have actually sent out an order , after the case was filed , directing their employees to purge their " sandboxes " of AIX and Dynix / ptx code .
He said that one developer said he had actual Linux code that he purged .
Judge Wells says " That may or may not be true , but I want to stick with things that are properly before the court . "
So the first email was probably sent to Linux developers saying that , as a precaution , anyone working on linux should not be looking at the AIX and Dynix code .
Makes sense .
There is not enough detail to figure out what the second one was about .
I can see now why SCO was so desperate to expose those emails -- they could have a field day spinning it .
But all it really shows is IBM doing its due diligence , something which SCO has been avoiding .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 06:52 PM EDT
I found these rather interesting : ... SCO said that they have identified with specificity , but that with technologies the code is not required .
Judge Wells reminded him that the orders were to specify files , lines , but that now SCO 's talking " technologies " .
Stuart replied that when SCO was talking about code , they were talking about methods and concepts .
Judge Wells says that they have not argued that until now .
Mr. Singer said that methods and concepts do n't require file , line .
Judge Wells said she does n't remember ever talking about methods and concepts , that we 've always been talking about the code .
Judge Wells said , " Look at the specific orders " .
Stuart said they 've complied where appropriate , that there has not been a requirement for SCO to identify files and lines for methods and concepts .
Where they releated to code , they have been identified ...
Does that mean that there have n't been any such lines as I do n't remember any specific lines being mentions - or are they under seal ?
Also , the underlying tone I get of Judge Wells is that she is rather not happy that they are misreading / misinterpreting / ignoring her orders .
SCO claims that we 've disclosed UNIX SysV release 4 internals , Marriott continued .
He held up a book ( " The Magic Garden Explained , The Internals of Unix System V , Release 4 " ) copyrighted 1994 .
He said Unix internals have been in public for over a decade .
This is rather telling ( and mess making - if I had been drinking a cuppa ^_^ ) .
SCO claimed some stuff was theirs as well - until the hackers degreeked it and showed it to be BSD .
I 'm more of the opinion , using the available evidence , that all of SCOs millions of lines of copying is just this - stuff that is freely available from another source ; some of it not even theirs ( possibly [ deriving from ] the " stolen " BSD code that found its way into Unix - USL v BSD ? ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : PeteS on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 06:56 PM EDT
First
A very big thank you to Chris .
I hope ( no offense to you Chris ! ) that there were
others .
More eyes :)
Second
I think Judge Wells just gave SCOX enough rope to hang themselves , at least on
this motion .
She 'll allow it , * but she will allow an IBM expert rebuttal * .
Sounds to me like ' Hmmm ... if I deny this ( which I could ) , I get a lot of grief .
IBM does n't really object ( Marriot says it does n't really hurt them ) , so I'll
allow it , but I 'll let IBM destroy their expert '
Third
I think it is sad Marc is now in the middle of this .
( Personal opinion ) .
Perhaps
he chose it - who knows .
Fourth
Judge Wells has given IBM a target .
' Here you go IBM .
I will let it in , but you
get to rebut it .
Show me [ especially with this new declaration ] how they have
wilfully ignored me and I 'll actually do something about it '
Just my take .
PeteS
---
Artificial Intelligence is no match for Natural Stupidity [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:00 PM EDT
And so here we come down to it : Judge Wells says that they have not argued that until now .
Mr. Singer said that methods and concepts do n't require file , line .
Judge Wells said she does n't remember ever talking about methods and concepts , that we 've always been talking about the code .
Judge Wells said , " Look at the specific orders " .
Stuart said they 've complied where appropriate , that there has not been a requirement for SCO to identify files and lines for methods and concepts .
SCO has been pulling an enormous bait and switch with the court this entire time .
Their entire case is based on the idea that if something " looks like " UNIX , it is UNIX ; their entire theory of infringement is based on the idea that the UNIX copyright applies not just to the actual code , but to the very idea of UNIX itself , as if they had some kind of mutant super - patents .
But SCO has n't wanted to say that out loud .
Instead they 've been allowing the court , both IBM 's arguments and the court 's rulings , to proceed as if this was about actual code .
You know , real infringement .
Now , at the last minute , when it 's demanded where their code is , they suddenly pull aside and reveal what they 've really been arguing this entire time .
We can only hope the court does n't allow them to do this .
Because if it does , then SCO will have pulled off the marvelous trick of sidestepping all of the courts orders up until this point ; the switch means that they can claim -- as they did today -- that the restrictions the court has reasonably ordered on them only applied to their decoy case , not the secret , real argument SCO 's had hidden up their sleeve , and thus SCO does n't have to follow any of those restrictions anymore .
The court notices , as the quote above indicates , that SCO is doing this .
That is n't so much in question .
What is in question is whether the court will allow them to get away with it .
It is possible the court will , despite the late date , say " well , this is a sort of argument you 've never brought to our attention before , and changes what the case is about , but okay , if that 's what you want your case to be about , you can do that , the change is effective " .
If the court takes this route , SCO gets to start their case all over -- again -- at the very end of discovery .
And since they get to start over in a much fuzzier realm , then they get to bring in insane arguments like : Stuart rebuts .
He said that IBM uses an assumption that for every method and concept , there 's source code .
He claims that not supported in case law .
The code is the program .
If it 's not in the code , it 's not in the program .
If it 's not in the program , the program does n't infringe .
We can only hope the court understands the technology well enough to understand this .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : cybervegan on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:05 PM EDT
You must have blisters on your fingers !
Cracking job .
regards ,
-cybervegan
---
Software source code is a bit like underwear - you only want to show it off in
public if it 's clean and tidy .
Refusal could be due to embarrassment or shame ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:11 PM EDT
Authored by : Steve Martin on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:13 PM EDT
[ Marriott ] said that methods and concepts exist in their implementation in code , not just in the air .
I note with interest that Quatermass made exactly that same point earlier .
This makes me wonder if IBM is taking ideas from Groklaw .
Joke .
It is an interesting coincidence , though .
---
" When I say something , I put my name next to it . " -- Isaac Jaffee , " Sports Night " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Jude on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:19 PM EDT
... which , according to SCO 's lawyer , do not have to be embodied in source code ,
then why did SCO demand all that source code from IBM ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : PolR on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:25 PM EDT
First point : Mr. Singer said that methods and concepts do n't require file , line .
I am baffled .
Where the methods and concept could be if not in the code ?
Does n't SCOG have to prove they have been placed into Linux somehow ?
How can they prove it is in Linux without showing the code ?
Or are they going to trial based on emails alone ?
Could the judge believe a proof of SCOG 's claaim by showing emails without reference to code is sufficient ?
Second point :
What law are they going to invoke with their method and concept claims ?
Copyright ?
Trade secrets ?
Contract ?
Other ?
Trade secrets is unlikely since SCOG already dropped that claim , but with them nothing would surprise me .
Perhaps IBM needs another chart showing for each item SCOG has detailed which law has been violated .
Third point :
This case is about methods and concepts for the 198 items discussed today .
We do n't know yet what the case is about for the other items .
I am sure SCOG has some more surprises in reserve .
We will find out when IBM brings the summary judgement motions .
IANAL [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:38 PM EDT
It just sounds like SCO is just continuing to be equivocal as to what their case
is about .
The strategy seems to be do n't give IBM a stationary target .
When
does a Judge say you have run out of time to make a specific accusation ?
One thing I worry about is that methods and concepts would be subject to
privilege as they may be considered trade secrets .
Which may leave us in pretty
much in the dark .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:42 PM
EDT
... that methods and concepts are found in the code , not in thin air ...
Peice of cake .
What could be in " air " ?
Only secrets .
Since most of the stuff already open - they loose that defence .
Even if you look at patents - something closest to defining methods and concepts - you will notice that patent basicly protects right to * implement * the idea / method / concept .
E-mails ( as quoted by SCO ) are not the same as implemetation .
It 's only implementation that can infrige on " methods and concepts " or patent .
People are ( still ) free to talk to each other about anything they like - even about protected idea / method / concept . (*)
I think SCO tried to bluff and failed .
As PJ pointed , IBM cornered SCO to tell what they are after : code or method / concepts .
SCO might have had a slight chance with code .
But recalling evil monopoly IBM of 70s / 80s I 'm sure on methods / concepts they 'll wash court floor with SCO / friends .
They did it as part of business - now as part of defence they suely would n't restrain themselves . (*)
" Talk is cheap .
Show me the code . "
-- Linus Torwalds [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Khym Chanur on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:46 PM
EDT
Stuart rebuts .
He said that IBM uses an assumption that for every method and concept , there 's source code .
He claims that not supported in case law .
Perhaps he 's talking about contract violation by IBM 's developer telling Linux developers about methods and concepts , even if those methods and concepts never made it into Linux ?
Of course , methods and concepts which never made it into the Linux would n't have caused SCO any monetary damages ... ---
Give a man a match , and he 'll be warm for a minute , but set him on fire , and he 'll be warm for the rest of his life .
( Paraphrased from Terry Pratchett ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 07:53 PM EDT
Methods and Concepts are implemented in code , however identifying them by file ,
line number , etc might not be the best way to describe them .
However this
does n't let SCO off the hook .
If version , file , line number is not the ideal way
to identify them , they still must identify the method or concept with sufficient
specificity that IBM can answer SCO 's argument .
They also need to explicitly identify which claims are method and concept claims
because IBM will need to respond differently to those than to allegations of
direct copying .
IBMs main argument against all the methods and concept claims is surely going to
be that copyright law as applied to software has developed to specifically
exclude methods and concepts .
This was established in case law even before
software became patentable in the US , and the subsequent extension of patents to
software can ironically only strengthen the basis for this exclusion .
Sounds like a PSJ on all methods and concepts claims could be called for .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : PolR on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 08:04 PM EDT
How about the remaining ones ?
Those that were not discussed today ?
We seem to think this case is now all about M&C .
Is this true ?
How about
the remaining items where files and lines of code have been identified ?
Do we believe these other items are there just for show ?
That they are decoys to
distract from the M&C argument ?
Or is it too early to draw a conclusion ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : SilverWave on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 08:16 PM EDT
I mean no one expects " The Spanish Inquisition " " Methods and Concepts " ;) ---
RMS : The 4 Freedoms
0 run the program for any purpose
1 study the source code and change it
2 make copies and distribute them
3 publish modified versions [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 08:48 PM
EDT
This is about trade secrets - except when IBM tries to nail down trade secrets ,
and then it is n't .
But it 's about patents - except that there are n't any .
But
it 's about copyrights - except that when IBM tries to nail that down , then it's
about methods and concepts , which are either patents or trade secrets .
Although I think IBM is making progress - there 's not much room for trade
secrets , and patents is dead .
So if IBM can get rid of copyright ( which takes
direct copying ) , then all that 's left is " copyright " of methods and
concepts ( which I 'm sure that SCO will try , but I doubt it will fly with
Kimball ) , or some new protection of methods and concepts that is not trade
secrets , trademark , patents , or copyrights ( which I also expect SCO to try , and
I also expect similar lack of flight in the eyes of Kimball ) , or contracts .
And when it all comes down , this is going to turn into a contract case .
SCO is
trying desperately to avoid that , because the contract is clear enough that
Kimball can rule on it without a jury trial , but SCO is running out of other
places to hide ...
MSS2 [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 08:51 PM EDT
>
Stuart rebuts .
He said that IBM uses an assumption that for every method and
concept , there 's source code .
He claims that not supported in case law .
<
I 'm not going to say what it is but you 've infringed it .
Go away and find out
what you have infringed then pay me for infringing my idea .
Sheeesh , does this make my blood boil !!
Tufty
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 09:01 PM EDT
Whether it is " methods and concepts " or code , we should all remember that SCO distributed Linux under the GPL , even after starting legal actions against IBM .
I do n't see how SCO could distribute code under the GPL without the methods and concepts .
That would be saying , " We allow you to distribute this code and / or alter it and distribute it with source code , as long as the methods and concepts are different " .
This could only make sense on PlanetSCO [ TM ] .
It could happen that they distributed Linux under the GPL without knowing it contained their code .
[ Gee , that 's too bad , they distributed it under the GPL and have no one but themselves to blame . ]
But I say it is impossible that they did not know it contained " their " " methods and concepts " .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Yossarian on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 09:02 PM EDT
> on that item was able to demonstrate that it was publicly
> available and published by Intel , line for line , in 1989 .
(!) ( The ! is not about Intel doing so but about SCO not
realizing that semi-public knowledge till it was way too late . )
This explains why Intel fought so hard against SCO 's subpoena .
It seems like Intel sent a clear message that it is not IBM .
If SCO will try to use legal ways to harass Intel then Intel
will find legal ways to make SCO sorry for doing so , FAST .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Yossarian on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 09:26 PM
EDT
> Stuart rebuts .
He said that IBM uses an assumption that
> for every method and concept , there 's source code .
> He claims that not supported in case law .
It seems like IBM has a good technical point , namely , " the
judge ordered X , you did Y . "
Assuming that SCO has a point
( IANAL ) , why did not SCO raise that point after the judge
had ordered X ? I mean , arguing this point could mean a
longer delay , a positive result from SCO 's point of view .
Now IBM that , as we all know , has lawyers with first - rate
legal technique , may be able to use the judge 's wordings ,
in four different orders , to destroy most of SCO 's case .
If the judge will say , correctly , " you should have raise
this issue when I had given my first order , " what legal
answer will SCO have ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 09:28 PM EDT
SCOx would love to get a naked " Methods and Concept " arguement as the focus of a JURY .
A judge already said that UNIX stuff was out there and that USL could not put it back in a can .
So - now SCOx is trying to do just that !
It has been methods and concepts all along , as they know that they can not win on the code .
If they can get the judge to agree to argue Methods and Concepts then this makes this legal and they will then go to every court in the country and say look this judge says we can argue methods and concepts so we are going to sue all these companies for infringement based on this methods and concepts .
I have been saying this all along !
The judge needs to know about USL vs BSDI and that USL did not own methods and concepts , period and that Methods and Concepts is not a copyright arguement at all .
If the judge gets confused about being out there alone on this , with no evidence of a previous ruling on UNIX's IP , it the trade secrets etc loss that USL suffered vs BSDI ... , then if a JURY sees this " Methods and Concepts " , then the whole case is a coin toss to see how smart a JURY really is .
Think OJ ... if the glove do n't fit , you gotta_______!
Methods and Concepts will be drilled and drilled and drilled into the jury and the rhythem and the music of it will enter their heads like a rap song ... they will be singing it and dreaming it in their sleep , and all the code mumbo jumbo and the complexity will be overridden by the easy to sing and think about " Methods and Concepts " .
It will be just like the magic played by the street magicians with the card games or the shell game that you never will win .
This is not about logic or code or the fact that AT&T never kept their stuff private ( that a judge has already said they did not ) !
It is about the emotion of the JURY and the guess that they will be making about " methods and concepts " !
Hey -
If IBM loses then UNIX and everything LINUX will be basicly proprietary .
What infringer would want to go to trial against SCOx on a " Methods and Concepts " arguement before today 's jury pool of our tech knowledgable peers !
Hey ya gotta wonder if IBM does not care , they profit by hardware , services , and databases ... they do n't care what the price of the OS is that is !
LINUX folks need to enter this case now !
Otherwise , their interests will be decided without their even being able to defend themselves properly ....!
IBM is not LINUX .
For IBM
Linux is just an option ( they still got AIX that the ownership contracts are solid on ) !
It has been my bet hat every bit of energy on this legal chess board ... is being spent not to have any of the history of USL vs BSDI admitted for the judge to see in this case .
The judge in USL vs BSDI ruled in an injunction in a way that was not very favorable to AT&T 's USL attempts to recover lost and openly developed code ( steal it back from the universities and others who were part of the BSD efforts ) .
SCOx today is trying to backdoor the USL case .
SO this is why the judge should be made aware of the thought process of another judge , who already ruled on pretty much the same thing AGAINST USL ( AT&T ) .
USL was saying in the early 1990s we own UNIX ( including trade secrets and all , including one would think methods and concepts ) !
Is SCOx saying anything else today ?
What would a judge today , think about a ruling that smashed USL's " we own UNIX " actions of the early 1990's ?
Does the judge even know about USL vs BSDI , is so then prove to me that the judge in SCOx vs IBM is so informed , there has been nothing filed that even mentions this by IBM or SCOx .
So - it is about time that someone told the judge today that a judge has already been all over this before .
Google : Documents about USL vs. BSDI
USL vs. BSDI documents .
In view of the interest in the newly - launched suit by
SCO against IBM , I thought it might be of interest to make available some of ...
USL v. BSDi - Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
BSDi's 1-800 - ITS - UNIX telephone number violated USL 's trademark on UNIX .
...
However , in November of 2004 , a copy of the USL v. BSDi settlement agreement ..
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 09:41 PM EDT
So describe with specifics which methods and concepts are infringing .
and while you 're at it , show us proof that you own the rights to such under
patent , trade mark or some other proper method .
And remember concepts and methods are not covered by copyright , its more a
patent thing - which you dont own
or a trade mark thing - which you dont own
or a trade secret thing - which you dont own .
and even if it is copyright ( somehow ) show us you own it , and have the rights to
it , and control it .
Did we forget to mention how you explain the whole UL mess ?
and what are the exact specifics that allow us to identify what is actually
misused ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : sk43 on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 09:58 PM EDT
[ Singer ] said that IBM uses an assumption that for every method and concept , there 's source code .
He claims that not supported in case law .
Even taking Mr. Singer at his word , most of the 198 items list Linux source code files , but not SysV or Dynix or AIX files .
If a method and concept does not need to be tied to source code , then why are Linux files listed at all ?
For entertainment purposes ?
If Linux files can be identified , why can't files from SysV / AIX / Dynix be too ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : joel on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 10:06 PM EDT
Just a couple of additional comments from the hearing .
Chris has done an admirable job , especially under the
circumstances .
First , Mr. Singer tried tenaciously to
divert attention from the motion before the court by
reintroducing SCO's old arguments regarding " methods and
concepts " .
Interestingly , he tried to make everyone
believe that since " methods and concepts " do not require
specific versions , lines , and code , they were fully in
compliance with the courts and IBM 's orders and requests .
If you like dancing around the issues and smoke &
mirrors , Mr. Singer was really good .
Also ,
He spoke very
rapidly .
How Chris got as much as he did was truly
miraculous .
When I grew weary of the same old same old , I
wrote in my notebook " Methinks Mr. Singer doth protest too
much " .
Shortly afterward , Her Honor apparently had
similar inclinations , as she cut him off with something to
the effect of " I do n't want to hear that .
We 're not going
there " , to my great relief .
Mr. Marriot , as usual , was quite adept at trying to
keep the arguments on target .
For me , his crowning
achievement occurred during his final summary when he said
" SCO is willingly sitting on its allegations and
contentions " , after which he drew out IBM 'S first
Interrogotory ( sp ? ) and pointed out that IBM had requested
that SCO define explicitly what their allegations and
contentions were .
He noted further that SCO still has not
complied with proper specificity , which seriously hampers
IBM "s efforts to defend theselves , therefore the motion
should stand .
Lastly , the Linux contingent was quite sparse today .
I counted four of us initially .
I know many of you would
have loved to be there .
I regret that I unable to more
adequately express the expressions an elucidations of
those involved .
It was fairly intense , and lasted 2
hours .
cheers , joel [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : jdg on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 10:08 PM EDT
[ IANAL ] and this is tinfoil time ]
There has been speculation that MS is , directly or indirectly , behind this whole
exercise .
The lynch - pin of argument is clearly Methods and Concepts .
Is MS
after killing this concept so that they have greater freedom to pull material
from other parties .
They have been losing often in legal disputes and it costs
them a bundle .
Are they trying to shoot down a strawman here ?
Thus is MS wins
by either : a ) SCO wins or has great success casting uncertainy about Linux
legality ; or b ) the M&C card goes down in flames .
---
SCO is trying to appropriate the " commons " ; do n't let them [ IANAL ] [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : blacklight on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 10:14 PM EDT
SCOG claims that its disclosures meet the requirements of specificity , despite
the fact that they make ZERO effort to link source code to actual infringement .
This raises the question : what were these clowns looking at , that motivated them
to sue IBM for infringement ?
Source code , of course , with Darl the Snarl 's three
teams of deep divers .
And how did these clowns decide that IBM was infringing ,
if they were n't looking at the source code LINE BY LINE ?
What I am getting is that SCOG is deliberately refusing to comply with judge
Wells ' orders , which require that the infringements be linked to actual lines of
source code .
Period .
If judge Wells contravenes her own orders , then IBM should
immediately appeal : in American jurisprudence , the accused has the right to know
with specificity what the charges and allegations against him are .
And I will
say bluntly that judge Wells has complaisantly violated this Constitutional
principle since 2003 .
---
Know your enemies well , because that 's the only way you are going to defeat
them .
And know your friends even better , just in case they become your enemies .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 10:27 PM EDT
This hearing was simply SCO changing horses in mid-stream ( again ) .
The SCO
lawyers certainly get an " A " for creativity .
I 'm actually impressed
with the new " methods and concepts " path -- how they stood in front of
the judge without giggling shows great self - control .
Guess that 's why they get
the big bucks .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 10:38 PM EDT
Does SCO has control over AIX and or Dynix / PTX ?.
I see a lot of accusation
based on those products but none from SysV in this hearing .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , April 14 2006 @ 11:55 PM EDT
without any evidence .
Follow the pea as it shuffles endlessly .
Grow entranced and dazed by the maze of meaningless
arguments .
This is all misdirection !
IBM knows that TSCOG has no evidence .
The judges know that
TSCOG has no evidence .
So , do they ignore the elephant in the
courtroom or whittle this abomination of a case down to the size
of a pea ?
TSCOG cannot trace the code from something that TSCOG owns
into Linux .
Simple .
Their dance today reveals this truth .
UNIX is a family of OSs .
UNIX distributions are SW encyclopedias .
TSCOG 's analogies apply to isolated songs or stories , so nothing
TSCOG has said about nonliteral copying of concepts or methods
could ever apply in this case .
Straight to the heart of this case ,
an OS has just what the OS needs without copying being
implied .
For the SW challenged like TSCOG , every encyclopedia
needs an article on crimes like pump and dump , libel , fraud ,
extortion , and RICO .
It plainly does not imply nonliteral copying
of encyclopedias or OSs . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : AllParadox on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 12:42 AM
EDT
And after it was all over , I said to myself :
" Is that all there is ? "
" Is that all there is to this horrid little lawsuit ? "
The Peggy Lee song goes :
Is that all there is ?
Is that all there is ?
If that 's all there is , my friends , then let 's keep dancing .
Let 's break out the booze and have a ball ,
If that 's all there is .
Dear Reader , please do not forget that Caldera , on January 23 , 2002 , granted
something to you , me , and IBM .
I am referring to the infamous " Ancient Unix " grant from Caldera .
You , I , IBM , and everyone else , received the unlimited right to use all the
" Methods and Concepts " contained in the " ancient UNIX "
operating systems .
" Unlimited " is a fairly broad term in my dictionary .
The attorneys for " The SCO Group " keep bringing up Harry Potter .
The
case is not apropos ( apropos : a $ 27.29 lawyer word that means
" relevant " . )
J.K. Rowling never gave any Harry Potter plots to the
public , much less all of them prior to a specific date .
This also completely ignores the broad literal terms of the IBM - AT&T
contract where IBM received its ' initial rights , and the Project Monterey terms
that specifically drafted for this situation .
If these folks are claiming " methods and concepts " , then IBM has a
right to know * which * methods and concepts , so that they have a fair chance to
rebut those that are rebuttable .
" The SCO Group " does not have copyrights on all the methods and
concepts in UnixSysV .
They have , at most , only the copyrights on the extensions
from ancient Unix , and then only if the extensions really are new methods or
concepts .
---
PJ deletes insult posts , not differences of opinion .
AllParadox ; retired lawyer and chief Groklaw iconoclast .
No legal opinions ,
just my opinion .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : dbc on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 02:03 AM EDT
SCO did n't say " This method and concept comes from Unix Sys V , R4 , file xyz , lines 67 - 278 and can be shown to be implemented in Linux version 2.4.16 , file xyz_1.c , lines 120-400 and this admission / submission / email / whatever shows IBM caused it to be put there . "
That 's what 's missing from SCO 's final disclosure .
Seems to me this is where it falls appart for SCO .
Let 's sit in the judge 's chair for a moment .
And let 's be a hard working , competent , and analytical judge .
Now , the rules of procedure require us to allow plaintiff to make their case at this point .
But within that framework , we do everyone ( including ourselves ) a big favor by using this opportunity to simplify .
So , we go over each item one by one and ask :
Are specific lines of code in a specific file and version mentioned , like I ordered ?
Failing that , let 's , for the sake of argument , ask :
Is a specific method or concept called out ?
If a method or concept is called out , does SCO tell us where it originated , down to at least a file and version ?
Did SCO tell us where it went , down to at least a file and version ?
Given previous rulings , those are pretty generous tests .
Frankly , too generous all things considered .
Yet , I do n't see how more than a handful of claims could survive those tests .
The judge has a golden opportunity to simplify the case .
Smart judges are all over those , just from a purely pragmatic standpoint .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : webster on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 02:15 AM EDT
1 . ( This is a second reaction as of the 4th update . )
Ah , a hearing day .
Who
could concentrate with the rumbling of refresh buttons ?
PJ 's article had the
first news rather than a comment .
That is fitting .
No shooting SCO from the
hip .
The Judge is taking the motion " under advisement . "
Slow by
internet time , but due course by Court time .
Nature abhors a vacuum and Court
abhors excitement and sensationalism .
Why announce a decision when you can
write it later after some thought ?
Patience , my friends .
I think these Judges
know what they are doing and they are in control .
Since neither party is
pressing them for anything drastic , they are letting the case take its due
course .
There are many more motions to come , some more important than this one .
There are a number of principles to be learned from this week .
2 . The first principle is " what goes around comes around . "
Or
" as ye sow so shell ye reap . "
SCO seems to have gotten away with a
few things this week : filing late , serving poorly , throwing in a late expert ,
seizing the last word or filing on an opponent 's Motion , stonewalling on
specificity ...
It appears that the Judge has bent over backward to accomodate
them .
IBM has appeared to acquiesce at times .
Marriott must have suppressed
his lawyer reflex when he stated that the late SCO Expert Declaration would not
hurt IBM .
Of course , he more than any one could have argued that it would .
IBM
has earned a lot of Brownie points .
Just think how far backward and how many
times , the Judge is going to have to accomodate IBM when the time comes .
They
are going to be allowed to pull a few obvious fast ones before the Judge has to
worry about being fair to both sides again .
3 . The second two principles are : 2 ) You need to follow the rules .
3 ) You
ca n't try a case without specificity .
Consider : this week ; and the next ten
days ; and then whatever happens in this Motion ( replies , surreplies ,
oppositions ) ; and the wait until a decision is rendered ; ( reargument ? ) , as an
example of what happens when you violate these principles .
Look what has
happened without specificity and finality ?
Delay and a waste of time .
Imagine
going into a trial without complete discovery and specificity .
Whenever SCO
tries to introduce anything new , IBM can demand a recess , deposition of the
proposed new witness , investigation of the evidence , and time to consult their
own experts .
Imagine a ten day recess every time SCO tries to introduce
something previously undisclosed .
You can't have a trial that way and the
Judges know it .
There will be a specified list of allegations as discovery
requires .
SCO will not be permitted to introduce or argue anything else .
If
this were not so , the trial would take three years .
4 . Why is SCO so specifically vague ?
All that the SCO lawyers think they can
ethically argue is the " One- Sentence Derivative Contract Theory " which
they know is pitifully weak [ and which I doubt specifies Methods and Concepts . ]
They would simply love to begin recorded history with SysV Code and trace its
Concepts and Methods through history , compare it to a claim on good grammar .
It
evolves a little bit , but they want to claim perpetual credit .
It appears that
whenever they try and specify any of it , it gets shot down .
There selections
when researched prove not to be original with them or even their immediate
predecessor .
These Unix Methods and Concepts have been widely dispersed , like
genericly engineered corn being blown into the fields of naturally engineered
corn .
So it has become this wild , bastard code - type upon which many have drawn
and shared , promiscuously .
Even the SCO expert has been spreading them for
years .
We 'll spare him for now , see below .
SCO fears specifying these Methods
and Concepts because they will be found to be pervasive and free .
Indeed if
they were to specify the versions , for some specific Method and Concept , they
well might specify all versions of Unix , AIX , Dynix , Windows and Linux .
Better
to try and get over without specificity than to be knocked out for too much
specificity .
**** " I think SCO knows it too , that is why they are fighting so hard
here .
They know that IBM can refute all of their claims that contain
specifics . "
****
Comment above by ibb
5. More of My Method and Concept of SCOranting .
Why is it not possible to
locate methods and concepts with specficity ?
It is .
Compare a Method and
Concept to claiming rights to a plot , such as that recent DaVinci Code Decision
denying a claim based on plot .
SCO realizes that their Theory is a little loose .
So loose that they are loathe to specify .
By using SCO 's own loose theory , IBM
can specify an antecedent Concept and Method whence theirs derives .
They could
even use Medieval algorithms as guiding precedents , or Rothkinds books .
6 . Let 's not be rough on Mr. Rothkind .
If IBM had approached him first , I'm
sure he would have done the same for them .
He answered true to his principles ,
if not methods and concepts .
I 'm sure IBM will still use him because much of
what he knows does not support SCO .
IBM will question him with his own books .
And who could n't use a little Spring Break money .
7 . One way or another Kimball will have final say on the specificity issue .
He
does not run a loose courtroom .
Between IBM and SCO 's charts , there will be
list of accusations with sufficient , defensible specificity , before this trial
begins .
We are approaching Kimballs time limit and his line in the sand .
SCO
is not going to have much specified when the Dispositive Motions flow .
Then
what Methods and Concepts will they use to bore Kimball out of his astonishment .
After this case , he can retire and do arbitrations for amusement .
---
webster
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 02:20 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 02:36 AM EDT
" McBride : ...
There are things out there that help people understand how to program to System V application binary interfaces [ ABIs ] , to help them hook up to the OS .
It was out there to help people write applications .
It was n't published to help someone knock off the OS and create a free version of System V. "
I have a slightly - dog - eared copy of " The Magic Garden Explained " ( 1994 ) in front of me .
Unless there 's something buried in the depths of the text , I can see nothing in the book that says what the contents are allowed to be used for and what they can not be used for .
McBride 's declaration that it could n't be used to create a free System V is wishful thinking on his part .
From the front matter of the book : " This book contains copyrighted material of Novell , Inc. , which is being reproduced with permission .
The authors thank Novell , Inc. for giving them permission to use this material .
The authors wish to state that this book is presented entirely with the intention of disseminating knowledge to professionals and academics who have an interest in the subject .
It represents neither the views not the commercial interests of the organization in which they are employed . " ( underlining mine )
Now I 'm not a lawyer , but a simple reading of that , to me anyway , seems to indicate that the copyright holder ( Novell ) had no problem whatsoever with all those oh - so - valuable System V details getting out into the world .
Funny how SCO seems to think they can put the genie back into the bottle .
--
RT [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : error27 on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 03:33 AM EDT
This must be the email that Martin Bligh wrote .
It says that there was a user who hated a feature in Dynix and Martin was responding that Linux was going to be completely different .
That 's clearly a copyright violation if you ask me .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Martin Bligh email - Authored by : jig on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 03:40 AM EDT
Authored by : jig on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 03:37 AM EDT
agg .
this wo n't be read by many ...
anyway
this seems to have a parallel in the EU case against microsoft , though maybe not
in our favor .
MS offered their network code as sufficient response to the EU
demand , but the EU told them it was n't enough because the code by itself did n't
easily convey the methods and concepts needed to use the standards within ( and
that it did n't offer the standards in an open manner , but that 's a side issue ) .
sco seems to be tackling this from the other side , saying that they 'll give the
general idea , but that it 's immpossible to convey with just lines of code .
now , this is an incomplete argument on their part because they have n't listed
( at least in an unsealed doc ) what the methods and concepts are in specificity .
but , i think the table they have from their expert does have such ... so it might
only be incomplete to us .
i'm also ignoring the procedural misstep by trying to pull a switch and bait ( i
wrote that backwards on purpose ) on the court by hammering the " lines and
files " idea for so long and then all of a sudden arguing esoteric methods
and concepts .
they might have just strung the court along long enough to educate
it on what the os and source code and etc mean enough so that they can pose this
argument without being laughed out of court for insubstantive standing , which is
what could have happened at the beginning if this is what they brought to the
table .
but , that 's probably giving them too much credit .
they are squirming , falling to
plan b , c and d , and trying to prolong the whole party , maybe even get to trial
with some esoteric concepts that a judge might be able to sort through , but that
will probably give them a better than 50 - 50 chance with a home team jury of
" peers " who can be swayed with bluster and irrationality more easily
than with cold facts .
ALSO ,
while the harry potter suit is interesting , a more appropriate decission for IBM
to consider is the recent one involving the Di Vinci Code .
Just because two
works discuss the same topics in similar ways does n't mean there was
infringement involved , ESPECIALLY in works based off of academic work and
publications .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : geoff lane on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 04:52 AM EDT
Is this really going to end up as just a " Look & Feel " argument ?
I thought that the courts had already decided that just because two programs have a simpler external behaviour there was no infringement .
" Methods " must surely depend on trade secrets and we already know that there are none of those left for Unix .
" Concepts " are just ideas with a fancy name and we know that there is no copyright on ideas .
It 's possible that patents would be applicable , but TSG does n't have any relevant to the case .
So , has TSG just given up on code after arguing for years they had specific examples ?
---
I 'm not a Windows user , consequently I 'm not
afraid of receiving email from total strangers .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 05:17 AM EDT
Sorry , I have n't been visiting Growlaw for a while and forgot my login / password .
And this may be a stupid question .
One thought just came to mind .
AFAIK , BSF still has its fees capped , right ?
Or
at the very least , quite limited .
So in a sense , the longer this lawsuit drags
on , the less BSF earns in relation to the amount of work put in .
By now BSF knows it can't hope to win , so how long until one of their lawyers
makes a " mistake " that effectively ends this lawsuit ?
Yeah , I know ... it's just a dream .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : rsteinmetz70112 on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 05:40 AM EDT
It occurred to me that SCOG has now built a pile of theories under which they
claim virtually all software is under their control .
First there was the actual Unix code .
Second there was the code developed by the licensees derived from the Unix
code .
Third there were the methods and concepts embodied in One and Two above .
Now fourth is all of the code which employs Negative Know How .
This last claim will soon be expanded to include any code which does not use any
Unix code or Unix methods and concepts because that could only happen due to
Negative Know How .
Clearly if someone did n't use the methods and concepts
embodied in Unix , it was because they improperly knew all about them and
obfuscated their code to avoid paying SCOG their licensing fee .
---
Rsteinmetz - IANAL therefore my opinions are illegal .
" I could be wrong now , but I do n't think so . "
Randy Newman - The Title Theme from Monk
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 07:21 AM EDT
> Judge Wells asked Stuart Singer : " How do you address that
> you maintain custody of the allegations and not provide
> them to IBM ? "
Stuart denied that and said that if there is
> something new that SCO brings up , IBM can object at that
> time .
Oh yes :
Now they can bitch endlessly over each and every of the 198 items .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Jude on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 08:33 AM EDT
I have a hunch what Boies is up to : I think he wants to bury the jury in
mind - numbing testimony .
SCO has been unable to find code that embodies these 198 items , despite having
all the of source code and all the experts they cared to consult .
If these
items go to trial , I think each one will require a lot of testimony about
abstract concepts that a jury would have difficulty following .
The jury would
have even more trouble keeping track of them all .
Even if each one gets only an hour of testimony , these 198 items could take over
a month of trial time .
The testimony could take a large fraction of a year if
each item is examined in detail .
The jury will be worn out long before this can
be finished .
I think Boies is counting on them giving up and deciding that
there must be SOME guilt if there are so many accusations .
Another way of looking at it is the old " If you throw enough at the
wall ... " line .
If the jury is 99 % likely to find IBM innocent of each of
these items individually , they 're only 13.6 % likley to find IBM innocent of all
198 of them .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : PeteS on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 08:34 AM EDT
Looking at the Quote database for Darl McBride we see these gems : According to McBride , " obviously Linux owes its heritage to UNIX , but not its code .
We would not , nor will not , make such a claim . "
[ August 2002 ] " IBM has been happily giving part of the AIX code away to the Linux community , but the problem is that they do n't own the AIX code , " [ March , 2003 ]
" But when they take our proprietary code and , without our permission , put that into the open - source community , that is where we do have a major - league problem , " McBride said .
[ March 2003 ]
" We 're finding ... cases where there is line - by - line code in the Linux kernel that is matching up to our UnixWare code , " McBride said in an interview .
In addition , he said , " We 're finding code that looks likes it 's been obfuscated to make it look like it was n't UnixWare code -- but it was . "
[ May 2003 ]
And IBM took the same team that had been working on a Unix code project with us and moved them over to work on Linux code .
If you look at the code we believe has been copied in , it 's not just a line or two , it 's an entire section -- and in some cases , an entire program .
[ May 2003 ] " IBM has chosen to continue the actions that violate our source code and distribution agreements , " [ June 2003 ]
We 're talking about line - by - line code copying .
That includes not just the function but the exact , word - for - word lines of code .
And the developer comments are exactly , 100 percent the same .
[ June 2003 ]
In discovery you get to go in and investigate the things that relate to the case , and there are a broad range of things that relate to Linux and AIX .
We will be going in with a fine - toothed comb and coming up with every detail .
[ June 2003 ]
" When you look inside in the code base and you see line - by - line copy of [ SCO 's Unix ] System V code , not just the code itself but comments to the code , titles that were in the comments and humour elements that were in the comments , you see that everything is taken straight across , " he explained .
McBride claimed that everything was exactly the same , except that the copyright notices had been stripped out .
" There could not be a more straightforward case on the Linux side , " he said .
[ June 2003 ]
And so it goes on , but let 's look at some others Gregory Blepp " ' I have proof right here in my suitcase , " Blepp said in the Spiegel story , translated by a Groklaw reader .
" Out of the five million lines of the Linux source code , there are about 1 ( million ) to 1.5 million lines affected , " Blepp said [ April 2004 ]
Then we have Chris Sontag , of course : Sontag said SCO has found numerous other violations since filing the IBM suit .
" We keep finding more stuff every day , " he said .
" There 's ( allegedly infringing ) code in all the Linux distributions . " [ June 2003 ]
" This shows 80 lines out of 100 that are completely identical to System V code .
This should not be in Linux , " said Chris Sontag [ August 2003 ] `` Their assertions are incorrect .
The source code is absolutely owned by SCO , '' said Chris Sontag , general manager of the company 's software licensing arm .
`` In fact , SCO knows exactly which version of System V the code came from . ''
[ August 2003 ]
I included Darl 's early quotes to give us a flavour of his journey , but I am still amused by all those statements by Officers of SCOX that implicate soure code , yet now they say it 's not there .
PeteS ---
Artificial Intelligence is no match for Natural Stupidity [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : sk43 on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 08:45 AM EDT
Did Singer really say this ?
" ... but that with technologies the code is not required . "
That is not what SCO told the court 2 years ago .
Here is what Heise said in the Feb 6 , 2004 hearing , regarding the providing of specific lines of code with respect to " technologies " :
" We have identified the technology , we just cannot identify the lines because we do n't have their derivative modification source code . "
So , Mr. Singer , could you explain once again why you made Judge Wells order IBM to produce all those versions of AIX and Dynix ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Even better - Authored by : Jude on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 08:50 AM EDT
- Authored by : Jude on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 08:50 AM EDT Brilliant ! - Authored by : jbb on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 04:11 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 09:53 AM EDT
From Darl ...
The analogy I like to use is Vanilla Ice 's " Ice Ice Baby " versus David Bowie and Queen 's " Under Pressure . "
If you just look at the words , I do n't see a copyright violation , but if you listen to the riffs , you can hear where they 're the same .
In the Vanilla Ice case , the words were different , but the music - the notes , the arrangement , the production - was identical .
One could , in fact , hold it up in court and say , " These are identical . "
In SCO 's case , no one ever challenged SCO to prove that the entirety of Linux was identical , but they have to prove that something is identical .
In particular , that IBM copied something .
So far , every time SCO has trotted out an example , its been instantly discreditied - BSD network code ...
Intel code ... X Windows code ... but nothing from SysV , and more specificly , nothing from IBM .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 10:28 AM EDT
I seem to recall SCO saying recently in court and filed documents ( and in the
press many times ) that they have " boxes and boxes " of
" proof " of " literal copying " of " code " .
I can't find the links , but I seem to recall this was filed in their court
papers as well in recent motions - even as recent as the last documents they
filed .
So why is n't anyone calling them on this ?
Especially the judge ?
Is n't it contempt of court or perjury ?
Either they were lying about having proof of literal copying , or they 're lying
now about " methods and concepts "
and what about calling them on the whole M&C stuff anyhow ?
I mean it 's not
like M&C is protected by copyright - they are back at this angle again ,
trying to get copyright to cover something it does n't .
Even in the filings for this hearing and the quotes we see SCO trying to say
that M&C are covered by copyright and it is supported by case law .
uhm ...
what ??
since when ?
anyone out there got a clue ?
and also why no one is throwing the book at them ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 10:41 AM EDT
It looks so similar in physical appearance that David Marriott at one point mistakenly held it up as if it was his own table , then corrected himself saying " refer to * our * table that looks * just like * their table . "
When reading Chris ' report I immediately thought that this is absolutely not a mistake .
Mr Marriott on purpose did this mix - up .
In fact , he could send two messages to different recipients at the same time : to the judge " we are talking about the same things albeit SCO chooses to name them differently " to the masses " you can deduce the content of the Rochkind declaration from the mostly unredacted material , just read ours " .
Whow , this Mr Marriott is surely a really clever guy .
He must be laughing all the way home that he basically made fun of the O'Hara / G2 / etc stunt where she / they and SCO tried to make redacted material available to the public in order to distribute it .
[ Reply to This | # ]
A pleasure to watch - Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 11:33 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 12:07 PM EDT
Note :
I was going to post the following but after searching for
the correct spelling of the last name of Santa Cruse
Operations I know not where but I believe that it does
place some of the actions in contectx so I am posting it
here .
I have a hard time believing that Sun Microsystems bought
Talnet ( sp= ? ) ( the remains of Santa Cruze Operations ) for
their code .
As I see it Novel is attacking on the bases that nothing in
the way of ownership was transfered to Santa Cruze
Operations in US federal court and SuSE is attacking that
what they SCO owned before the purchase of the two
divisions of Santa Cruze Operations is open sourced by
contract .
That leaves
Sun which is not directly in the war
yet to attack on the bases that Santa Cruze Operations did
not sell what The SCO Group says was sold .
From another point of view there is another big dog in the
fight that is very seldom spoke of here on Groklaw that has
a very personal vengeance issue [ or at least if it were me
I would be most vindictive ] which is not being heard from
at all .
Now if I had that type of money and that knowledge
of finance and I did not care in the least about loosing a
few million I am sure that I could arrange some sort of
financial ambush which I am certain is coming
Note to PJ :
I just took a look for the name last name before Sun
Microsystems bought them of the Santa Cruze Operations for
correct spelling .
What I found was a list of character
players but NO list of companies that are players in this
saga
There was AT&T which spin off Unix Systems Laboratories
which was acquired by Novel which sold something to Santa
Cruze Operations who the split two one portion somehow how
becoming part of some company with the name Caldera which
may or may not be the same Caldera [ there were a number of
Caldera companies ] that changed its name to The SCO Group .
Meanwhile the remaining division of Santa Cruze Operations
renamed itself to Ta ????? ( sp= ? ) which was then purchased
by Sun Microsystems .
Now recall Caldera was a part of
United Linux along with SuSE , Mandrake and ???
Linux .
Novel
has just applied for arbitration via SuSE over the United
Linux contract which most Likely has just drug Mandrive
[ successor to Mandrake ] and ???
Linux into the picture since
most likely the arbitration agreement is not based on
English / US law but on continental law .
And !
This is for the SCO / IBM and SCO / Novell which is only
a partial list of companies .
Then there are the other
fights in SCO vs The World .
Some where along the line I
seem to recall that SCO was planning to sue a major bank ,
gosh knows which one , but switched to DilimerChrisler .
If that is not enough then there are the numerous financial
players and PIPE ferries around and their relations ships
which I never have followed closely .
By now I am confused
so I flip off to ?
The Players ?
only to find a list of
people in law firms and no list of companies of financial
firms which of course have lawyers too .
PJ we need a better score card to keep track of all the
companies and participants in this dog fight .
I am lost and
I have read Groklaw since about your third month as a blog .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : El_Heffe on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 12:46 PM
EDT
My biggest fear about this case from the very beginning has been that the judges
lack the technical expertise to see through SCO 's smoke and mirrors .
I 'm encouraged by the fact that Judge Wells seems skeptical of SCO 's sudden
change of course to " methods and concepts " and hopefully she 's smart
enough to figure out that if IBM has indeed mis-appropriated some of SCO's
" methods and concepts " then SCO can easily point to specific lines of
IBM code that uses those methods and concepts .
However , I continued to be dismayed by the fact that IBM has repeatedly pointed
out to the judges that SCO still ( after 3 years ! ) has not presented any specific
evidence and yet it does n't seem to matter -- SCO just says " yes we
have " and the judges seem to accpet that .
---
My dog !
It 's full of rats !
- 2001 a Dyslexic Odyssey .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mossc on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 01:36 PM EDT
IANAL ....
Looking over the reports from the court it seems like TSG has added a couple new categories of alleged violations by IBM / Linux .
Here are the types of violations that have come up in this case .
( at least what I can come up with at the moment )
Some of this is just speculation trying to divine what TSG is really claiming .
Non-contract rights :
copyright infringement - this is what the case was initially about ( at least according to press releases and press coverage ) - Probably most of the stuff shown to the press under NDA were similar files between UNIX and Linux .
They probably did not realize how bad this claim was until the conference with the obfuscated BSD files .
I am guessing all that remains of this category is header / ABI files .
Hopefully this should be removed in PSJ phase .
Header files are non-protectable , also the files in Linux were created independently .
TSG acknowledges this if they use any header files from Linux in their products .
obfuscated code - this has not come up recently in court so I would bet this has been dropped .
non-literal copying - not sure if this is in remaining claims or supported by case law .
TSG copyright definition ( ladder theory ) -
If code was revised many times to the point where it does not contain any of the original code , according to TSG , this could still be a copyright violation if they can verify each successive modification led to the final version .
I think this is a stretch and not supported by case law .
This was the justification for much of the discovery ( hard to tell if they were asking for source code control data for this category or category 8 below )
The work required to research and document this type of alleged violation would be substantial , I also doubt there are any files developed like this starting with system V files and moving to Linux .
copyright after irrevocable license revoked - According to TSG they had the authority to revoke IBMs AIX license .
The justification was for claims that may no longer be in the case .
The license is fully paid and irrevocable .
I would be interested to see patents - TSG do n't own any applicable patents in UNIX .
Not part of the case although Darl stated that microsoft " took a patent license on our technology " trademarks owned by " The Open Group ( tm ) " trade secrets ( is this protected by anything other than contracts once disclosed ? )
" There is no trade secret in Unix system files .
That is on the record .
No problem with that .
" Kevin McBride
Contract rights ( confidential ) :
derivative works ( as in copyright law ) TSG defined derivative works ( as TSG defined does not need to include original code ) ( copyright code from AIX can not be used in other products )
Problem with this theoretical violation is that it does not agree with standard copyright law definition of derivative works and the contract does not redefine the term .
methods and concepts from original works ( should have source lines in Sys V ) presumably must be kept confidential by licensee unless disclosed by another party .
All methods and concepts from System V could be considered disclosed .
methods and concepts from TSG defined derivative works ( should have source lines in AIX / Dynix even if patented by IBM ) - I think this makes no sense in the case of patented works since the very act of patenting a method would disclose it .
methods and concepts without source code ( no idea how this can be defined )
How can this be claimed to be in AIX or Sys V if it was not implemented in source code ?
methods and concepts not used in linux because of knowledge gained by doing it the wrong way in dynix - this is my favorite , we are suing you because you did not make the same mistakes someone else did who once saw some code that had been written by a third party that may have been included in their derivative work .
Random
Thoughts : I am betting that most of the items in the final disclosure fall into the later categories .
They would still need to define most of the details including SYS V or AIX code and sections of contract they feel give them rights to control the material .
Violations of a contract by IBM could not incur a liability for a third party .
Distinctions must be made over what TSG claims they own and what IBM / others own but they TSG claims to control some rights over .
A question of logic .
Why would the contract be intended to prevent disclosure of IBM works that were not part of original product ?
If FOSS was not a big issue at the time how would that harm AT&T more than using code in proprietary product ?
I think the reason this case seems so off the wall is that the decision to start a lawsuit was made first .
Then Caldera / BSF / Canopy / Yarro looked around for a reason to sue and someone to sue .
Looking at Darl McBride 's history I see no indication that he would be competent to run a tech company with a product .
He does however have some experience with litigation .
Not having a good grasp of the linux development environment and the history of UNIX they found some indication they were sure they would be able to find enough to make a lot of noise and get some money .
Even if they only managed to milk some license donations and boost the stock price Caldera assest could be monetized similar to the way Yarro made money on every transaction while at Canopy .
Thoughout this case and the FUD campaign Darl & Co. have disregarded the fact that because Linux / Open source has source code available for all to see that makes it less likely for anyone to contribute inappropriate code because it is immediately obvious .
I find when companies mention their " Intellectual Property " rights they are trying to be vague .
" We 've always been very open with the source code to any institution that wanted it , whether it's a university , government or a corporation . "
Darl McBride [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : argee on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 02:25 PM EDT
Madam Foreman , has the Jury reached a decision ?
Yes your Honor .
What is it ?
We the jury find that IBM has copied code , methods and
concepts from Unix to Linux .
But we cannot say exactly
what , and therefore we cannot say how much damages to award .
---
--
argee [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : GLJason on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 02:43 PM
EDT
Unless SCO could show where the method and concept was in Unix SVRx , they are out of luck .
When they do show that , IBM will have an easy time at summary judgement .
For instance , the book they mentioned that was published in 1994 , " The Magic Garden Explained , The Internals of Unix System V , Release 4 " .
That probably covers a ton of the methods and concepts .
Then we have BSD , which has been public for 15 years with the blessing of AT&T .
Then we have Unix v32 , which Caldera itself made public under a BSD - style license in 2001 I believe .
Unless they can point to a specific section of code that IBM got in 1984 that contains a method and concept that IBM disclosed , and that was still secret at the time of disclosure , they do n't have a chance at summary judgement .
And since they have already been told to disclose all of this , there is no reason that these items should be allowed .
The quote about Harry Potter does n't really have much bearing as they are not claiming copyright infringement .
Methods and Concepts are not copyrightable , and using themes and situations ( which are copyrightable ) from another book is not the same as using methods and concepts of a computer program .
Stuart rebuts .
He said that IBM uses an assumption that for every method and concept , there 's source code .
He claims that not supported in case law .
Show me where in case law a plaintiff has won a case about " methods and concepts " where they have n't had to show how their code even contained those methods and concepts .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : bigbert on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 04:32 PM EDT
" Dis is my car .
It got four wheels an ' go brrm-brrm .
Dere de Linux car .
It
got four wheels an ' go brrm-brrm .
Clearly , ya honour , dey copied our mefids an '
concptts - thingie "
---
4c 69 6e 75 78 20 52 75 6c 65 73 21 [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 05:09 PM EDT
Item 52 , the Wright / Phillips allegation ( not item 2 , as that allegation is not subject to IBM 's present motion to limit ) can confidently be identified as this LKML thread entitled " Semaphores used for daemon wakeup " .
Previously , in an under - appreciated comment here on Groklaw , error27 identified the Bligh allegation ( Item 23 ) as this LKML thread which refers derogatively to Dynix / ptx 's " error event subsystem " .
Item 146 apparently involves Paul E. McKenney 's paper " Differential profiling " published and available for purchase here .
It would be much appreciated if the Groklaw glitterati could pursue these leads .
For example , were these contributions ever actually merged into Linux ?
The status of all 294 allegations and what has so far been revealed about them is tracked on this table of the 294 alleged violations .
-- Old Nob [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 06:26 PM EDT
I 'll apologize in advance in case anyone has already posted this observation , I
have n't had time to read all the posts .
I find it fascinating how in the begining of their claimS SCO stated how there
were hundreds of thousands of lines of UNIX code copied directly into Linux ,
line for line , including the programmer comments .
Now its now longer about
literal copying , it 's about methods and concepts .
Now SCO says you wo n't find
line for line copying .
Personally I think this is a positive development .
Since SCO must become less specific in their claim instead of more specific ,
three years since the start , I do n't think it bodes well for them .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 09:35 PM EDT
I humbly submit the following into evidence .
File : /pub/netware/README
Created : 24 - Jun-1998 Updated : 21 - Aug-1998
This directory on Caldera 's FTP site contains the components of the Caldera ( R ) NetWare ( R ) for Linux ( R ) software .
To download the free three - user version , see the appropriate " INSTALL " file for your Linux distribution .
Each of the " INSTALL " files contains a list of software to download and instructions for installing NetWare for Linux .
Description of contents in this directory :
INSTALL.general - General Linux installation instructions
INSTALL.openlinux - Installation instructions for Caldera OpenLinux users
INSTALL.redhat - Installation instructions for Red Hat Linux users
LICENSE - NetWare Server for Linux license agreement
README - This file README .
pserver - Print Server setup instructions
CHANGES - Description of recent NetWare for Linux updates RPMS / - NetWare client / server , updated utilities , and binaries
SRPMS / - Updated utilities and sources
clients / - NetWare clients for non-Linux systems
col / - OpenLinux 1.2 install / update directory structure
docs / - NetWare guides in HTML format
index - More detailed list of files
patches / - Kernel patches for IPX and streams
rh51 / - Files used for Red Hat(R ) Linux 5.1 installations
update .
NWS4L - Automated update script for OpenLinux 1.2 system
netware - linux / patches /
linux-ipx-COL.patchlinux-ipx -COL.patch 9.68 KB - Jul 18 1998 12:00:00 AM
linux - streams-COL.patchlinux-streams-COL.patch 21.36 KB - Jul 18 1998 12:00:00 AM
streams-1.30.98.tar.gzstreams-1.30.98.tar.gz 280.46 KB - Jul 18 1998 12:00:00 AM
streams.update.tgzstreams.update.tgz 80 KB -Jul 18 1998 12:00:00 AM
.............
$ tar zxvf ../ streams-1.30.98.tar.gz
./
makefile
include /
include / sys /
include / sys/LiS/
include/sys/LiS/poll.h
include/sys/LiS/stats.h
incl ude / sys / LiS/share .h
include/sys/LiS/linux-mdep.h
include/sys/LiS/loop.h< br > include / sys/poll.h
include/sys/strconfig.h
include/sys/strport.h
include/sys/stropts.h
head /
head / stats.c
dirs_made
LSM
scop e
Makefile
LICENSE
LICENSE .README
README
README .PATCH
RE ADME .TEST
README.DEBUG
README.INCL
README.DRVRS
VOLUNTEERS
N OTES
patches.kernel.24-27
COPYING
patches.semaphores
patches.str eams
install.sh
patches.kernel.28-33
..............
$ cat README
Linux STREAMS
Package
CONTENTS
This package gives UNIX ( TM ) SVR4 compatible STREAMS capability to the Linux system .
It consists of the following parts :
1 ) A patch for the kernel ( currently 2.0.24 -33 ) that allows the STREAMS executive to be compiled into the kernel directly or as a module .
See README .PATCH .
$ head README
Linux STREAMS
Package
CONTENTS
This package gives UNIX ( TM ) SVR4 compatible STREAMS capability to the Linux system .
It consists of the following parts :
1 ) A patch for the kernel ( currently 2.0.24 -33 ) that allows the STREAMS executive to be compiled into the kernel directly or as a module .
See README .
PATCH . daniel@omara:~/colstreams$ head README .PATCH Patching the Kernel ===================
The LiS distribution contains patch files that are intended for use with the 2.0.24 -2.0.33 versions of the kernel .
There are patch files for the 2.0.24-2.0.27 kernels and the 2.0.28 -2.0.33 kernels .
You must determine which version of the kernel you are going to patch to continue with this installation .
You can install the STREAMS executive one of two ways
...........
The " evidence " , line numbers , kernel versions , dates , times .
Of course , it 's only LiS. But SUSE 's " implementation of STREAMS " is apparently just ss7 , the decendant of LiS .
Caldera had a long history of working to incorporate STREAMS into Linux in it 's desire to make Linux a branded UNIX .
Google Lasermoon +linux - FT
+ Caldera , there 's plenty of interest .
Newsgroups : comp.os.linux.announce
Subject : Caldera Open Linux Announcement
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
CALDERA OPEN LINUX PRODUCT TO OBTAIN POSIX AND FIPS CERTIFICATIONS , AND THE X/ OPEN BRAND FOR UNIX 95 AND XPG4 BASE 95
Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ( LDAP ) and localization added to Caldera 's product line .
LINUX KONGRESS , BERLIN , Germany May 23 , 1996 Caldera , Inc. today announced that it has acquired additional key Linux technologies and engineers , enabling the company to achieve the X / Open brand for UNIX 95 and other certifications for its next version of the Linux operating system , Caldera Open Linux , upon which Caldera will base its product line beginning this Fall .
Caldera believes the X / Open brand and other certifications are the next steps forward in providing the corporate and government markets with proven Linux technologies and products , which have gained substantial market share among the Internet and development communities during the past several years .
Caldera also today announced plans to add LDAP technologies to Caldera 's product line .
" By developing and publishing source code over the Internet , Caldera and the Linux community are changing the way that an X / Open branded UNIX 95 operating system is developed and distributed , " said Bryan Sparks , President and CEO of Caldera , Inc . " Linux technologies developed by the Internet community have secured market share and application development that rivals the best of established computer industry vendors .
Caldera development and infrastructure efforts will now take Linux technologies and products into companies , governments and other organizations that demand that software undergo rigid standards testing and certifications . "
Caldera has acquired additional Linux technologies from Lasermoon of Wickham , England .
Lasermoon pioneered Linux 's migration towards X / Open standards and other certifications , and held the necessary test suites and membership in The Open Group , the leading consortium for the advancement of open systems .
Ian Nandhra , one of Lasermoon 's co-founders , is now Caldera 's Director of Product Certification .
Caldera has also retained the UNIX systems and Linux expertise of engineers from Linux Support Team ( LST ) of Erlangen , Germany , who will spend the next few months integrating technologies from Lasermoon , Caldera 's existing operating system , additional Single UNIX Specification APIs and Internet technologies , and LST 's Linux 2.2 operating system distribution , including the version 2.0 of the Linux kernel .
The resulting combination of the Linux OS will be called Caldera Open Linux .
It will be POSIX.1 ( FIPS 151 - 2 ) certified , localized and fully compatible with Caldera 's existing products .
Caldera Open Linux , scheduled for release in Q3 1996 , will be published freely with full source code via the Internet to individuals and organizations seeking stable , UNIX systems solutions .
Caldera plans to achieve : POSIX.1 ( FIPS 151 - 2 ) in Q3 1996 ; XPG4 Base 95 ( POSIX.2 , FIPS 186 ) by Q4 1996 ; and X / Open brand for UNIX 95 based on the Single UNIX Specification ( formerly known as SPEC 1170 ) during 1997 .
" The Open Group is very pleased that Caldera has chosen to obtain the X / Open brand for UNIX 95 for its version of the Linux operating system , " said Graham Bird , Director of Branding for the Open Group .
" Once Caldera Open Linux achieves the X / Open brand , it will be qualified to bid business in the open systems market the value of which exceeds $ 16 billion in procurement of X / Open branded products alone . "
Ransom Love , Vice President of Marketing and Sales for Caldera , added , " Our customers are pleased with the capabilities of Caldera 's first product , the Caldera Network Desktop , and are now asking us to provide the X / Open brand , localization , and additional technologies .
Caldera Open Linux will provide this additional functionality and certification capabilities that no existing Linux OS version can provide . "
Caldera made this announcement from Linux Kongress in Berlin , Germany , where the core of Linux developers and vendors worldwide meet each year to discuss accomplishments and future plans for Linux technologies .
At Linux Kongress , Caldera planned to meet with key Linux developers and vendors to discuss how Caldera can best meet the needs of the Internet community , Linux developers and enthusiasts , and the commercial computer industry market all of which are seeking to lower computing costs while increasing the functionality and availability of customizable software systems .
Caldera will collaborate with developers in the Internet and Linux communities to develop and refine technologies that add specific functionality that Caldera 's customers are requesting .
In addition to publishing the source code for Caldera Open Linux , Caldera will provide a significant percentage of net revenues from the product back to the Internet and Linux communities through funding for future technology development .
Caldera is also collaborating with mainstream industry software vendors ( ISVs ) who are porting their products to Caldera 's platform .
Caldera and its partners are delivering products that provide Internet and UNIX systems capabilities at commodity pricing .
LDAP
Caldera also today announced plans to release Lightweight Directory Access Protocol ( LDAP ) services and incorporate LDAP into Caldera 's product line this Fall .
LDAP creates a standard way for Internet clients , Web servers and applications to access directory listings of thousands of Internet users .
" Caldera supports LDAP as a proposed open standard for directory services on the Internet , " said Sparks .
" LDAP will enable Caldera 's customers to access online directory services via the TCP / IP network protocol . "
Caldera Europe
Currently , Caldera 's European business is handled by LunetIX based in Berlin , Germany .
This Fall , Caldera will create Caldera Europe , comprised of employees from both LunetIX and LST .
European customers and resellers seeking additional information about Caldera should contact LunetIX in Berlin at telephone number +49-30-623-5787 or contact Caldera 's Provo , Utah - based headquarters .
The Caldera Linux Operating System
Caldera 's mission includes creating the products , alliances , VAR channel , ISV channel , technical support programs and corporate accountability necessary for an emerging technology to obtain widespread implementation in the business environment .
Using Linux technologies , Caldera has a solid start .
Mirai , a Chicago - based consulting company , polled Webmasters worldwide in 1995 and found that nine percent of World Wide Web servers were running on the Linux operating system ( http://www.mirai.com/survey).
This places Linux second only to Sun technologies as a UNIX systems Web server platform .
Caldera has created a solid foundation on which third party developers can successfully design , develop , distribute or employ services that meet the needs of the expanding market with low product costs for consumers .
Caldera , Inc. , a privately held company established in 1994 , empowers the Internet community , developers , OEMs , channel partners , ISVs , industry partners , consultants and end - users to collaborate , innovate , build and deliver meaningful computing alternatives based on Linux to the business community .
Caldera is at http://www.caldera.com/ or ( 801 ) 229-1675 .
For orders and information call ( 800 ) 850-7779 in the United States or ( 801 ) 269-7012 Internationally .
###
Caldera is a registered trademark ; and Network Desktop , Caldera Solutions CD , and Caldera Open Linux are trademarks of Caldera , Inc. UNIX is a registered trademark , in the United States and other countries , licensed exclusively through X / Open Company Limited .
X / Open is a registered trademark of X / Open Company Limited .
Caldera Press Contact :
Lyle Ball , Senior Manager , Public Relations
lyle.ball@caldera.com , tel : ( 801 ) 229-1675 x305
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE -----
Version : 2.6.2i
iQCVAwUBMbB3CoQRll5MupLRAQG7VAQAlCD/OEO+cwHxCLfvqRCDBJ7mL/SYRIrZ
XYoMu35BljH3wsuFWgBMerCbns04+6CuJqgwtuLIM3yCu6mKjEJUDuPgOSlc+I83 5 fNQHldHs0Z37T 5tjbqI/DbKt+1T5pbwjhped8ZyjyJB5tfH6kRN5+jHKhfxnNSm
VOZRtRBtk9kG6 -----END PGP SIGNATURE ----- --
This article has been digitally signed by the moderator , using PGP .
Finger wirzeniu@kruuna.helsinki.fi for PGP key needed for validating signature .
Send submissions for comp.os.linux.announce to : linux-announce@news.ornl.gov
PLEASE remember a short description of the software and the LOCATION .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , April 15 2006 @ 10:49 PM EDT
A lot of people are interpreting SCO 's laste minute switch to methods and
concepts , as some kind of preplanned action .
While we can't rule that out , another possibility is that they simply are saying
whatever is most expedient at the time .
Go back over the case ....
In no particular order :
In 2003 , when IBM asked for details of SCO 's allegations , SCO first produced a
massive paper dump , then a massive electronic dump , and said " find it for
yourself " .
In late 2003 , when told they need to point out the trade secrets at issue by
Judge Wells , they did n't point out any .
They even said there are n't any in
System V , and that was beyond dispute ( Kevin McBride at December 2003 hearing ) .
They did n't produce any responses to trade secrets questions in the compelled
discovery , but instead dropped the trade secret claim in their case .
One reason
they might have done that , is to be a trade secret , they need to say to whom the
secret has ever been disclosed , and AT&T could n't do that even as far back
as the BSD case .
The methods and Concepts they are talking about now - is
basically a return to their dropped claim , under a new name - and they will
have to show they kept and protected M+C secret ( which AT&T could n't show in
BSD , and which SCO themselves conceded there were none in System V ) , and the
same problems with M+C arise .
In the Summary Judgement motions , they began by claiming Gupta , etc. showed
copyright infringement .
Then they conceded that it did n't , but simply showed
that there was stuff that might be worth investigating .
When they wanted massive discovery from IBM , they said said without it ,
comparison of programs was impossible and would take 25,000 years .
Now they say
comparison is easy , and IBM should do it for themselves - but do n't explain ,
why , if it 's so easy , they did n't fill in the missing boxes for the 198 items .
When it suited them in the 2nd amended complaint , filed in February 2004 , they
alleged both IBM 's contributions to Linux , and IBM 's continued distribution of
AIX after purported license termination , infringed SCO 's copyrights .
They also
made the same issue a centerpiece of their public allegations - including in a
conference call in 2003 , which Mark Heise participated , in which very specific
numbers of supposedly infringing lines contributed by IBM , were named .
But when
IBM brought added their 10th cause of action seeking to clear IBM 's copying of
the whole of Linux ( including IBM 's contributions and others ' contributions ) ,
SCO suddenly claimed that their only copyright issue was about IBM 's continued
distribution of AIX .
Or remember , when they were requesting massive discovery from IBM , they said how
only it would allow them to point out the lines of code at issue .
In December
2005 , in fact * AT THE SAME TIME * or * AFTER * the final disclosures were sent to
IBM , they were still arguing for more massive discovery from IBM , on the basis
it would allow them to point out the lines of code at issue .
But , now , they are
arguing they do n't need to find lines of code , never did , and so on ... it 's not
just the CMVC issue from a year ago - the question is why were they asking for
more of the same in December 2005 , in order to find lines of code , at the same
time as producing disclosures which they NOW argue do not need to include lines
of code .
The same pattern continues in other cases .
They threatened Red Hat with a lawsuit .
When Red Hat sued them first , they
fired a press release back the same day saying they would countersue for
copyright infringement and " conspiracy " .
Then they went to the
Delaware court , saying they never had any issue or controversy with Red Hat .
Or for example , in Novell .
They ask Novell to transfer copyrights .
Then they
suddenly discover , they did n't need to ask Novell , because according to SCO ,
they had the copyrights all along .
Then they say that , Novell has conceded that
SCO owns the copyrights ( even while Novell was vigorously asserting the dispute
was still in progress in private correspondence ) .
Later they argue that
Novell 's assertion is wholly in private , is tantamount to acquiesence , but then
when Novell 's position that the copyrights were not transfered is revealed in
public , they also argue , that it 's tantamount to slander of title .
And I could go on and on and on .
For example , remember the BPF code .
When initially revealed it was supposedly
evidence of " non literal copying " .
Then it was supposedly evidence of
their supposed ability to detect similar code ( no matter that they never own
BERKLEY Packet Filter ) .
A year later , as noted earlier , their supposedly
amazing code detection abilities disappeared , and the only code comparison
possible was manually comparing sheets of paper , to take 25,000 man years .
And I could still go on and on and on .
In short there 's a real simple hypothesis that could explain SCO 's behavior :
1 . There is no master plan
2 . They decided to be nuisance ( by suing )
3 , They just say whatever seems expedient at the time .
I do n't know how one would go about proving or disproving this hypothesis - but
to me the hypothesis seems consistent with those facts that I 'm aware oof .
Quatermass
IANAL IMHO etc [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , April 16 2006 @ 12:07 AM EDT
The Rochkind declaration seems to be a table , not unlike IBM's , but that has different information on each of the things .
It appears to specify what SCO * did * include for each allegation and whether it meets the requirements for a Methods and Concepts allegation ( with , of course , lots of filled in check boxes ) .
The table , on a couple of plain sheets of paper , was held up for reference by both Stuart Singer and David Mariott .
The table 's columns were explained .
It looks so similar in physical appearance that David Marriott at one point mistakenly held it up as if it was his own table , then corrected himself saying " refer to * our * table that looks * just like * their table . "
Hmm ...
Maybe IBM should claim that they developed the " Methods and Concepts " that were used to design their table .
And that SCO has now violated their copywrite in designing their " Rochkind declaration " table to look similar .
After all people wanting to use the IBM table could become confused and end up using the SCO table instead .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ExcludedMiddle on Sunday ,
ZPB -TTF - TrueType font file access for Common Lisp
Abstract TrueType fonts have a publicly documented file format .
ZPB - TTF is a TrueType file parser that provides an interface for reading typographic metrics , glyph outlines , and other information from the file .
It is available under a BSD - like license .
The latest version is 1.0.3 , released on July 18th , 2013 .
TrueType is a registered trademark of Apple Computer , Inc. Download shortcut : http://www.xach.com/lisp/zpb-ttf.tgz
Contents
Limitations
ZPB -TTF has the following limitations :
is not a rasterizer ; it will not produce bitmaps
is not a scaler ; all units are unscaled values directly from the font file
only works with fonts that have a Unicode character map
has been tested on a limited number of fonts
Overview
Font files are loaded by creating font loaders .
A font loader has information that applies to the font as a whole , such as its overall bounding box and other typographic metrics , the number of glyphs it contains , and a character map that can be used to convert a character set index into a glyph index meaningful to the font loader .
A font loader can also be used to create and find glyphs .
A glyph object has information about an individual glyph such as typographic metrics and its outline .
Glyph outlines are made up of arrays of control points .
An array of control points is called a contour .
Contours define the shape of the glyph .
For example , in most fonts , the glyph for the character # \I has one contour defining its outline .
The glyph for the character # \O has two contours : one for the outer edge , and one for the inner edge .
This documentation is not meant to be a substitute for the TrueType file format documentation .
For file format details , see the specifications from either Apple or Microsoft .
Glyph Example
This image is a rendering of the Greek small letter lambda ( U+03 BB ) from the Times New Roman TrueType font .
The visualization was programmed by Frederic Jolliton and rendered with CL - VECTORS .
The dark gray grid lines represent the axes of the glyph coordinate system .
Light grid lines are drawn at intervals of 256 em - square units .
Black squares represent the control points returned from CONTOUR .
Solid black squares are points on the outline ( ON - CURVE - P returns true ) , and hollow black squares are not on the outline .
Solid red squares represent implicit control points on the glyph outline ; they are not in the original contour , but they would be returned in a new contour created with EXPLICIT - CONTOUR - POINTS .
The alternating blue and green portions of the glyph outline represent the separate segments whose start , control , and end points were bound with DO - CONTOUR - SEGMENTS .
The ZPB - TTF Dictionary
[ Function ]
open - font - loader font - file - designator => font - loader
Creates and returns a font - loader object from font - file - designator , which should be either a pathname , pathname namestring , a stream , or a font - loader object .
[ Function ]
close - font - loader font - loader =>
Closes any open resources held by font - loader .
[ Macro ]
with - font - loader ( font - loader font - loader - designator ) &body body =>
Performs body with font - loader bound to a font - loader object created as if with ( open - font - loader font - loader - designator ) .
Automatically closes the font - loader when finished .
[ Function ]
glyph - count font - loader => number
Returns the number of glyphs available in font - loader .
[ Function ]
name - entry - value name - designator font - loader => string
Returns an entry from the TrueType " name " table , which contains human - readable values for copyright info , trademark notices , creator names , and the like .
name - designator may be either an integer ID from the table of NameIDs in the TrueType " name " table specification , or a keyword designating such an ID .
Valid keywords and their IDs are : Keyword ID :COPYRIGHT -NOTICE 0 :FONT -FAMILY 1 :FONT - SUBFAMILY 2 :UNIQUE -SUBFAMILY
3 :FULL-NAME 4 :NAME -TABLE -VERSION 5 :POSTSCRIPT -NAME 6 :TRADEMARK -NOTICE 7 :MANUFACTURER-NAME
8 :DESIGNER 9 :DESCRIPTION 10 :VENDOR -URL 11 :DESIGNER-URL
12 :LICENSE-DESCRIPTION
13 :LICENCE-INFO -URL 14 :RESERVED 15 : PREFERRED-FAMILY
16 : PREFERRED-SUBFAMILY
17 :COMPATIBLE -FULL 18 :SAMPLE -TEXT 19
If the font does not provide any " name " table entry for the given name - designator , returns NIL .
[ Function ]
find - name - entry platform - id language - id name - id font - loader => name - entry
This is the low - level interface used by NAME - ENTRY - VALUE .
platform - id , language - id , and name - id should be integer ID values from the TrueType " name " table specification .
If the combination of IDs is found in the name table , a name - entry object is returned , otherwise NIL is returned .
[ Function ]
value name - entry => string
Returns the string value of a name - entry object .
[ Function ]
italic - angle font - loader => number
Returns the typographic italic angle of font - loader .
[ Function ]
underline - thickness font - loader => number
Returns the typographic underline thickness of font - loader .
[ Function ]
underline - position font - loader => number
Returns the typographic underline position of font - loader .
[ Function ]
fixed - pitch - p font - loader => boolean
Returns true if font - loader is fixed pitch ( all glyphs have the same width ) .
[ Function ]
units / em font - loader => number
Return the number of units in the typographic em-square of font - loader .
[ Function ]
ascender font - loader => number
Returns the typographic ascender value of font - loader .
[ Function ]
descender font - loader => number
Returns the typographic descender value of font - loader .
[ Function ]
line - gap font - loader => number
Returns the typographic line gap of font - loader .
[ Generic function ]
postscript - name object => string
Returns the Postscript name of object , which may be a glyph or a font - loader .
[ Function ]
full - name font - loader => string
Returns the full name of font - loader .
[ Function ]
family - name font - loader => string
Returns the family name of font - loader .
[ Function ]
subfamily - name font - loader => string
Returns the subfamily name of font - loader .
[ Function ]
all - kerning - pairs font - loader => list
Returns a list of all the kerning pairs available in font - loader .
Each element of the list is itself a list , with three elements : a left glyph , a right glyph , and a numeric kerning offset .
[ Function ]
glyph - exists - p character - designator font - loader => boolean
Returns true if font - loader has glyph data for character - designator .
[ Function ]
index - glyph index font - loader => glyph
Returns the glyph at index in font - loader .
[ Function ]
find - glyph character - designator font - loader => glyph
Returns the glyph for character - designator in font - loader .
If character - designator is an integer , it is treated as a Unicode code - point and the corresponding glyph is fetched from the font .
If character - designator is a character , its char - code is used as a Unicode code - point for lookup .
Note :
If the char - code s of characters the Lisp implementation do not correspond to Unicode ( or a subset ) , this may not return the expected glyph .
If font - loader does not contain any glyphs for character - designator , the " missing glyph " glyph is returned .
To test for the existence of a glyph without returning the " missing glyph " glyph , use GLYPH - EXISTS-P .
[ Generic function ]
bounding - box object => # ( xmin ymin xmax ymax )
Returns the bounding box of object , which may be a glyph or a font - loader .
[ Generic functions ]
xmin object => value
ymin object => value
xmax object => value
ymax object => value
Returns the horizontal and vertical extreme values for object , which may be a glyph or font - loader .
If object is a four - element vector , each function is an accessor to the appropriate entry in the vector .
[ Function ]
x control - point => number
y control - point => number
Returns the respective coordinate of control - point .
[ Function ]
on - curve - p control - point => boolean
Returns true if control - point is on the contour outline .
[ Function ]
contour - count glyph => number
Returns the number of contours of glyph .
Some glyphs , such as the glyph for the Space character , may have zero contours .
[ Function ]
contour glyph index => vector
Returns the indexth contour from the contours of glyph .
A contour is represented as a vector of control point objects .
Each control point may be on ( touching ) or off ( not touching ) the the contour outline .
TrueType files may store contours that have implicit control points .
When two consecutive control points are off the contour outline , there is an implied control point at the midpoint between them on the contour curve .
[ Function ]
contours glyph => vector
Returns all contours of glyph as a vector .
[ Macro ]
do - contours ( contour glyph &optional result ) &body body => result
Performs body for each contour in glyph , with the contour bound to contour .
Returns result ( evaluated ) at the end of processing .
[ Function ]
explicit - contour - points contour => vector
Returns a vector of points that is the same as contour with the implicit contour points inserted .
[ Macro ]
do - contour - segments ( start control end ) contour &body body =>
For convenience , a TrueType contour may be thought of as being made up of connected segments .
Each segment is either a straight line from one point on the outline to another , or a curved line that starts with a point on the outline , is controlled by a point off the outline , and ends with a point on the outline .
DO - CONTOUR - SEGMENTS performs body for each segment of contour , with the start , control , and end variables ( not evaluated ) bound to the start , control , and end points of the segment .
If the segment is a straight line , control is bound to NIL .
Contours of a glyph in a TrueType file may contain implied control points ; two consecutive points off the outline may be treated as if there is there is an point on the outline at the midpoint between them .
DO - CONTOUR - SEGMENTS synthesizes and binds any implicit points as needed when going through the contour segments .
( See the Glyph Example for a visual explanation . )
Segments are not a TrueType glyph concept .
The term is used for convenience by ZPB - TTF .
[ Macro ]
do - contour - segments * ( control end ) contour &body body =>
DO - CONTOUR -SEGMENTS * is like DO - CONTOUR - SEGMENTS , except it does not bind a start variable .
[ Function ]
code - point glyph => number
Returns the Unicode code point of a character glyph represents .
Note :
Since font glyphs may represent more than one character , this value may not be exactly what you expect .
Note : Since glyphs in a font do not necessarily correspond to a code point , or to a single code point , this may not always return a meaningful value .
[ Function ]
font - index glyph => number
Returns the integer index of glyph in its font loader .
[ Function ]
advance - width glyph => number
Returns the typographic advance width of glyph .
[ Function ]
left - side - bearing glyph => number
Returns the typographic left side bearing of glyph .
[ Function ]
right - side - bearing glyph => number
Returns the typographic right side bearing of glyph .
[ Function ]
kerning - offset left - glyph right - glyph font - loader => number
Returns the typographic kerning adjustment needed for the advance width when left - glyph and right - glyph appear next to each other .
[ Function ]
string - bounding - box string font - loader &key ( kerning t ) => # ( xmin ymin xmax ymax )
Returns the bounding box for string in the natural unit size of font - loader .
If kerning is true , the inter - glyph spacing will take kerning offsets into account when calculating the bounding box .
Feedback
Please send bug reports , patches , questions , and any other feedback to Zachary Beane .
:- dynamic word / 1. % a short code poem .
%download SWI prolog , enter in all the code - execute the poem by entering % binarypoem210 . % then press enterbinarypoem210 : - nl , word ( POEM ) , print ( POEM ) , nl , nl , print ( ' please type : deplete .
then press return to enterinto the poem / code / space ' ) .
word ( [a,l, l, y , o, u, l , o, v,e , t , o, l , o, s , e ] ) . deplete : - word ( EMPTINESS ) , member(a, EMPTINESS ) , delete( EMPTINESS , a, POEM ) , assert ( word ( POEM ) ) , retract ( word ( EMPTINESS ) ) , nl , print ( POEM ) .
deplete :- word ( INFLUX ) , member(y , INFLUX ) , delete ( INFLUX , y , STATE ) , assert ( word ( STATE ) ) , retract ( word ( INFLUX ) ) , nl , print ( STATE ) .deplete :- word ( ING ) , member(e , ING ) , delete ( ING , e, ALLTHATYOUARE ) , assert ( word ( ALLTHATYOUARE ) ) , retract ( word ( ING ) ) , nl , print ( ALLTHATYOUARE ) .
deplete :- word ( BUFFERZONE ) , member(t , BUFFERZONE ) , member(s , BUFFERZONE ) , delete ( BUFFERZONE ,t, CONDOLEEZA ) , delete( CONDOLEEZA , s,OILTANKER ) , assert ( word ( OILTANKER ) ) , retract ( word ( BUFFERZONE ) ) , nl , print( OILTANKER ) .
deplete :- word ( HISTORY ) , member(u, HISTORY ) , member(v, HISTORY ) , delete( HISTORY , u, MEMORY ) , delete ( MEMORY , v, DOCUMENT ) , assert ( word ( DOCUMENT ) ) , retract ( word ( HISTORY ) ) , nl , print ( DOCUMENT ) .
An OpenID is not an account !
I ’m excited to see that OpenID has finally started to gain serious traction outside of the Identity community .
Understandably , misconceptions about OpenID continue to crop-up .
The one I want to address in this entry is the idea that an OpenID can be used as a replacement for a regular user account .
Update at 23:55 pm : I originally tried to illustrate this misconception with a quote from Don Park ; unfortunately I misunderstood the quote and consequently misrepresented his position , for which I apologise unreservedly .
The old OpenID homepage ( which I miss ; the new one uses jargon - heavy terms like “ a free framework for user - centric digital identity ” ) included this in nice big letters :
What about trust ?
This is not a trust system .
Trust requires identity first .
OpenID solves the identity problem , not the trust problem .
When a user authenticates with OpenID , what they are doing is stating “ I have the ability to prove my ownership of this URL ” .
I used the phrase “ have the ability ” deliberately .
Just because the OpenID authentication was successful does n’t mean that the user is the only person who can authenticate against that OpenID .
It would be trivial to create the OpenID equivalent of Mailinator : an identity provider that says “ Yes , that ’s them ! ” to any identity request .
I ’m tempted to build it just to emphasize this point !
Update : Jayant Gandhi has built one .
The key thing here is that you should never trust an OpenID on its own .
It could be a real person , or it could be a spammer , psycopath or general undesirable .
Does this mean OpenID is completely useless ?
Absolutely not !
You just have to think of it in the same way that you think of username and password combinations : as the “ key ” to an account .
Most web application signup processes work something like this :
Bob selects a username Bob enters a password , twice Bob enters his e-mail address Bob clicks a validation link in an e-mail sent to that address
Some sites throw a CAPTCHA in there for good measure .
OpenID replaces at most the first two steps of that registration process .
Instead of having a user set up a new password you get them to authenticate with their OpenID at the start of the process .
After that you might still want them to pick a username ( especially if you are integrating OpenID in to an existing account system ) and you ’ll almost certainly want them to jump through the e-mail and / or CAPTCHA steps .
In the future , they can sign in to your site using their OpenID rather than having to dig around for whichever username and password they used .
A nice thing about the above flow is that it demonstrates how easy it should be to add OpenID support to an existing Web application .
If you ’ve already got a user account system that ’s fine — just give your users a mechanism to associate an OpenID with their existing account so they can log in without using their password .
You could even require new users to set up a full account ( complete with password that they never intend to use ) and then associate it with their OpenID , although doing so eliminates the lower barrier to entry advantage for OpenID users .
The trust issue is now null and void .
An OpenID is just as trustworthy as a regular username and password ( which could have been posted to bugmenot and shared with thousands of people ) .
One last time : an OpenID is not an account .
Just treat it as an alternative to a traditional username and password and you ca n’t go wrong .
We ’re still hard at work on Rails 1.2 , which features all the new dandy REST stuff and more , but a serious security concern has come to our attention that needed to be addressed sooner than the release of 1.2 would allow .
So here ’s Rails 1.1.5 !
This is a MANDATORY upgrade for anyone not running on a very recent edge ( which is n’t affected by this ) .
If you have a public Rails site , you MUST upgrade to Rails 1.1.5 .
The security issue is severe and you do not want to be caught unpatched .
The issue is in fact of such a criticality that we ’re not going to dig into the specifics .
No need to arm would - be assalients .
So upgrade today , not tomorrow .
We ’ve made sure that Rails 1.1.5 is fully drop - in compatible with 1.1.4 .
It only includes a handful of bug fixes and no new features .
For the third time :
This is not like “ sure , I should be flossing my teeth ” .
This is “ yes , I will wear my helmet as I try to go 100 mph on a motorcycle through downtown in rush hour ” .
It ’s not a suggestion , it ’s a prescription .
So get to it !
As always , the trick is to do “ gem install rails ” and then either changing config / environment.rb , if you ’re bound to gems , or do “ rake rails : freeze : gems ” if you ’re freezing gems in vendor .
UPDATE : This problem affects 0.13 , 0.14 , 1.0 , and 1.1.×.
So here ’s a happy opportunity to upgrade if you still have n’t .
UPDATE 2 : We ’ve fixed the zlib buffer problems for people on Windows .
Redownload the gem and everything should be dandy .
UPDATE 3 : Regarding security through obscurity , we ’ll release the full details of this issue once everyone has had a fair chance to upgrade their system .
Source transparency is of little comfort if you just had your system compromised before you got a chance to apply the patch .
UPDATE 4 : This problem does not affect Rails 1.0 or earlier .
The only versions affected are 1.1.0 , 1.1.1 , 1.1.2 , and 1.1.4 .
See security update for details .
UPDATE 5 : We ’ve released Rails 1.1.6 with additional fixes to the problem and created backported patches for all affected versions .
Home Recursion Parallel Prolog Reform Prolog is a recursion - parallel implementation of Prolog .
By executing all invocations of a recursive predicate in parallel , data - parallelism can be exploited .
In contrast to most other parallel Prolog systems , Reform Prolog thus exploits structured parallelism ; in contrast to present - day parallel Fortran systems , Reform Prolog can parallelize programs with procedure calls , pointer datastructures and arbitrary data dependences into doacross - style loops .
The Reform Prolog project ended in 1996 and somehow morphed into the High Performance Erlang project ( which should be no surprise , as Erlang has clear roots in the Prolog world , though the concurrency model is different ) .
1 - Modigliani and his models
Long , lean and serene - everyone knows those Modigliani girls with their tapering faces .
But the poise of his art was created out of chaos ; Modigliani was a drunk , a junkie and a philanderer who abandoned his pregnant mistress .
This first British show in 40 years looks at both kinds of models : Modigliani's women and his fascination with classical and African art .
LC
· Royal Academy , London W1 , from 8 July
2 - The new Frasier
Still suffering from Dr Crane withdrawal on Friday nights ?
The wonderfully witty Out of Practice is the latest sitcom from the Frasier team .
Stockard Channing and Henry Winkler star as the divorced parents of a family of doctors .
The plotlines may be predictable but the repartee is like the best French farce .
Channing steals the show with her acerbic putdowns , and just to keep it in the family Kelsey Grammer directs the first episode .
LH
· C5 , from mid-May
3 - Red Hot Chili Peppers
Can one of the most popular bands on the planet get any bigger ?
Their albums certainly can .
Stadium Arcadium , successor to the eight - million - selling By The Way , is a 28 - track epic in two suites , ' Jupiter ' and ' Mars ' , due out 8 May .
The Californian funk - rock perennials ' UK tour kicks off in Ipswich on 30 June and takes in two Manchester MEN Arenas and four London Earls Courts .
KE
4 - New fiction
The summer is awash with great new fiction , including David Mitchell 's much - anticipated Black Swan Green ( Sceptre £ 16.99 ) , a tale of adolescence and stammering ; Will Self 's ambitiously satirical The Book of Dave ( Viking £ 17.99 ) , in which a ranting East End taxi driver spawns a new religion ; and Douglas Coupland 's paean to geeks everywhere , JPod ( Bloomsbury £ 12.99 ) .
Monica
Ali's follow - up to her bestselling Brick Lane takes her to a small Portuguese village .
Alentejo Blue ( Doubleday £ 16.99 ) is due out in June .
AC
5 - Cartoon crackers
Animation heavyweights go head to head as Pixar launches Cars against DreamWorks '
Over the Hedge .
Pixar head John Lasseter directs for the first time since Toy Story 2 in the story of cocky stock car Lightning McQueen ( voiced by Owen Wilson ) .
Over the Hedge has Bruce Willis as RJ the racoon as a bunch of forest creatures ( voices include Avril Lavigne and Nick Nolte ) fend off suburban encroachment .
Meryl Streep and Julia Roberts provide voices for 3D Imax offering The Ant Bully , about a boy shrunk to ant size as punishment for flooding an ant colony with his watergun .
JS
6 - Hodgkin at the Tate
Now in his mid-seventies , Howard Hodgkin 's reputation could hardly be diminished , which is maybe why Tate Britain has decided to enlarge it a little more with this fullscale , lifetime retrospective .
Friends , homes , emotional experiences , memories of Morocco , India and Egypt - all the inspirations for this quasi- abstract painter will be explored , and all the influences of other artists such as Matisse , Vuillard and the Indian miniaturists Hodgkin collects .
LC
· Tate Britain , London SW1 , 14 June - 10 Sep
7 - Nixon on stage
Peter Morgan , author of The Deal , dramatises David Frost 's post - Watergate interrogation of Richard Nixon , the most - watched TV news interview ever , for Frost / Nixon at the Donmar .
Michael Sheen is Frost ; Nixon has yet to be cast .
ENO , meanwhile , is reviving Peter Sellars 's production of John Adams 's Nixon in China .
SC
· Frost / Nixon , Donmar , London WC2 , 10 Aug to 7 Oct. Nixon in China , ENO , London WC2 , from 14 June .
8 - Bumper Russian Ballet
London hosts two Russian dance gems this summer .
First , a rare opportunity to see historic Soviet ballet productions of Leningrad Symphony and The Bedbug , plus a new full - length production of The Golden Age .
Valery Gergiev conducts , dancing is by stars of the Mariinsky ( Kirov ) ballet including the peerless Uliana Lopatkina .
Then , marking the 50th anniversary of its first visit to Covent Garden , the Bolshoi 's season opens with Petipa 's reconstructed extravaganza The Pharaoh 's Daughter and includes director Alexei Ratmansky 's much - praised The Bright Stream .
LJ
· Mariinsky Ballet , Coliseum , London WC2 , 25 - 29 July .
Bolshoi , Royal Opera House , London WC2 , 31 July to 19 Aug .
9 - Terfel in Tosca
Angela Gheorghiu leads the first cast opposite Bryn Terfel as Scarpia and Marcelo Álvarez as Cavaradossi in Covent Garden 's first new staging of the Puccini favourite in 40 years .
Directed by Jonathan Kent , conducted by Antonio Pappano , it 's currently sold out , but the second cast is led by Catherine Naglestad , Samuel Ramey and Nicola Rossi Giordano , conducted by Paul Wynne Griffiths .
AH
· Royal Opera House , London WC2 .
Opens 16 June
10 - The return of Lost
The story of the survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 continues .
Jack 's mistrust of Locke grows , we find out the fate of Sawyer , Michael and Jin whose raft was blown out of the water by ' the others ' , and discover a new survivor of the crash - Ana - Lucia ( Michelle Rodriguez ) .
LH
· C4 , May .
11 - Bruce Nauman
The biggest ever British exhibition of this US wildcard , one of today 's most influential artists , covers all his shocking ideas .
From alarming television - set pieces to outsize installations , it is a show in two halves : the first examines his extreme use of language and wordplay in video , neon and text ; the second his frightening depictions of humans and animals .
LC
· Tate Liverpool , 19 May to 28 Aug .
12 - Blockbuster tours
Radiohead stumble back into the limelight at intimate UK and European venues in May .
At the end of April , Take That hit the nostalgia circuit one man short - Robbie Williams is touring in Europe ahead of September UK dates .
In June the Black Eyed Peas arrive for a handful of UK gigs .
Pink Floyd founder member Roger Waters plays The Dark Side Of The Moon in Hyde Park on 1 July .
And in case you are one of the few people alive who have n't seen the Rolling Stones , they romp home in August .
And Madonna steers her Confessions tour through Cardiff and Wembley in July and August .
KE
13 - Must - read memoirs
Five years after the candid A Round - Heeled Woman , Jane Juska delivers another dispatch from her search for the perfect lover in Unaccompanied Women ( Chatto £ 12.99 ) .
It 's a quest she seems loath to relinquish even at 72 .
Toby Young updates us on his progress in The Sound of No Hands Clapping ( Abacus £ 11.99 ) , returning to London from New York and still trying to make everyone like him .
AC
14 - Constable deconstructed
It 's never a clear day in Constable - but who cares ?
His vast preliminary oil sketches painted outdoors are hung for the first time alongside the finished six - footers , as they are known , including The Hay Wain , Hadleigh Castle and Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows - some of the most famous images in British art .
LC
· Tate Britain , London SW1 , 1 June to 28 Aug
15 - Indie boy follow - ups
With the festival season comes a slew of second runs from the elegantly wasted ranks of rock .
Keane 's second album Under The Iron Sea , expected 12 June , is said to be more muscular than their rather popular debut .
Razorlight are in the studio finishing the follow - up to Up All Night due 17 July .
And Sunderland hotties
The Futureheads prove they 're not just one - hit wonders on their second album , News And Tributes , out 29 May.
KE
16 - Non-fiction heavyweights
If you want to know the stories behind the films , look no further than Paul Rusesabagina 's An Ordinary Man ( Bloomsbury £ 10.99 ) , in which the man at the heart of Hotel Rwanda tells how he sheltered 1,200 refugees at the height of the genocide .
In City of God ( Bloomsbury £ 8.99 ) , Paulo Lins lifts the lid on gangs , violence and drugs in the housing projects and favelas of Rio de Janeiro , where he grew up , drawing on his experiences and Fernando Meirelles 's 2002 film of the same name .
AC
17 - The Line Of Beauty on TV
Saul Dibbs 's first film , Bullet Boy , explored gun crime in Hackney .
His latest project , a BBC drama adapted by Andrew Davies from Alan Hollinghurst 's Booker - winning novel , The Line of Beauty , could n't be more different .
The gay coming - of - age tale is set among the Tory elite of the 1980s .
Nick Guest ( played by newcomer Dan Stevens ) is the gay student adopted by the family of a rising star in the Thatcher government .
As for rumours that Davies would be too squeamish to tackle all - male sex scenes , do n't believe it .
They 're hot .
LH
· BBC2 , starts 17 May
18 - Cosi Fan Tutte
Glyndebourne 's 250th birthday present to Mozart is this new staging by NT director Nicholas Hytner .
With the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment conducted by Ivan Fischer , and designs by Vicki Mortimer , it features Miah Persson and Anke Vondung as Fiordiligi and Dorabella , with Topi Lehtipuu and Luca Pisaroni as Ferrando and Guglielmo , and Nicolas Rivenq as Don Alfonso .
AH
· Glyndebourne , from 19 May
19 - Royal Ballet 's New Beauty
It used to be their signature ballet , but recent Royal Ballet productions of Sleeping Beauty have disappointed .
To mark the company 's 75th anniversary , director Monica Mason reclaims the heritage in a full - scale production with traditional choreography and Oliver Messel 's sumptuously beautiful 1946 designs .
L J
· Royal Opera House , 15 May to 3 June
20 - Summer blockbusters
While the World Cup dictates blockbuster release patterns everywhere except in the US , this summer 's big films read like football results : Pirates of the Caribbean 2 , starring Keira Knightley ; X - Men 3 ; Mission Impossible 3 ; Omen 666 .
There 's even Patrick Vieira footy - style personnel intrigue : Superman Returns ( with Kevin Spacey as Lex Luthor ) is directed by Bryan Singer , formerly the midfi eld anchor for the X - Men franchise .
Last year 's box office slump has hardly led to more originality from studios .
Michael Mann has turned his own Eighties TV series Miami Vice into a thriller starring Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxx , and even the season 's big disaster movie is a remake : Poseidon , directed by Wolfgang Petersen who , after The Perfect Storm and Das Boot , has at least proved he can handle water .
JS
21 - Camille
With her vocal acrobatics , experimental edge and persona drifting from angry waif to dreamy lover , Camille is inevitably compared to Bjork .
The French performer is a warmer presence , her songs more structured .
Cult debut Le Fils ( EMI ) is being re-released for a long - awaited London show ( Jazz Café , 3 May ) .
NS
22 - Cyrano de Bergerac
After three months offstage with voice troubles , the longest break of his career , Plácido Domingo returns for six performances in the title role of Francesca Zambello 's staging of Alfano 's rarely heard opera about the guy with a nose as big as his heart .
Sondra Radvanovsky sings Roxane and Mark Elder conducts .
AH
· Royal Opera House , from 8 May
23 - Kandinsky
Wild ideas about the spiritual properties of colour , mad notions of art 's potential for saving the soul - Kandinsky remains the great hippy of early 20th century art .
This show focuses on the first half of his career , from Russia via Weimar to the Bauhaus , while neatly avoiding some of his craziest works .
Look out , while you 're there , for a rearranged Tate Modern collection , with new focus on Abstract Expressionism , Cubism and Conceptualism .
LC
· Tate Modern , London SE1 , from 22 June
24 - Jarvis Cocker 's art school series
The bespectacled national treasure presents a three - part radio series on the relationship between British pop and art schools .
Cocker is a product of St Martins College , where he became interested in Outsider Art and met the girl who inspired Common People .
MS
· Radio 4 , July
25 - To Reach The Clouds
In 1974 Philippe Petit slung a high wire between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Centre and early one morning walked across it , 1,350 feet above the ground .
He had spent six years planning his illegal adventure .
Nick Drake has based his play about the experience on the tightrope artiste 's own book .
' When the towers again twin - tickle the clouds , ' Petit has declared , ' I will offer to walk again . '
SC
· Nottingham Playhouse , 17 June to 8 July , 0115 941 9419
26 - Stoppard 's new play
Rock 'n ' Roll - Stoppard 's first play for the Royal Court - examines Czechoslovakia between the Prague Spring and the Velvet Revolution .
Events are seen from the perspective of a Cambridge Communist , and from Prague , where a rock band stood for resistance to the regime .
The cast includes Brian Cox , Sinead Cusack and Rufus Sewell .
Trevor Nunn directs .
· SC Royal Court , London SW1 , 3 June to 15 July
27 - British Rom Coms
Still trying to shake the ghost of Four Weddings And A Funeral , British film goes rom com crazy .
Ol Parker 's directing debut Imagine Me and You has two girls ( Lena Headey and Piper Perabo ) falling in love .
Debbie Isitt 's Confetti uses comic talent including Martin Freeman , Jessica Stevenson and Jimmy Carr to tell the story of three couples competing for a bridal magazine 's Wedding of the Year .
Things To Do Before
You 're 30 follows lads from five - a- side footballers Athletico Greenwich and their attempts to score , on and off the pitch .
Jimi Mistry , Billie Piper , Dougray Scott and Emilia
Fox are the flat back four .
JS
28 - Footie books
Swot for the World Cup with Richard Williams 's The Perfect 10 ( Faber £ 14.99 ) about greats who have worn the seemingly magic number - Puskas , Pele , Maradona and Zidane among them .
David Winner 's Those Feet : An Intimate History of English Football ( Bloomsbury £ 8.99 ) is out in paperback ; and footie chit - chat will be enlivened by Stephen Foster 's The Book of Lists ( Canongate £ 9.99 ) featuring Players Who Feel No Pain , Sixty - Nine Notorious Sex Scandals and Ten Animals on the Pitch .
AC
29 - Da Vinci Code : The Movie
With its premiere as the opening film at Cannes Film Festival , Ron Howard 's film will entice the half of the world that has read Dan Brown 's book .
Readers will be curious to see if Tom Hanks , Audrey Tatou , Jean Reno and Paul Bettany match up ; but critical acclaim may be harder to achieve : the Cannes opener is traditionally a stinker .
JS
· On general release from 19 May
30 - Miles Davis season
From 6 - 27 May , Radio 3 marks what would have been the 80th birthday ( on 25 May ) of the maverick genius Miles Davis .
Mixing
It looks at Davis from a 21st - century perspective ; Jazz Legends takes on his legacy ; Discovering Music examines the 1959 classic Kind of Blue ; and Jazz File showcases Ian Carr 's documentary series about Davis 's life and work .
MS
31 - Stormbreaker
Britain 's biggest box office hope is a £ 50 m production based on Anthony Horowitz 's best - selling novels about teenage spy Alex Rider .
The film follows the Harry Potter template : an unknown star is born in Alex Pettyfer as the reluctant 14 - year - old enlisted by MI6 to save the world .
A strong supporting cast includes Ewan McGregor , Mickey Rourke , Bill Nighy , Stephen Fry and - remember her ?
- Alicia Silverstone .
JS
· July release
32 - New musicals
The team who dreamt up the TV series Bad Girls re-create HMP Larkhall on stage .
Riots and girl - on - girl romance are promised , as well as the appearance of telly stalwarts Shell Dockley , Denny Blood and the Two Julies .
Showboat - the 1929 Jerome Kern - Oscar Hammerstein groundbreaker which includes Ol ' Man River - will bring the Mississippi to the Albert Hall for 18 performances in the round .
Avenue Q - the comic Broadway hit mixing puppets with people - comes to London following triumph at the Tonys.
SC
· Bad Girls , West Yorkshire Playhouse , 27 May to 1 July .
Showboat , Royal Albert Hall , London SW7 , 10 - 25 Jun.
Avenue Q , Noël Coward
Theatre , from 1 June
33 - Shakespeares
The year - long Bardfest has just kicked off at Stratford , where all his plays will be staged by the RSC , by directors from abroad ( including Peter Stein ) and by young British companies such as Kneehigh .
Dominic Dromgoole kicks off his first season at the Globe with Coriolanus ( Jonathan Cake ) , Titus Andronicus and another Cleopatra - Frances Barber .
RM
· Coriolanus , 5 May to 13 August ; Titus Andronicus , 20 May to 6 October ; Antony and Cleopatra , 25 June to 8 October
34 - Market Boys
Nicholas Hytner 's National
Theatre is mapping recent British history in a series of new plays .
The latest , David Eldridge 's Market Boy , is set in Romford Market in 1985 , and unites the talents that created the magnificent Festen .
Directed by Rufus Norris , with a soundscape by Paul Arditti and choreography by members of Frantic Assembly .
SC
· Olivier , London SE1 , from 26 May ,
35 - Reality TV turns to theatre
Want to see your name in lights ?
After the success of Operatunity and Musicality , Channel 4 is searching for a new British playwright .
The Play 's The Thing follows 2,000 hopefuls as their scripts are whittled down by a team of three experts - producer Sonia Friedman , literary agent Mel Kenyon and actor Neil Pearson .
Also look out for Brief Encounters - 10 low - budget , 15 - minute plays produced from scripts from new writers , mentored by the likes of Andrew Davies , Russell T Davies and Tony Jordan .
LH
· The Play 's The Thing , Channel 4 , June .
Brief Encounters , BBC1 , from mid-May
36 - Robin Ince's Book Club Tour
Acclaimed for reintroducing intelligent , innovative comedy to club nights since its inception last year , the Book Club takes its anarchic badinage on the road .
Regulars like Natalie Haynes , Josie Long and Howard Read are joined by famous special guests and compered by Robin Ince , winner of the 2006 Time Out award for outstanding achievement in comedy .
SM
· Until 23 June .
37 - Shoot The Messenger
BBC2's provocative new single drama promises to reflect current debates in the black community .
The screenplay by Sharon Foster ( Babyfather ) is the latest winner of the prestigious Dennis Potter Screenwriting Award .
David Oyelowo ( Danny in Spooks ) plays Joe , a teacher determined to save black students from gangs , crime and underachievement .
LH
· BBC2 , starts June
38 - Pop debuts
Many big names are keeping their new records close to their chests till the autumn .
But the new blood is up !
May sees maiden releases from domestic ' It ' band Dirty Pretty Things ; Boy Kill Boy , our answer to The Killers ; conscious soul - jazz tip Netsayi and former Beta Band frontman Steve Mason 's King Biscuit Time .
June positively bursts with debuts from MOR buzz band The Feeling , Guillemots , UK hip - hop guitar slinger Plan B and skronk - merchants Forward , Russia !
You 'll have to wait till July for the tres now ' urchin - punk - reggae - dub - London - calypso kids ' ( their words ) Larrikin Love 's long - player .
And some as - yet - unsigned band will be the toast of August : things are moving that fast right now .
KE
39 - Drama with a twist
Paul Henshall and Mark Benton star in I'm With Stupid a contemporary Odd Couple - style TV comedy exploring disability .
Also look out for Drop Dead Gorgeous , a comedy drama by Carmel Morgan .
Twin girls Jade and Ashley are approached by a model scout - it's not beautiful Jade they want , but geek goddess Ashley .
As her star ascends in the cut - throat world of modelling , family and friends struggle with the fall - out .
LH
· BBC3 , both begin in June
40 - The Ornate Johnsons
The five - piece sketch troupe has won praise from the likes of Stewart Lee and Jo Caulfield , and been compared to Python and Not The Nine O'Clock News .
They have worked together since the Eighties with a sideline writing for TV and radio .
A rare opportunity for London audiences .
SM
· Soho Theatre , London W1 , from 4 May ,
41 - BBC Jazz Awards
This annual event spotlights new and established talent .
It often surprises , pointing the way to how the jazz world is developing .
Hosted by Paul Gambaccini with highlights broadcast on Radio 2 and 3 .
DG
· Mermaid Theatre , London EC4 , 13 July .
42 - Summer festivals
Michael Eavis 's cows are having a year off Glastonbury tinnitus , but there are dozens of other contenders to fill the muddy gap .
With greenery and nu-folk artists , The Green Man bash is both out - there and civilised .
Headbangers should display their sun-fried tattoos at Download , boasting the first Guns N' Roses gigs in aeons .
Radiohead and Morrissey make the V Festival a better than usual draw , while the two - site Wireless bash offers The Flaming Lips and Pharrell Williams on one particularly spectacular day .
The Isle of Wight 's cuddly Bestival has pencilled in Pet Shop Boys , the Fall , Devendra Banhart and the Stranglers .
For classical music lovers the enterprising and much - improved Opera Holland Park ( 6 June to 5 Aug ) stages Tchaikovsky 's
The Queen of Spades and Giordano 's Fedora alongside Cosi Fan Tutte , Puccini's Manon Lescaut , Lehár 's The Merry Widow and OHP 's first ever Rigoletto .
This year 's Aldeburgh Festival in Suffolk ( 9 - 25 June ) kicks off with Stravinsky 's The Rake 's Progress , cast from the Britten - Pears Young Artists Programme .
Other highlights include Emily Hall 's chamber opera Sante , a love story set in the run-up to the Rwandan genocide , and Raymond Yiu 's music - hall piece The Original Chinese Circus .
· For more festival tips , see observer.co.uk/summerfestivals2006 . KE/AH
43 - Edinburgh comedy
One of the highlights promises to be Harry Shearer 's This is So Not About The Simpsons : American Voyeur , in which the US comic actor acclaimed as the voices of Mr Burns , Smithers and Flanders , and as co-creator and star of Spinal Tap , joins his wife , singer - songrwriter Judith Owen , to observe the current lunacy of the land of the free .
Also crossing the Atlantic is Daily Show star Demetri Martin , whose Dr Earnest Parrot Presents is a concept show akin to his Perrier - winning If I in 2003 .
One of the biggest attractions , though , will be the new UdderBelly venue , a giant purple marquee in the shape of an upside down cow in Bristow Square , the focal point of Fringe comedy .
SM
· Edinburgh Fringe festival , 6 - 28 August
44 - Undercover Surrealism
That punning title gets at the creepiness as well as the rebellion .
Surrealism expert Dawn
Ades curates a huge event - painting , film , sculpture , music , photography , masks , ritual objects - tracing the cross-currents of Surrealism in 1920s Paris .
Artists include Miró , Dali , Giacometti , Brancusi , de Chirico , Ernst and a room full of paintings and fetishes by Picasso .
LC
· Hayward Gallery , London SE1 , 11 May to 31 July
45 - Marcel Breuer
This is the year of the modernist .
The contribution from Glasgow 's Lighthouse museum is an exhibition of work by Marcel Breuer , the Bauhaus architect who used a pair of bicycle handlebars as the inspiration for a chair , creating a design classic in tubular steel in the process .
Returning to architecture , he went on to design such celebrated - and controversial - buildings as the Whitney Museum of Modern Art and the Unesco Headquarters in Paris .
DS
· Marcel Breuer : Design and Architecture , Lighthouse , Glasgow , 16 June to 27 Aug
46 - Foreign cinema
The best thing about summer blockbusters is they leave room for creative counter - programming .
Heading South is an intriguing film from one of France 's most original directors , Laurent Cantet , starring Charlotte Rampling among a group of wealthy women sex tourists at a Haitian hotel in the 1970s .
France provides a corking blockbuster of its own , as Gérard Depardieu and Daniel Auteuil duke it out in Heat - like corrupt cop thriller , 36 Quai des Orfèvres .
Johnny To's Hong Kong triad drama Election is equally terrific , rising star Mia Maestro excels in the atmospheric Venezuelan kidnap drama Secuestro Express , while Romain Duris , from The Beat My Heart Skipped , charms the girls ( Audrey Tautou , Cécile de France and our own Kelly Reilly ) in romantic comedy Russian Dolls .
JS
47 - Radio 4's Memory Season
Over six weeks this summer , Radio 4 promises its Memory Season will help us improve our , erm , you know ...
All we have to do is to log on to Bbc.co.uk and / or listen on Wednesdays at 9 am to a series of shows designed to boost our retention of facts .
The memory starts to decline at 35 - earlier if pregnancy or illegal drugs have been involved , apparently - and the Memory Season will include a major scientific survey as to the state of our nation 's memory , as well as commissions from comedians , short story writers and a new play from Alan Bennett .
MS
· Radio 4 , from 22 July .
48 - English National Ballet 's Canterville Ghost
Oscar Wilde 's tale of the spectre driven to distraction by a family who refuse to believe in him ( except , of course , for their beautiful daughter ) is translated into suitably spooky dance by English National Ballet .
Choreography is by the Royal 's William Tuckett , whose antic imagination makes this production an excellent bet .
LJ
· New Wimbledon Theatre , London SW1 , 25 May to 3 June
49 - London Architecture Biennale
Sixty sheep are to be herded across the Millennium Bridge from Borough Market to launch the second Biennale , a reminder that as recently as the 19th century livestock were driven through the city .
Continuing the historical flavour will be a day - long revival of the ancient St Bartholomew 's Fair ( 17 June ) , complete with a promenade performance of Ben Jonson 's play of the same name .
Other highlights of the week will be ' The World 's Longest Architecture Exhibition ' , with displays along the entire route from Borough Market to King 's Cross , pinned on railings and sited at such unlikely spots as St Bart 's Hospital and the Merrill Lynch offices .
DS
· 16 -25 June
50 - Van Gogh and Britain
Everyone knows Van Gogh only sold one painting during his lifetime , but a British collector presciently bought three the year the artist died .
Textiles magnates , mining tycoons and golfing Scots came next and a British market for the Dutchman rapidly developed .
All of which is really just a pretext for a 40 - strong showing of Van Gogh 's paintings including some of his latest and greatest works .
LC
· Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art , Edinburgh , 7 July to 24 September
· Words by Susannah Clapp , Alex Clark , Laura Cumming , Kitty Empire , Killian Fox , Dave Gelly , Liz Hoggard , Anthony Holden , Luke Jennings , Stephanie Merritt , Sarah Phillips , Miranda Sawyer , Jason Solomons , Neil Spencer , and Deyan Sudjic
As pundits and policymakers scramble to explain events in Lebanon , their conclusions are virtually unanimous : Hizbullah created this crisis .
Israel is defending itself .
The underlying problem is Arab extremism .
Sadly , this is pure analytical nonsense .
Hizbullah 's capture of two Israeli soldiers on July 12 was a direct result of Israel 's silent but unrelenting aggression against Lebanon , which in turn is part of a six - decades long Arab - Israeli conflict .
Since its withdrawal of occupation forces from southern Lebanon in May 2000 , Israel has violated the United Nations - monitored " blue line " on an almost daily basis , according to UN reports .
Hizbullah 's military doctrine , articulated in the early 1990s , states that it will fire Katyusha rockets into Israel only in response to Israeli attacks on Lebanese civilians or Hizbullah 's leadership ; this indeed has been the pattern .
In the process of its violations , Israel has terrorized the general population , destroyed private property , and killed numerous civilians .
This past February , for instance , 15 - year - old shepherd Yusuf Rahil was killed by unprovoked Israeli cross - border fire as he tended his flock in southern Lebanon .
Israel has assassinated its enemies in the streets of Lebanese cities and continues to occupy Lebanon 's Shebaa Farms area , while refusing to hand over the maps of mine fields that continue to kill and cripple civilians in southern Lebanon more than six years after the war supposedly ended .
What peace did Hizbullah shatter ?
Hizbullah 's capture of the soldiers took place in the context of this ongoing conflict , which in turn is fundamentally shaped by realities in the Palestinian territories .
To the vexation of Israel and its allies , Hizbullah – easily the most popular political movement in the Middle East – unflinchingly stands with the Palestinians .
Since June 25 , when Palestinian fighters captured one Israeli soldier and demanded a prisoner exchange , Israel has killed more than 140 Palestinians .
Like the Lebanese situation , that flare - up was detached from its wider context and was said to be " manufactured " by the enemies of Israel ; more nonsense proffered in order to distract from the apparently unthinkable reality that it is the manner in which Israel was created , and the ideological premises that have sustained it for almost 60 years , that are the core of the entire Arab - Israeli conflict .
Once the Arabs had rejected the UN 's right to give away their land and to force them to pay the price for European pogroms and the Holocaust , the creation of Israel in 1948 was made possible only by ethnic cleansing and annexation .
This is historical fact and has been documented by Israeli historians , such as Benny Morris .
Yet Israel continues to contend that it had nothing to do with the Palestinian exodus , and consequently has no moral duty to offer redress .
For six decades the Palestinian refugees have been refused their right to return home because they are of the wrong race .
" Israel must remain a Jewish state , " is an almost sacral mantra across the Western political spectrum .
It means , in practice , that Israel is accorded the right to be an ethnocracy at the expense of the refugees and their descendants , now close to 5 million .
Is it not understandable that Israel 's ethnic preoccupation profoundly offends not only Palestinians , but many of their Arab brethren ?
Yet rather than demanding that Israel acknowledge its foundational wrongs as a first step toward equality and coexistence , the Western world blithely insists that each and all must recognize Israel 's right to exist at the Palestinians ' expense .
Western discourse seems unable to accommodate a serious , as opposed to cosmetic concern for Palestinians ' rights and liberties :
The Palestinians are the Indians who refuse to live on the reservation ; the Negroes who refuse to sit in the back of the bus .
By what moral right does anyone tell them to be realistic and get over themselves ?
That it is too much of a hassle to right the wrongs committed against them ?
That the front of the bus must remain ethnically pure ?
When they refuse to recognize their occupier and embrace their racial inferiority , when desperation and frustration causes them to turn to violence , and when neighbors and allies come to their aid – some for reasons of power politics , others out of idealism – we are astonished that they are all such fanatics and extremists .
The fundamental obstacle to understanding the Arab - Israeli conflict is that we have given up on asking what is right and wrong , instead asking what is " practical " and " realistic . "
Yet reality is that Israel is a profoundly racist state , the existence of which is buttressed by a seemingly endless succession of punitive measures , assassinations , and wars against its victims and their allies .
A realistic understanding of the conflict , therefore , is one that recognizes that the crux is not in this or that incident or policy , but in Israel 's foundational and per- sistent refusal to recognize the humanity of its Palestinian victims .
Neither Hizbullah nor Hamas are driven by a desire to " wipe out Jews , " as is so often claimed , but by a fundamental sense of injustice that they will not allow to be forgotten .
These groups will continue to enjoy popular legitimacy because they fulfill the need for someone – anyone – to stand up for Arab rights .
Israel cannot destroy this need by bombing power grids or rocket ramps .
If Israel , like its former political ally South Africa , has the capacity to come to terms with principles of democracy and human rights and accept egalitarian multiracial coexistence within a single state for Jews and Arabs , then the foundation for resentment and resistance will have been removed .
If Israel cannot bring itself to do so , then it will continue to be the vortex of regional violence .
• Anders Strindberg , formerly a visiting professor at Damascus University , Syria , is a consultant on Middle East politics working with European government and law - enforcement agencies .
He has also covered Syria , Lebanon , and the Palestinian territories as a journalist since the late 1990s , primarily for European publications .
By James Helm
BBC News , Dublin
Ireland 's cocaine users seem to favour 20 and 50 euro notes
The team used the latest forensic techniques that would detect even the tiniest fragments to study a batch of 45 used banknotes .
The scientists at Dublin's City University said they were " surprised by their findings " .
Some of the notes had such high levels of cocaine on them that it is thought they were used to snort the drug .
Others had much lower traces and may have been cross-contaminated , perhaps in the wallets or pockets of users .
Growing cocaine use
The results fit with scientific findings from other countries such as the UK and Spain where cocaine has also been found on a high proportion of notes .
Cocaine particles stick to the cotton that is contained within the notes .
Cocaine use is thought to be growing in Ireland .
Professor Brett Paul , whose paper was published in a journal of the Royal Society of Chemistry in the UK , said it demonstrated how widespread the use of cocaine is .
The study also found that higher value banknotes , such as 20 and 50 euros , were more likely to contain greater traces of the drug .
In recent weeks there has been fresh focus in Ireland on the use of drugs in society .
Dublin has seen a number of murders that have been linked to drugs gangs and Ireland 's justice minister has said that those who buy cocaine are helping to finance such groups .
One newspaper editorial said that the trend of cocaine use showed that there is something rotten at the heart of Ireland 's economic boom .
Python 2.5
Python 2.5 has been replaced by a newer bugfix release of Python .
Please download Python 2.5.6 instead .
Python 2.5 was released on September 19th 2006 .
There 's a bunch of places you can look for more information on what 's new in this release -- see the " What 's New " section further down this page .
This is a final release , and should be suitable for production use .
PEP 356 includes the schedule and will be updated as the schedule evolves .
At this point , any testing you can do would be greatly , greatly appreciated .
Extension authors should note that changes to improve Python 's support for 64 bit systems mean that some C extension modules may very well break .
This post has some pointers to more information for C extension authors .
Please see the separate bugs page for known issues and the bug reporting procedure .
See also the license .
Welcome !
" A very nearly tea , " as Milne describes it , " is one you have and forget about afterward . "
Pour yourself a cup and enjoy these snippets of my day I want to hold on to before they are forgotten amidst the busyness of homeschooling five children while moving to the country .
Computer security guru Fyodor ( pictured ) reports waking up yesterday to find his website SecLists.org essentially removed from the web by his domain registrar , GoDaddy .
After a bunch of phone calls to GoDaddy , he eventually got them to explain why : Because MySpace asked them too .
SecLists provides public archives of over a dozen computer security mailing lists , including BugTraq and Full Disclosure .
MySpace was apparently unhappy with a post that crossed Full Disclosure earlier this month , in which the author attached the spoils of a phishing attack against MySpace users , consisting of 56,000 user names and passwords .
These lists have surfaced in the security community before , allowing the white hats to see the data that the black hats have swindled out of unsuspecting users .
Bruce Schneier did a fascinating analysis of an earlier
MySpace password list in his Wired News column last month .
But MySpace has apparently decided to take a blunt instrument to this one .
Fyodor writes :
Instead of simply writing me ( or abuse_at_seclists.org ) asking to have the password list removed , MySpace decided to contact ( only ) GoDaddy and try to have the whole site of 250,000 pages removed because they do n't like one of them .
And GoDaddy cowardly and lazily decided to simply shut down the site rather than actually investigating or giving me a chance to contest or comply with the complaint .
Needless to say , I 'm in the market for a new registrar .
One who does n't immediately bend over for any large corporation who asks .
One who considers it their job just to refer people to the SecLists .
Org nameserver at 205.217.153.50 , not to police the content of the services hosted at the domains .
The GoDaddy ToS forbids hosting what they call " morally objectionable activities " .
It is way too late for MySpace to put the cat back in the bag anyway .
The bad guys already have the file , and anyone else who wants it need only
Google for " myspace1.txt.bz2 " or " duckqueen1 " .
Is MySpace going to try and shut down Google next ?
The site is back up now , sans password file .
But if the take down really happened this way ( I have a call into GoDaddy , and an e-mail out to MySpace ) it 's disturbing .
The usual DMCA - inspired path to scrub objectionable content from the web is to send a note to the administrator of the site demanding its removal , and , if that fails , to contact the hosting company or internet service provider .
There are plenty of incidents of this process being abused , but at least it leaves a clear trail of responsibility .
You know from the get - go what the content at issue is , who objects to it , and why .
Now it seems a company can bypass all that and get an entire site removed from the internet behind the owner 's back .
Update : GoDaddy has responded .
Read general counsel Christine Jones ' comments here .
Photo : Jacob Appelbaum
There 's a dicussion on the concatenative mailing list about concatenative languages and macros .
The discussion veered into pattern matching and Manfred Von Thun wrote about using pattern matching to implement common concatenative operations .
I wrote previously about using pattern matching in Factor to do similar , calling the word ' shuffle ' .
For example , 2dup , could be implemented as :
{ ?a ?b } { ? a ?b ?a ?b } shuffle
I did n't think of it at the time but Manfred 's article prompted me to try doing ' cons ' and similar operations that actually have to look inside data structures .
Since pattern matching does this already , ' shuffle ' does it as well .
For example , curry could be :
Bank of America says “ Keep the Change ” Ryan 139 comments Latest by Jason
Keep the Change is a new idea from Bank of America that encourages you to build some savings by keeping the change .
So , if you buy a sandwich for $ 4.50 with your BofA debit card , you are actually charged $ 5.00 , but the change is deposited in your savings account .
So , $ 4.50 for the sandwich and $ 0.50 for savings .
Basically they ’re rounding up and refunding the change to your savings account instead of back to your checking account .
Neat idea and new thinking .
I recently took about a year ’s worth of change to the Coinstar and came out $ 165 ahead .
Change definitely ads up .
It would have been easier not to have to go the Coinstar which is why I especially like this idea from Bank of America .
Paratroopers could fly 200 km with new wings system
Austrian extreme parachuter Felix Baumgartner jumps out of a transport plane , unseen , above Dover , southern England , at an altitude of 10,000 metres , to cross the strait between England and France in an unpowered flight on Thursday .
With a carbon - fibre wing fixed on his back , he flew the 35 kilometres to Calais , landing there with a parachute .
With the new technology being developed by German firm Elektroniksystem und Logistik and Draeger , paratroopers will soon be able to truly fly .
Photo courtesy RedBull
by Staff Writers
London ( AFP ) May 26 , 2006
A new military parachute system which fits wings on soldiers could enable them to travel to 200 kilometres ( 124 miles ) after jumping , Jane 's Defence Weekly defence magazine said Friday .
The system , which involves the development of new modular carbon - fibre wings , will mean that aircraft can drop parachutists from 30,000 feet ( 9,150 metres ) into an area of operations without flying into a danger zone .
Trials of the modular wing are being developed by the German firm Elektroniksystem und Logistik and Draeger .
They are due to finish by the end of 2006 , with the entire parachute and wings combination expected to be available during 2007 .
Peter Felstead , editor of Jane 's Defence Weekly , said the new system has been in use with the German army since 2003 , but the development of the new wing means soldiers can travel much further than the current 48 kilometres .
" The new wing will also reduce the impact of wind conditions on the jumper and allow operatives to travel up to 40 kilometres carrying loads of around 100 kilogrammes , " Felstead said .
" The system is reportedly 100 percent silent and extremely difficult to track by air on ground - based radar systems . "
Jane 's Defence Weekly reported that the next stage of the development will utilise small turbo - jet drives , as used on unmanned aerial vehicles , allowing jumpers to be carried longer distances without jumping from such extreme heights .
Die Freiwillige Selbstkontrolle der Presse funktioniert .
Im Februar des Jahres 2004 berichtete “ Bild ” unter Überschriften wie “ Deutsche Filmdiva in Wahrheit Porno - Star ” mehrfach verächtlich über die Schauspielerin Sibel Kekilli * .
Nur zehn Monate später kassierte das Blatt dafür eine heftige Rüge vom Deutschen Presserat .
Und nur fünfzehn weitere Monate später , insgesamt also über zwei Jahre nach ihren ursprünglichen Berichten , entledigt sich “ Bild ” der Selbstverpflichtung , diese Rüge zu veröffentlichen .
Heute , fast ganz unten auf Seite 4 :
( Ja , das ist die komplette Meldung .
Und als Größenvergleich rechts im gleichen Maßstab ein kleines “ g ” der Hauptschlagzeile von Seite 1 . )
Natürlich wissen die “ Bild ” - Leser , dass sich hinter Ziffer 1 des Pressekodex “ die Wahrung der Menschenwürde ” als eines der “ obersten Gebote der Presse ” verbirgt .
Und hinter Ziffer 12 das Verbot , jemanden aufgrund seines Geschlechtes oder seiner Zugehörigkeit zu einer “ rassischen , ethnischen , religiösen , sozialen oder nationalen Gruppe ” zu diskriminieren .
Klar , das musste “ Bild ” nicht erklären .
Und sicher war den “ Bild ” - Lesern auch bekannt , wie der Presserat seine Rüge begründete .
Dass nämlich die “ Bild ” - Berichterstattung die Betroffene “ entwürdigt ” hätte .
Denn , so wörtlich :
“ Das öffentliche Interesse deckt eine Form der Berichterstattung nicht , in der die Persönlichkeit der Betroffenen auf das reduziert wird , was man über diese in den Klappentexten von Pornofilmkassetten lesen kann . ”
Diesen Satz — und damit genug der Ironie — hat “ Bild ” nicht verstanden .
Aus der Rüge sei für die “ Bild ” - Redaktion “ nicht eindeutig ” hervorgegangen , über welche Verfehlungen sie die Leser hätte informieren wollen , sagte im Februar 2005 , ein Jahr nach den ursprünglichen Berichten , ein “ Bild ” - Sprecher .
Man habe daher den Presserat gebeten , die Ausführungen zu präzisieren .
Die Zwischenzeit hatte “ Bild ” genutzt , in anderer beleidigender Form über Kekilli zu berichten .
Zweimal untersagten Gerichte dies , einmal mit der Begründung , Kekilli sei im Rahmen einer Kampagne von “ Bild ” “ in höhnischer Weise herabgesetzt und verächtlich gemacht ” worden .
“ Ein derartiger Eingriff in die Würde eines Menschen ” sei durch die Freiheit der Berichterstattung “ nicht mehr gedeckt ” .
Ein knappes
Jahr später hatte der “ Bild ” - Sprecher eine neue Begründung dafür , dass “ Bild ” die Rüge noch nicht abgedruckt hatte .
Im Januar 2006 sagte er , die Rüge sei “ unter schweren Verstößen gegen die Verfahrensordnung zustande gekommen ” und man warte seit vielen Monaten auf eine Erklärung des Presserates , wie nun zu verfahren sei .
Gleichzeitig wartete der Presserat nach eigener Auskunft darauf , dass “ Bild ” die insgesamt sechs noch nicht abgedruckten öffentlichen Rügen aus dem Jahr 2004 noch drucken würde .
Offenbar hat man inzwischen miteinander gesprochen , verhandelt , gefeilscht , erklärt .
Und damit die Mühe nicht umsonst war , zeigen wir einfach noch mal das Ergebnis dieses jahrelangen Vorgangs :
Das wird “ Bild ” eine Lehre sein .
*) Die “ Bild ” - Autoren Bernhard Kelm und Patricia Dreyer veröffentlichten die Details über Kekillis Vergangenheit unmittelbar nachdem der Film “ Gegen die Wand ” mit ihr in der Hauptrolle den Goldenen Bären gewonnen hatte .
Die Zeitung “ berichtete ” über Kekilli unter anderem : “ Blasen gehört neben Doggystyle zu ihren bevorzugten Sexualpraktiken ” und veröffentlichte , auch online , Bilder aus den Pornos ( “ klicken Sie hier ” ) .
Kekilli sagte danach gegenüber der “ Frankfurter Allgemeinen Sonntagszeitung ” : “ Die ‘ Bild ’ - Zeitung sagt mir zum Beispiel : Wir wollen jetzt an deine Eltern ran .
Aber wir können sie in Ruhe lassen , wenn du uns ein Interview gibst .
Ich laß mich ganz bestimmt von denen nicht erpressen . ”
( Weiterlesen : Presserat : Mehr Rüge muss nicht sein . )
Reporter 's Notebook : Highlights from the 2007 Annual Meeting of the American Historical Association
Mr. Shenkman is the editor of HNN .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
mo yi yi -
9/24/2010 http://www.jerseysgreat.com
Peter K. Clarke - 10/9/2007
Among the " root causes " of this unfortunate incident must be included the addiction of cities such as Atlantto motor vehicle transportation .
Such near - total domination of cars over pedestrians makes it unthinkable to hold major events for out - of - towners without huge thoroughfares of traffic , fueled by the key revenue source for Mideast - terrorist - financiers , running through the middle of those gatherings as a constant disruptive hassle and hazard .
Karenda K Willson - 1/25/2007
It is good to know that the police are doing their job and getting those violent jaywalkers off the streets and not raiding crack houses or following up on crime victims from rape , child abuse , spousal abuse , etc . .
I am thankful they are focused on the hard crimes like jaywalking .
adam richard schrepfer - 1/21/2007 Lisa ,
I ll spell this out and make it real clear since you are having a difficult time .
If you are involved in police work you probably wo n't let people just blow off your requests .
You are right it 's not just about safety but also authority .
As participants in society do n't you think that we should respect police officers ?
I do n't know , maybe acknowledge them when they are speaking to us ...
Do n't you want that in your classes from your students ??
Anyway I admire your heroism in standing against the Atlanta PD .
My only hope is that they pay attention to you next time you lay your life on the line for the right to J walk .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/19/2007
Nice non-answer .
So , picking on my supposed lack of logic explains why no one said squat , huh ?
My point was that they did n't care just then about safety .
What was it ?
Pick on the little guy with the foreign accent and intimidate others ?
Well , I was n't intimidated .
So it did n't work .
I did n't care .
Guess it pays to dare someone to question you .
Or was someone afraid I 'd hit 'em with my cane ?
Thomas Bockhorn - 1/18/2007
By the nature of their training , police officers especially with the aftermath of 9/11 will use overwhelming force to enforce the rules .
Both the Hilton and Marriott should have hired their own " traffic cops " if you will and regulated the flow of historians .
Or block that particular part of the street off from traffic so there would be no need for historians to be in fear of police .
Eugene Phillips - 1/17/2007
It is best to do what the policeman tell you to do -- particularly in Istanbul , or be willing to accept the consequences .
I grew up in Atlanta and found Atlanta Police to be no more unreasonable than those in Chicago for example .
adam richard schrepfer - 1/17/2007
You are right I should not call the person pathetic ..... their outrage and comments are pathetic ....
adam richard schrepfer - 1/17/2007 Dear Lisa Kazmier ,
Your logic NEVER ceases to amaze me ... and I do n't mean that in a good way .
If you are a police officer , do you detain a male who blows off your authority or a women with a cane ?
Also if you have just detained Dr. Fernandez does it make any sense to FURTHER escalate the situation by arresting a women with a cane ?????????
Guy Wells - 1/15/2007
This might be the most astute question asked to date -- who was paying the Atlanta officers to do what they did ?
The hotel ?
First reaction on reading of the incident was to want to punish Atlanta somehow , and no doubt its PD is a tempting target , but the actual culprit might be closer to home .
Craig Michael Loftin - 1/15/2007
Just because you disagree with someone does n't mean you need to call them " pathetic . "
Why make such an attack ?
Why not just say " I disagree " and explain your position ?
Why attack someone you do not know and have never met ?
Lisa Kazmier - 1/15/2007
Well , I challenged them because frankly I was too tired and hurting to walk any further .
I walked right under the police tape , then across the street , then right past 'em .
Nothing happened .
Hence I could n't imagined that was the reason that Dr. Fernandez - Armesto was on the ground .
I figured if I had trouble it would be because I was doing it in front of them .
But no .
Care to comment ?
Apparently American women with canes can flout their authority -- best I can figure .
adam richard schrepfer - 1/15/2007 Lisa ,
Question .
If you are a police officer in a position of authority , who do you let challenge your authority .
A man or a woman with a cane ?
If you can't answer that question honestly you have no concept of authority whatsoever .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/15/2007
Since you know so much , why do n't you address the question that I 've posed .
Given the situation , I jaywalked RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE POLICE .
They did NOTHING .
All 10 of 'em or so were apparently too wrapped up in their arrest of Bin Laden Fernandez - Armesto , I guess .
I walked right past them and they apparently did n't notice a woman walking with a cane ( an excellent weapon , too ) ?
Peter August Kurilecz - 1/14/2007
" The AHA should send a letter to the mayor of Atlanta saying that the association will never hold its conventions there again . "
so then historians are above obeying the laws ?
i would be very interested in know ing how much the various historians spent in Atlanta .
That is what really determines whether or not a city wishes to host a convention .
Carlos Alberto Barbouth - 1/13/2007
Well and very eloquently put : " it is simply fascinating to watch the force of class , elocution , grace , intelligence , education , media exposure measured against the brute force of the atlanta PD " .
My feelings exactly .
What a learning experience to watch the video !
In fact , it motivated me to research a bit about the hideous crime ( as Prof. Fernandez - Armesto put it ) of " jaywalking " , and found a site which examines the subject from various angles :
1 Etymology
2 Legality
3 Causes
4 Safety
5 Driver cooperation
6 References
The site is : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaywalking
But surely there is much more to it , and I feel it represents fertile and relatively unexplored ground for Prof.
Fernandez - Armesto to enlighten us about in a future work of his .
Steven R Alvarado - 1/13/2007
Thank you for some sanity in these inane posting (s ) .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/13/2007
Those ideas , again , make sense .
Maybe the comment about ignorance and the overriding desire to use force also does , too .
I still have not seen anyone confront my story .
I jaywalked RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE ARREST and no one said squat to me .
I 've offered several theories , none of which reflect any concern whatsoever for the safety of attendees .
Hence why I think your ideas would n't have helped .
I believe another agenda existed , or I would have been cautioned or something else ( and I would have been mad and mouthed off ) .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/13/2007
Because you make , I doubt it will happen .
The reason -- money .
They think the cheap answer of a show arrest or force beats some other " answer . "
Heck , those two hotels are right across the street BUT to get from the lobby of one to the other , it was convoluted and not - at - all obvious .
I had to ask at least once , and I think I wound up asking AHA people vs. hotel people .
Someone at the HQ for those individual hotels likely does n't want a joint idea to take place because they think it hurts them but during these conventions where attendees cannot possibly stay at one play , they ought to reconsider .
Jesse Lemisch - 1/13/2007
Of course the cops are at fault .
But I have seen no mention of the responsibility of the city and the two hotels .
Although there must be endless conventions that go back and forth between two hotels , they always hold back on directions to the other hotel .
It took about 20 years for me to figure out how to get from the one to the other in DC .
So the ultimate fault is with the hotels for not providing clear directions and easy access back and forth .
The city is also at fault for ignoring this chronic problem and finding no solution other than arrest .
Meantime , AHA and OAH ought to insist , when planning meetings in neighboring hotels , that these problems be resolved .
Jesse Lemisch
HNN - 1/13/2007
Regarding the arrest of Prof Fernandez - Armesto for jaywalking , in my view as an Atlanta resident you 've missed the context of this story .
Just a few months ago the Atlanta police murdered a 94 year old Black woman , breaking into her home in response to false information that drug dealers were occupying the premises .
This woman was a matriarchal pillar of her neighborhood , and her needless death has sent shock waves throughout the city .
The actions of the cops reflect a disconnect between the local community and the police .
Anyone in the neighborhood could have told them an elderly and respected woman lived at the address , but the police had been unable to discover such an obvious fact .
The incident joins a long list of other such police actions in NYC and other cities , and it occurred in 2006 just after the 100th anniversary of the Atlanta race riot .
I hope HNN will make an effort to follow up on your report and establish that the police conduct fits into a pattern both locally and nationally .
Other considerations complicate the situation .
You might point out that it was raining on and off during the days the AHA was meeting .
I do n't know if it was raining at the time of the incident , but the rain made it particularly tempting to jaywalk and particularly dangerous .
Courtland
St is southbound , and the intersection north of the hotels , with Harris St. , has no traffic light , and the drivers tends to speed down this " chute . "
So the police may have felt justified in protecting the conference attendees from a greater danger of being struck down by speeding cars .
More considerate solutions could have been found .
For instance , planting a couple of police cruisers just north of Harris
St with lights flashing would have slowed the traffic .
Then officers could have directed traffic from mid-block , allowing pedestrians to cross from hotel entrance to hotel entrance .
Or the police could have alerted both the AHA and the hotels to caution members / guests that jaywalking was dangerous and laws would be strictly enforced .
But either of these remedies would have required some imagination and cooperation , which the police killing indicates are lacking .
David H Slavin
adjunct prof .
Emory University
Lorraine Paul - 1/13/2007
How anyone could defend the actions of these Atlanta policemen is beyond me !
Actually their behaviour was reminiscent of stormtroopers rather than the actions of those who are there to ostensibly protect us .
If they had challenged and / or arrested all of those who ' offended ' then a case might be made , however , from the comments above , this was not the case .
Was the ' mild - mannered professor ' singled out ?
If so , why ?
I am also very sad that when I toured the US , back in 1999 , everywhere I went I was treated with kindness , courtesy and helpfulness by strangers .
Has the fact of 9/11 turned those with some authority into becoming power - mad and suspicious ?
Very sad !
Lisa Kazmier - 1/12/2007
Well , guess what -- I 'm going to confess .
I JAYWALKED RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE POLICE WHILE THEY WERE EN MASS ARRESTING MR .
FERNANDEZ -ARMESTO .
Heck , I practically walked right past them .
I even picked up the police tape on the opposite side of the street and ducked under it to cross the street .
Did the police accost me ?
Nope .
Did they ask me for ID ?
Nope .
Did they say anything to me ?
Nope .
Why do you think that is ?
Gender ?
Race ?
The fact that I had a cane ( hmm , a weapon -- maybe I 'm a terrorist ... ) ?
Thus , jaywalking is NOT the basis for what happened imo .
It was about the cop being upset for not getting whatever answers or genuflecting he wanted .
Maybe he expected the smallish man to be intimidated ?
Maybe he singled him out as a foreigner ?
I do n't know but I hardly think this is about jaywalker or someone has to explain to me why they showed that they could n't care less that I FLOUTED this " law " RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM and no one really showed any concern ( the ironic thing is , too , I find people tend to really try to be helpful and considerate of me when I walk with my cane and / or am so tired that I noticably limp or show difficulty doing thing ) .
No one at the AJC opted to address that question , yet I told them too that I jaywalked right in front of the cops .
Interesting ?
Lisa Kazmier - 1/12/2007
Let me tell ya , I was strongly thinking about it , but that is also a sure ticket to being arrested for " interfering with police work . "
If I had seen it from the start , I might have done it .
I have a big mouth and shoot it off often w/o warning or thought .
adam richard schrepfer - 1/12/2007 Marion
I like this suggestion .
adam richard schrepfer - 1/12/2007 Mimi you are pathetic .... if you do n't drink underage or drive with a tale light out in your car then you are a boring person ???
Ok ...
I 'm sorry that it 's so hard for you to understand cooperating and respecting police officers .
( the oral sex one well ....
I might just have to agree with you on that but I do n't think the Atlanta police will find out about that anytime soon )
Rodney Huff - 1/12/2007
I do n't think anyone has forgotten that the professor jaywalked and that jaywalking is illegal .
That the professor did something wrong is taken , throughout these posts , as a matter of fact - a total non-issue .
That jaywalking is the " root cause " of the professor 's treatment is a moot point , since others who have posted here - and arguably many others who have not - have jaywalked the streets of Atlanta and have been altogether ignored by the police .
I find it amusing that you seem to think you shed light on this issue by shining a light on a non-issue .
Advice :
Be careful you do n't sound like an apologist for the abuse and misuse of power .
It piques my curiosity that you , a citizen of Atlanta who is subject to this same police force , does n't join the chorus condemning this blatant misuse of police power , especially in light of other cases of abuse now roiling the Atlanta police .
I 'm thinking of the police who shot and killed an old woman in her home after lying to obtain a no - knock search warrant .
Things that " should " make you go hmmm ... immediately followed by " what the f@ck ! ? "
Mimi Ka - 1/12/2007 clue phone ?
Obey the law avoid problems ?
I do n't understand .
If you 're saying , ' get a clue : obey the law and you will avoid problems ' - well , duh .
Are you saying that you 've never jaywalked , performed oral sex , drank underage , driven with a broken taillight , etc. etc. etc . ?
If not , wow , you 're boring .
If you have , the Atlanta PD have the legal right to assault you , and they fully intend to do so as soon as they get the chance .
Sadly , this is where my tax dollars go : for the PD to beat up jaywalkers , rather than actually keeping the peace .
Patrick Timmons - 1/12/2007 January 12 , 2007
From the New York Times
Fatal Raid Linked to Lies for Warrant in Drug Case
By SHAILA DEWAN
ATLANTA , Jan. 11 — A narcotics team that shot and killed an elderly woman while raiding her home lied to obtain the search warrant , one team member has told federal investigators , according to news reports confirmed by a person familiar with the investigation who requested anonymity .
The officers falsely claimed that a confidential informant had bought $ 50 worth of crack at the house , the team member , Gregg Junnier , told the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
Mr. Junnier retired from the Atlanta Police Department last week .
The story backs up statements by Alex White , a police informant , who said that after the shooting the police had asked him to claim , falsely , that he had bought crack at the modest home of the woman , Kathryn Johnston , whose age has been reported as both 88 and 92 .
Ms. Johnston , pictured wearing a birthday crown in a widely used photograph , quickly became Exhibit A for complaints of excessive force by the police , prompting packed , angry town - hall - style meetings , accusations of systematic civil rights violations and calls for civilian review of police shootings in Atlanta .
The incident has also demoralized a police force where the number of narcotics officers has dwindled while , some critics say , pressure to make arrests has increased .
“ The rest of the world is now hearing from the mouths of the police officers involved what we knew all along , ” said the Rev. Markel Hutchins , a spokesman for Ms. Johnston ’s relatives , who have maintained that she had nothing to do with illegal drugs and that neither her house nor her basement , which had a separate entrance , was used by dealers .
Spokesmen with the F.B.I. ’s Atlanta office and the United States attorney here declined to comment .
The shooting occurred on Nov. 21 , after three members of the narcotics team arrested a suspected street marijuana dealer , Fabian Sheats , who said he could help the officers hook a bigger fish .
Mr. Sheats pointed out Ms. Johnston ’s house on Neal Street , near a high - crime area , saying a dealer there had a kilogram of cocaine .
The officers , according to the reports of Mr. Junnier ’s account , tried to get an informant to the house to make a drug buy .
But when that effort hit a snag , a request for a search warrant was drawn up anyway .
The paper , signed by Officer J. R. Smith , one of the three officers who made the arrest , claimed that a buy had been made from a dealer named Sam , and that a “ no - knock ” warrant was needed because Sam had security cameras outside the house — another detail that was fabricated , according to the accounts of what Mr. Junnier told the F.B.I .
Mr. Smith ’s lawyer , JohnGarland , declined to comment .
After a judge signed the warrant , the officers pried open Ms. Johnston ’s burglar bars and broke down her door .
She responded with gunshots from a handgun that neighbors said she kept for defense .
The officers , three of whom were injured , returned fire and killed her .
No cocaine was found .
Mr. Junnier ’s lawyer , Rand Csehy , confirmed that his client was cooperating with investigators .
William McKenney , a lawyer for Arthur Tesler , the third officer involved in the arrest , said his client would also cooperate .
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/12/us/12atlanta.html?_r=1&oref=slogin&pagewanted=print
adam richard schrepfer - 1/12/2007 Mima Ka ....
Ohh I 'm crying sooo hard right now...waaaaaaaaaaaaghhhhhhhhhh ...... clue phone..obey the law avoid problems ...
Marion Huxtable - 1/12/2007
I am a member of the Non Motorized Transportation Advisory Board of Port Townsend Washington .
I send my sympathies to professor Fernandez - Armesta and the AHA for the atrocious behavior of the Atlanta Police .
The AHA could perform a public service by requesting that the city of Atlanta install a mid block crossing between the two hotels for the benefit of guests and conference attendees and also that the police be stationed to assist conference attendees to cross the street by stopping cars .
Mimi Ka - 1/11/2007
The problem with the Atlanta PD is exactly that .
Their prime goal is always use the maximum amount of force allowed to them by the law .
They never seek to achieve some other goal , like ... preserve order or keep the peace .
Instead , they find a civilian who has broken a law , and then beat him up during the arrest .
Why ?
Because they can !
They have a military attitude , where we are the enemy .
Not a policeman attitude , where we are all citizens of the same community .
Mimi Ka - 1/11/2007 as is fitting in the home place of Martin Luther King and cite non-violent resistance .
We are a violent city , with a violent , history .
Louche is a rather accurate description for our police force , as is overzealous .
Obviously the state is inherently violent , and of course the state of Georgia , with our history of slavery , war , lynchings and riots , is especially so .
But the good Professor is showing us EXACTLY what to do about it .
I have watched this interview with glee several times - because it is simply fascinating to watch the force of class , elocution , grace , intelligence , education , media exposure measured against the brute force of the atlanta PD , judo , bomber jackets , handcuffs , searches , detention power - and who won ?
Professor Fernandez - Armesto , of course .
He may look harmless and pathologically law - abiding .
But , with his spectacles and his peppermints , he has made his point .
He will not be corralled or bullied easily - it will take the full , brute , ugly , force of the law , and then he will demonstrate exactly how much more powerful the pen is than the sword .
Love it .
DeWayne Edward Benson - 1/11/2007
What you are all forgetting , historians are a dangerous lot , six or seven Officers under these circumstances are indeed called for .
When will these riotous gangs such as these historians stop congregating and despoiling our cities ?
Law breakers , the whole bunch .
DeWayne Edward Benson - 1/11/2007
Am not acquainted with the local constbulary of this city , but wish to include my congratulations to the Historians and their declaration regarding the Bush - Admin's .
illegal war in Iraq .
Howard Fore - 1/11/2007
I find it amusing ( in a sad way ) to read all these comments of outrage and indignation .
Regardless of how Mr. Fernandez - Armesto was treated , the root cause was the infraction of jaywalking .
This is complete glossed over .
In Atlanta there is a lot of pressure coming from residents ( me ) on the police to crackdown on motorists ( also me ) who do n't pay proper attention to pedestrians ( sometimes me again ) who are in the crosswalk .
The other side of the coin is that pedestrians need to behave in a predictable manner .
Crossing in the middle of the block is not behaving in a predictable manner .
Mr. Fernandez - Armesto broke the law when he crossed in the middle of the block and the police were well within their rights ( and obligations ) to address that .
Events that transpired after that no matter how heinous can be directly traced back to the jaywalking .
If officers did not act properly after the initial attempt to intervene with Mr. Fernandez - Armesto , they should be dealt with appropriately .
But do not forget that this would not have happened if Mr. Fernandez - Armesto had decided to walk to the end of the block and wait a few minutes for the light to change .
Sammy Kamatu - 1/10/2007
You wrote :
***
The report pretty well confirms Fernandez - Ernesto's story : the police officer refused to show his badge or other identification which would confirm his authority .
***
Because , as the officer points out in the incident report , a uniformed officer is not required to show identification .
Jonathan Dresner - 1/10/2007
Thanks for the document .
The report pretty well confirms Fernandez - Ernesto's story : the police officer refused to show his badge or other identification which would confirm his authority .
Moreover , having lived in cities like Atlanta , I can say that a whistle from across the street , and someone shouting from that distance , just does n't usually register as something directed at oneself .
Sammy Kamatu - 1/10/2007
Historians , please show some interest in gathering facts .
You do n't get arrested for jaywalking ( you receive a citation ) .
You get arrested for failing to obey a lawful order and similar offenses .
Professor Prima Donna received a whistled warning not to jaywalk before he chose to do so .
http://alt.coxnewsweb.com/ajc/metro/MetJayWalk.pdf
Barrett J. Archer - 1/9/2007
You'd think more historians would be familiar with the Monty Python reference in the initial post .
David Gerard - 1/9/2007
Sorry , that link did n't work ; it 's in http://uncyclopedia.org/wiki/Category:9_January_2007
David Gerard - 1/9/2007 http://uncyclopedia.org/wiki/UnNews:Seditious_%22historian%22_executed_for_terrorist_jaywalking
sam shannon - 1/9/2007
As a foreigner arriving in Florida , I was instructed to always request ID from all officials .
This seemed a little odd , but inline with the general sense of paranoia I continued to encounter .
The question is how can asking for ID initiate any other response than the presentation of appropriate credentials ?
I was under the impression that American police were required to identify themselves .
I too , am scared of attracting the attention of police , in fear of some unknown minor infringement impacting my visa status .
Charles S Young - 1/9/2007
Here 's what the AHA should demand of the Atlanta cops .
Seriously .
The officers involved should be required to watch the entire video interview with Fernandez - Armesto .
It really communicates how mean and stupid the main cop was .
The prolonged , understated British humour will also no doubt be excruciating .
And where were Armesto's colleagues ?
Why were they not pouring out of the Hilton and throwing their bodies in front of the paddy wagon ?
Academics ....
Charles Bittner - 1/9/2007
The AJC is writing a follow - up story , which will be published on 1/10 .
If you witnessed this incident please call Christian at the AJC .
His cell phone number is 678-910 - 8718 .
Scott Morgan Keels - 1/9/2007
So , if these officers were hired by the hotels , which knew of the tendency of their guests to cross the street at that point , why were n't the officers directed to act as crossing guards and HELP people cross the street , instead of acting like bullies ?
This incident begs the question of what sort of brutality the Atlanta police must be inflicting on someone that 's not a thin white man in a suit .
Maybe these officers would have been more effective at curbing jay walking by displaying their intentions by wearing brown shirts and goose - stepping instead .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/9/2007
Thanks for posting that .
The last sentence is really good .
Do n't know if I will contribute to that well or not but I did post something on the AJC website and wrote a letter to the editor about the article , since it was too late for me to call before publication .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/9/2007 Yep .
I forgot about that .
It came after the arrest , but yes , walking between the Marriott and Hilton was an adventure .
Trevor Russell Getz - 1/9/2007
One might add that for much of the conference it was impossible to cross at either crosswalk as they were both entirely flooded with water by a very brief storm .
Charles Bittner - 1/8/2007
I , like every other reasonable person , am outraged by the horrible treatment of Prof Fernandez - Armesto , and have been in contact with Christian Bennett of the Atlanta Journal - Constitution .
Christian interviewed the professor this evening , and will write a story about the incident in tomorrow 's ( 1/9 ) AJC .
If any AHA attendees witnessed the arrest , please contact Christian , as soon as possible , at 404-526-5953 .
In addition , I encourage all historians to write letters to the editor of the AJC after the story is released .
Professor Fernandez - Armesto has suffered both physical and emotional injuries .
In my opinion , it is critical that acts of this kind of brutality are investigated , widely reported and condemned .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/8/2007
Thanks for confirming .
I knew I got to the hotel before noon but was n't sure when I went to the Hilton .
I was pretty sure I saw this unfold early in the pm .
Thanks again .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/8/2007 Keystone cops ?
I did n't do a head count but I thought there was a whole lot of 'em there .
You 'd think they got bin Laden or something .
They must be trying to look like fools .
I mean , even if they were augmenting security and were looking at some weird risk to historians ( are we really a target ? ) , how does a jaywalking guy in a suit constitute a legimate suspect ?
I did it RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM .
Nothing happened .
Anyone wanna speculate on that ?
Chris Bray - 1/8/2007
Eight officers visible in the photograph , with descriptions of the arrest putting the total number on hand at ten .
To arrest a jaywalker .
Were the Atlanta police actively trying to look like a gang of idiots ?
Please keep us updated about any further developments .
Michael Bowen - 1/8/2007
I spoke with the policeman on Friday regarding his patrol .
He was on " private detail , " and his wages were not paid by the City of Atlanta at that time .
He was paid by the Hilton to stop people from jaywalking because , apparently , there have been a number of accidents caused by people crossing between the two hotels .
Jonathan Dresner - 1/8/2007
It was Thursday , about 12:15 .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/8/2007 Julie ,
The jaywalking incident did not occur on Saturday .
I like the other historian were getting badges at the Hilton .
I arrived on Thursday late morning and went over to the Hilton that afternoon .
I am 99 % sure the incident took place then and people only got wind of what happened ( who was being arrested and why ) later on .
The reporter never clarifies the timing but I was there and I remember heading over to get my badge , which makes the event Thursday .
Tim R. Furnish - 1/7/2007
I meant " THERE might be more " and " Rick . "
Gee , I should not post past 7 PM !
Tim R. Furnish - 1/7/2007 Anarcho - capitalist !?
Wow .... that 's a new one on me .
Methinks that might be more to this story than Rich is reporting ( I mean , perhaps the police version would be good to hear ) .
In my time here in Atlanta I can also say , however , that the Atlanta / Fulton County police have been known to overreact to perceived slights to their authority ( most notably at the airport ) .
I do know that every time I crossed the street between the hotels , leaving the Hilton , I was careful to do so at the corner crosswalks for two reasons : 1 ) I know full well what jackasses Atlanta drivers are , and 2 ) I had heard the cops posted there already yelling at folks NOT to cross in the middle of the street -- and I learned long ago not to antagonize cops .
Jonathan Dresner - 1/7/2007 Mr. Stepp is an " anarcho - capitalist " libertarian , so I 'm pretty sure that is , indeed , his position .
Julie Stout - 1/7/2007 Hello .
Unfortunately , I missed the jaywalking incident , but I must tell you all that while I at the annual meeting on Friday , I was robbed at approximately 10 o'clock in the morning when I was walking back to the Mariott Marquis .
Another historian , Mark Mc- something or other , ( forgive me , not good with names when just been a victim of crime ) who was walking from his session at the Hilton back to the Sheraton where he was staying , witnessed the incident and was kind enough to escort me back to the Mariott in order to wait in the lobby there at the bell station for Atlanta police to respond .
Now , what I would like to know , ladies and gentlemen , where were these EIGHT COPS , eight of them , count eight , WHERE was Homeland Security when a woman is being robbed ?
There were no eight cops there .
The reason there were eight cops there on SATURDAY was because on SATURDAY there were carpenters picketing non-union contractors doing construction on the Marriott .
If any member recovers my purse , along with my wallet , drivers license , house keys , car keys , prescription medicine , do let me know at julieannstout @ yahoo.com as I will not be returning to Atlanta .
Tim R. Furnish - 1/7/2007 Oh .
You 're probably right .
But does that mean the state should , ideally , wither away ?
Jonathan Dresner - 1/7/2007
I think Stepp means the state as a political hegemony , not specifically Georgia .
John Van Sant - 1/7/2007
As others have already commented , this is a disgrace and the Atlanta police should be strongly condemned by the AHA .
The AHA should also send official complaints to the managers of the Hilton , the Marriott , the Westin , and the Hyatt hotels as the police officers were there to allegedly protect the patrons of these hotels .
Tim R. Furnish - 1/7/2007
Well , I 'm a historian and I 've lived in Atlanta for 7 years now .
So I am not a native here .
But I think that it 's a bit ridiculous to smear the whole state because of ONE incident .
Craig Michael Loftin - 1/7/2007
I just returned from AHA and in the spirit of the jaywalking incident , must report that I witnessed an incident of potential police brutality literally five seconds after stepping onto the downtown streets from the MARTA station upon arriving in Atlanta .
As I was trying to figure out which way to go to the Hilton , a young African American male ( maybe 14 or 15 ) suddenly ran by me in a sprint , and then changed direction , and he was being chased by someone .
I turned around and noticed that the kid ran right into a cop ( white for the record ) .
The cop grabbed the kid , threw him on the ground , and I saw him punch the kid very hard in the face before putting cuffs on him .
It resembled several recent police bruatlity cases here in LA that were caught on tape .
The kid was small and unarmed .
This was my welcome to Atlanta .
Clifford Matthew Kuhn - 1/7/2007
This is a disgrace .
As a resident of Atlanta , I can guarantee you that the police have more important things to attend to than going after jaywalking historians .
I would be happy to assist with any communication between AHA and the City of Atlanta .
Cliff Kuhn
Georgia State University
William J. Stepp - 1/7/2007
You mean the violence inherent in the state .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/7/2007
I totally agree .
And let me state I was there , with my cane , and I know exactly why anyone would " jaywalk " between those two hotels because I did it right as they arrested this gentleman .
I even joked that I would beat them with my cane if they tried to arrest me because I was so tired and my leg hurt and I would be dammed if I had to walk to the end of the block to cross the street .
I was talking to someone about the incident .
There was at least 10 cops there and the man was sitting basically on the ground and handcuffed and we were wondering what the heck he did to be arrested ( he was wearing a suit as the image shows and he is not a big guy ) .
Either the cops did n't see me do this , though I walked right under some police tape or they figured arresting a woman with a cane for refusing to walk 50 + feet to not cross in the middle of a block was n't worth it .
Maybe the fact that I was limping and / or I 'm an American made a difference .
I definitely think a formal complaint is in order .
There were WAAAY too many cops there to take in one person for such a petty thing .
Did n't they have something better to do ?
Edwin Moise - 1/7/2007
I was stopped for jaywalking during what , if I recall correctly , was the AHA convention in Dallas in 1979 .
The officer treated me with complete courtesy , and did n't give me a ticket , but questioned me at some length about who I was and what I was doing .
I am pretty sure I know what was going on .
I was at the AHA to interview for a job , which I needed rather badly .
Compared to that , a jaywalking ticket simply was not important enough for me to worry about .
So I was too calm .
A good policeman will become very alert , very curious , when encountering a man who shows an abnormal lack of nervousness while dealing with the police .
Rich Scillia - 1/7/2007
The AHA should send a letter to the mayor of Atlanta saying that the association will never hold its conventions there again .
You'd think that the Atlanta cops would have better things to do .
Is there an ulterior motive behind this ?
Were they retaliating for the anti-war resolution ?
Jason Blake Keuter - 1/7/2007
The violence inherent in the system .
I propose a massive jaywalk to Atlanta .
Lisa Kazmier - 1/6/2007
I'm at the AHA and would have played poker too .
If I go next year , I 'd love to play .
How do I find that historian ?
Dynamic messages : a tour of Pepsi 16 October , 2006
Ian Piumarta is already known for the efforts on the Unix port of Squeak .
The last Ian work is Pepsi , a dynamic - compiled language which is promising very well .
Weekly Squeak has just done some questions to him , and a deep analysis of Pepsi .
Giorgi : What are exactly Id and Pepsi ?
Piumarta : ‘ Id ‘ is an object model .
It ’s the simplest possible model that
permits an object to receive a message without introducing any early bound assumptions in the mechanisms .
‘ Pepsi ‘ is a generic name for the universe of simple object models and
languages that can be built directly on top of Id .
These exist mainly to provide a message - oriented foundation for making object structures in .
‘ Idst ‘ is a Smalltalk - like syntax ( and object library ) built on Id using
prototypes rather than [ meta ] classes .
The runtime is entirely
dynamic but the code compiles to a static ( native ) executable .
And now the code !
I have downloaded the code found in http://piumarta.com/pepsi/
The source pack has a lot of example .
With Pepsi , Ian rewrote a pice of Smalltalk library using a prototype - based approach ( like Self or IoLanguage ) .
There are a lot of concepts , and this article is not going to explore them all .
These are the major point in my own opinion :
Id provide a compiled executable with dynamic message sending and a Garbage Collector .
Id is based on Self , and it is able to create “ slot ” for objects and to attach methods to them .
You can mix C - code and “ Id ” code in a very simple way .
So it is easy to integrate with O.S. services .
The idea is quite the opposite of Objective - C : you think in terms of objects all the time ( as in SmallTalk ) .
Then you “ come back ” to C - Language for the dirty part of your work .
I have done some basic stuff using the Java Native Interface ( JNI ) and the “ id compiler ” seems to me simpler to use .
Very very very flexible .
You can find more interesting example like :
A port of the Squeak Virtual Machine ( sqvm ) .
The VM is able to interpret a “ mini ” squeak image even if is not very fast .
An X11 Integration example
Some more complex examples based on Jolt , an implementation of Coke .
The id compiler ( idc ) works well under cygwin too , so it seems to me quite independent from the O.S. and the available libraries .
This approach is far more promising then the interpreted one out of there ; more notably , FScript is very nice , but is interpreted and limited to a Cocoa implementation .
Id instead is still a bit slow , but you can tune it where you need using a snippet of C - code .
About Giovanni Giorgi
Born in the 1974 , he is working as a professional IT Software Architect from year 2000 .
In the free time he likes doing trip and reading books .
His blog has some interesting photo about his trips and he uses Smalltalk from 1996
Do Women Shy Away From Competition ?
" There are ' large gender differences in the propensity to choose competitive environments ' and this needs to be taken into account in understanding why women are under - represented in many fields of work . "
The proportion of women in highly paid executive positions and in the professorial ranks of academic science and engineering is low relative to the proportion of women in the labor force .
A number of explanations for this difference have been advanced .
If women do not enjoy the kind of work involved in high profile managerial positions or scientific careers , or if the long working hours required in these careers conflict with the ability to raise children , then women may avoid them .
Because women on the whole are less likely to be in the highest scoring group on tests of mathematical achievement , they also may be less likely as a group to be successful in competitive science and engineering positions that reward mathematical talent .
Some also have argued that past discrimination has kept women from highly paid executive and academic positions , and that women subsequently avoided those careers simply to escape discrimination .
In Do Women Shy Away From Competition ?
Do Men Compete Too Much ?
( NBER Working Paper No. 11474 ) , co-authors Muriel Niederle and Lise Vesterlund consider another possibility , that women as a group dislike competition more than men , even if they are of the same ability .
If women seek to avoid competition , then they may be less successful in obtaining promotions and more lucrative jobs .
To test their hypothesis , the authors put 80 paid volunteers through a series of short tasks compensated either on a competitive winner - take - all or on a non-competitive piecework basis .
In each trial , groups of four participants , always two women and two men , were given the job of finding the correct sum for as many sets of five two - digit numbers as they could in five minutes .
The payment for the first task was awarded on a non-competitive basis by paying a piece rate of 50 cents for each correct answer .
Payment for the second task was a competitive winner - take - all " tournament . "
Losers received nothing and the person in each group with the largest number of correct answers was awarded $ 2 per correct answer .
For the third task , participants chose either piecework payment or the tournament compensation .
Men and women answered the same number of problems correctly under both compensation systems .
But when allowed to choose compensation rates for the third task , 75 percent of the men chose tournament compensation while only 35 percent of the women did so .
When the authors compare men and women with the same performance in the second - task tournament , the women have about a 38 percent lower probability of entering the subsequent tournament than the men .
This implies that among high performing participants -- that is , participants who earn more money from the tournament than the piece rate -- more men than women enter the tournament .
Among low performing participants , it is the men who enter the tournament too much , and hence do not earn as much as they could .
In this experiment , large gender differences in tournament entry can be observed , even in a case where women are as good as men , where discrimination is absent , and where the time spent on each task is limited , so that time conflicts with raising children are not an issue .
What can account for this gender difference ?
One possibility why men enter a tournament so much more than women do is that men may feel more confident about their ability ( even though they are not actually better ) .
While both men and women are overconfident about their relative performance in the second - task tournament , men are much more so .
About 75 percent of the men believe that they won the second - task tournament of four participants .
Naturally , most of them are wrong .
However , even comparing men and women who have the same beliefs about their relative performance in the second - task tournament ( for example , only comparing men and women who thought that they won ) , the men decide to participate in the subsequent tournament at a much higher rate than the women .
The gender difference for tournament entry remains about 30 percentage points .
Other possible explanations are that women may shy away from tournaments because they dislike facing the possibility of not being paid for their performance , that is they are more risk averse , or they dislike receiving feedback about their relative performance .
A final and fourth task in this study shows that these are indeed factors that can contribute to women and men behaving differently .
However , they cannot explain the majority of the gender differences in deciding whether or not to enter a tournament .
The authors conclude that there are " large gender differences in the propensity to choose competitive environments " and that this needs to be taken into account in understanding why women are under - represented in many fields of work -- Linda Gorman
The Digest is not copyrighted and may be reproduced freely with appropriate attribution of source .
When New England inventor Philip French had his epiphany 15 years ago , he did n't dream it would lead to an invention that would be pressed into service in a top - secret government project , or spawn an epic court battle over the limits of executive power .
He was just admiring a tennis ball .
The ball 's seam , with its two symmetrical halves embracing each other in a graceful curve , intrigued him .
" I thought , my god , I bet you can do something with that kind of shape , " he recalls .
He was right .
French and two colleagues went on to design and patent a device now called the Crater Coupler , a simple , foolproof connector for linking one pipe or cable to another without nut threads or bolted flanges .
The device is interesting on its own , but the broader legal legacy of the invention may be more important .
In a little - noticed opinion this month , a federal appeals court ruled against the Crater Coupler patent holders and upheld a sweeping interpretation of the controversial " state secrets privilege " – an executive power handed down from the English throne under common law that lets the government effectively kill civil lawsuits deemed a threat to national security , even if the state is not a party to the suit .
The ruling is notable as a rare appellate interpretation of the state secrets privilege as it applies to patent holders .
As such , it is a potentially worrying development for inventors – particularly those developing weapons , surveillance and anti-terror technologies for government contractors – who may find infringement claims dismissed without a hearing under the auspices of national security .
It also offers a fascinating , if limited , view into the machinery of official secrecy at a time when the privilege is being exercised as never before .
" It 's the most powerful privilege the government has , " says William Weaver , senior adviser to the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition .
" It 's the nuclear option .
It never fails . "
French says he and his partners – Charles Monty and Steven Van Keiren – got the first inkling of a national security application for the Crater Coupler a decade ago .
While shopping the new design around to " a whole mess of quick - disconnect companies , " the trio received an intriguing inquiry from Lucent Technologies , the reincarnation of the legendary Bell Labs research center , and at that time still part of AT&T .
Lucent wanted to evaluate the Crater Coupler for use as a fiber - optic " wetmate " – an airtight connector for two fiber - optic cables designed to operate underwater .
It was part of a contract with a U.S. government agency that , the company said , would have to remain unnamed .
" It was a secret black job , they could n't divulge what it was for , " says French .
" Who it was for , the Navy or the CIA , or who knows , they never said . "
A Lucent spokesman confirmed that the company had contact with French in 1995 , but would n't discuss the details , citing government secrecy concerns .
But according to French , the inventors agreed to help Lucent try to adapt the Crater Coupler to the company 's needs , with the expectation that Lucent would license the group 's patent if it all worked out .
The inventors sent over plans , sketches and a model , and French began consulting and advising a Lucent engineer in monthly phone calls .
After about a year of development and testing , Lucent had good news for the inventors :
The device passed all the tests , shaming a competing , clunky design that French says resembled an old thermos .
But when the inventors got on the phone with Lucent 's lawyers to discuss license terms , the company dropped a bomb .
" Almost the first thing they said was , ' Well , we do n't have to do anything , because this is under some sort of provision for military secret stuff where we do n't have to pay anything , ' " says French .
French felt betrayed .
" This was after a year of encouragement , with me helping them and them informing us of their progress , " says French .
" That was one hell of a shock . "
Lucent eventually offered the inventors $ 100,000 for the right to produce 1,000 wetmate couplers .
The offer caused a rift between French and his partners :
They wanted to make a counteroffer of $ 500,000 , but French – in his 60s and recently retired – wanted to take what was on the table .
" I said , well , Lucent does n't have to do a thing , so why do n't we take $ 100,000 and be happy with that ? "
Unable to agree , French 's partners bought him out for a flat $ 30,000 .
" I used some of the money to have a garage built , " French says .
Lucent rejected the remaining inventors ' counteroffer , and in 1998 Monty and Van Keiren , now incorporated as Crater Corp. , filed a federal lawsuit in eastern Missouri against Lucent alleging patent infringement , trade - secret theft and breach of contract .
Crater 's attorney , Robert Schultz , says there 's a question of basic fairness .
" Lucent 's made a ton of dough , and my clients are out in the cold , " says Schultz .
The patent - infringement portion of the case has since been dismissed , under a federal law that says a company can't be sued for infringement if the development was for the exclusive use of the government .
After a year of pretrial wrangling , the case had progressed to the point that Schultz could start subpoenaing documents to support his claim , when the government intervened to assert the state secrets privilege .
Never passed by Congress , the privilege has its roots in English common law and was cemented into American jurisprudence by a landmark 1953 Supreme Court case titled U.S. v. Reynolds .
In Reynolds , the widows of three men who died in a mysterious Air Force crash sued the government , and U.S. officials tried to quash the lawsuit by claiming that they could n't release any information about the accident without endangering national security .
The Supreme Court upheld the claim , establishing a legal precedent that today allows the executive branch to block the release of information in any civil suit – even if the government is n't the one being sued .
According to research by Weaver , an associate professor of political science at the University of Texas , the government invoked the privilege only four more times in the next 23 years .
But following the Watergate scandal , the executive branch began applying state secrecy claims more liberally .
Between 1977 and 2001 , there were at least 51 civil lawsuits in which the government claimed the state secrets privilege – in every case successfully .
" There was more oversight of presidential activity " after Watergate , says Weaver .
" In response to that , I think presidents resorted to the state secrets privilege to keep that oversight from cramping their style . "
Under Reynolds , the head of a federal agency must personally intervene to invoke the privilege .
In Crater v. Lucent , it was Richard J. Danzig , then - secretary of the Navy , who did the honors .
In a March 1999 declaration , Danzig claimed that permitting Crater to pursue a legal inquiry into the government 's alleged use of their coupler would tip off U.S. adversaries to certain highly classified government operations and " could be expected to cause extremely grave damage to national security . "
" Those operations and programs are currently ongoing , " Danzig wrote .
" It is therefore my opinion that disclosure of information concerning them would permit potential adversaries to adopt specific measures to defeat or otherwise impair the effectiveness of those operations and programs . "
Judge E. Richard Webber granted the government 's request immediately , and blocked the Crater inventors from obtaining any information from Lucent or the feds about the government 's alleged use of the Crater Coupler or any other coupling device .
In the legal battle that followed , it emerged that the order covered an astonishing 26,000 documents – some of which were not only unclassified , but had already been entered into the public record .
In 2002 , Webber examined those documents in chambers , and concluded that not one of them would be available for Crater 's use in pressing its case .
Schultz turned to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals .
This month a divided three - judge panel ruled ( . pdf ) that the lower court had properly applied the state secrets privilege .
" I would have thought that courts would be more hesitant to apply it to the patent area , but in this case there was no hesitancy whatsoever , " says Weaver .
In a dissenting opinion , Circuit Judge Pauline Newman wrote that the ruling efficiently killed Crater 's lawsuit , and argued that a saner solution would have been to proceed with the case behind closed doors – a procedure already used to protect classified information during criminal espionage prosecutions .
" Although there may be areas of such sensitivity that no judicial exposure can be countenanced – such as , perhaps , the formation of the Manhattan Project – there is no suggestion that the sensitive information concerning the Crater Coupler cannot be protected by well - established judicial procedures for preserving the security of sensitive information , " Newman wrote .
Schultz argues that the secrecy order should n't apply to documents concerning an unclassified presentation that Lucent held in which it allegedly showed off the Crater Coupler .
He plans to ask for a rehearing of the appeal but claims to be optimistic that the case can proceed with or without access to the evidence .
If so , it would be a rarity , says Steven Aftergood , director of the Federation of American Scientists ' Project on Government Secrecy .
" The privilege has worked very effectively for the government , " says Aftergood .
" In almost every case where they 've invoked it , it leads to the termination of litigation . "
Indeed , the list of cases in which the state secrets privilege has been invoked seems a pantheon of injustice .
The privilege was upheld in 1982 to prevent former Vietnam War protestors from learning more about an illegal CIA and NSA electronic surveillance effort that targeted them during the 1970s .
In 1991 , it was used to stop a lawsuit by a banker who 'd unwittingly been roped into an illegal CIA money - laundering operation , and who claimed the agency had ruined his career when he tried to get out .
In 1998 , workers at the Nevada airbase known colloquially as Area 51 were blocked from learning what chemicals they 'd been exposed to during illegal burning of toxic waste by base administrators .
In 2004 , the Bush administration resorted to the privilege to silence former FBI translator Sibel Edmonds , who said she was fired from the bureau after reporting security breaches and misconduct in the agency 's translation program .
And in perhaps the most disturbing case , this year the Justice Department asserted the privilege to kill a lawsuit by Maher Arar , a Syrian - born Canadian citizen who , in 2002 , was picked up by U.S. officials as a suspected terrorist while changing planes at JFK , and promptly shipped off to Syria for a year of imprisonment and torture .
" Here 's a guy who was a victim of a crime , that is , kidnapping , who was sent by us to a foreign country to be tortured to get information for us , " says Weaver .
" That violates all kinds of laws and the Convention Against Torture and who knows what else . "
Weaver says the state secrets privilege is a blunt instrument that too often utterly obliterates any further inquiry by the plaintiffs in a civil case .
" I 'm not saying it 's always invoked for evil purposes – it almost certainly is not .
But we can't tell when it is , and that 's the problem . "
He faults Jimmy Carter for being the first president to use the privilege with frequency , and George W. Bush for using it systematically .
" This presidency is the first one in history to use the secrecy privilege in a programmatic , organized comprehensive policy , " Weaver says .
" It 's the first secrecy presidency . "
" It effectively shuts down the judicial process , " says Aftergood .
" It tells people that they cannot have their day in court because national security will not permit it , and that 's a terrible message to send . "
Justice Department spokeswoman Cynthia Magnuson says the department generally does n't comment on how the state secrets privilege is applied .
" The only thing I can say is it 's applied if appropriate only , " she says .
But if the outcome sometimes seems unjust , it 's a necessary trade - off to preserve national security , says Washington attorney Shannen Coffin , a lawyer at Steptoe and Johnson and a former U.S. deputy assistant attorney general from 2002 to 2004 .
" That is the balance the court has struck in certain circumstances , " says Coffin .
" A lawsuit that relates to monetary damages is n't nearly as important as protecting the security of the American people . "
While at the Justice Department , Coffin was involved in several cases asserting the privilege .
" I 've been in meetings with cabinet officials that have invoked the privilege , and they do n't take it lightly , " Coffin says .
If there 's been an increase in the exercise of the privilege , " It is simply a recognition that information is a weapon in the modern day and age , " says Coffin .
" And that is a serious concern for national security . "
Coffin says bold action , like withholding 26,000 documents in the Crater case , is sometimes necessary to prevent a U.S. adversary from compiling bits and pieces of seemingly harmless , unclassified information into a state secret .
That " mosaic theory " of national security is frequently cited in litigation surrounding the privilege , and Department of Justice attorney Lisa Olson raised the argument in the Crater case last year .
" The more information that is disclosed , the easier it becomes to disclose more , and soon the floodgates are opened and nothing is secret , " Olson told Judge Webber .
A Navy spokeswoman declined to comment on the Crater case , but outside experts say it 's easy enough to guess the nature of the top - secret project the government is protecting .
" It 's all but self - evident that it has to do with the clandestine monitoring of fiber - optics communications cables on the ocean floor , " says Aftergood .
" They 've been interested in it since the first fiber - optic cable was ever invented , " says James Bamford , author of two books on the NSA .
" It 's clear that they have a major operation in terms of tapping into sea cables . "
Fiber - optic cables were well on their way to supplanting less - secure communications technologies at the time that Lucent approached the Crater inventors , and it's been widely reported that the switch threatened to cut off the electronic spies at the NSA .
" There 's been this huge shift from using satellite communications , which is very easy to tap into , to using both terrestrial and transoceanic fiber - optic cables , and that 's presented a major problem for NSA , " says Bamford .
To counter that problem , and keep the electronic intelligence flowing , NSA has reportedly developed sophisticated techniques for wiretapping undersea cables , relying on specially equipped Navy submarines , the most advanced of which is the newly recommissioned USS Jimmy Carter , fresh from a $ 1 billion upgrade that reportedly includes state - of - the - art technology for tapping into undersea fiber - optic communications .
French , now 74 and living in Maine , is not a party to the case since his partners bought out his interest in the invention .
But he still has bad feelings over the affair .
" If it had been war time , World War II , I 'd have given it to them .
But if they 're hiding behind some friggin ' law , basically to screw somebody .... " says French , trailing off .
Lucent spokesman John Skalko says the court 's secrecy order prevents him from addressing the inventors ' claims in depth .
" We deny any breach of contract or any misappropriation of trade secrets , " says Skalko .
" You can't try this case in your publication , it 's only to be tried in a court of law , " Skalko adds – a prospect that seems increasingly unlikely .
By Brendan O'Neill
Despite what Elton John sang , sorry seems to come easy these days Saying sorry used to be a way of apologising , but these days the s-word has come to mean many different things , and its heavy use says much about modern British attitudes .
" It always seems to me that sorry seems to be the hardest word . "
So sang a bespectacled , flares - wearing Elton John in his famous 1976 hit Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word .
Not anymore , Elton .
Today , sorry seems to be the easiest word .
According to a survey of 1,100 people conducted by Esure car insurance company ( famous for their " Calm down dear ! " adverts starring Michael Winner ) , the average Brit will say sorry a staggering 1.9 million times in his or her lifetime .
The word sorry is uttered 368 million times per day in the UK .
The s-word was traditionally used to express regret for having done something wrong .
Now , according to Esure , it appears to have " transformed into a common and over - used figure of speech that makes its way into most daily conversations " .
WHO DO WE SAY SORRY TO ? 37 % of our use is aimed at partners 19 % to strangers 14 % to our children 14 % to work colleagues 8 % to friends 5 % to parents 3 % to siblings 1 % to the boss
These days , we use the word sorry not only to express sorrow for a misdemeanour , but also as an alternative to " pardon " ( " Sorry , I did n't quite catch that " ) and " excuse me " ( as in saying sorry when we bump into someone - or even , rather bizarrely , when they bump into us ) .
The average Brit says sorry often , but admits that they do n't mean it more than a third of the time .
A majority of Britons - 86 % - believe that people use the s-word flippantly , as a cheap and convenient way of excusing anti-social or inappropriate behaviour .
Indeed , Esure found that saying sorry for actually having done something wrong - the traditional use of the word - is now at the bottom of the list of reasons why people utter the word .
In the top five reasons for saying sorry , • number one is when we do n't have time to speak to someone or do something ( " Sorry , I do n't have time to talk right now " ) ;
• two is to apologise on someone else 's behalf , such as our children , a partner or a colleague ( " Sorry , little Jimmy is always smashing things " ) ;
• three is when we did n't hear what someone was saying ( " Sorry , can you repeat that ? " ) ;
• in fourth place is when you want something to be explained to you again ( " Sorry , I 'm not sure what you mean " ) ;
• and right at the bottom , at five , is when we actually feel the need to apologise for having double - crossed , lied to or let someone down - " I 'm sorry . "
Sorry is a " tick of the nervous middle - class caricature in old sitcoms "
We are most likely to say sorry to our partners , and least likely to say it to the boss .
Twenty - seven percent of our uses of the word sorry are aimed at our partners ; 19 % are said to strangers ; 14 % to our children ; 14 % to work colleagues ; 8 % to friends ; 5 % to parents ; 3 % to siblings ; and just 1 % to the boss -man ( or woman ) .
It seems Britain is developing a reputation as a nation of sorry - sayers .
One textbook for foreign people learning English , published by Longman in 1997 , has a section on our peculiar use of the word " sorry " .
Next to a set of illustrations of Brits saying sorry in various situations - " Sorry , can I say something ? " , " Sorry , you 've given me the wrong change " - the book explains , " When people say ' sorry ' in English , they are not always apologising " .
It then asks : " Do you use the same word for all these situations in your language ? "
The theatrical , public mea culpa is about ostentatiously displaying oneself in an appealing light
Ed Barrett
How did sorry become the easiest word ?
It used to be uttered sparingly , as a way of confessing both guilt and sorrow for a mistake .
According to one Dictionary of Etymology , sorry has its origins in the Old English word ' Sarig ' , meaning " distressed , full of sorrow . "
Now we use it to mean everything from " What ? " to " Whatever " .
What explains Britons ' endless apologetics , our over - reliance on the s-word in all sorts of situations ?
For Mark Tyrrell , a psychotherapist at Uncommon Knowledge , a group that promotes personal development and emotional intelligence , a lingering culture of deference is to blame .
" Saying sorry so much is a deep - rooted British characteristic .
The class system is largely to blame , as ' sorry ' comes out of politeness , which is there for social cohesion .
" The new middle classes had to apologise for no longer being working class , but also for not really being upper class either .
The vast majority of Brits belong to the middle classes so saying sorry has become endemic . "
Tyrrell believes we also play games with the s-word , sometimes using it to our advantage .
Sorry - the Pope said he was after offending Muslims last year " [ In some situations ] , one partner tries to emotionally blackmail the other so they feel somehow at fault or guilty .
" We also say sorry a lot if we feel that we are to blame for something - which is called ' internalising ' - such as when someone bumps into you and you end up saying sorry to them instead of the other way round . "
Ed Barrett , a columnist for the satirical website Anorak who has written on modern manners and mores , thinks we sometimes say sorry to show that we are good , upstanding moral citizens , rather than as a way of actually taking responsibility for some wrong or other .
" Sorry is the comic tick of the nervous middle - class caricature found in old sitcoms " , he says .
" And then today there is a rise in the theatrical public mea culpa apology - such as Blair 's half - apology for slavery - which is usually about ostentatiously displaying oneself in an appealing light .
It has nothing to do with contrition . "
Barrett thinks there was actually something positive in the old " culture of deference " , and it was a world away from today 's narcissistic fashion for public apologising .
" Deference was not the same as subservience .
Deference means paying people respect and treating them courteously out of deference to their age , position , experience or the service that they provide you .
It is not just a case of looking up to people ; it 's as much about paying deference to your juniors or ' inferiors ' as it is vice versa .
" True manners , true politeness , are about being considerate and thoughtful . "
And perhaps if we were more truly thoughtful these days , we would n't be using " sorry " as a default word - almost as a get - out clause - everywhere from the home to the workplace to the street corner .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
I 'm sorry , but I do n't quite believe your stats .
If we are to believe that the ' average ' says sorry 1.9 million times and we live for 30,000 days in our lifetime , that means we need to say sorry over 60 times a day from day 1 and I 'm sorry , but I just do n't believe it .
According to my Father , sorry means ' YOU'LL NEVER DO IT AGAIN !'.
Peter Carvell , Loughborough As a Brit living in Switzerland I was a little surprised to hear the Swiss using sorry .
Some guy knocked into me whilst skiing and immediately said " sorry " .
I thought how does he know I'm English , my skiing was n't that bad .
It was only after a few more months that I realised that the German speaking Swiss have adopted it has part of their language .
Here in Switzerland " sorry " has come to mean anything from " sorry " to " excuse me " .
Gavin Harte , Zurich , Switzerland
As for ' sorry ? ' coming to mean ' pardon ? ' - surely ' pardon ' is merely short for ' I beg your pardon ? ' or ' pardon me ' , another way of apologising by asking for forgiveness ..?
RC , Leicester
You might say we 're in a sorry state .
I 've been known to wind up friends by asking them what they 're apologising for when they say " sorry " to me .
I 'd like to take this opportunity of saying sorry to them .
David Clark , Chatham , UK I enjoyed reading this story .
As an efl teacher I must admit I often teach the use of the word as in example three .
I entirely agree that the word seems to have become an excuse for doing rather than an apology for having done something .
For a bit of trivia , how about the Love Story line , " Love means never having to say you 're sorry " ?
In fact , this was originally " Love means not ever having to say you 're sorry " - where´s the difference ?
I feel there is a general lack of consideration and thoughtfulness for others ; we´d all get a lot further with a bigger dose of each .
I.D. , Spain
In the past we would say ' sorry ' to express regret for having done something wrong .
No one likes to be that forthright these days .
So how do we put it now - the dreaded ' I apologise ' .
Sorry does seem to be the hardest word to say when you actually mean it .
Martin , London 1.9 million times in a lifetime !
That is once every 12 seconds for 70 yeaars ( taking out the time we are asleep but not taking into account the time learning to talk ) .
How reliable is the rest of this survey ?
alan palmer , Portsmouth
It 's a word that is now completely devoid of any emotional meaning .
Thirty years ago I would only say it when I meant .
You learn the hard way that being true to your beliefs only lets the cynics take advantage and win - since few people will take the good time and effort to try to understand your position - especially in the workplace .
So many people now require contriteness .
If you 're required to say " Sorry " say it but do n't mean it at all - but continue to hold to you 're beliefs .
It 's just so much easier to do than expect others to have the wit to understand your position .
People just will not comprehend that some differences of opinion are simply that and take a " live and let live " and tolerant attitude .
It is the society of political correctness we live in that requires us to appear to conform - we 're fast heading towards Orwellian " double - speak " .
Tom Primrose , Edinburgh
What is the point of showing a picture of the pope with the " sorry " caption ?
Is it another attempt to belittle the Catholic Church by insinuating that the pope was not really sorry for offending an over - sensitive Muslim world , or am I just an over - sensitive Catholic Christian ?
Michael , London I hate it when people think they can get away with thoughtless or rude behaviour simply by saying a half hearted ' Sorry ' after the event .
You should have seen the look on one person 's face when they did that and I replied - ' I do n't accept your apology as you should not have shouted at me , it was unprofessional ' .
I felt much better for that as I knew I had made them think about their behaviour !
Laura , London Saying ' sorry ' constantly , and not meaning it , is not exclusively a British pastime ( although if it were an olympic sport Team Britain would win hands down ! )
The Czechs seem to come somewhere near , as far as I can see , although a league or so below Blighty .
What I find particularly strange ( the Czechs do this too ) is , as the article rightly states , the habit of saying ' sorry ' when somebody does something wrong to you !
I also find it quite disturbing that even though we ALL know this is ludicrous ( myself included ) we STILL do it time and again ( myself included ! )
Humans ... we 're a strange bunch .
( Especially us Brits . )
Richard Savage , Plzen , The Czech Republic
Your report misses out one of the most significant uses of the word sorry : as a mode of aggression .
The phrase " I 'm sorry but ... " is always a prelude to some negative statement and indicates nothing whatever to do with sorrow !
Helen , London Sorry to correct your grammar , but the title of your first table should read " To whom do we say sorry ? "
Interesting , though .
Clive Hoare , Carmarthen Wales ' Sorry ' in Nigeria is also used to express a form of regret - ' I am sorry to hear about your mother ' to indicate that you ?
commiserated ?
with someone on their mother 's illness / death .
I 've never known an equivalent English expression for this - it always seemed sufficiently concise and expression .
jeremy , Swindon Surely all of the uses of ' sorry ' in effect mean the same thing .
' Sorry , can you repeat that ' is apologising for something you did - you did n't hear properly .
' Sorry , I do n't have time to talk right now ' - apologising for being busy , for not being able to engage someone .
' Sorry , little Jimmy is always smashing things ' is an apology on someone else 's behalf , usually someone you are responsible for .
' Sorry , I 'm not sure what you mean ' is an apology for your lack of understanding .
Ultimately , all uses of the word are apologies for something - be it something you 've done , something someone else has done , or an apology for the circumstances that have led to inconvenience to someone else .
This article is toothless .
Sorry .
Ross , London
After years of prompting to say we are sorry by psychotherapists , we finally did it .
We deprived the word of its meaning !
Ups sorry
Elena S. , Athens , Greece Sorry , but I did n't get what you are trying to say here .
Tom Keya , London , England Sorry , but I feel I must apologise for saying sorry .
anthony martindale , Manchester Along with " according to new research , apparently parents are children 's main role model " , this is one of the most benign and pointless news stories I 've ever read .
I 'm increasingly disturbed by the contents of this website .
David , Fukui Japan
I 'd always gathered that there were three levels to the word ' sorry ' , and found it strange that they are all the same word .
Firstly ; " I apologise that I do not have time to listin to you " and " I apologise that I bumped into you " .
Secondly ; " I regret what I did , it was selfish , etc . "
Thirdly ; " I feel sorrow that your rabbit died " Also , I 'd always assumed that ' excuse me ' was something you say before bumping into someone , rendering it useless if you did n't notice that they were there .
Adacadus , Suffolk
These days ?
I have a feeling all those uses of the word " sorry " have existed for decades if not centuries .
It 's all about context !
For example , telling you I love jelly beans does not and should not " water down " a declaration of my love for my family .
David Young , Brisbane , Australia
For some reason I always seem compelled to say ' sorry ' when someone has walked into me , even though it is the other person 's fault .
I do n't know why this is .
Maybe what I am actually apologising for is my inner rage at their not apologising ?
Either way it 's probably safe to say I have some self esteem issues that need addressing ...
Andrea , Liverpool
This article seems rather nonsensical , the initial text suggests that people are using Sorry for things other than apologising yet the examples listed are all correct uses of the word .
Is this article really anything other than a publicity stunt for the company esure ?
There is nothing in this article that suggests that the word " Sorry " is being used incorrectly , only that it 's being used more .
Is it really so wrong that people be more polite about certain things ?
" I did n't hear you " is much more blunt and aggressive than " Sorry , I did n't hear you " .
Ian , Leeds
The worst example of " sorry " being overused as a word is at railway stations when a disembodied recorded voice tells you how sorry he / she is that the train you have been waiting for for half an hour has just been cancelled .
David Harrison , Oxford Whenever I am in London ( as a Brit living in NY ) , I am impressed with the number of times " sorry " is mumbled .
Even when someone does soemthing to me - I say " sorry " - Obviously a " sorry state of affairs " ... sorry !
Prof. Victor Roger Rubin , London / New York
Is n't this all just a bit over - analytical ?
Language evolves all the time , and the word " sorry " has evolved into a very mild term of regret , or even to mean something more like " excuse me " .
It does n't mean we actually apologise any less or more - it just means that we use different words to do it .
Richard , Edinburgh , UK
It seems everyone is saying sorry except those that need to apologise !
Government and big business are leading the way in squirming out of a genuine apology when they have either lied , made a mistake or demonstrated their breathtaking incompetence or mendacity .
Blair 's not sorry about Iraq , the Director of Bristol Airport is n't sorry about the runway fiasco , British Gas are n't sorry for cocking up my gas bill ( again ) - the list could go on ad nauseum .
Why can't those in power over the rest of us actually have the mettle and moral honesty to admit when they 're wrong and apologise appropriately ?
The Apologist , Bristol , UK Interesting read , too many times have i been branded rude for not casualy throwing out " sorry " .
When i appologise , i mean it , which to my mind makes my appologies worth a lot more than the people who say sorry to me 10 times a day .
Jingo , Peterborough In London , it seems as though " sorry " has replaced " excuse me " , as in instead of saying " excuse me " to someone who 's in the way , people shove past and utter a " sorry " in retrospect .
Dan , london ( ex- manchester ) Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We do n't just talk cars ... we teach how to buy them .
How To Get The Lowest
Price On A New Car
Okay , this is really good and works like a charm .
And it 's incredibly easy ... taking less than two minutes of your time .
Sound too good to be true ?
Well , it 's not and smart new car buyers are doing it all the time .
You can even test it out yourself even if you 're not interested in buying a car right now as a sort of " dry run " for when the time is right for you .
Bear with me for a few paragraphs because I need to explain the background for this technique first .
It 's based on a free service we 've all probably seen before .
Then we 're going to add a simple , but incredibly effective , " twist " that turns seasoned Car Dealerships into jello ... and gets you the best possible purchase price .
This Is How It Works Without The Twist :
It 's very likely that you 've seen " new car quote " services on the big automotive sites such as Automotive.com , Cars.com , Edmunds.com and many others .
You know , " Tell us what new car you want to purchase and you will receive competitive quotes from multiple area Dealers " ... or something along these lines .
That 's all fine and dandy .
Dealers want your business and know you 're getting offers from their competitors .
They do n't want to lose the sale so they give you a very good price in order to be the winner .
Theoretically , what then happens is the car buyer looks at the bids , goes to the Dealership who won the competition , does the paperwork and drives home in their new car .
By itself , this is a very legitimate way of getting a " good " deal ... much better than shopping at a Dealership and hoping you can negotiate something good .
Afterall , it 's good to have Dealers competing for your business .
But we 're not interested in " good " .
We 're interested in " great " ... or even " crazy " .
This Is How It Works WITH The Twist :
In order to get the quotes ( I 'll tell you where in a moment ) , you 're going to have to submit your email address and phone number .
Do n't worry about giving your phone number .
This is a part of this strategy that pays off in a big way , as you will see .
But make your " contact preference " email .
You 've invested less than 2 minutes of your time ( probably about 30 seconds , actually ) .
It 's been free and you are under absolutely no obligation of any kind .
So , let 's say you now have 3 or 4 bids .
The prices already look good to you based on the new car prices you 've seen on Autotrader and so forth .
But now , you take this a step further .
Why should you accept ANY of these bids ?
There 's no reason to even go with the lowest bidder .
Why ?
Because you can easily make them go still lower .
Here 's how :
You 'll likely receive follow - up phone calls from the Dealerships .
They 'll say something like , " So we gave you an incredible price .
When would you like to come in for delivery ? "
Your response , nomatter how low the bid , should always be , " Sorry , while I really want to buy this car , I 'm afraid your bid takes you out of the running .
If you want to make another offer today , I 'll look at it . "
Say this ( or email it if you do n't get a phone call ) to every bidder .
Trust me , they WANT this sale and you 'll now get a new round of even lower offers .
If a Dealer says there 's no way any other Dealer can be underselling his price and he wants to see the lower offer in writing , do n't play his game .
Instead say , " Look it .
I 'm pretty happy with the price I 've been given .
Put yourself in my place .
If I give it to you , you 'll undercut it by $ 50 and then I have to go back to him and he 'll undercut you by $ 50 and it turns into a real pain for me .
All I can tell you is that if you want to send me another offer , I 'll definitely consider it .
It 's up to you " .
You 'll either get another offer , or the Dealer will drop out .
And when a Dealer drops out , you know you were really getting their best price ... the strategy was working .
The last Dealer standing gets the sale .
And believe me , it will be at an outstanding price following this process .
Okay , Here 's Where To Do It :
My personal favorite free quote service is Edmunds.com due to their massive Dealer participation , quick and easy format , and fast response times .
They also have a long - standing reputation for helping consumers in what can be a fairly " shady " auto industry .
Dealers at Edmunds are required to offer steep , no -haggle discounts right up front .
You can then compare these discounts and negotiate further as described above .
I 've read their average starting offer is about $ 3,000 below MSRP .
That is already huge right off the bat with no negotiating at all .
In addition , you are never under any obligation at any time .
Also , if you want a quote on more than 1 model , just submit a separate request for each .
Incidentally , Canadian and other international buyers should use a zipcode from the city they intend to buy from .
And fortunately , it literally takes all of about one minute .
So to get started , head on over to Edmunds.com .
Then : Select your make and model .
Fill in your contact info .
Select your dealers .
Click the " Get Price Quotes " button .
Well , I hope this has been helpful .
Have fun turning the tables with this ... and let me know how you do .
All the best - Josh
" Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster .
And when you look long into an abyss , the abyss also looks into you . " Friedrich Nietzsche , Beyond Good and Evil 89 ( Walter Kaufmann trans. , Vintage Books 1966 ) ( 1886 ) .
In an effort to gain Mr. Padilla ’s " dependency and trust , " he was tortured for nearly the entire three years and eight months of his unlawful detention .
The torture took myriad forms , each designed to cause pain , anguish , depression and , ultimately , the loss of will to live .
The base ingredient in Mr. Padilla ’s torture was stark isolation for a substantial portion of his captivity .
For nearly two years – from June 9 , 2002 until March 2 , 2004 , when the Department of Defense permitted Mr. Padilla to have contact with his lawyers – Mr. Padilla was in complete isolation .
Even after he was permitted contact with counsel , his conditions of confinement remained essentially the same .
He was kept in a unit comprising sixteen individual cells , eight on the upper level and eight on the lower level , where Mr. Padilla ’s cell was located .
No other cells in the unit were occupied .
His cell was electronically monitored twenty - four hours a day , eliminating the need for a guard to patrol his unit .
His only contact with another person was when a guard would deliver and retrieve trays of food and when the government desired to interrogate him .
His isolation , furthermore , was aggravated by the efforts of his captors to maintain complete sensory deprivation .
His tiny cell – nine feet by seven feet – had no view to the outside world .
The door to his cell had a window , however , it was covered by a magnetic sticker , depriving Mr. Padilla of even a view into the hallway and adjacent common areas of his unit .
He was not given a clock or a watch and for most of the time of his captivity , he was unaware whether it was day or night , or what time of year or day it was .
In addition to his extreme isolation , Mr. Padilla was also viciously deprived of sleep .
This sleep deprivation was achieved in a variety of ways .
For a substantial period of his captivity , Mr. Padilla ’s cell contained only a steel bunk with no mattress .
The pain and discomfort of sleeping on a cold , steel bunk made it impossible for him to sleep .
Mr. Padilla was not given a mattress until the tail end of his captivity .
. . .
Other times , his captors would bang the walls and cell bars creating loud startling noises .
These disruptions would occur throughout the night and cease only in the morning , when Mr. Padilla ’s interrogations would begin .
Efforts to manipulate Mr. Padilla and break his will also took the form of the denial of the few benefits he possessed in his cell .
. . .
Mr. Padilla ’s dehumanization at the hands of his captors also took more sinister forms .
Mr. Padilla was often put in stress positions for hours at a time .
He would be shackled and manacled , with a belly chain , for hours in his cell .
Noxious fumes would be introduced to his room causing his eyes and nose to run .
The temperature of his cell would be manipulated , making his cell extremely cold for long stretches of time .
Mr. Padilla was denied even the smallest , and most personal shreds of human dignity by being deprived of showering for weeks at a time , yet having to endure forced grooming at the whim of his captors .
A substantial quantum of torture endured by Mr. Padilla came at the hands of his interrogators .
In an effort to disorient Mr. Padilla , his captors would deceive him about his location and who his interrogators actually were .
Mr. Padilla was threatened with being forcibly removed from the United States to another country , including U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where he was threatened his fate would be even worse than in the Naval Brig .
He was threatened with being cut with a knife and having alcohol poured on the wounds .
He was also threatened with imminent execution .
He was hooded and forced to stand in stress positions for long durations of time .
He was forced to endure exceedingly long interrogation sessions , without adequate sleep , wherein he would be confronted with false information , scenarios , and documents to further disorient him .
Often he had to endure multiple interrogators who would scream , shake , and otherwise assault Mr. Padilla .
Additionally , Mr. Padilla was given drugs against his will , believed to be some form of lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD ) or phencyclidine ( PCP ) , to act as a sort of truth serum during his interrogations .
Throughout most of the time Mr. Padilla was held captive in the Naval Brig he had no contact with the outside world .
In March 2004 , one year and eight months after arriving in the Naval Brig , Mr. Padilla was permitted his first contact with his attorneys .
Even thereafter , although Mr. Padilla had access to counsel , and thereby some contact with the outside world , those visits were extremely limited and restricted .
. . .
The deprivations , physical abuse , and other forms of inhumane treatment visited upon Mr. Padilla caused serious medical problems that were not adequately addressed .
Apart from the psychological damage done to Mr. Padilla , there were numerous health problems brought on by the conditions of his captivity .
Mr. Padilla frequently experienced cardiothoracic difficulties while sleeping , or attempting to fall asleep , including a heavy pressure on his chest and an inability to breath or move his body .
In one incident Mr. Padilla felt a burning sensation pulsing through his chest .
He requested medical care but was given no relief .
Toward the end of his captivity , Mr. Padilla experienced swelling and pressure in his chest and arms .
He was administered an electrocardiogram , and given medication .
. . . .
The cause of some of the medical problems experienced by Mr. Padilla is obvious .
Being cramped in a tiny cell with little or no opportunity for recreation and enduring stress positions and shackling for hours caused great pain and discomfort .
It is unclear , though , whether Mr. Padilla ’s cardiothoracic problems were a symptom of the stress he endured in captivity , or a side effect from one of the drugs involuntarily induced into Mr. Padilla ’s system in the Naval Brig .
In either event , the strategically applied measures suffered by Mr. Padilla at the hands of the government caused him both physical and psychological pain and agony .
It is worth noting that throughout his captivity , none of the restrictive and inhumane conditions visited upon Mr. Padilla were brought on by his behavior or by any actions on his part .
There were no incidents of Mr. Padilla violating any regulation of the Naval Brig or taking any aggressive action towards any of his captors .
Mr. Padilla has always been peaceful and compliant with his captors .
He was , and remains to the time of this filing , docile and resigned – a model detainee .
Mr. Padilla also wants to make clear that the deprivation described above did abate somewhat once counsel began negotiating with the officials of the Naval Brig for the improvements of his conditions .
Toward the end of Mr. Padilla ’s captivity in the Naval Brig he was provided reading materials and some other more humane treatment .
However , despite some improvement in Mr. Padilla ’s living conditions , the interrogations and torture continued even after the visits with counsel commenced .
In sum , many of the conditions Mr. Padilla experienced were inhumane and caused him great physical and psychological pain and anguish .
Other deprivations experienced by Mr. Padilla , taken in isolation , are merely cruel and some , merely petty .
However , it is important to recognize that all of the deprivations and assaults recounted above were employed in concert in a calculated manner to cause him maximum anguish .
It is also extremely important to note that the torturous acts visited upon Mr. Padilla were done over the course almost the entire three years and seven months of his captivity in the Naval Brig .
For most of one thousand three hundred and seven days , Mr. Padilla was tortured by the United States government without cause or justification .
Mr. Padilla ’s treatment at the hands of the United States government is shocking to even the most hardened conscience , and such outrageous conduct on the part of the government divests it of jurisdiction , under the Due Process clause of the Fifth Amendment , to prosecute Mr. Padilla in the instant matter .
UPDATE
The Bush administration 's May , 2002 lawless detention of U.S. citizen Jose Padilla -- on U.S. soil -- was , as I recounted in my book , the first incident which really prompted me to begin concluding that things were going terribly awry in our country .
The administration declared Padilla an " enemy combatant , " put him in a military prison , and refused to charge him with any crime or even allow him access to a lawyer or anyone else .
He stayed in a black hole , kept by his own government , for the next three - a- half - years with no charges of any kind ever asserted against him and with the administration insisting on the right to detain him ( and any other American citizen ) indefinitely -- all based solely on the secret , unchallengeable say - so of the President that he was an " enemy combatant .
"
To this day , I have trouble believing that we have a Government that claims this power against American citizens and has exercised that power and aggressively defended it -- and even more trouble believing that there are so many blindly loyal followers of that government who defend that conduct .
The outrage that it provokes when thinking about it has not diminished even a small amount and does not diminish no matter how many times one reads , writes or speaks about it .
It is as profound a betrayal of the most core American political principles as one can fathom .
The Bush administration finally charged Padilla with a crime ( after 3 1/2 years of detention ) only because the U.S. Supreme Court was set to rule on the legality of their treatment of Padilla , and indicting Padilla enabled the administration to argue that his case was now " moot . "
The Government 's indictment made no mention of the flamboyant allegation they originally trumpeted to justify his lawless incarceration -- that he was a " Dirty Bomber " attempting to detonate a radiological bomb in an American city ( because the " evidence " for that accusation was itself procured by torture and was therefore unreliable and unusable ) .
Instead , the indictment contained only the vaguest and most generic terrorism allegations .
Since then , the federal judge presiding over Padilla 's case ( in the Southern District of Florida ) has repeatedly expressed skepticism over the Government 's case against him and has , on several occasions , admonished them to provide more specific information setting forth exactly what Padilla is alleged to have done .
Last week , Padilla 's lawyers filed a Motion to Dismiss the Indictment against him on the grounds that the Government has engaged in outrageous conduct -- specifically , that they tortured him for the 3 1 / 2 years he remained in captivity , particularly for the almost 2 full years that they denied him access even to a lawyer .
Via David Markus , a South Florida attorney who has been reporting on the Padilla proceedings on his local blog , Padilla 's Motion to Dismiss is here ( .pdf ) .
Markus excerpts a substantial part of the description of Padilla 's captivity , which is the first detailed account I have read of the treatment to which Padilla was subjected while in detention .
I'm excerpting parts of it below ( read the full excerpt at Markus ' blog or in Padilla 's brief ) .
It is worthwhile to note that all of the treatment described by Padilla has been described by numerous other detainees , and from what I can tell , all of the treatment he describes are part of the " interrogation and detention techniques " which the President now has the legal authority to invoke pursuant to the so - called Military Commissions
Act of 2006 -- enacted by our Congress just ten days ago .
Thus , everything Padilla describes is now perfectly legal in the United States -- even when applied against individuals charged with no crimes of any kind .
As Markus notes , this is how the Argument section of Padilla 's brief begins : Padilla 's Brief details the treatment to which he was subjected :
All of that was done by the Bush administration to an American citizen detained on U.S. soil -- without any charges ever being brought against him , let alone convicted of any crime .
All along , the Bush administration insisted it had the right to abduct and detain U.S. citizens indefinitely and deny them access to any courts or even to any lawyers , to either contest the validity of their detention or the legality of their treatment .
That is still the Bush administration 's position , and the Congress less than two weeks ago purported to give the President the legal authority to do virtually all of that .
The case of Jose Padilla is one of the most despicable and outright un-American travesties the U.S. Government has perpetrated for a long time .
It is impossible to defend that behavior , let alone engage in it , and claim with any legitimacy that one believes in the principles that have defined and guided this country since its founding .
But there has been no retreat from this behavior .
Quite the contrary .
The atrocity known as the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 is a huge leap forward to elevating the Padilla treatment from the lawless shadows into full - fledged , officially sanctioned and legally authorized policy of the U.S. Government .
The case of Jose Padilla is no longer a sick aberration , but is instead a symbol of the kind of Government we have chosen to have . :
Please read this perfectly expressed comment from a police officer concerning this whole matter .
This is the third article in a four part series that tells of the rise and fall of Virtudyne , one of the largest privately - financed ( $ 200 M ) disasters in our industry .
Though all names have been changed to protect the guilty , I 've worked very closely with Rob Graves ( the submitter ) to ensure that this presentation is as close to how it happened as possible .
The second article is Virtudyne : The Gathering .
Virtudyne 's first three years are best summed up with a single word : disastrous .
Nearly $ 90 M had been spent developing a product that was barley functional and completely unsalable .
Most would call that " miserable failure " and encourage all involved to salvage what they could , abandon ship , scuttle the remains , and never look back .
But one person saw it as the golden opportunity ; he was known as The Savior
The Savior was a self - made billionaire who struck it rich doing the type of business that makes unregulated industries regulated .
He heard about Virtudyne 's struggles and wanted to help out .
He contacted the powers that be and offered some very reasonable terms .
In exchange for investing $ 100 M , he would take over operations and sit as chairman on the board of directors .
It seemed to be a a win - win for everyone .
Even the Virtudyne employees were excited .
They welcomed their new overlord with open arms and truly believed that The Savior would turn the company around with his " new management team of highly - qualified executives with a proven track record . "
Such statements tend to be very convincing when accompanied with a hundred million dollar investment .
Unfortunately , employee confidence wore off almost immediately .
It was n't so much that the fact that the superstar executives consisted primarily of The Savior 's immediate family , but more the fact that they managed to set the bar of incompetence even higher .
I suspect that , given yesterday 's article , this might seem impossible , so I 'll share my favorite three people that The Savior brought in .
First and foremost , there was the new chief of operations , heralded as a " brilliant innovator " and " technological wizard . "
He was also The Savior 's eldest son .
Junior 's grasp on technology is best illustrated with this simple anecdote : one day , Junior was walking past Rob Graves ' office and saw a graph actively moving around on the screen .
He got incredibly exited and wanted to know how he could get the cool looking monitoring software Rob was using to watch their World Wide Server .
Rob just did n't have the heart to tell him it was the " Bars and Waves " visulization from Windows Media Player .
One of Junior 's first acts as operations chief was to partner up with a major hardware vendor peddling another completely unsalable product .
It was a massively - parallel server that featured a proprietary operating system with an integrated database .
The sales rep told them that " reliability , not speed , is our primary concern " and they meant it .
The $ 350,000 development server had the same processing power as a 600MHz Pentium II that even a charity organization would refuse as a donation .
Perhaps Junior 's logic was that anyone stupid enough to buy the hardware would be stupid enough to buy their Microsoft Office Killer .
Unfortunately , Virtudyne seemed to hold a monopoly on the world 's supply of stupidity .
The expensive hardware and vast amount of effort to port the software resulted in only a single sale , and it was a sale for the hardware vendo to Virtudyner .
The next person on the list was known as The VP of Nothing .
I do n't that 's a very fair title because he actually did two things .
First and foremost , despite having no direct reports or job responsibilities , he collected a six - figure paycheck .
And secondly , he was allowed to bypass the proxy filter to surf the web ; it was no secret why .
A curious network administrator looked in the logs and discovered that The VP of Nothing spent a lot of time looking at pictures of large Amazonian women wrestling with little men .
Seriously .
My personal favorite that The Savior brought in was The Janitor .
Now it may seem odd that the chairman of the board would insist upon changing cleaning companies , but it 's even stranger what the new " cleaning company " consisted of : The Savior 's youngest son .
The Janitor was a trust - fund baby and wealthier than most of us will ever be .
It became pretty apparent why he could n't keep a job anywhere else : after a few months of his cleaning service , ants and cockroaches were everywhere , the VB team had a gnat infestation , and the restrooms became so dirty that most managers allowed their employees to go home if they needed to use the facilities .
Amazingly , this new team was able to find a paying customer .
It was The City .
Virtudyne 's office suite was to be installed at all libraries and made available for download by city residents .
All it took was some lobbying at city council , a few calls to the local media , and a sizable march on city hall with " unemployed " protestors demanding the city provide free office software .
Although the majority of the protesters were Virtudyne employees , the city finally agreed and signed an $ 8,500,000 three - year contract , collectable upon timely delivery of the software specified in the contract .
The main problem ( well , aside from the fact that Virtudyne 's Office Killer was a joke compared to any office suite ) was that the contract called for a product that would replace Microsoft Access .
In fact , it was a major selling point : the sales VP gave a demo of a product that did n't exist .
It fell on Rob Graves and a handful of other developers to create an application in two weeks that would " allow users with no database and minimal computer knowledge to : build applications ; add users and groups to access the application ; set security at the form - , record - , and field - level ; " and so on .
Rob is embarrassed to report that they actually managed to deliver a completely useless application that met every word in the ambiguous requirements to technically fulfill the contract .
None of tha mattered , though .
Employee morale was at an all time high and things were finally starting to look good .
It only took three and half years and nearly $ 150 M dollars , but they finally made eight and half million dollars .
Unfortunately , the sale also brought something else to the Virtudyne : paranoia .
Junior held a company - wide meeting to discuss a very serious issue : Microsoft was onto them .
They were shaking in their boots and saw Virtudyne as a major threat .
They would stop at nothing to get their grubby hands on the product and might even try to steal the source code .
Of course , at that point , about half the people at Virtudyne realized that all one would have to do to " get their grubby hands " on their Microsoft Office Killer was to go into any of The City 's public libraries and ask for an installation disk .
Obviously , Junior was n't in that half .
Within days , Junior ordered cameras to cover every square inch of the Virtudyne facility .
Fingerprint scanners were installed at every door , both inside and out , and full - time security guards were placed at key locations throughout the building .
All exterior windows were covered with a translucent film to prevent Microsoft from peeping in and , just to be safe , computer monitors could no longer face outside windows .
Key employees were issued with special pagers that allowed them to discretely press a button to alert the private investigator if they found themselves being followed by Microsoft 's white vans .
The draconian security measures did n't help the recent boost in employee morale .
In fact , over the next year , employee morale sunk to an all - time low , leading to a mass exodus from the company .
Key employees were dropping like flies and all Junior would do to maintain headcount was to hire more employees .
Eventually , Junior struck a good balance between tight security and employee indifference and managed to stabilize the loss .
Unfortunately , that did n't help business much .
Almost two years had passed since the single sale to The City and Virtudyne could n't even give away their product .
It 's hard to say whether it was the terrible product itself or the fact that the Virtydune 's contract with The City sparked a state - wide scandal with accusations of impropriety going all around .
What Virtudyne needed was a new market .
A market that had n't heard of Virtudyne before .
And preferably , one that would n't do any research before spending millions to license their product .
Next Article : Virtudyne : The Digital Donkey , the final attempt to sell their Microsoft Office Killer
Lobbyists Rule America
In 1863 , President Abraham Lincoln said in the Gettysburg Address " that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . "
However in 2006 , there are literally thousands of lobbyists that directly influence the policies and actions of most branches of government for the corporations that the lobbyists represent .
You may also know these lobbyists as political action committees ( PACs ) , professional agencies for hire , or just private organizations and individuals that want to influence politics .
The problem is that there are now more ( and an increasing number of ) lobbyists for corporations and businesses , than there are lobbyists representing individuals and private groups , such as churches , unions , and non-profit organizations .
As a result , our government policies and actions are being influenced more by corporations than people !
Furthermore , political corruption from lobbying is becoming more common .
For instance , lobbying is typically performed on behalf of corporations that also make huge campaign contributions that are much larger than what individuals and organizations donate .
Therefore , almost all politicians are stuck between deciding their need to solicit more financial contributions for their parties and their own campaigns versus being supportive of the people that they represent .
As a result , political corruption appears rampant in most part of governments , because politicians appear to be more supportive of their financial backers instead of their constituents .
Several states , in the United States of America , have passed several Clean Elections laws to ensure that lobbyists gain influence by their persuasiveness of their arguments rather than through campaign contributions .
It is now time to nationally ( and even internationally ) restrict or limit lobbyists and corporations from directly financing political parties and politicians , because politicians should not be easily influenced from large contributions that corporations donate .
As a result , please support campaign finance reform .
by Phil for Humanity
on 11/08/2006 Related Articles
» Obsoleting the Electoral College
» Do You Think You Live in a Democracy or a Republic ?
» Please Help Solve America's Economic Issues
By Zulfikar Ali
BBC News , Kamsar camp , Pakistan - administered Kashmir
Naqsha 's muscles have stiffened in the foetal position she was found in
Naqsha Bibi , 40 , was recovered alive from the debris of a collapsed house in Pakistan - administered Kashmir on 10 December .
The unexpected rescue came more than two months after the 8 October earthquake destroyed large parts of Indian and Pakistan - administered Kashmir and northern areas in Pakistan .
Naqsha Bibi , now under hospital treatment , is suffering from muscle stiffness and is so weak that she can barely talk .
She weighs under 35kg - about half the weight of an average woman her size .
But since being brought to Muzaffarabad , the capital of Pakistani - administered Kashmir , she has been put on a liquid diet and is showing signs of recovery .
Doctors say that on Tuesday morning she gave them a smile .
Rescue
" We were not even looking for her , " says Faiz Din , her cousin who found her .
Faiz Din , Naqsha 's cousin , accidentally found her in the debris
Naqsha Bibi and her family are residents of the Kamsar refugee camp some six kilometres from Muzaffarabad .
The camp was set up in 1990 for people from Indian - controlled Kashmir trapped on this side when borders were closed amid rising tensions between Pakistan and India .
Her family included a brother and their father - their mother had died before they entered Pakistan - administered territory .
Faiz Din says both her father 's legs were broken in the earthquake and he was flown to Islamabad aboard a rescue helicopter within a week after the quake .
Her brother went with their father as an attendant .
" At that time , we thought Naqsha had either fallen down the hill or gone to live in some relief camp in the city , " says Faiz Din .
Part of the hill that houses the Kamsar camp had collapsed into the river below .
Anyone who was not found immediately was thought to have fallen with the crumbling hillside and died .
" Frankly , we were all so busy taking care of our own families that no one was thinking of the house next door , " Faiz Din says .
Trapped
It seems that Naqsha was trapped in her kitchen when her small house collapsed around her .
Naqsha is on a liquid diet but too weak to talk
The space where she was found was not even big enough for her to stretch her arms or legs .
Over the 63 days that she spent in this grave of sorts - her muscles frozen in a crouching position .
Even on the hospital bed now , she maintains her embryonic position and doctors say she will need extensive physiotherapy to return to her normal self again .
What remains a mystery - at least till Naqsha Bibi is able to tell her story - is how she managed to survive for so long .
Faiz Din says there were some traces of food , most of it rotting , in the kitchen when he found her .
The air in the tiny space was fresh , which implies that some airway must have remained open through the debris .
And there was a trickle of water on one side of the kitchen , probably from one of several tiny streams that dot the Kamsar area .
" We started clearing the debris of her house on 10 December , mainly to pull the iron sheets off the collapsed roof to build ourselves a shelter , " says Faiz Din .
" But as we cleared one side of the house , some of the debris fell away exposing the cavity where she was holed up . "
Misfortune
Naqsha 's nightmare , however , was not immediately over .
Naqsha 's collapsed house where she was stuck in the kitchen
" We first thought she was dead but she opened her eyes as we were pulling her out , " says Faiz .
Naqsha was unable to respond to repeated offerings of food and water .
Apparently , her condition convinced her rescuers that she was on the verge of death .
That was why Faiz Din did n't take her to a doctor immediately despite being so close to Muzaffarabad .
" We thought she was going to die any moment , " he says .
" So we just put her inside a tent and let her be . "
Two days later when a team of German doctors visited the Kamsar camp , they were told about Naqsha Bibi .
They contacted the Pakistan Islamic Medical Association ( PIMA ) who sent Dr Hafeezur Rehman to bring Naqsha to Muzaffarabad .
Miracle
At Muzaffarabad 's PIMA medical camp , Naqsha was examined by a Danish doctor of Pakistani origin , Mariam Bashir .
" She seemed to be physically stable but in shock , " Dr Bashir told the BBC .
Part of Kamsar camp had collapsed into the river below
The first challenge for the doctors was to feed her .
Starting intravenously , they moved within hours to a liquid diet and were greatly encouraged by her body 's response to nutrition .
On 13 December , a psychiatrist spent three hours with her checking her responses and said she was able to understand most of his requests .
But she was still unable to carry out even simple tasks such as sticking out her tongue or speaking .
PIMA now plans to bring in a physiotherapist to help revive her limbs which are still stiff .
Most of the doctors are now convinced that given the right treatment Naqsha may be able to lead a normal life once again .
Dr Abdul Hamid was one of the doctors treating Naqsha .
When asked how someone could possibly survive for such a long time , he said , " medical science may struggle to accept it but there are miracles in this world , you know . "
Posted Friday , July 08 , 2005
How to Make a Life Poster , the Tiger Edition
Updated November 4 , 2005
Back in January , software developer Mike Matas published instructions on how to use iPhoto to create what he called a " life poster " �a large print comprising a collage of 98 smaller images .
It was an exceptionally cool project that required quite a few steps , not to mention a trip into Photoshop .
Could the process be automated ?
Could it be automated with Automator , the Mac OS X Tiger technology that puts your Mac on autopilot ?
The answers to those questions are yes and yeah , baby .
I present your weekend iPhoto fun project : the Life Poster , Tiger Edition .
Select 96 photos in your iPhoto library , click a button , then sit back and watch while your Mac does the work of assembling the photos into a spectacular poster .
There 's no need to manually crop anything , no need for Photoshop or custom paper sizes , and indeed , no need to do anything except continue to perform that oxygen - to - carbon - dioxide conversion process you do so well .
When your Mac is done , you can order a 20 - by 30 - inch poster through iPhoto .
Here 's how to get it all running .
Phase 1 : Download and Install
Besides your gorgeous photos , this project has two key components : an Automator action and an Automator workflow .
Start by downloading this archive ( 228K ) .
Then , double - click it to expand it .
You 'll find an installer named " Thumbnail Poster Installer " on your desktop .
Install the action .
In the world of Automator , an action is an item that performs a single , specific task .
For this project , you need to install an action that produces the poster .
To install the action , simply double - click the Thumbnail Poster Installer icon .
Read the scintillating installation message if you like , then click the Run button .
The installer will add the action to Automator and also add a folder named " Thumbnail Poster Files " to your desktop .
If you 'd like to verify that the action was installed , launch Automator ( it 's in your Applications folder ) .
In Automator 's Library list , click PDF ( it 's within the Applications list ) .
You 'll see the action listed in the Action column as " Create Thumbnail Poster " .
Now you 're ready to become a poster child .
Phase 2 : Make Your Poster
As I mentioned , this project produces a poster containing 96 photos .
Thus , a good place to begin is by corralling 96 photos into an album : in iPhoto , create a new album , and then drag your favorite 96 photos into it .
Next , select those photos by choosing Select All from the Edit menu ( or pressing Command - A ) .
Run the workflow .
With your 96 photos selected , you 're ready to run the workflow .
Return to the Finder and double click the Thumbnail Poster Files folder on your desktop , then double - click the workflow inside ; it 's named " Create Thumbnail Poster.workflow " .
Now at this point , patience is a virtue .
A necessity , even .
The workflow will scan your iPhoto library as a prelude to allowing you specify where your poster will be imported �into a specific album or simply into your library .
If you 're running this on a slower Mac and you have a large iPhoto library containing a lot of albums , you 'll see the spinning pinwheel for a few minutes .
Patience .
When the spinning pinwheel disappears , click the Run button in the upper - right corner of the workflow window .
Then do that patience thing again , because your Mac is going to process each of those 96 photos , crop them to a square format ( more about this later ) , render them to PDF files , and then generate the poster image .
Phase 3 : Order Your Print
After the workflow runs , you 'll find your poster image in your iPhoto library ( and in a specific album , if you chose one before running the workflow ) .
Select it , click the Order Prints button , and order your poster .
Prior to ordering your print , you can , of course , modify the image using iPhoto 's Adjust panel or using Photoshop or Photoshop Elements .
For example , you might want to put a colored border around the montage .
Variations on the Theme
Here are a few variations you might want to try .
Crop Yourself .
The square thumbnails created by this workflow may cause some unwanted cropping .
If you want square thumbnails and want to be sure that you do n't chop someone 's head off , crop each of the 96 images manually using iPhoto 's Crop tool with the Constrain pop - up menu set to Square .
That 's a big job .
And remember , cropping a photo changes its appearance in any albums , so you might want to duplicate every photo first , then crop the duplicate .
( That a lot more time and disk space than I 'm willing to invest . )
Go Horizontal or Vertical .
Do n't want square thumbnails ?
You can also print a mosaic of 72 horizontally or vertically oriented photos .
In Step 3 of the workflow , choose Horizontal or Vertical from the pop -up menu , as desired .
But note that all of your images must have the same orientation ; you can't mix horizontal and vertical photos .
There 's one more advantage to going the all - horizontal or all - vertical route : the workflow will run much faster .
There are more tricks and modifications you can make for this workflow , and I 'll share them next week .
In the meantime , grab the archive and start posterizing !
You 've tamed Tiger , now tame iLife .
If you liked this tip , you 'll love The Macintosh iLife ' 05 , the latest edition of the world 's top - selling iLife book .
345 full - color pages plus a two - hour , 43 - minute instructional DVD that also contains an exclusive collection of Doug 's AppleScripts for iTunes , Garage Band loops , tutorial files , and more �all for $ 23.09 on Amazon.com ( 34 percent off the cover price ) .
Read a review , then order your copy .
The text below is the transcript of a talk that I gave back in 1998 .
If the future of an Internet - served world is unclear now , it was very nearly opaque back then .
For that reason , I recommend a look at Chapter 10 of my new book , How Invention Begins .
There , I have revisited and expanded upon the ideas that I first developed in this old talk .
Click Here for
or Click Here for
View the full jacket Click on the image for Publshers information , Click Here for Amazon.com , or Click Here for Barnes and Noble .
View the full jacket HERE .
WHAT PEOPLE SAID ABOUT BOOKS IN 1498
For the Indiana Library Federation 1998 Annual Conference . ,
Libraries at the Crossroads : Changes , Choices , & Challenges
Indiana Convention Center , Indianapolis , 12:30 PM , Mon. , April 7 , 1998
Also for the MENSA Gulf Coast Regional Gathering , Sun. , May 24 , 1998 by John H. Lienhard
Mechanical Engineering Department
University of Houston
Houston , TX 77204-4792
jhl@uh.edu
In the year 1456 , Johann Gutenberg and Peter Schoeffer printed their great Bible .
Now the question :
How many new books do you think had been printed by 1498 , 42 years later , and just 500 years ago ?
Some of you may know , but most people I talk with , even most librarians , are astonished when they hear the number .
Five hundred years ago , the new presses had spread like brushfire through Europe .
The people had suddenly come into possession of some fifteen million new books .
Scholars argue about the number .
It could 've been as few as eight million or as many as twenty four .
But the output of new books had been staggering by any reasonable estimate .
And those books reflected some thirty thousand titles .
Five hundred years ago we had been whacked in the chops by an enormous technological shift , make no mistake .
The social order had n't been unthreaded quite yet , but it was about to be turned inside - out .
Fifteen million books had been flung into a world where scholars would travel miles to visit a library stocked with twenty hand - written volumes .
And it'd all happened in 42 years or a little more .
Let 's see if we can put that in perspective .
Where were we , you and I , 42 years ago ?
Of course a great many of you had n't been born yet .
But 1956 was the year I began my PhD studies in engineering at Berkeley .
Five years later I graduated without ever having seen a computer close up .
Big mainframes were around , but only rarefied cognoscenti got near them .
Let me give you a little time - line here :
The programmable computer , first conceived by Charles Babbage in the 1830s , was n't finally built until the 1930s .
At first , we used fragile radio tubes in its logic circuits .
Soon after WW - II , we figured out how to replace those bulky , failure - prone tubes with the new transistors .
Then the real fun could begin .
The computer of 1956 was a huge isolated machine .
In 1943 Thomas Watson , Chairman of IBM , had said , I think there 's a world market for maybe five computers .
With that kind of thinking , no one paid much attention in 1952 when a British scientist named Dummar wrote this :
It seems now possible to envisage electronic equipment in a solid block with no connecting wires .
The block may consist of layers of insulating , conducting , rectifying and amplifying materials , [ and ] electrical junctions .
The subtle meaning of Dummar 's remark came clear as computers grew more complex .
When an electronic element in a computer had -- say -- one chance in ten thousand of failing during a day 's use , and the computer had ten thousand elements , maintenance was a nightmare .
Dummar 's idea of casting a set of electronic functions into one monolithic electric element stood to vastly reduce failures .
In July , 1958 , Jack Kilby of Texas Instruments finally created such an integrated circuit .
A few months later , Robert Noyce , head of Fairchild Semiconductor Corporation , created a slightly better version , independently .
And a patent war was underway .
Fairchild and TI dumped money into the courts for years before they saw how foolish their combat was .
They finally agreed to forget the lawyers and share the idea .
Kilby and Noyce acknowledged one another 's contributions , and life went on .
That was a very wise thing to do .
By 1969 , both Fairchild and TI had managed to put complete central processing units on single chips .
Then Noyce formed a new company , INTEL , for INTegrated ELectronics , and he started producing whole computer mother - boards .
Costs plunged .
Integrated circuits first really touched our lives a few years later when we all started carrying pocket calculators .
But none of us yet had a clue where all this was going .
Even with a calculator in his pocket , the president of Digital Equipment Company could say , as late as 1977 , " There 's no reason people would want computers in their homes . "
Then came a key invention -- one whose radical character we still do n't explicitly acknowledge : I speak of the invention of modern software .
Software made it possible for you and me to use our computers without writing their programs .
At that point computers promptly did enter our homes , and they were soon entering the closest quarters of our daily lives as well .
Now , if we 're to form a proper analogy with the new printed books , I think this is where to do so .
The software - supplied personal computer did to the old mainframe computer what the printed book did to the manuscript book .
We 're less than twenty years into that revolution , so we seriously need to ask ourselves what people said in the first years of printing .
Print certainly transformed us as few if any other technologies ever have .
So let 's compare what smart people were doing with and saying about the new books pouring into their world , with what we say as PCs pour into ours .
Actually , for a full thirty years after Gutenberg , people did little more with his idea than produce classical and religious books in the same style they always had .
It was the mid-1480s , one full generation , before printers tried to do anything more than blatant counterfeiting of the profitable old manuscript books .
Around 1484 the first scientific illustrations started turning up in the incunabula .
The first subject of the new fully - representational block prints was botany .
It was also right about this time that printers began offering secular books in local languages to their new mass market .
The revolution brought on by the printing press began after a full generation of book printing .
( Remember now : we 're living only a half - generation beyond the invention of software . )
In any case , printers themselves were first to comment on changes being wrought by print , and what they had to say is a big disappointment .
In 1498 , title page information still appeared in a colophon at the end of a book .
Some early printers expanded on that in a more personal note -- a little like a medieval explicit .
Explicits were personal notes that scribes were allowed to write at the end , when they finished a handwritten manuscript .
The new printers began adding such notes to their colophons .
They would talk about how many books they could now make and how accurately they could make them .
But that was advertising ; it was n't social commentary .
It was n't a diagnosis of contemporary social change .
A few German writers , fed up with the cultural superiority emanating out of Italy , boasted about German printers .
The closest thing to analysis of the revolution that I 've been able to find was something Sebastian Brant wrote just after 1500 .
In our time , thanks to the talent and industry of those from the Rhine , books have emerged in lavish numbers .
A book that once would 've belonged only to the rich -- nay , to a king -- can now be seen under a modest roof .
...
There is nothing nowadays that our children ... fail to know .
That remark is interesting .
Brant primarily addresses the availability of books .
Does he see how all those books are pulling the threads out of medieval social fabric ?
He does say " there is nothing nowadays that our children ... fail to know . "
But he speaks in the same Gee Whiz voice we 're hearing from our schools today .
I doubt he begins to see that the very quality of human thought is undergoing radical upheaval .
Back to that notion of a medieval explicit for a moment :
In 1474 , William Caxton finished volume three of his translation of the histories of Troy .
Caxton 's explicit sounded like something any scribe might 've written .
" My pen is worn , mine hand heavy , mine eye even dimmed . "
But Caxton 's explicit was a turning point , because Caxton had done something about his tired hand and his dimming eye .
The next line of his explicit sends a shiver along my spine .
... because I have promised [ this book ] to divers gentlemen ... therefore I have practiced and learned ... to ordain this ... book in print ... it is not written in pen and ink as other books are .
Caxton was English .
In 1442 he 'd gone to Bruges in the Duchy of Burgundy as apprentice to a merchant .
Caxton did well in that great European cultural center .
By the time Gutenberg printed his great Bible , Caxton was wealthy , and he'd begun collecting hand - written books .
And so he entered the service of Margaret , Duchess of Burgundy .
Margaret was a noted scholar and arbiter of good taste in literature .
When Margaret authorized him to translate the histories of Troy , the first two volumes were very popular .
Margaret kept asking for copies .
Caxton had to write each one out by hand .
So Caxton learned some of the new art of printing , and he invented the rest .
His printing looked crude alongside Gutenberg 's craftsmanship .
The early European printers were fine technicians and only so - so scholars .
Caxton was only a fair technician , but he reshaped the very purpose of literature as he printed .
After his third printed book , Caxton left Burgundy and set up England 's first press at Westminster Abbey .
There he changed the rules of the game .
European printers had given patrons what they expected -- fine copies of Latin and Greek manuscripts .
None of that for Caxton !
He knew books must interact with living readers .
He published in English -- The Canterbury Tales , a French - English dictionary , romances .
He was preparing his one - hundredth title when he died in 1491 .
Caxton 's England was a cultural backwater , but he helped change that .
He did far more than just take up printing .
He reconnected high culture with the people and set the stage for Shakespeare .
When Caxton took books to the people , he changed the meaning of the new technology .
Yet all he'd set out to do was mechanize a laborious task .
Was he a visionary ?
I do n't think so .
He merely suffered from writer 's cramp .
Technology is like that .
We do n't understand what the synergy between ourselves and our machines is doing until it 's done .
One of the first people who caught on was the humanist scholar Erasmus .
Erasmus used the new print medium to shape his own image as well as to promote his ideas .
Some scholars have called Erasmus the first spin doctor .
He worked hand in glove with the great Swiss printer , Froben .
He knew that print meant a whole lot more than increased production .
Finally , in 1517 , he cried out , " Immortal God , what a world I see dawning .
Why can I not be young again ? "
That was 61 years after Gutenberg .
If it takes us that long to realize that the computer is no mere tool for speeding communication , we 'll be in real trouble .
Let me tell you the strange tragicomical tale of Menocchio :
The miller Menocchio was born in 1532 -- 76 years after Gutenberg .
He was a friendly , loquacious fellow , always shooting off his mouth .
Menocchio could read , and he knew those new books held wonderful secrets .
Historian Carlo Ginzburg tells how he read and talked .
He spent his precious money on precious books .
He swapped books with literate friends in other towns .
The words made only patchwork sense to him , but those bits and pieces of learning obsessed Menocchio .
He collared friends on the street to harangue them about the Trinity , the Virgin Birth , and cosmic origins .
Finally , of course , the Italian Inquisition haled him into court .
" Keep your mouth shut , " his family told him .
Menocchio tried but could n't .
He faced a panel of real scholars who were ready to listen .
He faced a notary who would write down every word .
It was a dream fulfilled .
Menocchio talked -- and talked .
His theology violated all orthodoxy .
It contradicted itself .
It was earthy and filled with rich metaphors .
He 'd created a cosmology of putrefaction .
The heavens , he said , formed when the vast primordial chaos curdled into planets and stars -- the way cheese curdles out of cream .
Angels came into being in this ferment -- the way worms appear in rotting cheese .
( Now , as telescopes reach the far fringe of the universe , that sounds less silly .
For now we can see stars curdling out of the chaos of 15 billion years ago , just as Menocchio imagined . )
As Menocchio talks , we hear random echoes from all the great forbidden books of his age -- the Vulgate Bible , the Decameron , the Koran .
He 's angry at the Church for controlling all that knowledge .
His anger keeps spilling out .
The court found Menocchio guilty of heresy and threw him in prison for life .
Three years later , a sick and thoroughly chastened Menocchio convinced authorities he 'd changed .
They released him .
He went back to work .
But those beautiful new printed books were still there , and he was soon talking again .
This time the trial was shorter .
This time they subjected Menocchio , now 67 , to a half - hour of torture .
In the end , they burned him at the stake .
Menocchio had been seized by the magic of the new technology of printing .
Today , we read those old court records in a book .
Now Menocchio speaks to scholars once more , for the printed book has let him outlive his inquisitors .
Today , he really does charm scholars .
Menocchio finally takes his own place in the very medium that changed history -- at the same time it ended his simple life .
What did the new books really do ?
We spend so much time praising them that we overlook the mischief .
The new books led us to rediscover the writings and values of classical Greece .
As part of that we coupled Aristotle 's almost - forgotten observational science with the new widespread use of block - print illustration -- soon followed by more refined copperplate engravings .
Medieval scholarship had been Platonist through and through .
For those of you who know the Myers - Briggs test , Medieval scholars were dominantly N - types , not S - types .
They looked inside their mind for understanding , not to the outside world .
But the message embedded in all those books was that knowledge comes from outside ourselves .
The new scientists of the 16th century all became Aristotelian S - types .
That led to the creation of a whole set of new observational sciences -- botany , anatomy , geography , ethnography .
It also led us away from the deductive philosophies .
We had to wait for a crypto-alchemist named Isaac Newton to create a new synthesis of internal and external thinking .
So the new books stirred science up and redirected it .
That new direction was a bit mono - thematic and limited .
Nevertheless , science needed a shaking up at that point , and science got a shaking up .
But other dimensions of classical Greek thinking were a lot more sinister .
Hellenic civilization had highly honed such institutions as slavery , male dominance , and organized war .
Now those values came back with a vengence .
The new Central - European Protestants were the first and major book printers , and they were also the worst of the new witch - burners .
Do n't for a minute think that the new book - readers were an entirely enlightened people .
Books meant trouble .
People derived all kinds of mischief from them .
Like Menocchio , they caught bits and pieces , and they drew all kinds of strange conclusions out of those bits and pieces .
So let 's come back to our question :
What did people say in 1498 ?
Well , they said only , " How wonderful it is to have all these new books . "
Those same people were engaged in turning the known world inside out , but they did n't for a minute see what they were doing .
And what are people saying in 1998 ?
Well , we 've watched technology turning us inside out for about 200 years now .
So we expect the computer to change us .
But technology has never been predictable .
We always miss the point .
Visionaries looked at transportation in 1948 and predicted we'd have a helicopter in every garage by 1960 .
They looked at the new computers in 1960 and predicted that one big mother computer would organize the world by 1980 .
We never get the future right .
Today , visionaries fall oddly quiet while the rest us of run about saying Gee Whiz , look at how much information our children can access .
The real changes that the computer is bringing about are changes in the way we see reality .
And we do not yet have an adult generation that 's known the computer from the cradle .
All of us see the computer against the background of the not - computer .
All of us typed before we word - processed .
All of us learned the algorithms of arithmetic before we used hand calculators .
All of us see the PC against the backdrop of a world without it .
What we cannot see at all is how a mind will work when it 's never known anything but the PC .
What did they say in 1498 ?
In the end it does n't matter , because it was -- ipso facto -- useless commentary .
For everyone looking at the new books in 1498 , the future was as hopelessly unpredictable as it is now .
We cannot have a clue as to what any technological future will be until we learn it from a new generation of users .
The new generation of computer users will be one for whom spelling exercises and long division and drafting and ledger books are no more than words cropping up , now and then , in old novels .
But ( and here 's the big catch ) we 're completely responsible for shaping a future that no one can begin to predict .
And , more than anyone else , it is we teachers , librarians , and the other managers of information who will shape the future .
How are we supposed to do that ?
How are we supposed to shape a future we cannot predict ?
The answer lies in riding the present so that it turns into a decent future .
I 'll finish by suggesting that we let three principles guide us as we try to do that .
1 . ) Seek out our ignorance .
I believe it was poet Wallace Stevens who said , To impose is not to discover .
We have to identify what it is we do n't know .
The troublemaker in times like this is the expert , confident in his ability to read the crystal ball .
The beginning of wisdom is delineating our own ignorance .
2 . ) Good people make good machines .
Bad people make bad machines .
That simplistic message comes at me again and again in everything I learn about technological change .
Technology lies right next to the human heart .
If we create a good future with our machines , it will be because we 've genuinely cared about the people we 've served as we 've worked .
3 . ) Do n't try to plan the future .
We cannot plan what can not be predicted .
We cannot adhere to long - term plans in a shifting technological climate .
All that does is to delay inevitable change until it has to occur catastrophically instead of by evolution .
What we can do is create a flexible present so the future can bend and follow a path that 'll come out in a good place .
You 've subtitled your conference Changes , Choices , & Challenges .
As I face the winds of today 's astonishing array of changes , challenges and choices , I can only hope to be like the willow tree and not the oak -- to bend and flex and not to break .
I can only hope to remember how everyone missed the point in 1498 .
SOME SOURCES Reid , T. R. , The Chip : How Two Americans Invented the Microchip and Launched a Revolution .
Simon and Schuster , New York , 1984 .
Malone , M. S. , The Microprocessor : A Biography .
Springer Verlag , ELOS , 1995 .
Eisenstein , E. L. , The Printing Press as an Agent of Change .
Vol. I and II , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 1979 .
See especially Part One , Chapter 1 , " The Unacknowledged Revolution . "
Sparrow , A. , and Perosa , J. S. , Renaissance Latin Verse .
Charlotte : University of North Carolina Press , 1979 , Nos. 252 and 253 ( poems by Sebastian Brant and Conradus Celtis . )
( I am grateful to Dora Pozzi , UH Classics Department , for translating these texts . )
Pollard , A. W. , An Essay on Colophons , with Specimens and Translations , New York : B. Franklin , 1968 .
( Originally published by the Caxton Club in Chicago in 1905 . )
Bozeman , L. P. , Fadell , J. E. , and Lienhard , J. H. , INCUNABULA : 1455 -1500 , The Cradle Years of Book Printing .
Houston , TX : University of Houston Library , Catalog of an Exhibit of the same name , October 1995 to January 1996 .
Jardine , L. , Erasmus , Man of Letters : The Construction of Charisma in Print .
Princeton : Princeton University Press , 1993 .
It is a not - insignificant footnote to my comments on what people were saying in the late 15th century that I obtained much of the source material for it from the EXLIBRIS Listserv .
EXLIBRIS is an internet bulletin board for rare - books people that uses late - 20th - century technology to share information about old books .
Ginzburg , C. , The Cheese and the Worms : The Cosmos of a Sixteenth - Century Miller . ( tr. John and Anne Tedeschi ) London and Henley : Routledge & Kegan Paul , 1980 .
Deacon , R. , A Biography of William Caxton : The First English Editor , Printer , Merchant and Translator .
Chatham , Frederick Muller Ltd. , 1976 .
Blake , N.F. , Caxton : England 's First Publisher .
London : Osprey Publishing , Ltd. , 1976 .
Jennett , S. , Pioneers in Printing .
London : Routledge & Kegan Paul , Ltd. , 1958 , pp. 28 - 46 .
Many facsimile volumes of Caxton 's works are available .
Check your local library .
The actual title of his first printed book was Recuyell of the Trojan Histories .
( Recuyell is an old French word meaning " collection . " )
Physicists describe strange new fluid - like state of matter Print - quality photo :
Comparison of granular jets at atmospheric pressure and in a vacuum A - C show images from a high - speed video of a granular jet produced by the impact of a heavy sphere at atmospheric pressure .
D- F show images from a high - speed video of the jet at reduced pressure .
Air compressed between the sand grains provides most of the energy that drives the jet , according to scientists at the University of Chicago .
Images courtesy of Heinrich Jaeger , University of Chicago
University of Chicago physicists have created a novel state of matter using nothing more than a container of loosely packed sand and a falling marble .
They have found that the impacting marble produces a jet of sand grains that briefly behaves like a special type of dense fluid .
“ We ’re discovering a new type of fluid state that seems to exist in this combination of gas — air in this case — and a dense arrangement of particles , ” said Heinrich Jaeger , Professor in Physics and Director of the Materials Research Science and Engineering Center at the University of Chicago .
“ It ’s just a most amazing phenomenon . ”
Jaeger ’s team describes the surprising phenomenon in the December issue of the journal Nature Physics .
The team consists of graduate students John Royer and Eric Corwin ; 2003 University of Chicago physics graduate Andrew Flior ; visiting physics graduate student Maria - Luisa Cordero from the Universidad de Chile ; Peter Eng , a Senior Research Associate at the University ’s James Franck Institute ; and Mark Rivers , Associate Director of the University ’s Consortium for Advanced Radiation Sources .
Scientists typically have produced new states of matter at ultra-cold temperatures , those nearing absolute zero ( minus 497.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
In this case , granular materials take on unusual characteristics at room temperature .
“ The jet acts like an ultra-cold , ultra - dense gas , not in terms of ambient temperature , but in terms of how we define temperature via the random motion of particles .
Inside the jet there is very , very little random motion , ” Jaeger said .
The jetting phenomenon was first reported in 2001 by Sigurdur Thoroddsen and Amy Shen , who were then at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Studying the way the characteristics of granular materials changes from solid to fluid has long been a research theme at Chicago ’s Center for Materials Research .
Thoroddsen and Shen ’s work led Jaeger to suggest that Flior reproduce the experiment as the subject of his undergraduate honors thesis .
Meanwhile , a group led by Detlef Lohse at the University of Twente in the Netherlands used high - speed video and computer simulations to infer how the jet was caused by gravity as material rushed in to fill the void left behind by the impacting object .
But to actually demonstrate the underlying cause of the jet ’s formation , the Chicago team needed very fast , non-invasive tracking of the interior of the sand .
To this end , the Chicago scientists used high - speed X - ray radiography .
Taken at 5,000 frames per second , the X - ray images were the fastest ever taken at Argonne National Laboratory ’s Advanced Photon Source , which produces the most brilliant X - ray beams for research in the Western Hemisphere .
The experiments , conducted at both atmospheric pressure and in a vacuum , showed that air compressed between the sand grains provides most of the energy that drives the jet .
The University of Twente ’s Lohse said he regards the work of Jaeger ’s team as “ very important . ”
“ The result is totally unexpected , ” Lohse .
“ One would think that the effect of air would weaken the jet , but what is the case is just the opposite . ”
Systematically reducing the pressure , Jaeger ’s team observed that the jet , in fact , consisted of two stages .
Air pressure exerted little influence on the jet ’s initial stage , a thin stream of particles that breaks up into droplets .
But air pressure played a key role in forming the jet ’s second stage , characterized by a thick column of particles with ripples on its surface .
“ One of the biggest questions that we have still not solved is why this jet is so sharply delineated .
Why are there these beautiful boundaries ?
Why is n’t this whole thing just falling apart , ” Jaeger asked .
Jaeger ’s team needed advanced scientific equipment and support from the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy to conduct this study .
To observe the basic effect , however , “ You can do this experiment at home , ” he said .
Take a cup of powdered sugar and pour it into another container to ensure that it is loosely packed .
Then , drop a marble into the cup .
“ Once you drop that marble in there , you see that jet emerging , but you have to look fast . ”
http://www-news.uchicago.edu/releases/05/051205.newfluid.shtml
Last modified at 08:30 PM CST on Wednesday , December 07 , 2005 .
Scientists are reconstructing the genome of Neanderthals - the close relations of modern man .
The ambitious project involves isolating genetic fragments from fossils of the prehistoric beings who originally inhabited Europe to map their complete DNA .
The Neanderthal people ( info ) were believed to have died out about 35,000 years ago - at a time when modern humans were advancing across the continent .
Lead researcher Dr Svante Paabo ( homepage ) , an evolutionary geneticist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , said : ' This would be the first time we have sequenced the entire genome of an extinct organism . '
... But the prospect of the genome providing the blueprint for resurrecting a living " Jurassic - Park - style " Neanderthal is unlikely .
Continued at " Scientists Create Neanderthal Genome "
-------
See " Neanderthal Genome To Be Deciphered "
And the following paper :
Nature Reviews Genetics 7 , 693-702 ( September 2006 ) | doi:10.1038/nrg1940
Evolution of primate gene expression : Abstract | Full Text | Pdf by Philipp Khaitovich , Wolfgang Enard , Michael Lachmann and Svante Paabo
Books on Neanderthals from the Science and Evolution Bookshop : UK | US
Books on Human Origins from the Science and Evolution Bookshop : UK | US
[ Neandertal , Neandertals ]
Technorati : genome , neanderthals , modern , man , genetic , fossils , prehistoric , europe , dna , map , neanderthal , continent , svante , paabo , max , planck , institute , evolutionary , anthropology , leipzig , germany , extinct , organism , blueprint , jurassic , park , nature , reviews , genetics , evolution , primate , gene , expression , books , human origins , neandertal , neandertals
Adjust font size :
Editor 's note : Henry Schuster , a senior producer in CNN 's investigative unit and author of " Hunting Eric Rudolph , " has been covering terrorism for more than a decade .
Each week in " Tracking Terror , " he reports on people and organizations driving international and domestic terrorism , and efforts to combat them .
( CNN ) --
This is the time of year that fighting traditionally tapers off in Afghanistan as winter sets in , so it 's probably not too surprising that the Taliban 's latest offensive is on the propaganda front .
First there were videos , including one obtained by CNN that shows multiple beheadings as well as preparations for attacks and recruitment of suicide bombers .
Now , the Taliban has put out a code of conduct for its commanders and fighters -- including when to kill teachers and how to prevent sexual abuse .
According to Pakistani journalist Khawar Mehdi Rizvi , who obtained a copy of the 30 - point plan and provided it to CNN , the instructions have been issued to district level commanders in Afghanistan in a small handbook .
The document , which says it was approved by the elusive Taliban leader Mullah Muhammad Omar , was apparently first given to members of the insurgent group 's Shura council during a secret meeting in late September or October .
Coalition military officials say they have seen the document and believe it to be authentic .
An invitation to all Afghans
The Taliban sent more men to the battlefield this summer than in any of the five years since the group was toppled from power by the Northern Alliance and U.S. - led coalition , but rule one makes it clear that recruitment remains a priority :
" A Taliban commander is permitted to extend an invitation to all Afghans who support infidels so that they may convert to the true Islam . "
New recruits will be protected , says the code of conduct , but they are also subject to the Taliban 's harsh fundamentalist version of Islamic justice , which in the past has included mistreatment of women , beatings and executions .
Rule five says that any Taliban member who kills a new recruit forfeits his protection and " will be punished according to Islamic law " while rule seven says that " foreign infidels " taken prisoner must not be exchanged for other prisoners or money .
While the Taliban has fought with increasing sophistication during the most recent round of battles -- often with formations of 50 or more men -- it has also suffered big losses .
" This is an effort from the senior leadership to reassert basic command and control over the troops , " Jarret Brachman , research director at West Point 's Combating Terrorism Center , says of the handbook .
He says many of the rules show how the Taliban leaders , including Mullah Omar , are trying to reassert control while in hiding and removed from direct contact with the rank and file .
A kinder , gentler Taliban ?
The Taliban rose to power in the 1990s in response to corrupt warlords who were busy tearing the country apart .
Corruption is once again a serious problem , this time for the U.S. - backed government of President Hamid Karzai , and the Taliban code of conduct is aimed at exploiting that advantage .
" Taliban may not use Jihad equipment or property for personal ends " reads rule nine , while rule 10 says each Taliban is held " accountable to his superiors in matters of money spending and equipment usage . "
This is clear PR , Brachman says .
" The Taliban recognizes that it has the reputation of being a band of brutal barbarians interested only in clubbing women back to the Stone Age .
This rule sheet reads like an effort to put a kinder , gentler , more moderate and professional face on the movement . "
Until you get to rules 24 and 25 , which make it clear that the Taliban 's current campaign of destroying schools around Afghanistan and terrorizing teachers will continue as long as schools dare teach something other than the Taliban version of Islam .
" It is forbidden to work as a teacher under the current puppet regime , because this strengthens the system of the infidels , " says rule 24 .
And if a teacher refuses a warning to give up his job , reads rule 25 , " he must be beaten . "
" If the teacher still continues to instruct contrary to the principles of Islam , the district commander or a group leader must kill him , " it continues .
When schools are burned , the Taliban rules say it is important that religious texts be removed from the buildings first .
Defining the Taliban
Journalist Rizvi says that each of the 30 rules reveals much about the Taliban and how it has evolved over the last five years .
One rule , notes Rizvi , says that only the highest levels of the Taliban can approve work for an NGO ( the non-governmental organizations that do much of the aid and reconstruction work in Afghanistan ) .
Rizvi says this means " they have planted people inside NGOs . "
One reason for the handbook is to put the Taliban 's religious views front and center to its members , adds Brachman .
" The first rule is classic in that it welcomes believers of Islam into their movement .
Punishments and judgments are stated as playing out according to Islamic law . "
He also sees it as a move -- as the Taliban raises its military profile -- to set a certain standard of professionalism and behavior .
Along with rules about not smoking cigarettes and not allowing murderers to join the Taliban , there also is this entry : Taliban " are not allowed to take young boys with no facial hair onto the battlefield or into their private quarters . "
Sexual abuse , says Rizvi , has always been a problem for the movement , especially in some of the madrassas ( religious schools ) that feed recruits to the movement .
Controlling bad behavior , according to Brachman , is just one of the ways " the Taliban are aggressively seeking to update their organization inside and out . "
And that , he says , is a worrying sign , as worrying as their increased presence on the battlefield .
The political leader of Hamas is made a signifigant move toward changing Hamas ' position on the right of the State of Israel to exist .
Instead of welcoming this apperent change from the leadership of Hamas , the Olmert government and Condi Rice are doing their best to discount and ignore this new opertunity to move forward .
Hamas yesterday appeared to soften its long - standing refusal to recognise Israel .
Khaled Meshal , the Islamic movement 's political leader in exile in Damascus , said that Israel was a " reality " and that " there will remain a state called Israel , this is a matter of fact " .
Both Israeli and European diplomats reacted with caution , although they acknowledged that the interview contained things Hamas had not said before .
Mr Meshal is regarded as the man who dictates policy for the Palestinian government from his base in the Syrian capital .
The Independent
If Rice chooses to ignore an opening like this we 'll all know that she was only going through the motions .
Free on the Web is one thing -- Flickr for pictures , Slate for news analysis , Craigslist for classifieds -- but taking free into the offline world of paper , delivery and vendors means scale , the grail of the race for eyeballs , and that adds to expense .
If a Web site achieves a growing audience , it simply beefs up servers and serves up more ads .
If a free print product catches on , its publisher has to deal with beefy union delivery drivers and serving up more expensively milled dead trees .
And it has to deal with something else : consumers who value its publication at exactly zero dollars and zero cents .
During the dot - com delirium , many people fondly quoted Stewart Brand , the founder of The Well and The Whole Earth Catalogue , saying " Information wants to be free . "
Chris Anderson , the editor in chief of Wired magazine ( newsstand price : $ 4.95 ) who is writing a book about media consumption titled " The Long Tail , " reminded me that people always leave out the second part of that quote : " Information wants to be free because it has become so cheap to distribute , copy and recombine -- too cheap to meter .
It wants to be expensive because it can be immeasurably valuable to the recipient .
That tension will not go away . "
And it has not .
Many print publications -- magazines like The New Yorker , The Atlantic and The Economist , along with newspapers like The Wall Street Journal -- require their readers to plunk down real money to access their contents .
It may or may not cover costs , but it is meaningful revenue in more ways than one .
Part of the reason some traditional media cling to charging is that the revenues derived from consumers have symbolic significance -- what the author Rafi Mohammed , in his book " The Art of Pricing , " called " the belief of value . "
Magazines that use subscription and newsstand purchases as an index of " wantedness " typically pay more to acquire readers than they collect , which makes little economic sense .
But paid content addresses the issue of time poverty , the real challenge of contemporary print media .
If they buy it , the thinking goes , they will read it .
Right now , consumers , especially younger ones , believe that they have already paid .
A family of five , and we are not naming names here , spends $ 4,000 a year to access broadband , cellphone and cable coverage and would be fools to pay more .
Yes , pay for the pipes and what goes through them , but not a penny more .
Traditional media has to make a case -- perhaps by starting small , as iTunes did at 99 cents a song -- that some things in the pipe are worth spending for , too .
" Donald Rumsfeld is not a competent wartime leader .
He knows everything , except how to win .
He surrounds himself with like - minded and compliant subordinates who do not grasp the importance of the principles of war , the complexities of Iraq , or the human dimension of warfare .
" Secretary Rumsfeld ignored 12 years of U.S. Central Command deliberate planning and strategy , dismissed honest dissent , and browbeat subordinates to build ' his plan ' which did not address the hard work to crush the insurgency , secure a post - Saddam Iraq , build the peace , and set Iraq up for self - reliance .
He refused to acknowledge and even ignored the potential for the insurgency , which was an absolute certainty .
Bottom line , his plan allowed the insurgency to take root and metastasize to where it is today . "
Three retired military officers , all of whom are Veterans of the Iraq war , called for Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to resign , in testimony yesterday before an oversight hearing called by Congressional Democrats -- in the absence of any move by Republicans to observe those responsibilities .
Retired officers Major General John R. S. Batiste , Major General Paul Eaton and Colonel Paul X. Hammes testified in brutally honest terms before a panel convened by Senator Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) .
Dorgan said of the Republican failure to perform any oversight whatsoever over the Bush White House " if they wo n't ... we will .
" And the retired Iraq - war leaders got right to the point in their opening statements .
" I believe that Secretary Rumsfeld and others in the administration did not tell the American people the truth for fear of losing support for the war in Iraq , " said Batiste , who described himself as a " lifelong Republican " who was so discouraged with the military under Bush and Rumsfeld that he chose to retire .
" I left the military on principle on November 1 , 2005 , after more than 31 years of service , " said Batiste .
" I walked away from promotion and a promising future serving our country .
I hung up my uniform because I came to the gut - wrenching realization that I could do more good for my soldiers and their families out of uniform . "
" Our nation is in peril , " Batiste continued .
" Our Department of Defense ’s leadership is extraordinarily bad , and our Congress is only today , more than five years into this war , beginning to exercise its oversight responsibilities .
" Batiste then went directly after Rumsfeld , characterizing him as a failed leader who has allowed the military to deteriorate , while making America less safe .
Here 's the full video ( about 10 minutes ) of General Batiste 's opening remarks : Retired Major General Paul Eaton , who has two sons currently serving in Iraq , lashed the Bush administration , calling the planning for the latter stages of the Iraq occupation " amateurish at best " and describing Rumsfeld himself " incompetent strategically , operationally and tactically . " " There is a failure on the part of this administration to understand what strategic planning is all about , " said Eaton .
" Mr. Rumsfeld and his immediate team must be replaced or we will see two more years of extraordinarily bad decision - making .
"
" The president is not well served by this Secretary of Defense , a man history will not treat kindly .
" Major General Eaton 's opening statement is roughly eight minutes : Retired Colonel Thomas Hammes said that the Bush administration has called the war in Iraq the central front in the war on terror and such a major threat to U.S. security and yet has done nothing to lead Americans to address that risk .
"
The administration has repeatedly stated that the war in Iraq is critical to the security of the United States and yet has made no effort to mobilize the American people or industry , " said Hammes .
" We have left the war to less than one percent of our population that has served or is serving in Iraq -- and we have failed to support them .
" I find it remarkable that a nation that could produce 4,000 aircraft a month in World War II , is limited to 48 armored vehicles per month today , " he said .
" The disconnect between our rhetoric and our actions is both astonishing and immoral .
" Hammes , who was in charge of establishing bases for the Iraqi armed forces and served in Iraq in 2004 , joined Batiste and Eaton in calling for Rumsfeld to resign .
" Senior military leaders have failed to speak out for their troops .
At a more senior level , the Secretary of Defense has not acknowledged the numerous , serious mistakes made to date .
His refusal to see the problems means he cannot solve them .
It is time for him to provide the nation with the last of a long series of services and step down .
Hammes 's opening statement ( about seven minutes ) is here : Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) put the icing on the cake by once again calling Bush and Dick Cheney on their total failure to provide true security for the American people .
" When the U.S. intelligence community confirmed that America is losing the war on terror because of Bush failures in Iraq , this White House lost all credibility on matters of national security , " said Reid .
" With Iraq in a civil war , Afghanistan moving backwards and our own borders unsecured , it 's clear George Bush and Dick Cheney are desperate to hide their record and distort the truth . "
As Ross Douthat observed on his blog , The American Scene , Katrina was the anti-9/11 .
On Sept. 11 , Rudy Giuliani took control .
The government response was quick and decisive .
The rich and poor suffered alike .
Americans had been hit , but felt united and strong .
Public confidence in institutions surged .
Last week in New Orleans , by contrast , nobody took control .
Authority was diffuse and action was ineffective .
The rich escaped while the poor were abandoned .
Leaders spun while looters rampaged .
Partisans squabbled while the nation was ashamed .
The first rule of the social fabric -- that in times of crisis you protect the vulnerable -- was trampled .
Leaving the poor in New Orleans was the moral equivalent of leaving the injured on the battlefield .
No wonder confidence in civic institutions is plummeting .
And the key fact to understanding why this is such a huge cultural moment is this :
Last week 's national humiliation comes at the end of a string of confidence - shaking institutional failures that have cumulatively changed the nation 's psyche .
If you have enjoyed Bede 's Library , you can order my book , The Genesis of Science : How the Christian Middle Ages Launched the Scientific Revolution ( US ) from Amazon.com or God 's Philosophers : How the Medieval World Laid the Foundations of Modern Science ( UK ) from Amazon.co.uk .
For my latest thoughts on science , politics , religion and history , read Quodlibeta CLICK HERE
The Mysterious Fate of the Great Library of Alexandria Other articles of interest : The Myth of Conflict in the History of Science and Religion Medieval Science and the Church Christianity and the Rise of Science Copernicus and his Revolutions Contents Introduction Julius Caesar Theophilus Omar I have also written a more detailed and heavily annotated study of the Great Library of Alexandria which you can read here .
Note :
When a reference is given in Green then holding your mouse over it will cause a note to appear that gives the text of the reference .
Longer references , given in Red , will appear in a new window as long as your brower supports Javascript .
I believe that giving ready access to the original sources should be one of the primary aims of scholarship on the Internet .
Introduction What happened to the Royal Library of Alexandria ?
We can be certain it was there once , founded by Ptolomy II Soter , and we can be equally certain it is not there now .
It formed part of the Museum which was located in the Bruchion or palace quarter of the city of Alexandria .
This great ancient city , occupying a spit of land on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea , had been founded by Alexander the Great in his flying visit to Egypt and became the capital of the last dynasty of Pharaohs descended from Alexander 's general Ptolemy .
The Great or more properly Royal Library formed a part of the Museum but whether or not it was a separate building is unclear .
Stories about its demise have been circulating for centuries and date back to at least the first century AD .
These stories continue to be told and embellished today by those who wish to make a moral attack against the alleged vandals .
We find that three parties are blamed for the destruction and they correspond to the three occupying powers that ruled Alexandria after it had been lost by the Greeks .
Let me first tell those stories as we hear them today - without references , largely inaccurate and used as polemic .
Then I will try and establish what , if anything we can know before finally and rather indulgently making my own suggestions .
The suspects respectively are a Roman , a Christian and a Moslem - Julius Caesar , Patriarch Theophilus of Alexandria and Caliph Omar of Damascus .
It is clear that the Royal Library could not have been burnt down or otherwise destroyed by all three of these characters and so we find we have too many sources for the event of the destruction rather than a paucity .
As scholars of the Gospels will vouch , this too can be an embarrassment .
How we decide to reconcile the stories will depend almost entirely on how we criticise the sources and which of them we choose to consider most reliable .
Archaeology can be a help with ancient history although it tends to be silent about the things in which we are most interested leading the more foolish archaeologists to claim they never happened .
In the case of Alexandria a series of earthquakes and floods in the middle ages mean that the entire palace quarter in the North East of the city is now underwater and largely inaccessible .
Recent work in underwater archaeology has revealed more but we will probably never be able to dig around in the foundations of the Museum .
The Great Temple of Serapis , to which we will later return , was in the south - western quarter and parts of its foundations have been excavated .
Julius Caesar First , let us read the legendary account :
It is often said that the Romans were civilised but their most famous general was responsible for the greatest act of vandalism during antiquity .
Julius Caesar was attacking Alexandria in pursuit of his archrival Pompey when he found himself about to be cut off by the Egyptian fleet .
Realising that this would leave him in a desperate predicament , he took decisive action and sent fire ships into the harbour .
His plan was a success and the enemy fleet was quickly aflame .
But the fire did not stop these and jumped onto the dockside which was laden with flammable materials ready for export .
Next it spread in land and before anyone could stop it , the Great Library itself was blazing brightly as 400,000 priceless scrolls were reduced to ashes .
As for Caesar himself , did not think it important enough to mention in his memoirs .
The accused was indeed in Alexandria in 47 - 48 BC after arriving in pursuit of his rival Pompey .
Caesar was able to occupy the city without any trouble after destroying the Egyptian fleet and was residing in the palace with Cleopatra when more trouble started .
Some henchmen of the Pharaoh attacked with a sizable force and Caesar suddenly found himself stuck in a hostile city with very few forces .
That he still won out is a tribute to his luck and powers of leadership .
This much is uncontested but to unravel the fate of the Royal Library we must examine the ancient sources .
Julius Caesar - The Civil Wars
The earliest account we have of this these events is in The Civil Wars penned by Caesar ( died 44 BC ) himself .
In it he explains how he had to set the dockyards and Alexandrine fleet alight for his own safety as he was in dire straits .
As to whether the fire spread away from the shore and also damaged the Royal Library , he is silent .
The narrative in The Civil Wars break off at the start of the campaign in Egypt and the story is taken up by one of his lieutenant 's called Hirtius ( died 43 BC ) in The Alexandrine War .
It does not include any mention of setting fire to Alexandria but instead states that in fact the city would not burn as it was made purely of stone .
We can log this as a Not Guilty plea by the accused but note that a reason he might have mentioned that Alexandria does not burn would be to hide his own action of burning it .
Future history demonstrated many times that Alexandria burns just as well as any other city .
The fire is also not mentioned by Cicero in his philippics against Caesar 's ally Mark Anthony .
This is a valuable witness for the defence , as Cicero did not like Caesar at all .
Unfortunately it is also an argument from silence and it is very possible that Cicero either did not know about everything that happened , saw no need to mention this particular event or mentioned it in the quarter of his works no longer extant .
Strabo - Geography
The great scholar , Strabo ( died after 24AD ) was in Alexandria in 20BC and in all his detailed description of the palace and Museum does not mention the library at all .
This omission is often explained by scholars claiming that the library was inside the Museum or annexed to it .
But even so , not breathing a word about this famous institution is very suspicious .
Can we conclude that the library was no longer there but that political constraints meant that its fate still could not be mentioned ?
Modern writer , Mostafa El - Abbadi , comes up with a more subtle point .
He shows how Strabo mentions the body of research available to one of the earlier librarians was much greater than Strabo himself had access to .
He concludes that this shows that Strabo did not have access to the wisdom of the Royal Library that his illustrious predecessor had .
The point is small but potentially significant .
Livy and Florus - Epitome of the History of Rome
The first mention of the fire at Alexandria would seem to come from Livy ( died 17AD ) in his History of Rome .
The book that it was included in is lost and the surviving Summaries are too brief to include it .
However , a second century Epitome written by Florus survives and it says that the fire was started by Caesar to clear the area around his position so the enemy had no cover from which to fire arrows .
The library itself is not mentioned by Florus although it was in the same area of the city as Caesar who was occupying the palace at the time .
The Younger Seneca - On Tranquillity of the Mind In fact we do know that the Royal Library is mentioned by Livy because he is later quoted by Seneca ( died 65AD ) in his dialogue
On the Tranquillity of the Mind where he also says that a great number of books were destroyed .
It has been asserted that Seneca must have got his knowledge about the destruction of the books from Livy but a close reading of the dialogue does not bear this out .
Seneca actually only states that Livy thought the library was " the most distinguished achievement of the good taste and solicitude of kings " and then only so as he can disagree .
The actual number of books destroyed that Seneca gives is matter of some controversy that we will need to briefly address .
In ancient manuscripts it is common for large numbers to be expressed as a dot placed above the numeral for each power of ten .
Clearly in copying it is easy to make a mistake with the number of dots and errors by a factor of ten are frequent .
That may have happened in the case of On the Tranquillity of the Mind .
The manuscript from Monte Cassino actually reads 40,000 books but this is usually corrected to 400,000 by editors as other sources such as Orosius give this figure for the number of scrolls destroyed .
I have not seen the manuscript , of course , so do not know if this way the number is expressed .
However , even if it was given in words the difference between 40,000 and 400,000 is also pretty small .
I propose therefore that the number given by Seneca , and indeed all other ancient sources , should be ruled as inadmissible as evidence because we cannot be sure of what it was originally .
Plutarch and Dio Cassius - Life of Caesar and Roman History After this , the references become more explicit .
Plutarch ( died 120AD ) , in his Life of Caesar throws in a reference to the destruction of the library almost casually .
Now Plutarch does not seem to carry a brief against Caesar , although he is happy to criticise him , so we should take this reference seriously .
Additionally , he had visited Alexandria and presumably might have noticed if the library was still in existence .
Dio Cassius ( died 235AD ) tells us that warehouses of books near the docks were accidentally burnt by Caesar 's men .
His words are difficult to pin down and have led some scholars to suggest that only books waiting for export were destroyed .
This reads far more into the text than it allows and I do not think that Dio saying that the books ' happened ' to be in the path of the flames means that usually they were kept somewhere else .
Aulus Gellius - Attic Nights Gellius ( died 180 AD ) included in his Attic Nights contain a brief passage about libraries where the destruction of the Royal Library is mentioned as taking place by accident during our first war against Alexandria when auxiliary soldiers started a fire .
This first war was Caesar 's campaign and the second was when Octavian took Egypt from Mark Anthony and Cleopatra .
In The Vanished Library , Luciano Canfora claims that this passage is an interpolation on the strength that the introduction does not mention it but again the evidence for this seems flimsy .
Gellius claims 700,000 books went up in smoke .
Ammianus Marcellinus and Orosius - Roman History and History against the Pagans One of the final pagan Roman historians , Ammianus Marcellinus ( died 395AD ) , tells us about the fate of the library during an aside about the city of Alexandria in his Roman History .
He relates the story of the fire started by Julius Caesar is ' the unanimous belief of the ancient authors ' but confuses the library building with the Serapeum and increases the number of scrolls destroyed to 700,000 ( perhaps Gellius is his source ) .
The story is repeated with the figure of 400,000 scrolls destroyed by Orosius ( died after 415AD ) , an early Christian historian , in his History against the Pagans .
Both these writers are far too late to be accurate sources on their own but they do tell us that by the fourth century the Royal Library was widely believed to have been destroyed by Julius Caesar .
We will be discussing them further below with regard to the destruction of the Serapeum which occurred in their own time .
The verdict on Caesar Taken together we can conclude a number of things from these sources :
The earliest descriptions of the Alexandrine War , written by Caesar or his crony , deliberately cover up anything that reflects badly on the great man .
Their silence about burning down the world 's greatest library , even by accident , is not surprising .
The library as a separate building did not exist by the time of Strabo 's visit in 20BC .
The belief that Caesar had destroyed the library was widespread by the time his family no longer occupied the throne of the emperors in the late first century AD .
Plutarch , Gellius and Seneca are all evidence for this .
We must therefore assume that the library did not exist at this time .
Plutarch , a Greek , would certainly have known if it did .
Although we cannot prove his guilt with first hand evidence , it seems justified to claim that the book stacks of the Royal Library were burnt down by Julius Caesar .
Perhaps the reading rooms , which in any case were part of the Museum , survived but , as Seneca and all the other sources tell us , the books themselves perished .
That scholarship continued in Alexandria after this time cannot be doubted but I can find no explicit mention of the Royal Library after Caesar 's ill - fated visit .
Indeed as Athenaeus of Naucratis ( died after 200AD ) mournfully wrote in the Deipnosophistai " And concerning the number of books and the establishment of libraries and the collection in the Museum , why need I even speak when they are all the the memory of men . "
Theophilus Again , the legendary story first : Theophilus , Patriarch of Alexandria , is also the patron saint of arsonists .
As Christianity slowly strangled the life out of classical culture in the fourth century it became more and more difficult to be a pagan .
There stood in Alexandria the great temple of Serapis called the Serapeum and attached to it was the Great Library of Alexandria where all the wisdom of the ancients was preserved .
Now Theophilus knew that as long as this knowledge existed people would be less inclined to believe the bible so he set about destroying the pagan temples .
But the Serapeum was a huge structure , high on a mound and beyond the abilities of the raging Christian fanatics to assault .
Faced with this edifice , the Patriarch sent word to Rome .
There the Emperor Theodosius the Great , who had ordered that paganism be annihilated , gave his permission for the destruction of the Serapeum .
Realising they had no chance , the priests and priestesses fled their temple and the mob moved in .
The vast structure was razed to it foundations and the scrolls from the library were burnt in huge pyres in the streets of Alexandria .
Theophilus was indeed the Patriarch of Alexandria at the time that the Serapeum was converted into a Christian church although he has never been made a saint !
The date for the events recorded is usually given as 391AD when Theodosius was emperor and energetically converting all his subjects to Christianity .
The contention made is that there was another library in the Serapeum temple that a Christian mob destroyed during their sacking of the temple .
We need to establish if there really was a library there and also if Theophilus destroyed it .
The intervening years
About the library the sources are reasonably silent but this is not a surprise because we know already that we cannot be talking about the Royal Library itself .
However , Alexandria remained a centre of scholarship and other libraries existed .
The Emperor Claudius set up the eponymous named Claudian to be a centre for the study of history and Hadrian founded a library at the Caesarean temple during his visit .
Less reliably , Plutarch informs us that Mark Anthony gave Cleopatra the entire contents - some 200,000 rolls - of the Pergamon library as a gift .
The 12th century Byzantine scholar , John Tzetzes , in his Prolegomena to Aristophanes preserves some details about the catalogue of the poet Callimachus ( died after 250BC ) who said there were nearly 500,000 scrolls in the Royal Library and another 42,000 odd in the outer or public library .
Note that Callimachus is not known to have referred to the Serapeum Library although he is often assumed to be doing so .
The fourth century Bishop Epiphanius of Cyprus ( died 402AD ) in his Weights and Measures ( actually a biblical commentary ! ) says that there were over 50,000 volumes in the ' daughter ' library that he places in the Serapeum .
Our previous observations about numbers fully apply here even if it seems fair to say that there were many fewer scrolls in the daughter than in the Royal Library .
Epiphanius also tells us that by his day the entire Bruchion quarter of Alexandria was laid waste , no doubt due to the actions of Aurelian or Diocletian .
There is a detailed report of the acropolis of Alexandria in a Progymnasmata by Aphthonius of Ephesus ( died after 400AD ) which he presents as an example of how to give a description .
He speaks of book repositories open to the public and we can assume this refers to the Serapeum .
Unfortunately the date of the description is impossible to determine and nor can we tell if it is an eyewitness account .
However , we do have enough evidence in total to assert that there was once a library at the Serapeum even if it is not the same as the ' outer library ' attached to the Royal Library .
Despite the continuation of academic activity , Alexandria suffered much in the years up to 391AD .
Augustus reduced it , Caracalla massacred many of its citizens over a perceived insult and Aurelian also sacked the city and the palace quarter in which the Museum was situated .
Finally , the city was taken with great destruction by Diocletian at the start of the fourth century .
Ammianus Marcellinus - Roman History
In the Roman History , Ammianus waxes lyrical about the Serapeum but he then gets a bit confused and says that the libraries it held were those burnt by Caesar in the Alexandrine War .
The point is perhaps vital though because he had visited Alexandria and yet says of the Serapeum " in it have been valuable libraries " in the perfect tense .
This was before 391AD when Theophilus and his gang set to work and very strongly suggests there were no books present in the temple at the time of its destruction .
Rufinus Tyrannius - Ecclesiastical History
The earliest description of the sack of the Serapeum was almost certainly one by Sophronius , a Christian scholar , called On the Overthrow of Serapis and now lost .
Rufinus ( died 410AD ) was an orthodox Latin Christian who spent many years of his life in Alexandria .
He arrived in 372AD and whether or not he was actually present when the Serapeum was demolished , he was certainly there at around the same time .
He rather freely translated Eusebius 's History of the Church into Latin and then added his own books X and XI taking the narrative up to his own time .
It is in book XI that we find the best source for the events at the Serapeum which he describes in detail .
His account largely agrees with the one given above except that he makes no mention of any library or books at all .
He seems to regret the passing of the Serapeum but puts the blame squarely on the local pagans for inciting the Christian mob .
The only English translation of his work is still very much in copyright so until I have produced another myself the reader will just have to take my word for it .
Eunapius - Lives of the Philosophers
The pagan writer Eunapius of Antioch ( died after 400AD ) included an account of the sack of the Serapeum in his Life of Antonius who , before he died in 390AD , had prophesied that all the pagan temples in Alexandria would be destroyed ( not a desperately surprising contingency at the time ) .
Eunapius wants to show how right he was .
As well as being a pagan , Eunapius is vehemently anti-Christian and spares no effort in making Theophilus and his followers look as foolish as possible .
His narrative is laced with venom and sarcasm as he describes the sack of the temple as a battle without an enemy .
If a great library had been destroyed then Eunapius , the pagan scholar , would surely have mentioned it .
He does not .
Socrates Scholasticus , Hermias Sozomen and Theodoret Socrates ( died after 450AD ) also wrote a History of the Church that continued on from that of Eusebius .
His was more detailed and in Greek rather than Latin .
It contains a chapter about the destruction of the Serapeum which acknowledges that the deed was ordered by the Emperor , that the building was demolished and that it was later converted to a church .
Again , no mention is made of any books that might have been in the Serapeum or what could have happened to them .
His passage about the cross - shaped hieroglyphics found in the temple gives us some idea of how Christianity turned various pagan symbols to its advantage .
The histories of Sozomen ( died 443AD ) and Theodoret ( died after 457AD ) cover a similar period .
Despite being pleased to report in detail the Serapeum 's destruction they also make mention no books at all although Theodoret says that the wooden idols of Serapis were burnt .
Both of these histories are heavily dependent on Socrates but do include details from other sources .
Paulus Orosius - History against the Pagans Orosius ( died after 415AD ) was a friend of Saint Augustine who wrote a History against the Pagans that was fully intended to paint all non-Christians in a bad light .
So as a historian he is useless but when he says something that suggests that his fellow Christians were not whiter than white , that is to say , against the grain of his usual bias , we have to take it seriously .
In his aside on the Great Library , he says something of significance which is both an eyewitness detail and suggests that his fellow Christians are in the wrong .
He says " Â… there exist in temples book chests which we ourselves have seen and when these temples were plundered these , we are told , were emptied by our own men in our own time . "
His statement that there was no other major library in Alexandria at the time of Caesar 's expedition is interesting and would seem to count against there being a Serapeum library at that time .
However , Orosius is too late a source to carry much weight in this matter .
From Orosius we can deduce that Christians did empty some temples of books but we can not go much further .
We cannot say the books were destroyed as this is not stated nor can we say which temples he is talking about or who was responsible .
However , we can be sure he was not talking about the Serapeum as all sources agree it was razed to the ground and the temples Orosius visited are not only still standing but even have their internal furninshings .
The most likely explanation is that the books were removed to Christian libraries or sold .
The verdict on Theophilus
It is hard enough to establish beyond doubt that there was a library in the Serapeum at all but if there was , Ammianus makes clear that it was no longer there by the mid-fourth century .
This is confirmed by the silence of all the sources , including one that would be keen to report Christian atrocities , for the destruction of the temple in 391AD .
Note that this is not an ' argument from silence ' because there is no reason at all to expect a mention of books in the Serapeum when it was demolished .
An invalid ' argument from silence ' is when we claim something that is not mentioned did not happen , even though other evidence suggests it did .
There is no positive evidence for the existence of the library and instead near conclusive eye witness evidence against .
The story that Theophilus destroyed a library is clearly a fiction that we can very precisely lay at the door of Edward Gibbon .
It is in his monumental Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire that we first find the allegation made .
Gibbon seems mainly concerned to clear the Arabs of the responsibility of destroying the library and allows his marked anti-Christian prejudice to cloud his better judgement .
His excellent footnotes show he had exactly the same sources as we do but drew the wrong conclusions .
The story has recently been popularised by Carl Sagan who includes it in Cosmos .
He spices the story up with a role for the murdered philosopher Hypatia , even though there is no evidence connecting her to the library at all .
Caliph Omar
First the legendary account :
The Moslems invaded Egypt during the seventh century as their fanaticism carried them on conquests that would take form an empire stretching from Spain to India .
There was not much of a struggle in Egypt and the locals found the rule of the Caliph to be more tolerant than that of the Byzantines before them .
However , when a Christian called John informed the local Arab general that there existed in Alexandria a great Library preserving all the knowledge in the world he was perturbed .
Eventually he sent word to Mecca where Caliph Omar ordered that all the books in the library should be destroyed because , as he said " they will either contradict the Koran , in which case they are heresy , or they will agree with it , so they are superfluous . "
Therefore , the books and scrolls were taken out of the library and distributed as fuel to the many bathhouses of the city .
So enormous was the volume of literature that it took six months for it all to be burnt to ashes heating the saunas of the conquerors .
The leader of the Moslem forces that took Egypt in 640 AD was called ' Amr and it was he who was supposed to have asked Omar what to do about the fabled library that he found himself in control of .
There are only a few sources that we need to examine .
They are very late
The first of the two late sources dates from the 12th century and is written by Abd al Latif ( died 1231 ) who , in his Account of Egypt while describing Alexandria , mentions of the ruins of the Serapeum .
The problems with this as historical evidence are enormous and insurmountable .
He admits that the source of his information was rumour and the fantasy about Aristotle does not bode well for the veracity of the rest of the piece .
In the thirteenth century the great Jacobite Christian Bishop Gregory Bar HebrÃ¦us ( died 1286 ) , called AbÃ » 'l Faraj in Arabic , fleshes the story out and includes the famous epigram about the Koran .
Again there is no clue as to where he found the story but it seems to have been one doing the rounds among Christians living under the dominion of the Moslems .
Gregory is happy to record plenty of far fetched tales about omens and monstrosities so we must treat this story with the greatest suspicion .
As it is not even included in the original version of his history but only in the Arabic version that he translated and abridged himself very late in life , he may not have known the story when he first put pen to parchment .
In The Vanished Library , Canfora mentions a Syriac manuscript published in Paris at the end of the nineteenth century by FranÃ§ois Nau .
It was written by a Christian monk in the ninth century and details the conversation between John and Caliph Omar .
After help from email correspondents , I have finally been able to find this elusive document in its French translation and ascertained that it makes no mention of any library and appears to be an example of a theological dialogue between two representative individuals .
In other words it is not historical and has no pretensions to be .
The verdict on Omar
The errors in the sources are obvious and the story itself is almost wholly incredible .
In the first place , Gregory Bar HebrÃ¦us represents the Christian in his story as being one John of Byzantium and that John was certainly dead by the time of the Moslem invasion of Egypt .
Also , the prospect of the library taking six months to burn is simply fantastic and just the sort of exaggeration one might expect to find in Arab legends such as the Arabian Nights .
However Alfred Butler 's famous observation that the books of the library were made of vellum which does not burn is not true .
The very late dates of the source material are also suspect as there is no hint of this atrocity in any early literature - even in the Coptic Christian chronicle of John of Nikiou ( died after 640AD ) who detailed the Arab invasion .
Finally , the story comes from the hand of a Christian intellectual who would have been more than happy to show the religion of his rulers in a bad light .
Agreeing with Gibbon this time , we can dismiss it as a legend .
All quotations from or references to this essay should be accompanied by a link back to this page and the name of the author .
This essay may be reproduced only with permission of the author although such permission will not normally be declined .
Back to contents Contact me Home Â© James Hannam 2003 .
Last revised : 28 May , 2013 .
“ We must believe in free will , we have no choice , ” the novelist Isaac Bashevis Singer once said .
He might as well have said , “ We must believe in quantum mechanics , we have no choice , ” if two new studies are anything to go by .
Early last month , a Nobel laureate physicist finished polishing up his theory that a deeper , deterministic reality underlies the apparent uncertainty of quantum mechanics .
A week after he announced it , two eminent mathematicians showed that the theory has profound implications beyond physics : abandoning the uncertainty of quantum physics means we must give up the cherished notion that we …
Tony Blair called for " stronger values " to fight extremism
Blair 's speech
Mr Blair also told the World Affairs Council in Los Angeles that Syria and Iran had to stop supporting terrorism or they would " be confronted " .
His speech was planned some weeks ago but he said the Lebanon crisis had " brought it into sharp relief " .
He said there was now a war " of a completely unconventional kind " .
The prime minister said : " There is an arc of extremism now stretching across the Middle East and touching countries far outside that region . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
When people in the Middle East get a fair voice in running their country , extremism will cease .
Helen , London
Send us your comments
He said in Iraq , Syria had allowed al - Qaeda operatives to " cross the border " while Iran had supported extremist Shia .
" The purpose of the terrorism in Iraq is absolutely simple - carnage , causing sectarian hatred , leading to civil war , " he said .
' Export of instability '
Mr Blair added : " We need to make clear to Syria and Iran that there is a choice : come in to the international community and play by the same rules as the rest of us ; or be confronted .
" Their support of terrorism , their deliberate export of instability , their desire to see wrecked the democratic prospect in Iraq , is utterly unjustifiable , dangerous and wrong .
" If they keep raising the stakes , they will find they have miscalculated . "
Mr Blair also spoke about the conflict between Israel and Lebanon and said that the " purpose of the provocation " that began it " was clear " .
We will not win the battle against this global extremism unless we win it at the level of values as much as force
Tony Blair
In full : Blair 's speech
" It was to create chaos , division and bloodshed , to provoke retaliation by Israel that would lead to Arab and Muslim opinion being inflamed , not against those who started the aggression but against those who responded to it , " he said .
However , he said it was still possible to come out of the crisis " with a better long - term prospect for the cause of moderation in the Middle East succeeding " .
He added : " But it would be absurd not to face up to the immediate damage to that cause which has been done . "
Mr Blair said all would be done to try to halt the hostilities in the conflict .
" But once that has happened we must commit ourselves to a complete renaissance of our strategy to defeat those that threaten us , " he said .
' Alliance of moderation '
Mr Blair spoke of how he believed " global extremism " should be tackled .
" To defeat it will need an alliance of moderation that paints a different future in which Muslim , Jew and Christian , Arab and Western , wealthy and developing nations can make progress in peace and harmony .
Here , Blair 's views are received wisdom - at home , there 's grave doubt
BBC political editor Nick Robinson
Nick 's reports from the USA
He said this " unconventional " war must be won through these values .
" This war ca n't be won in a conventional way , it can only be won by showing that our values are stronger , better and more just , more fair than the alternatives , " he said .
' Values change '
However , he said this required a dramatic change in strategy .
The prime minister told his 2,000 - strong audience there was now an " elemental struggle " about values that was set to shape the world 's future .
He said it was a part of struggle between what he called reactionary Islam and moderate mainstream Islam .
And in Iraq and Afghanistan he said " the banner was not actually regime change it was values change " .
" What we have done therefore in intervening in this way , is probably far more momentous than we appreciated at the time , " he said
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , July 2006 , pages 34 - 35
Special Report
New York Times Editor Abe Rosenthal Had A “ Passionate Attachment ” to Israel
By Richard H. Curtiss
In his farewell address to his countrymen , George Washington cautioned against passionate attachments to foreign countries .
If ever such a warning applied , it was to A.M. Rosenthal , the long - time chief editor of The New York Times , who died May 10 at the age of 84 .
Rosenthal was a campus correspondent at the City College of New York ( CCNY ) when he was invited to join the Times staff after his predecessor joined the military in 1944 , during World War II .
He wisely seized the opportunity to join one of the world ’s most prestigious newspapers .
Although he never did complete his university studies , four years later CCNY granted him a degree anyway .
He started out as a reporter on the Times city staff and later became the paper ’s United Nations correspondent , a position he held for eight years .
He made a point of creating clever headlines to make his work interesting and memorable .
Rosenthal asked the Times to make him a foreign correspondent , hoping to join the Paris bureau as deputy to the chief correspondent .
Because the newspaper ’s policy at the time was to have not more than one Jewish staff member in each bureau , another reporter got the posting .
After applying for the foreign staff several times , Rosenthal finally received his first foreign assignment in 1954 .
He was sent to New Delhi , where he remained for four years , traveling incessantly in the vast country in which he never lost an interest .
He also visited Sri Lanka , Pakistan , Nepal and Kashmir .
Rosenthal ’s next assignment was to the Soviet satellite of Poland , which he eventually was forced to leave because of his persistent and embarrassing questions about the Warsaw government .
After a brief time in Geneva he was assigned to Japan where , again , he wrote engagingly and interestingly about that unique and highly important country .
He also covered the rest of Asia .
The Times then brought him back to New York , where he moved rapidly up the career ladder , eventually becoming the number two man at The New York Times — his ostensible boss being the prestigious James Reston .
By that time Rosenthal was a master of cutthroat office politics , in which Reston was not really interested .
Eventually Rosenthal took over the top position of managing editor .
Rosenthal made a vast number of imaginative changes that , in effect , modernized what was once known as “ the good gray lady ” of journalism .
Some of these features helped build wide circulation , as did local editions in such suburbs as New Jersey , Connecticut , Long Island and Westchester County .
Rosenthal was a master of cutthroat office politics .
For many years
The Times was an unhappy and clique - driven newspaper , but its circulation grew even as many other daily newspapers faded or even folded .
After inaugurating a special edition for Chicago , and expanding to the West Coast , the Times printed simultaneously in all these important markets .
More than anyone else , Rosenthal deserves credit for the fact that the Times is a truly great newspaper which is still expanding .
Although brilliant and innovative , Rosenthal was given to fits of screaming , shouting , cursing and other outbursts that were incongruous with the Times ’ public persona .
He not only could be petty and vindictive , however , but generous and kind as well .
In 1971 he played a key role in the Times ’ publication of the Pentagon Papers , a landmark in the history of journalism which subjected Rosenthal and his publisher , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , to the risk of jail .
Equally important , Rosenthal favored those he considered “ stars ” who were personally loyal to him rather than just to the newspaper .
As managing editor and subsequently executive editor , the posts he held from 1969 until 1986 , Rosenthal reversed one of the Times ’ final , unspoken limitations on Jews .
Because the Times was reputed to be a Jewish - owned publication , there was an unwritten rule that no Jew could report on Israel , in order to avoid the charge of dual loyalties .
Ironically , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , publisher of The Times , did not support the creation of Israel , believing it would create problems for Jewish Americans .
At the time of the U.N. ’s 1947 partition of Palestine and the establishment of the state of Israel in 1948 , Sulzberger cancelled an advertisement submitted by the “ American League for a Free Palestine ” a U.S. alter ego and fund - raiser for the terrorist Irgun Zvi Leumi , led by future Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin .
The action , prompted by Sulzberger ’s personal convictions , brought him into confrontation with American Zionists and led to a costly boycott of The New York Times by department store advertisers .
The boycott was referred to as the “ frightening experience ” by Times executives , who locked away all correspondence referring to it in a safe in the Times ’ offices .
Under Rosenthal , the Times installed David Shipler as Jerusalem bureau chief , assuming , based on the reporter ’s surname , that Shipler was Jewish .
Learning only after the appointment that he in fact was not , Rosenthal waited several years , until the correspondent finished his assignment , before awarding the Jerusalem post to Thomas L. Friedman .
In his book The Other Side of the Coin , noted anti-Zionist author Alfred M. Lilienthal recalled that , in August 1982 , during the Israeli invasion of Lebanon , Friedman wrote a dispatch from Beirut reporting Israel ’s “ indiscriminate ” bombing of Beirut .
Friedman ’s office telex machine soon produced a message from New York that Times editors had deleted the word “ indiscriminate ” as editorializing — although they praised Friedman for “ good work under dangerous conditions . ”
Friedman replied that he had purposely used the word after traveling around Beirut and concluding that the bombing that day was fundamentally different from what had happened on the previous 63 days .
“ What can I say ? ” Friedman telexed .
“ I am filled with profound sadness by what I have learned in the past afternoon about my newspaper . ”
In a rage , Rosenthal ordered Friedman to return to New York immediately .
Friedman expected to be fired .
By the time he arrived for his lunch appointment , however , Rosenthal came in “ looking unhappy , glowered at Friedman and then said : ” ˜ You are receiving a $ 5,000 raise . ’
After Friedman described what had actually been taking place in Beirut , Rosenthal seemed relaxed and friendly .
However , he warned , if you ever pull a stunt like that again , you are fired ! ”
Every foreign correspondent is familiar with the pressure to avoid unpleasant truths .
To this day , Friedman often resorts to circumlocution to avoid censuring Israel — a precaution that undoubtedly has served him well in his present incumbency as a twice - weekly op - ed columnist .
According to Rosenthal ’s obituary , his father changed his name from Shipiatsky , taking an uncle ’s name , when he emigrated from Belarus to Sault Ste. Marie , Ontario , where Abraham Michael Rosenthal was born .
For a time the elder Rosenthal was a fur trapper , before moving to the New York City borough of The Bronx , where he worked as a housepainter .
Rosenthal ’s father suffered a grievous accident there and died three years later , when Abe was 12 .
Four of his five sisters died at an early age , and Abe suffered from a bone disease , osteomyelitis , that initially crippled him .
He was accepted at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota , where he spent a year in a cast , thus losing a year of school .
Eventually he was able to abandon his crutches and went on to study at what was then called the City College of New York .
At The Times his dearest friend and collaborator was Arthur Gelb , his deputy .
Rosenthal ’s first wife was Ann Marie Burke , an Irish - American .
The couple had two sons and a daughter before divorcing in 1986 .
One of their sons later became a New York Times editor , but only after his father had retired .
In 1987 Rosenthal married Times colleague Shirley Lord .
Publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. refused to waive the mandatory retirement age of 65 for Rosenthal , but did allow him to continue writing his twice - a- week column , “ On My Mind . ” ( Some Times staffers derisively referred to it as “ Out of My Mind . ” )
A few years later Sulzberger told Rosenthal that “ It was time to go . ”
Rosenthal was caught totally by surprise and , in an interview with the rival Washington Post , said so .
After cleaning out his desk , he then became a weekly columnist for The New York Daily News , a sensationalist tabloid in which Rosenthal could indulge his pro-Israel and anti-Palestinian prejudices .
He wrote for the Post for six more years before going gracefully or ungracefully into the night .
Funeral services for A.M. Rosenthal were held at the Central Synagogue in Manhattan .
Richard H. Curtiss is executive editor of the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , on Middle East Affairs .
Feedback | Link to us !
Jigsawdoku is now available as an app for iPad and Android phones and tablets .
JigSawDoku © 2020 Rachel Lee and Gideon Greenspan .
All rights reserved .
Death to User - Generated Content
Just a thought from 4 April 2006 about Blogging , Flickr , Geek , Internet , Journalism .
Dear internet ,
Can I make a suggestion ?
Let 's all stop using the phrase " user - generated content . "
I 'm serious .
It 's a despicable , terrible term .
Let 's deconstruct it .
User : One who uses .
Like , you know , a junkie .
Generated : Like a generator , engine .
Like , you know , a robot .
Content : Something that fills a box .
Like , you know , packing peanuts .
So what 's user - generated content ?
Junkies robotically filling boxes with packing peanuts .
Lovely .
Calling the beautiful , amazing , brilliant things people create online " user - generated content " is like sliding up to your lady , putting your arm around her and whispering , " Hey baby , let 's have intercourse . "
They 're words that creepy marketeers use .
They imply something to be commodified , harvested , taken advantage of .
They 're words I used to hear a lot while doing community consulting , and always by people who wanted to make , or save , a buck .
Think about the rest of the world .
Writers produce stories or articles .
Authors write fiction or memoir .
These are words infused with meaning and romance .
Can you imagine a writer saying " I am a content provider " when asked what they do ?
Lately the notion that the web is about " user - generated content " has been getting more traction .
With the success of MySpace and Flickr , pundits are looking for a trend .
And they 've found one in this hateful phrase .
But " user - generated content " is nothing new online .
In fact , it 's what the network was designed for .
So let 's not give in to the buzzphrase du jour .
Let 's use the real words .
Those people posting to Amazon pages ?
They 're writing reviews .
Those folks on Flickr ?
They 're making photographs .
And if we must have an umbrella term to describe the whole shebang , I have a suggestion .
Try this on for size : Authentic Media .
Authentic media comes to you unfiltered by the global brands and conglomerates that have taken over the mainstream media .
Authentic media is the raw , first - person narrative you can find on blogs and homepages .
Authentic media is what happens when the mediators get out of the way and give the mic over to the people who actually have something to say .
The best part about this phrase ?
It paints the rest of the mediascape as inauthentic .
I can live with that .
I decided this weekend to try and quieten my PC by following some other members lead and going down the water cooling road .
The fans on my PC were really starting to drive me madThe first thing that I did was to remove all the fans .
The one on the processor and graphics card were no problem but the one in the power unit was a bugger to get out .
The most difficult part was sealing all the ventilitation openings in the PC case with silicon .
I also put silicon all around the joints on the PC case .
The smell of silicon was dreadful but when my wife complained I told her to be patent as it will be worth it when we have a completely silent PC .
Because I had completely sealed the PC case the only opening near top was the DVD drive .
So I opened that and put the small hose I had purchased specially for the job into the DVD drive as far as it would go .
With what I can only describe as great excitement and anticipation , I turned on the water .
It really is amazing just how long it took before the case was complete full , and boy was it heavy .
That did n't really bother me as I did n't intend to be moving the PC anyway .
The big moment had arrived so I called in my wife and mother in law ( who was visiting ) and I announced " prepare to hear nothing ! " and flicked the switch on the socket on the wall .
Before I could even press the power button on front of the PC , with a loud bang , the whole place was plunged into darknessI knew that it was only the tripswitch so I told my onlookers not to panic and I ran out to the hall to turn the trip switch back on .
But can u believe it , it would n't stay on .
After five attempts I decided to try unplugging the PC and would you believe ... yes the trip switch stayed on .
My conclusion : the PC must have in some way been causing the problem .
After about an hour of tries I finally decided to abandon the whole idea of water cooling and emptied the water out of the PC , put back in the fans ( except the fan in the power unit , I had broken that one getting it out ) and tried the pc AGAIN .
IT STILL CAUSED THE TRIP SWTICH TO BLOW !
My PC is completely shagged thanks to stupid suggestions that I got on this forum .
What the hell am I going to do now .
I spent two hours last night with a hair drier inside the PC case and it still trips the switch .
Any suggestions greatly appreciatedConor
These are the first suicides at the base , despite dozens of attempts
The camp commander said the two Saudis and a Yemeni were " committed " and had killed themselves in " an act of asymmetric warfare waged against us " .
Lawyers said the men who hanged themselves had been driven by despair .
A military investigation into the deaths is now under way , amid growing calls for the detention centre to be moved or closed .
Walter
White , an international lawyer who specialises in human rights , told the BBC the Guantanamo camp was likely to be considered a " great stain " on the human rights record of the US .
There have been dozens of suicide attempts since the camp was set up four years ago - but none successful until now .
The men were found unresponsive and not breathing by guards on Saturday morning , said officials .
They were in separate cells in Camp One , the highest security section of the prison .
I believe this was not an act of desperation , but an act of warfare waged against us
Rear Adm Harry Harris
Camp commander
They hanged themselves with clothing and bed sheets , camp commander Rear Adm Harry Harris said .
He said medical teams had tried to revive the men , but all three were pronounced dead .
' Creative '
Rear Adm Harris said he did not believe the men had killed themselves out of despair .
" They are smart .
They are creative , they are committed , " he said .
" They have no regard for life , either ours or their own .
I believe this was not an act of desperation , but an act of asymmetrical warfare waged against us . "
If it 's perfectly legal and there 's nothing going wrong there - well , why do n't they have it in America ?
Harriet Harman
UK Constitutional Affairs Minister
All three men had previously taken part in some of the mass on - and - off hunger strikes undertaken by detainees since last August , and all three had been force - fed by camp authorities .
They had left suicide notes , but no details have been made available .
The US military said the men's bodies were being treated " with the utmost respect " .
White House spokesman Tony Snow said Mr Bush had " expressed serious concern " at the deaths .
" He also stressed that it was important to treat the bodies humanely and with cultural sensitivity , " he said .
A spokesman for UK Prime Minister Tony Blair described the suicide as a " sad incident " .
' Heroes '
UK Constitutional Affairs Minister Harriet Harman told the BBC on Sunday the camp should be moved to the US or shut down .
" If it 's perfectly legal and there 's nothing going wrong there - well , why do n't they have it in America and then the American court system can supervise it ? " she said .
HAVE YOUR SAY
We are losing credibility with our friends and allies
Jim , Pinehurst , USA
Send us your comments
William Goodman from the New York - based Center for Constitutional Rights told AFP news agency the three dead men were " heroes for those of us who believe in basic American values of justice , fairness and democracy " .
Mr Goodman , whose organisation represents some 300 detainees , said the government had denied them that .
Ken Roth , head of Human Rights Watch in New York , told the BBC the men had probably been driven by despair .
" These people are despairing because they are being held lawlessly , " he said .
" There 's no end in sight .
They 're not being brought before any independent judges .
They 're not being charged and convicted for any crime . "
On Friday , Mr Bush said he would " like to end Guantanamo " , adding he believed the inmates " ought to be tried in courts here in the United States " .
Despite his recent hints that he might return for another Tour de France , Lance Armstrong , its seven - time champion , said yesterday that the firestorm over allegations that he used performance - enhancing drugs has prompted him to rule out a comeback .
" There is no way I could go to France and get a fair shake on the roads , in doping control or in the labs , " Armstrong said on a conference call from his home in Austin , Tex .
" There 's no way I could go back there .
I would be crazy . "
Armstrong 's comments were made amid a new round of bickering over allegations raised by the French newspaper L'Equipe last month .
The paper reported that a French lab had found the blood - boosting drug EPO in six of Armstrong 's 1999 urine samples that had been saved , frozen and recently tested for a research project .
Even though the samples were anonymous , the article 's author said he had paperwork that linked the coded samples with Armstrong .
A few weeks ago , after L'Equipe 's article appeared , Armstrong said he was considering a comeback because he thought it was the best way to anger the French .
He has since reconsidered .
WASHINGTON , Jan. 29 — President Bush has signed a directive that gives the White House much greater control over the rules and policy statements that the government develops to protect public health , safety , the environment , civil rights and privacy .
In an executive order published last week in the Federal Register , Mr. Bush said that each agency must have a regulatory policy office run by a political appointee , to supervise the development of rules and documents providing guidance to regulated industries .
The White House will thus have a gatekeeper in each agency to analyze the costs and the benefits of new rules and to make sure the agencies carry out the president ’s priorities .
This strengthens the hand of the White House in shaping rules that have , in the past , often been generated by civil servants and scientific experts .
It suggests that the administration still has ways to exert its power after the takeover of Congress by the Democrats .
The White House said the executive order was not meant to rein in any one agency .
But business executives and consumer advocates said the administration was particularly concerned about rules and guidance issued by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration .
The purpose of cyber1.org is to create a community - a living archive - on our system , cyber1 .
The goals of this community are :
to preserve a sense of the community that permeated PLATO , CYBIS , and NovaNET ,
to capture information about the development of this amazing piece of software history before the people who created it are gone ,
to heal and bring together a community that over the years has become fractured ,
to have fun .
Some ways for a typical user to accomplish the above goals are the following :
Become proficient with and use the system communication tools : notes , pnotes , notesfiles , and term - talking .
Browse through the notesfiles on a regular basis , and get involved in discussions .
If there are 30 of us , and every user writes a note or two per day , pretty soon we 'll have quite a cool little community .
If you are an old PLATO / CYBIS / NovaNET programmer or courseware developer , you hold a special place on cyber1 .
Please contribute to chronicle .
Chronicle is a notesfile where each base note corresponds to a lesson .
If you were the author of , or associated with , a certain file or group of files , e.g. 0 mcalc11 , notes , or empire , start a note that records any information , stories , problems , etc. that were associated with the development of that little piece of history .
Do n't worry if it is boring .
Entertainment is not the primary purpose of this notesfile .
History is full of records that were thought boring or mundane by those doing the recording .
Because the goal is to create the community on the system itself , this website , www.cyber1.org, will remain small and simple .
Games in Germany already face strict censorship laws -- titles such as Gears of War are deemed to be too violent , and the German board of classification ( the Unterhaltungssoftware Selbskontrolle ) refuses to give them a rating , effectively meaning that the games can be sold only at adults - only retailers .
Nazi symbols are also banned in the country , except for art and educational purposes -- so games which use them , including the Wolfenstein series , are also banned from being released in Germany .
Even games such as Dead Rising are regarded as crossing a threshold of acceptability since violence towards zombies is considered to be too close to violence towards real people .
Legislation currently being drafted would take these standards a step further .
The bill , which was introduced last week by the states of Bavaria and Lower Saxony , proposes a new offence .
Those found guilty of " cruel violence on humans or human - looking characters " could face fines or jail time of up to 12 months -- and those it applies to include developers , retailers , and consumers , reports UK newspaper The Guardian .
The proposed legislation comes on the heels of a shooting on November 20 where an 18 - year - old student went on a shooting rampage and wounded six people in his school before killing himself .
Backers of the bill also point to the 2002 Erfurt massacre where another German student shot 13 people , according to the paper .
Both incidents have been blamed in the media on violent games , and much has been written about the two shooters ' fascination with games such as Half - Life : Counter - Strike .
The proposed legislation makes the future for German game companies unclear .
One company , Far Cry and Crysis developer Crytek , has already made known its plans to relocate to another country should any legislation of this kind be made law .
Note from author Shane Ellison -
So much for " Freedom of the Press . "
Consider the email I just received from SPLENDA pusher McNeil Nutritionals : " The information about sucralose included in your article contains many inaccuracies and false information .
We ask that you immediately discontinue any further dissemination of these false and damaging statements .
If you fail to take these actions promptly , we will consider the need for further legal action . "
Of course , they offered no data to support their assertion that my writing was " false . "
To make it easier to disseminate my Life Saving Health Brief regarding Splenda , I 've included it one more time here in this email .
Please disseminate to loved ones .
Artificial Sweetener Explodes Internally - Avoid it in 2007 By Shane Ellison , M.Sc. Copyright 2006 © www.healthmyths.net NewsWithViews.com 1-11 -7
If there were a contest for the best example of total disregard for human life the victor would be McNeil Nutritionals - makers of Splenda TM .
Manufacturers of Vioxx TM and Lipitor TM would tie for a very distant second .
McNeil Nutritionals is the undisputed drug- pushing champion for disguising their drug Splenda TM as a sweetener .
Regardless of its drug qualities and potential for side - effects , McNeil is dead set on putting it on every kitchen table in America .
Apparently , Vioxx TM and Lipitor TM makers can't stoop so low as to deceptively masquerade their drug as a candy of sort .
There is no question that their products are drugs and by definition come with negative side - effects .
Rather than sell directly to the consumer , these losers have to go through the painful process of using doctors to prescribe their dangerous goods .
A keen student in corporate drug dealing , McNeil learned from aspartame and saccharine pushers that if a drug tastes sweet then let the masses eat it in their cake .
First though , you have to create a facade of natural health .
They did this using a cute trade name that kind of sounds like splendid and packaged it in pretty colors .
Hypnotized , the masses were duped instantly .
As unquestionably as a dog humps your leg , millions of diabetics ( and non-diabetics ) blindly eat sucralose under the trade name Splenda TM in place of real sugar ( sucrose ) .
Splenda TM was strategically released on April fools day in 1998 .
This day is reserved worldwide for hoaxes and practical jokes on friends and family , the aim of which is to embarrass the gullible .
McNeil certainly succeeded .
The splendid Splenda TM hoax is costing gullible Americans $ 187 million annually .
( 1 ) While many people " wonder " about the safety of Splenda TM they rarely question it .
Despite its many " unknowns " and inherent dangers , Splenda TM demand has grown faster than its supply .
No longer do I have to question my faith in fellow Man .
He is not a total idiot , just a gullible one .
McNeil jokesters are laughing all the way to the bank .
Splenda is not as harmless as McNeil wants you to believe .
A mixture of sucralose , maltodextrine and dextrose ( a detrimental simple sugar ) , each of the not - so - splendid Splenda TM ingredients has downfalls .
Aside from the fact that it really is n't " sugar and calorie free , " here is one big reason to avoid the deceitful mix ... Think April fools day : Splenda TM contains a potential poison Splenda TM contains the drug sucralose .
This chemical is 600 times sweeter than sugar .
To make sucralose , chlorine is used .
Chlorine has a split personality .
It can be harmless or it can be life threatening .
In combo with sodium , chlorine forms a harmless " ionic bond " to yield table salt .
Sucralose makers often highlight this worthless fact to defend its ' safety .
Apparently , they missed the second day of Chemistry 101 - the day they teach " covalent " bonds .
When used with carbon , the chlorine atom in sucralose forms a " covalent " bond .
The end result is the historically deadly " organochlorine " or simply : a Really - Nasty Form of Chlorine ( RNFOC ) .
Unlike ionic bonds , covalently bound chlorines are a big no - no for the human body .
They yield insecticides , pesticides , and herbicides - not something you want in the lunch box of your precious child .
It 's therefore no surprise that the originators of sucralose , chemists Hough and Phadnis , were attempting to design new insecticides when they discovered it !
It was n't until the young Phadnis accidentally tasted his new " insecticide " that he learned it was sweet .
And because sugars are more profitable than insecticides , the whole insecticide idea got canned and a new sweetener called Splenda TM got packaged .
To hide its origin , Splenda TM pushers assert that sucralose is " made from sugar so it tastes like sugar . "
Sucralose is as close to sugar as Windex TM is to ocean water .
The RNFOC poses a real and present danger to all Splenda TM users .
It is risky because the RNFOC confers a molecule with a set of super powers that wreak havoc on the human body .
For example , Agent Orange , used in the U.S Army 's herbicidal warfare program , is a RNFOC .
Exposure can lead to Hodgkin 's lymphoma and non-Hodgkins lymphoma as well as diabetes and various forms of cancer !
Other shocking examples are the war gas phosgene , chlordane and lindane .
( 2 ) The RNFOC is lethal because it allows poisons to be fat soluble while rendering the natural defense mechanisms of the body helpless .
A poison that is fat soluble is akin to a bomb exploding internally .
It invades every nook and cranny of the body .
Cell walls and DNA - the genetic map of human life - become nothing more than potential casualties of war when exposed .
Sucralose is only 25 % water soluble .
( 3 ) Which means a vast majority of it may explode internally .
In general , this results in weakened immune function , irregular heart beat , agitation , shortness of breath , skin rashes , headaches , liver and kidney damage , birth defects , cancer , cancer and more cancer - for generations !
( 1 ) McNeil asserts that their studies prove it to be safe for everyone , even children .
That 's little assurance .
Learning from the Vioxx TM debacle ( and many others highlighted in my book Health Myths Exposed ) which killed tens of thousands , we know that studies can be bought and results fabricated .
Some things are worth dying for .
Splenda is not one of them .
What people think of as a food is a drug or slow poison - little distinction there .
It would n't be wise to bet your health on it .
If safe , sucralose would be the first molecule in human history that contained a RNFOC fit for human consumption .
This fact alone makes sucralose questionable for use as a sweetener , if not instantly detrimental to our health .
Only time will tell .
Until then ,
Ill stick to the safe and naturally occurring stevia plant to satisfy my occasional sweet tooth in 2007 .
Be forewarned though , as long as drugs can be legally disguised as sweeteners , watch out for drugs being disguised as vitamins ...
Oh wait , they are already doing that - think Lipitor .
About the Author Shane Ellison holds a master 's degree in organic chemistry and has first - hand experience in drug design .
After abandoning his career as a medical chemist , he dedicated himself to stopping prescription - drug hype .
He is an internationally recognized authority on therapeutic nutrition and author of Health Myths Exposed , The Hidden Truth about Cholesterol - Lowering Drugs and The AM - PM Fat Loss Discovery .
His books and FREE Life Saving Health Briefs can be found at www.healthmyths.net.
References 1 . Joseph Mercola , Kendra Pearsall .
Sweet Deception .
Nelson Books .
ISBN : 0785221794 .
Copyright 2006 .
2 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agent_orange
3 . Caroline W. Sham .
Splenda - A Safe and Sweet Alternative to Sugar . Nutrition Bytes. 2005 .
Vol. 10 . Issue 2 . Article 5 .
Rebuffing aggressive overtures from Microsoft , Time Warner has agreed to sell a 5 percent stake in America Online to Google for $ 1 billion as part of an expanded partnership between AOL , once the dominant company on the Internet , and Google , the current online king .
While the deal terms are largely set , it will not be final until it is ratified by the Time Warner board on Tuesday , according to an executive who was briefed on the negotiations .
The executive said negotiations between the three companies reached a fevered pitch on Thursday night when teams from Google and Microsoft were in separate rooms of the Time Warner Center in Manhattan and executives from the media company walked back and forth between them .
Finally , around 9 p.m. , Richard D. Parsons , chief executive of Time Warner told Eric E. Schmidt , chief executive of Google , that he would accept Google 's recently sweetened offer .
Google , which prides itself on the purity of its search results , agreed to give favored placement to content from AOL throughout its site , something it has never done before .
Banknotes crumble shortly after withdrawal from cash machines
Sulphates used in the production of the drug could form sulphuric acid when mixed with human sweat , they say , causing banknotes to corrode .
Drug users sniff powdered crystals through rolled up banknotes .
About 1,500 banknotes have crumbled after being withdrawn from cash machines , German banking officials say .
Much of Germany 's supply of crystal methamphetamine is believed to come from eastern Europe , and has a high concentration of sulphates .
Its corrosive effects are also spread between contaminated notes and clean notes in wallets and purses .
The Bundesbank announced in early November that reports of bank notes worth between five euros and 100 euros disintegrating began to be received in the summer .
A 2003 report by the Institute for Biomedical and Pharmaceutical Research in Nuremberg found that 90 % of German euros were contaminated with cocaine .
Yogi Berra said once , " When you come to a fork in the road , take it . "
It 's funny , until someone actually takes that advice literally and tries to go down two conflicting roads at once .
For example , take SCO 's Reply to Novell 's Counterclaims .
In paragraph 50 , SCO tells the court this : Admits that SCO , through its SCOsource division , entered into agreements related to UNIX and UnixWare with Sun Microsystems , Inc. , and Microsoft Corporation ( in that order ) and that the Microsoft agreement covered UNIX compatibility products ; but denies each and every other allegation of ¶ 50 , including the allegation that the Sun and Microsoft agreements were part of the SCOsource licensing program .
Say , what ?
Now , I hate to embarrass anybody , but love for truth compels me to point out that SCO said something that sounded very much like the Sun and Microsoft agreements were indeed SCOsource licenses in a 10Q filed for the quarterly period ended April 30 , 2003 .
Now , knowing as I do that there are laws about telling the truth to the SEC and that when you go to court you are supposed to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God , I 'm puzzled as to how SCO will explain what seems to be a direct contradiction .
Here 's what SCO filed with the SEC for the quarter ending April 20 , 2003 : Recent Developments During recent quarters , we have experienced a decline in our product and services revenue primarily attributed to the worldwide economic slowdown , lower information technology spending and increased competition in the operating system market .
However , we have implemented cost reduction measures to decrease personnel and excess facilities and have significantly reduced our overall operating expenses .
These measures , combined with the revenue from our SCOsource licensing initiative , have resulted in the first profitable quarter in our history .
Over 95 percent of our revenue has been derived from UNIX related products and services .
During the quarter ended April 30 , 2003 , we recognized $ 8,250,000 , or 39 percent of our quarterly revenue , from our intellectual property licensing initiative , SCOsource , launched in January 2003 .
One of the assets we acquired from Tarantella was the intellectual property rights to UNIX .
These rights had initially been developed by AT&T Bell Labs and over 30,000 licensing and sublicensing agreements have been entered into with approximately 6,000 entities .
These licenses led to the development of several proprietary UNIX - based operating systems , including our own SCO UnixWare and SCO OpenServer , Suns Solaris , IBMs AIX , SGIs IRIX , HPs UX , Fujitsus ICL DRS / NX , Siemens  SINIX , Data Generals DG - UX , and Sequents DYNIX / Ptx .
We believe these operating systems are all derivatives of the original UNIX source code owned by us .
We initiated the SCOsource effort to review the status of these licensing and sublicensing agreements and to identify others in the industry that may be currently using our intellectual property without obtaining the necessary licenses .
This effort resulted in the execution of two license agreements during the April 30 , 2003 quarter .
The first of these licenses was with a long - time licensee of the UNIX source code which is a major participant in the UNIX industry and was a clean - up license to cover items that were outside the scope of the initial license .
The second license was to Microsoft Corporation (  Microsoft ) , and covers Microsofts UNIX compatibility products , subject to certain specified limitations .
These license agreements will be typical of those we expect to enter into with developers , manufacturers , and distributors of operating systems in that they are non-exclusive , perpetual , royalty - free , paid up licenses to utilize the UNIX source code , including the right to sublicense that code .
The amount that we receive from any such licensee will generally depend on the license rights that the licensee previously held and the amount and level of our intellectual property the licensee desires to license .
The two licensing agreements signed by us to date resulted in revenue of $ 8,250,000 during the April 30 , 2003 quarter and provide for an aggregate of an additional $ 5,000,000 to be paid to us over the next three quarters .
These contracts do not provide for any payments beyond 2003 , except that Microsoft was granted the option to acquire expanded licensing rights , at its election , that would result in additional payments to us if exercised .
In connection with the execution of the first license agreement , we granted a warrant to the licensee to purchase up to 210,000 shares of our common stock , for a period of five years , at a price of $ 1.83 per share .
This warrant has been valued , using the Black - Scholes valuation method , at $ 500,000 .
Because the warrant was issued for no consideration , $ 500,000 of the license proceeds have been recorded as warrant outstanding and the license revenue reduced accordingly .
During the course of the review of our intellectual property rights , we became concerned generally about the existence of UNIX source code in the Linux operating system .
We have discovered that UNIX source code and unauthorized derivatives of UNIX source code are prevalent in the Linux kernel .
In March 2003 , we filed a complaint against IBM alleging , in part , that it had breached its license agreement with us by , among other things , inappropriately contributing UNIX source code to the open source community and seeking to use its knowledge and methods with respect to UNIX source code and derivative works and modifications licensed to it to destroy the value of the UNIX operating system in favor of promoting the adoption by businesses of the Linux operating system , of which it has been a major backer .
Unless IBM cures the breaches we have identified , we will terminate the license agreement we have with it that permitted the use of our UNIX source code in the development of its AIX operating system .
In May , 2003 , we sent letters to approximately 1,500 large corporations notifying them that the use of the Linux operating system may be a violation of our intellectual property rights .
The success of our SCOsource licensing initiative , at least initially , will depend to a great extent on the perceived strength of our intellectual property and contractual claims and our willingness to enforce our rights .
Many , particularly those in the open source community , dispute the allegations of infringement that we have made .
While our SCOsource initiative has already resulted in significant revenue during the April 30 , 2003 quarter and we continue negotiations with other industry participants that we believe will lead to additional contracts , as a result of the factors outlined above , we are unable to predict the level or timing of future revenue from this source , if any .
THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30 , 2003 AND 2002 Revenue Revenue was $ 21,369,000 for the second quarter of fiscal year 2003 , and $ 15,476,000 for the second quarter of fiscal year 2002 , representing an increase of $ 5,893,000 , or 38 percent .
This increase was attributable to $ 8,250,000 in licensing revenue , which we generated for the first time , offset by a decline in product revenue of $ 1,484,000 and a decline in services revenue of $ 873,000 .
Revenue was $ 34,909,000 for the first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 , and $ 33,389,000 for the first two quarters of fiscal year 2002 , representing an increase of $ 1,520,000 , or 5 percent .
This increase was attributable to $ 8,250,000 in licensing revenue , offset by a decline in product revenue of $ 5,300,000 and a decline in services revenue of $ 1,430,000 .
As discussed above in Recent Developments , we are unable to predict the level of licensing revenue we may recognize in future periods .
During the first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 , our product and service revenue continues to be adversely impacted by the continuing worldwide economic slowdown and from the related decrease in information technology spending , as well as from increased competition from other operating system products .
Excluding licensing revenue from SCOsource , revenue from international customers accounted for 48 percent of operating system platform revenue for the second quarter of fiscal year 2003 and 50 percent for the second quarter of fiscal year 2002 , and revenue from international customers accounted for 47 percent of operating system platform revenue for the first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 and 50 percent for the first two quarters of fiscal year 2002 .
The decrease in international revenue for the second quarter and first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 compared to the second quarter and first two quarters of fiscal year 2002 is primarily attributable to decreased revenue in our Europe , Middle East and Africa ( EMEA  ) region .
Products .
Products revenue was $ 11,122,000 for the second quarter of fiscal year 2003 and $ 12,606,000 for the second quarter of fiscal year 2002 , representing a decrease of $ 1,484,000 , or 12 percent , and representing a slight increase in products revenue from our first quarter of fiscal year 2003 .
Products revenue was $ 22,212,000 for the first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 and $ 27,512,000 for the first two quarters of fiscal year 2002 , representing a decrease of $ 5,300,000 , or 19 percent .
The decrease in products revenue during the second quarter of fiscal year 2003 from the second quarter of fiscal year 2002 as well as during the first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 from the first two quarters of fiscal year 2002 was attributable to decreased sales of OpenServer and UnixWare products primarily resulting from a decrease in information technology spending caused by the worldwide economic slowdown .
This impact was largely felt in our distribution channel in the Americas and Europe .
Our UNIX - based products revenue has also declined due to increased competition in the operating system market from other software offerings .
OpenServer and UnixWare products are the largest components of the Companys products revenue .
For the second quarter of fiscal year 2003 , OpenServer revenue was $ 5,750,000 , or 52 percent of total products revenue and UnixWare revenue was $ 3,017,000 , or 27 percent of total products revenue .
For the first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 , OpenServer revenue was $ 10,491,000 , or 47 percent of total products revenue and UnixWare revenue was $ 7,181,000 , or 32 percent of total products revenue .
Licensing .
Licensing revenue was $ 8,250,000 for the second quarter and first two quarters of fiscal year 2003 as compared to no revenue for the second quarter and first two quarters of fiscal year 2002 .
This revenue is the result of our intellectual property licensing program , SCOsource , launched in January 2003 .
We initiated SCOsource for the purpose of protecting the significant intellectual property rights we own surrounding the UNIX source code .
The licensing revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year 2003 represents a portion of the fees associated with two licenses executed during the quarter .
Under the terms of one of these agreements , we will receive an additional $ 5,000,000 over the next three quarters .
The agreements also grant the right to one of the licensees to acquire an expanded license upon the payment of additional fees .
We are in discussions with additional potential licensees , but are unable to predict the amount or timing of the revenue we might expect from this source in future periods .
. . .
Our SCOsource licensing revenue to date has been generated from license agreements that are non-exclusive , perpetual , royalty - free , paid up licenses to utilize our UNIX source code , including the right to sublicense .
We recognize revenue from licensing agreements when a signed contract exists , the fee is fixed and determinable , collection of the receivable is probable and delivery has occurred .
If the payment terms extend beyond our normal payment terms , then revenue is recognized as cash is received ....
Our future SCOsource licensing revenue is uncertain .
We initiated the SCOsource licensing effort in January 2003 to review the status of UNIX licensing and sublicensing agreements and to identify others in the industry that may be currently using our intellectual property without obtaining the necessary licenses .
This effort resulted in the execution of two license agreements during the April 30 , 2003 quarter .
These two license agreements will be typical of those we expect to enter into with developers , manufacturers , and distributors of operating systems in that they are non-exclusive , perpetual , royalty - free , paid up licenses to utilize the UNIX source code , including the right to sublicense that code .
Due to a lack of historical experience and the uncertainties related to SCOsource licensing revenue , we are unable to estimate the amount and timing of future licensing revenue , if any .
If we do receive revenue from this source , it may be sporadic and fluctuate from quarter to quarter .
SCOsource licensing revenue is unlikely to produce stable , predictable revenue for the foreseeable future .
Well .
If what SCO is telling the court now is true , I certainly hope that no one bought any stock from SCO Group under the false impression that Microsoft and Sun Microsystems executed two SCOsource licensing agreements during the April 30 , 2003 quarter .
Unless
I do n't understand what I 'm reading , which is always possible , I suppose , I got the distinct impression that the SEC filing says those two licenses were SCOsource licenses .
Now , I 'm no lawyer and surely no expert on SEC filings , but I can read .
Perhaps SCO needs to file an amended April 30 , 2003 filing ?
How does that work ?
But , if they wish to start correcting , I think they might need to fix this 10 - K for the fiscal year ended October 31 , 2003 too : SCOsource Business Background
We acquired our rights relating to the UNIX source code and derivative works and other intellectual property rights when we purchased substantially all of the assets and operations of the server and professional services groups of The Santa Cruz Operation , Inc. in May 2001 .
The Santa Cruz Operation ( now known as Tarantella , Inc. ) had previously acquired such UNIX source code and other intellectual property rights from Novell in September 1995 , which were initially developed by AT&T Bell Labs .
Through this process , we acquired all UNIX source code , source code license agreements with thousands of UNIX vendors , all UNIX copyrights , all claims for violation of the above mentioned UNIX licenses and copyrights and other claims , and the control over UNIX derivative works .
The UNIX licenses we obtained have led to the development of several proprietary UNIX - based operating systems , including but not limited to our own UnixWare and OpenServer products , Sun's Solaris , IBM's AIX , SGI 's IRIX , Hewlett - Packard 's UX , Fujitsu's ICL DRS / NX , Siemens ' SINIX , Data General 's DG - UX , and Sequent 's DYNIX / Ptx .
These operating systems are all derivatives of the original UNIX source code owned by us .
The success of our SCOsource business depends on our ability to protect our proprietary UNIX source code as well as our copyrights and other intellectual property rights .
To protect our proprietary rights , we rely primarily on a combination of copyright laws , contractual rights and a detailed legal strategy .
We have dedicated internal personnel and other resources to our SCOsource business and intend to dedicate additional SCOsource sales personnel in fiscal year 2004 .
In January 2003 , we commenced our first SCOsource initiative in which , as described in more detail below , we began reviewing the status of our existing UNIX license agreements with UNIX vendors and to identify those in the software industry that may be using our intellectual property without obtaining the necessary licenses .
As part of this process , we became aware that parts of our proprietary UNIX source code and derivative works have been included in the Linux operating system without attribution or our authorization in violation of our intellectual property rights .
To respond to this concern , we have instigated additional SCOsource initiatives related to end users of Linux , which are described in more detail below .
Additionally , we filed a complaint against IBM in March 2003 alleging that IBM breached its license agreement with us related to its efforts to promote and support the Linux operating system .
We describe our legal action against IBM in more detail below under Part I , Item 3 of this Form 10 - K. SCOsource Initiatives Reviewing and Evaluating Existing UNIX Licenses .
As mentioned above , in January 2003 , we began reviewing the status of our existing UNIX license agreements with UNIX vendors .
This review is continuing and we will continue to expand our efforts in fiscal year 2004 .
During fiscal year 2003 , we entered into two significant license agreements .
The first of these licenses was with Sun , a long - time UNIX licensee and a major participant in the UNIX industry .
The second license was to Microsoft and covers Microsoft 's UNIX compatible products , subject to certain specified limitations .
The Sun and Microsoft license agreements accounted for $ 25,846,000 of our revenue in fiscal 2003 , representing approximately 33 percent of our total revenue for such period .
Warning Letters to Linux End Users .
In response to our belief that parts of our UNIX source code and derivative works have been inappropriately included in the Linux operating system , in May 2003 , we sent letters to approximately 1,500 large corporations notifying them that using the Linux operating system may violate our asserted intellectual property rights .
Subsequently , we began contacting Linux end users about their use of Linux , and in December 2003 , we began sending additional letters to selected Fortune 1000 Linux end users specifically asserting that using the Linux operating system in a commercial setting violates our rights under the United States Copyright Act , including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , because certain copyrighted application binary interfaces , or " ABI Code , " have been copied from our copyrighted UNIX code base and derivative works and contributed to Linux without proper authorization and without copyright attribution .
In the letter we also warned Linux end users that we intend to take appropriate actions to protect our rights and that they may not use our copyrighted code except as authorized by us .
Linux End User Intellectual Property ( " IP " ) License Initiative .
In August 2003 , we first offered to Linux end users our IP license in the United States and recently began offering the license in countries outside the United States .
The license permits the use of our intellectual property , in binary form only , as contained in the Linux operating system .
By purchasing the license , customers will properly compensate us for our UNIX intellectual property as currently found in Linux .
Requiring UNIX Licensees to Certify Full Compliance with License Agreements .
Beginning in December 2003 , we began delivering written notice to a large number of our UNIX licensees that they must certify in writing to us that they are in full compliance with their license agreements , including certification that they are not using our proprietary UNIX code and derivative works in Linux , have not allowed unauthorized use of our licensed UNIX by their employees or contractors and have not breached confidentiality provisions relating to licensed UNIX code .
Intellectual Property Protection Generally Our SCOsource initiatives rely primarily on a combination of contract rights , copyright laws and a detailed legal strategy .
We also require that our employees and consultants sign confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements .
We also regulate access to , and distribution of , our documentation and other proprietary information .
We cannot guarantee the success of our SCOsource initiatives and other efforts to protect our intellectual property rights , but we will continue to seek to enforce and pursue these rights through public awareness and the legal system , if necessary .
Additionally , we cannot be certain that we will succeed in preventing the future misappropriation of our copyrights or that we will be able to prevent the unauthorized use of our technology in the future .
Current Status and Strategy
In fiscal 2004 , we will continue to pursue our SCOsource initiatives .
We will continue to review and evaluate our UNIX license agreements and pursue large vendor contracts similar to those completed in fiscal year 2003 with Sun and Microsoft .
Additionally , we will further pursue our SCOsource IP license initiative with end users of Linux .
To accomplish this objective , we plan to increase our SCOsource sales team in fiscal year 2004 , and may also make the SCOsource IP license available through select SCO resellers .
... Risk Factors
We do not have a history of profitable operations .
Our fiscal year ended October 31 , 2003 was the first full year we were profitable in our operating history .
Our profitability in fiscal year 2003 resulted primarily from our SCOsource licensing initiative .
If we do not receive SCOsource licensing revenue in future quarters and our revenue from the sale of our operating system platform products and services continues to decline , we will need to further reduce operating expenses to maintain profitability or generate positive cash flow .
...
Our future SCOsource licensing revenue is uncertain .
We initiated the SCOsource licensing effort in January 2003 to review the status of UNIX licensing and sublicensing agreements .
This effort resulted in the execution of two significant vendor license agreements during fiscal year 2003 and generated $ 25,846,000 in revenue .
Due to a lack of historical experience and the uncertainties related to SCOsource licensing revenue , we are unable to estimate the amount and timing of future SCOsource licensing revenue , if any .
So , if the Sun and Microsoft licenses were not SCOsource licenses , they certainly fooled me .
Not only did the SEC filings give me the impression those two licenses were SCOsource licenses , my memory was that this is what SCO executives told us at the time that they were .
So I started out searching Groklaw 's Quote Database , using the keyword SCOsource , and this is what I found : Darl McBride , quoted in eWeek February 26 , 2003 : McBride said SCO expected revenue for the second quarter , ending April 30 , 2003 , to be in the range of $ 23 million to $ 25 million .
That forecast was based on anticipated revenue from its current operating platforms of $ 13 million to $ 15 million , and from $ 10 million in revenue from its SCOsource licensing initiative .
Darl McBride and Robert Bench , May 28 , 2003 2003 Q2 earnings conference call : McBride : OK , so let 's go ahead and dive into it .
As we announced today , for the second quarter of fiscal 2003 ended April 30th , The SCO group reported net income of 4.5 million , or 33 cents per diluted share , on revenue of 21.4 million , compared to a net loss of 6.6 million , or 47 cents per diluted share , on revenue of 15.5 million for the comparable quarter of the prior year .
The company reported a net loss of 724,000 , or 6 cents per diluted share , on revenue of 13.5 million for the first fiscal quarter of 2003 .
Revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2003 from the company 's Operating System platforms was 13.1 million , and revenue from its ... from our SCOsource licensing initiative was 8.3 million .
During the quarter ended April 30th , 2003 the first two licensing agreements relating to our SCOsource initiative , our division for the licensing and protecting the company 's Unix intellectual property , derived the company of 8.8 million in cash and added 6.1 million to gross margin .
We have over six thousand source code licensees of our Unix Operating System , and we believe the SCOsource initiative will continue to gain momentum as we pursue enforcement of the company 's intellectual property rights .
...
Bench :
This past quarter marked the completion of our consolidation and restructure of the company 's worldwide operations .
With thirteen offices and sales activities in 82 countries , our ability to support large and small customers is unequaled for a company our size .
We continue to expand our support and product offerings to more than 11 thousand solution provider partners who serve small businesses .
Of the 21.4 million in revenue , 61 percent or 13.1 million , was related to our core Unix operating system platforms , of which 11.1 million was products , and 2 million was services .
39 percent , or 8.3 million , of revenues was generated through the SCOsource initiative ....
McBride :
Now let 's shift gears and talk about the SCOsource part of the business .
Two quarters ago when we did our conference call we had , I believe seven people on the call .
They just told me now that we have two hundred and forty - four on the call today .
My guess is that a number of you tuned it today to hear a number of things we 're gonna talk about now of respect to this new licensing division that we created during the second quarter .
SCOsource is set up to go out and take our Unix source code , continue to move it forward , continue to propagate it and to protect the property rights that we have there .
As we said earlier , we have six thousand licensees of our Unix source - code .
During the second quarter we had two big deals that we signed .
The two large companies -- one is unnamed at this point based on contractual obligations that we have .
I was n't sure if we were going to be talking about that today or not , but as it stands contractually we will not be talking about that on this call .
The second licensee is the Microsoft Corporation .
We announced that deal last week .
In that announcement we essentially said that Microsoft has licensed the Unix source code to ensure compatibility for Windows and Unix customers .
The Unix source code license will help with Microsoft 's product called Services for Unix .
And Microsoft reinforced in their statements that they value the intellectual property that we hold and the source - code license that they took will help them , as they move forward , with integrating the Unix products into Windows .
... Operator : Moving on we 'll take our next question from Robert Mina ( sp ? ? ) of Copper Beech Capital .
Mina : Yes , Thank You .
Can you please comment on the visibility of SCOsource revenue stream ?
How long can we anticipate that to be a contribution to revenue based on the two contracts you 've signed ?
And can you tell us updates on any other contracts that you are in negotiation with right now .
Thank you .
McBride : Sure . Great Question .
We started this initiative just this last quarter .
As we now sum here , we had 8.2 million of revenue that showed up , and as we said for the coming quarter we see SCOsource contributions being roughly a third .
And so far we have only signed two contacts .
We see we have visibility currently , even on the contracts we signed that go several quarters out from where we sit right now .
As we look at the other deals that are in the pipeline , that we have not signed yet , you know the opportunity on the SCOsource side I would describe as being significant .
...
Jackson : Sort of a follow - up on the SCOx , as it relates to the two big contracts with Microsoft and the other one .
Can you apportion what value of the total contract size relates to the SCOsource type licenses in arrears vs. product sales going forward ?
Wait , maybe I should rephrase .
What portion of the contract value in either or both instances relates to new products that might be tied in to SCOx ?
McBride : Yeah .
The deals that have been done on SCOsource side relate more , not too much to our direct lines under SCOx product line , but more to taking our core thread of Unix that we own and giving access to portions of that to these other companies to be able to integrate their product lines better from a Unix operability standpoint .
So ....
Jackson :
And I guess what I 'm asking is it on a one shot deal or is it ....
McBride : Yeah .
So , what we have here is the first few SCOx deals that we 've targeted , we 've chosen to bring more money in over several quarters as opposed to a longer term type of royalty stream if you will .
So we 've got multiple quarters , several quarters of revenue recognition from these original deals .
We were last , if you remember on our last call , we were looking at trying to raise some equity capital from the financial markets .
We actually had people stepping up ready to invest in the company .
We decided not to take those investments , because we were able to generate significantly larger amounts of cash through SCOsource that was non-dilutive .
So , the first part was to go ahead and shore up the balance sheet , as we have done .
We are debt - free now , cash is growing , we are in good shape on the cash side .
As we go forward we expect to start looking at SCOsource licensing deals that will have even a longer term impact , than this over several quarters .
Darl McBride , August 14 , 2003 conference call on 2003 Q3 Earnings : McBride : OK , thank you .
And thank all of you for joining our call today .
Our quarter that ended July 31 , 2003 , marked the second consecutive quarter of strong positive earnings .
Revenue attributed to our SCOsource intellectual property licensing initiative has generated positive operating margins and has contributed to positive case flows from operations .
These activities during the past two quarters have nearly tripled our cash balance and thus strengthening our balance sheet .
Over the past four quarters our market cap has gone from under 10 million dollars to over 140 million dollars making SCOX one of the top performing stocks on the NASDAQ market .
In a moment , Bob Bench , our CFO will give a detailed analysis of the quarter .
However , before that analysis , I 'd like to review the actions we 've taken over the last year since my joining SCO as the Chief Executive Officer that have made the significant accomplishments possible and that will continue to drive greater success in the future .
We restructured the company to reduce expenses and better manage our assets .
We reestablished the SCO brand .
The SCO brand is 20 plus years old , known worldwide and strongly associated with Unix .
We formed SCOsource to monetize our Unix intellectual property . ...
What I 'd like to do now is throw the ball over to Bob and have him run with it a bit with respect to more detailed analysis on how the quarter went .
Robert Bench : Thanks Darl .
The company has continued to adhere to a viable operating model that will create additional efficiencies in our worldwide operations .
We increased the percent of revenue invested in product development this past quarter , while slightly decreasing our other operating costs .
Of the 20.1 million in revenue , 12.8 million of 64 % was related to our core Unix operating system platform .
And of the 12.8 million , 10.8 million was product related and 2 million was from services .
The other 36 % of our 20 million in revenue , or 7.3 million in revenue , was generated from our SCOsource initiatives .
Our gross margin of 15.5 million or 77 % was slightly higher than last quarter and in line with our operating model ....
Our SCOsource activities and initiatives and our recent announcements regarding Linux may also be causing customers to lengthen their purchase and implementation cycle as they contemplate the appropriate operating platform of the future and asses the current risks related to Linux .
Our products are continuing to be used in new businesses and our present cutomers are expanding their current operations .
...
Operator :
And next we 'll go to Robert McMillan from IDG .
Please go ahead .
McMillan : Yeah .
Actually my question was pretty much what Maureen was ... just asked you .
Could you ... maybe you could just tell me a little bit more about this SCOsource revenue , then .
Could you tell me where 's that going to be coming from ?
I mean do you have new licensee technology coming , licensing the Unix source source code or ... how are you going to get 10 to 12 million dollars from SCOsource ?
McBride : Well , as we said in our last call , Robert , a quarter ago , we modeled this thing out and we wanted to ... pull out and sign up big industry partnerships , and we would choose to model that in a way that we would have more revenue coming in in bigger blocks over multiple - quarter periods of time as a mechanism to shore up our balance sheet .
And then , as we got in to the ... more of the end - use licensing part , we would put in the , you know , the more of the blocking and tackling , per - unit royalty licensing that we would roll out .
And that 's , that 's really on - track with where we are .
We continue to go down the path of having big deals that are done with big companies that provides more of an up - front set of cash payments that come in over multiple quarters , and then this licensing program we just kicked off here over the last couple weeks is something we expect to ramp up , and the the first part in the revenue line - item there with the big blocks coming in is n't something that goes on forever , but on the , you know you get multiple quarter coverage out of that , and then , over time we see the ramp really coming , that shows significant run-up , over time , coming from more of this end - use type of a licensing program .
Sun Microsystems VP John Loiacono quoted in eWeek , March 7 , 2003 : Sun Microsystems Inc. , whose Solaris operating system is based on Unix , moved quickly Thursday to assure its customers that its licenses are all in order .
John Loiacono , vice president of Sun 's operating platforms group , told eWEEK Thursday that the company has assured its customers and partners that it has licensing rights to Unix for both SPARC and the recently available x86 systems .
" As part of a series of licensing agreements , Sun acquired rights to make and ship derivative products based on the intellectual property in Unix .
This forms the foundation for the Solaris operating system that ships today , " Loiacono said .
" Sun 's complete line of Solaris and Linux products including Solaris for the SPARC and x86 platforms , Trusted Solaris , the highly secure operating system , and Sun Linuxare all covered by Sun 's portfolio of Unix licensing agreements .
As such , Solaris and Sun Linux represent safe choices for those companies that develop and deploy services based on Unix systems . "
Darl McBride , February 26 , 2003 , eWeek :
SCO CEO Darl McBride on Wednesday declined to confirm or deny reports eWEEK has received that SCO is preparing to launch such legal action .
But he did confirm that the Lindon , Utah - based firm is expecting to make at least $ 10 million in revenue in the current financial quarter from its SCOsource licensing initiative .
SCO , formerly Caldera International Inc. , recently created the SCOsource division to create new licensing programs and products for its intellectual property .
That move followed news last month that the firm was planning to make some users pay for some Unix software they were running , unlicensed , on Linux .
The first deliverable from SCOsource was the licensing of its Unix shared libraries under a new product license called SCO System V for Linux .
That product lets Linux customers run Unix applications , originally written for SCO OpenServer and SCO UnixWare , under Linux in an Intel environment ....
McBride said SCO expected revenue for the second quarter , ending April 30 , 2003 , to be in the range of $ 23 million to $ 25 million .
That forecast was based on anticipated revenue from its current operating platforms of $ 13 million to $ 15 million , and from $ 10 million in revenue from its SCOsource licensing initiative .
SCO CEO Darl McBride on Wednesday declined to confirm or deny reports eWEEK has received that SCO is preparing to launch such legal action .
Darl McBride , August 15 , 2003 , in ZDNET :
The company said it earned $ 3.1 m ( £ 1.94 m ) , or 19 cents per share , during its fiscal third quarter , compared with a loss of $ 4.5 m , or 35 cents a share , in the year - ago quarter .
The company said third - quarter revenue was $ 20.1 m , up from $ 15.4 m a year ago .
The company said $ 7.3 m of its revenue for the quarter , which ended on 31 July , came from its SCOsource licensing division , which is charged with protecting SCO 's Unix - related intellectual property .
The company also said it expected fourth - quarter revenue to grow to between $ 22 m and $ 25 m due to expected growth of the SCOsource licensing plan .
" The magnitude of our SCOsource licensing opportunities and our confidence in the SCOsource revenue pipeline is growing each quarter , " the company 's chief executive , Darl McBride , said in a statement .
The company said it earned $ 3.1 m ( £ 1.94 m ) , or 19 cents per share , during its fiscal third quarter , compared with a loss of $ 4.5 m , or 35 cents a share , in the year - ago quarter .
The company said third - quarter revenue was $ 20.1 m , up from $ 15.4 m a year ago .
Darl McBride , July 10 , 2003 , ZDNET :
Speaking to the press in Tokyo Wednesday , Darl McBride , the CEO of SCO Group , repeated his claims that the Linux operating system has source code lifted from Unix .
He also denied reports that he had come to Japan specifically to meet members of the newly - formed Consumer Electronics Linux Forum .
" I am here to speak to large Linux vendors about their businesses , so that both sides can find mutually acceptable solutions for the alleged Linux IP infringement issues , " said McBride in response to the question about the purpose of his visit to Japan .
He referred to the lawsuit that SCO filed against IBM as a weapon of last resort , and that he would like to avoid using it again .
" Actually , Microsoft and Sun Microsystems discussed with us , and got licenses from us .
I expect we can repeat it with some Japanese counterparts , " said McBride .
He added that SCO and Hewlett - Packard were in discussions about Unix licensing .
However , he did not reveal the names of companies he would meet during the visit .
Speaking to the press in Tokyo Wednesday , Darl McBride , the CEO of SCO Group , repeated his claims that the Linux operating system has source code lifted from Unix .
Microsot 's Brad Smith , quoted on May 18 , 2003 in ZDNET , Microsoft to license Unix code :
Microsoft will license the rights to Unix technology from SCO Group , a move that could impact the battle between Windows and Linux in the market for computer operating systems .
According to a statement from Microsoft , the company will license SCO 's Unix patents and the source code .
That code is at the heart of a $ 1 billion lawsuit between SCO and IBM , which is aggressively pushing Linux as an alternative to Windows in corporate back shops ....
Late Sunday , Microsoft general counsel Brad Smith said acquiring the license from SCO " is representative of Microsoft 's ongoing commitment to respecting intellectual property and the IT community 's healthy exchange of IP through licensing .
This helps to ensure IP compliance across Microsoft solutions and supports our efforts around existing products like services for Unix that further Unix interoperability . "
The pact was first reported by the Wall Street Journal .
Microsoft will license the rights to Unix technology from SCO Group , a move that could impact the battle between Windows and Linux in the market for computer operating systems .
Robin Bloor , IT Director :
Now Microsoft has stepped in and licensed the source code and patents associated with the Unix operating system from SCO .
The stated purpose is to ensure that Microsoft 's software complies with SCO 's intellectual - property rights and that it can ensure compatibility with Unix software .
However , few people believe that to be the major reason for the deal .
Most probably , Microsoft wants to stir up the whole argument in the hope of stemming the Linux tide .
Chris Sontag of SCO immediately claimed that the Microsoft licensing agreement reflected the strength of its intellectual - property suit against IBM .
I 'm not sure how his logic works here .
If IBM already has a license - irrevocable , fully paid up , perpetual etc. then the real implication is that Microsoft was worried that it might have infringed intellectual property .
This is possible as Microsoft developed its own version of Unix in the 1980s .
Now Microsoft has stepped in and licensed the source code and patents associated with the Unix operating system from SCO .
The stated purpose is to ensure that Microsoft 's software complies with SCO 's intellectual - property rights and that it can ensure compatibility with Unix software .
However , few people believe that to be the major reason for the deal .
Most probably , Microsoft wants to stir up the whole argument in the hope of stemming the Linux tide .
Stephen Shankland , July 10 , 2003 , News.com Sun expands
Unix deal with SCO :
A previously secret licensee of SCO Group 's Unix intellectual property has revealed its identity : Unix leader Sun Microsystems .
SCO 's
Unix licensing plan got a major boost of publicity in May when Microsoft announced its decision to license Unix from SCO , but Sun actually was the first company to sign on .
SCO and Sun confirmed the licensing deal on Wednesday .
The pact , signed earlier this year , expanded the rights Sun acquired in 1994 to use Unix in its Solaris operating system .
But there 's more to the relationship : SCO also granted Sun a warrant to buy as many as 210,000 shares of SCO stock at $ 1.83 per share as part of the licensing deal , according to a regulatory document filed Tuesday .
Sun , the No. 1 seller of Unix servers , declined to comment on the option to take a stake in SCO Group .
Fortune on Monday published news of the expanded Sun contract .
Sun 's expanded license permits
Sun to use some software from Unix System V Release 4 for software components called drivers , which let computers use hard drives , network cards and other devices .
Sun needed the software for its version of Solaris that runs on Intel servers , Sun spokesman Brett Smith said .
A source familiar with the deal said the new contract was signed in February , but neither Sun nor SCO would comment .
... Sun's Smith said the company is being careful to ensure that its
Unix intellectual property is " very clean . "
" We 've always made sure we 're very aboveboard , " Smith said .
" We 've made sure the i's are dotted , the t's are crossed . "
Before the newest contract was signed , Sun had spent $ 82 million acquiring rights to use Unix , Smith said .
Among Sun 's privileges is the right to show Solaris ' underlying source code to customers , SCO said ....
Details of Sun 's license appeared in a regulatory document that SCO filed to permit various investors to sell 305,000 SCO shares .
Of those , 174,000 would be sold by SCO 's biggest investor , the Canopy Group , which would see its stake in SCO drop from 41.1 percent to 39.9 percent , according to the filing .
If the Microsoft and Sun licensing agreements were not SCOsource licenses , SCO certainly convinced a lot of people otherwise at the time .
By the way , SCO Group did n't have any patent for Microsoft to license , not that has ever come to light that I am aware of .
But then , what 's a few million between friends ?
And did you notice that Sun 's license covered Linux too , to hear them tell it ?
So , why is n't that the end of the methods and concepts story right there ?
If SCO intended to protect methods and concepts , that 's a mighty funny way of going about it .
And as long as we 're on a truth mission , remember this from Trevor Marshall 's interview with Chris Sontag for Byte Magazine , June 16 , 2003 ?
So Why is Linux Being Targeted First ?
SCO is targeting Linux first primarily because the Linux source code is open .
SCO 's lawyers have been poring over the Linux code for much of the past year , looking for fragments and routines which are substantially identical to code from the various releases of UNIX .
SCO's " experts " have also found sections of code which SCO believes have been obfuscated where the order of code execution has been rearranged in a direct attempt to hide its SCO pedigree .
But SCO has been even more thorough .
After sifting through e-mails from the Linux developers ' mailing list , Sontag says SCO has examples of programmers from AT&T licensees offering to write UNIX code into Linux , and can identify where those UNIX fragments turned up in the codebase .
The lawyers were sifting through emails from LKML for a year ?
Which lawyers ?
That takes us back to the summer of 2002 , which is when McBride was hired , not January of 2003 , as they told the SEC , above , and which is the date Boies Schiller was retained .
So , when McBride told Bloomberg News , as reported in the Salt Lake Tribune , the following in August of 2003 , was it accurate ?
Chief Financial Officer Robert Bench began the selling by SCO insiders , four days after SCO filed the suit against IBM .
Bench is selling to help pay a $ 150,000 tax bill , McBride said .
Under the Sarbanes - Oxley law , companies are no longer able to loan executives money to pay taxes or other expenses .
Bench submitted a sale plan in January , months before any legal action against IBM was contemplated , McBride said .
His agreement called for the sales to begin on March 8 .
He planned to sell 5,000 shares a month for the next 12 months , according to the plan .
Just exactly when did SCO begin contemplating legal action , if its lawyers were sifting though Linux kernel message boards looking for evidence in 2002 ?
And are these the emails that SCO just filed in December with the court , their " evidence " of allegedly misused materials ?
After all the code that SCO got the court to order IBM to turn over , they end up filing a bunch of emails it seems they had before discovery began ?
But might I inquire , if they told Byte Magazine in 2003 that they could trace from the emails precisely where code ended up in Linux , why are n't they telling the court now by file , line and version ?
Man , it gets confusing when their story keeps changing .
At some point , SCO will have to pick a story and not only stick to it , it will have to prove it .
And then the words of Robert Frost will be more applicable than Yogi's : that when you came to a fork in the road , the direction you took ends up being what makes all the difference .
That 's poetry for you reap what you sow .
PS : Here 's Robert Bench 's certification attached to the April 2003 SEC filing .
Darl 's certification .
And Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure requires the following : ( b ) Representations to Court .
By presenting to the court ( whether by signing , filing , submitting , or later advocating ) a pleading , written motion , or other paper , an attorney or unrepresented party is certifying that to the best of the person 's knowledge , information , and belief , formed after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances , -- ( 1 ) it is not being presented for any improper purpose , such as to harass or to cause unnecessary delay or needless increase in the cost of litigation ; ( 2 ) the claims , defenses , and other legal contentions therein are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for the extension , modification , or reversal of existing law or the establishment of new law ; ( 3 ) the allegations and other factual contentions have evidentiary support or , if specifically so identified , are likely to have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery ; and ( 4 ) the denials of factual contentions are warranted on the evidence or , if specifically so id entified , are reasonably based on a lack of information or belief .
( c ) Sanctions .
If , after notice and a reasonable opportunity to respond , the court determines that subdivision ( b ) has been violated , the court may , subject to the conditions stated below , impose an appropriate sanction upon the attorneys , law firms , or parties that have violated subdivision ( b ) or are responsible for the violation ....
Subdivisions ( a ) through ( c ) of this rule do not apply to disclosures and discovery requests , responses , objections , and motions that are subject to the provisions of Rules 26 through 37 .
Honda Demonstrates the FCX Concept Vehicle
Concept Cars , Hybrids , Technology , Honda
on 09/25/2006
Source : Honda
Filed under :on 09/25/2006Source : Honda
Honda Motor Co. , Ltd. today held a demonstration drive of the next - generation FCX Concept fuel cell vehicle .
The FCX Concept features a newly developed compact , high - efficiency Honda FC Stack as well as a low - floor , low - riding , short - nose body .
It offers a comfortably large cabin and futuristic styling along with significant improvements in power output and environmental performance .
Limited marketing of a totally new fuel cell vehicle based on this concept model is to begin in 2008 in Japan and the U.S .
To meet Honda objectives for significant gains in both environmental and driving performance , the FCX Concept is equipped with a V Flow1 fuel cell platform consisting of a compact , high - efficiency fuel cell stack arranged in an innovative center - tunnel layout .
This has allowed designers to create an elegant , low - riding , sedan form that would have been difficult to achieve in a conventional fuel cell vehicle .
This new fuel cell stack is 20 percent smaller and 30 percent lighter than the current FCX FC Stack , yet its power output is 14 kW greater .
The drive motor has been positioned coaxially with the gearbox for a more compact design , with output increased by 15 kW .
Overall , the power plant is about 180kg lighter than that of the current FCX and about 40 percent smaller in volume .
The result is improved energy efficiency and performance along with a more spacious interior .
Click to enlarge
While with previous fuel cell stacks the hydrogen and the water formed in electricity generation flowed horizontally , the new FCX Concept features vertical - flow design .
This allows gravity to assist in discharging the water that is produced , resulting in a major improvement in water drainage , key to high - efficiency fuel stack performance .
The result is stable power generation under a broad range of conditions , and higher output from a smaller package .
Low - temperature startup has also been significantly improved , enabling cold - weather starts at temperatures 10 oC lower than the current FCX -- as low as minus 30oC .
Click to enlarge
As an auxiliary power source , the FCX Concept carries a compact , high - efficiency lithium ion battery , contributing to increased power output and a more compact power plant .
These efficiency improvements to major power plant components give the vehicle a travel range approximately 30 percent greater than the current FCX .
The vehicle is also highly efficient , with an energy efficiency of around 60 percent -- approximately three times that of a gasoline - engine vehicle , twice that of a hybrid vehicle , and 10 percent better than the current FCX .
Other features include seat upholstery and door linings made from Honda Bio Fabric , a plant - based material that offers outstanding durability and resistance to sunlight damage .
Other improvements such as Shift - by - Wire and a newly designed instrument panel with easy - to - read display of hydrogen fuel consumption facilitate improved ease of operation .
Click to enlarge
The new fuel cell vehicle currently under development for release in 2008 , will feature the principle technologies of the FCX Concept to achieve a new dimension in environmentally friendly driving pleasure not found with gasoline - engine vehicles .
Source : Honda
Share with : Delicious reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Prev : Renault Introduces its Environmentally - Friendly M9R Diesel Engine Next : Mazda Nemesis - the Third Special Edition Mazda RX - 8 ( UK )
Your Comments
STEP 2 : Email it to to theviewfromyourwindow@gmail.com , tweet it at @aussieoverlanders or Instagram tag it @aussieoverlanders
STEP 3 : It will be posted on the blog + if you have a blog / site we 'll link to you
Ready .
Set. GO !
STEP 1 : Take a photo of the view from your window
不思議な議論だ．地方の零細プロバイダって，まだあるんだっけ．あってもインフラは大概アウトソースしてるよね．テレホーダイとかフレッツとかブロードバンドとかで潰れるべき零細プロバイダはとうの昔に潰れて名前だけプロバイダのまま顧客管理業に徹してるんだから，誰も困らないのですよ．技術革新についても，WDMの波長多重数であれルータの処理能力であれ，すごく困るほど低迷している訳ではない．京都議定書との絡みで，消費電力をどうするとか細かい問題はあるけどね．だいたい，インターネットはもともとベスト・エフォートというくらいで，パイプのどこかが詰まったところで遅くなるだけのことだ．*1
いまさら従量課金なんか，どこもやらないでしょう．面倒だし，みんなが一斉にやらないと従量課金に移行した事業者から顧客が逃げるだけだし，一斉に従量課金にシフトしようものなら，独占禁止法に抵触してしまう．よしんば苦しいキャリアが何社か潰れたところで，キャリアなんか設備産業だから会社更生法なりを適用して身綺麗になったら再び価格競争を仕掛ける，それだけのことだ．
GyaOにして もSkypeにしても， トラヒック総量そのものは今のところWinnyと比べるとかわいいもので，
*2何故一部のキャリアが目くじらを立てているかというと，彼らの夢を壊すからだ．彼らがどういう夢を持っているかというと，テレビ電話やコンテンツ配信で，電話の頃と同じようなアプリケーション単位の従量課金を復活させ，ARPUを増やすことだ．Skypeのトラヒックそのものはどう考えたって無視できるのに，彼らが声高に批判するのはARPUに響くからである．B-ISDN構想やATMがうまくいかなかったのに，NGNで夢よもう一度，という議論はなくならない．本気で信じているというよりは，信じること自体に政治的な意味があるのである．*3
J2さんはアクセス網の低価格化に対して基幹網の低価格化が遅れてるのが問題と指摘するけれども，なぜ基幹網の低価格化が遅れているかというと単に競争環境がそうなっているからであって，基幹網では波長多重しにくい古いファイバと，装置さえ更新すれば簡単に波長を増やせる新しいファイバとがあって，新しいファイバを抱えている人々も自分たちから市場を破壊することはないよね，ということで，血みどろの競争になっていないだけの話だ．
基幹網事業者の本当の強みは管路を持っていることなので，伝送容量不足が深刻になれば，新しいファイバを引き直すまでだ．逆にいえば，秩序ある競争の中でもトラヒックは捌けているし，そこにはボトルネックなんかない．大手固定通信事業者は今以上に儲かるかは別にして，まだまだ消耗戦を戦い抜く余力がある．団塊世代が引退するここ数年で収支は飛躍的に改善するし，局舎や社宅といった不動産の大量な含み益もある．
新興ブロードバンド通信事業者がなぜ相次いで携帯電話とか無線ブロードバンドに参入しようとしているかというと，無線は有線と違って周波数という排他的で希少な資源を必要とするため，有線ほど血みどろの価格競争になり難いと分かっているからだ．基幹網とか有線アクセス網と違って，無線アクセスは周波数・空間あたりの伝送容量を劇的に増やすことが難しい．個別端末の最大伝送容量は急ピッチで増えているけれども，網全体の容量はそれほど急激には増えない．
インフラただ乗り論とかバックボーン不足論といった歪んだ議論の背景には，国産ルータの開発資金を国から引っ張り出したい人々とか，再々編とか通信放送融合とか相互接続料金の算定基準といった議論を有利に持って行きたい大手通信事業者の思惑もあって，そういう極めて政治的な議論を真に受けて，表面的なところで似非技術論を打つと底が知れてしまうので気をつけた方がいい．
June 8 , 2006  --
There 's a wealth of meaning behind the photos of Brad Pitt , Angelina Jolie and baby Shiloh Nouvel .
The shots of the new trio purchased by People magazine reveal the true emotions of the couple , said Peter Castro , the magazine 's executive editor .
" There are very few pictures of them together anyway , but very , very few of them ever looking at each other , " Castro said .
" This [ cover ] picture does n't lie .
For anyone out there that doubted if this relationship was real , if he was just a babymaker , I think these two are really in love . "
People magazine will showcase the photos when its new issue comes out Friday .
The highly anticipated photos show little Shiloh sleeping soundly in her father 's arms .
Though she does n't open her eyes in photos , People reports she has her father 's blue eyes .
Shiloh also seems to have her mother 's lips .
" From the nose down , it 's all Angelina and from the nose up it 's Brad Pitt , " Castro said .
Tattoos Deciphered
The photos People magazine bought also provided a clear shot of a tattoo on the new mom's arm -- a cryptic design of lines and numbers .
A member of People magazine 's staff deciphered its meaning .
" Someone noticed these numbers , and someone -- some really smart person on staff -- says , ' Wait a minute .
Those look like latitude and longitude lines , ' " Castro said .
" There happened to be a globe in the office , and we went to the globe and figured it out and the lines are for Ethiopia and Cambodia -- the countries of [ Jolie and Pitt 's adopted children ] Zahara and Maddox . …
If you see a new set of numbers , I think it will be Namibia . "
People reportedly paid $ 4.1 million for exclusive North American rights to Shiloh 's photos .
Castro , however , says that reported price tag is wrong and declined to give " Good Morning America " the correct figure .
" We 've heard figures between $ 3.5 and $ 5 million , and this latest one of $ 4.1 million , " Castro said .
" They 're all incorrect . "
Thanks in Donations
All the money that Jolie and Pitt received from the sale of the first public photographs of Shiloh will go to charities for African children , according to Castro .
People will reveal the names of these charities in future issues and on its Web site .
Jolie and Pitt also donated money to Welwitschia Clinic , the private hospital in Walvis Bay , Namibia , where Shiloh was born on May 27 .
" They gave $ 300,000 to the hospital there , which , by the way , they said was as good as any American hospital , " Castro said .
Jolie and Pitt addressed reporters today in Namibia in their first public appearance since Shiloh 's birth .
They said there were no wedding plans .
" The focus is the kids , and we are obviously extremely committed to the children and as parents together , " she said .
" So that kind of says it for us , and to have a ceremony on top of it is nothing . "
Standing alongside Namibian first lady Penexupifo Pohamba and the country 's child welfare minister Marlene Mungunda , the couple offered their thanks to their adopted country .
" We are proud that our daughter was born here , " Pitt told local reporters .
" And we leave with fond memories and definitely hungry to return . "
" We were afforded a peace here that we could not have at home , " he said .
" It means very much to us , just getting to spend quality time together , to do the things normal families would do . "
ABC News ' Nancy Weiner and Liz Borod Wright contributed to this report .
Humorous , Funny and Cute Animal Photos
from All - Creatures.org Humor Archive
It is our hope that this collection of humor will help make us laugh at ourselves , and hopefully live a more compassionate cruelty - free lifestyle .
Humorous , Funny and Cute Animal Photos Table of Contents
Return to : Humorous , Funny and Cute Animal Photos
Return to : Humor - Table of Contents
By Christian Fraser
BBC News , Rome
Father Foster says he can see no future for Latin
Father Reginald Foster , who was appointed the papal Latinist 38 years ago , says Latin is almost extinct .
He says priests are no longer compelled to study it at seminaries and find it impossible to read important theological texts .
Father Foster has also condemned the loss of Latin teaching in schools across most of Europe .
' Missing out '
Father Foster has just opened a new Latin academy in Rome near the Pantheon , in his final effort to preserve the official language of the priesthood .
St Augustine thought in Latin , you can't read his text in English , it 's like listening to Mozart through a jukebox
Father Reginald Foster
He hopes to attract 130 students a year .
But the chief Latinist , who has translated speeches and letters for four popes , says he can see no future for the language he is teaching and has been forced to acknowledge that Latin is dying out .
The reason is that more junior members of the Catholic hierarchy are less enthusiastic about Latin than the recent Popes .
At the Vatican , bishops ' appointments are still written on papyrus in Latin as are letters of congratulations from the pope , but many bishops and cardinals write back asking for translations .
He has also condemned the loss of Latin teaching in Europe .
In Italy , most schoolchildren are still taught Latin for at least four hours a week until they are 18 .
But in other European countries it has been replaced by the more modern languages .
Father Foster believes that without Latin they are missing out on important elements of history .
" St Augustine thought in Latin , you can't read his text in English , it 's like listening to Mozart through a jukebox , " he says .
Papal leadership
Reports that Pope Benedict XVI might re-introduce Latin mass are way off the mark says Father Foster , not least because of the pontiff 's desire to avoid more controversy .
The Pope might re-introduce Latin mass , reports say
In any case , he says , it just makes the Vatican look medieval .
Father Foster does , however , propose a solution - he has called on the Pope to lead by example .
Instead of a siesta , he says , Benedict should announce that he will be reading Latin in his Vatican quarters .
Apple will announce new iBook consumer notebooks at Macworld Expo in January 2006 - just over a month from now - and they will be based on Intel processors .
So allege " highly reliable " sources , ThinkSecret reports , mentioning the same sources have proved correct on quite a few other occasions .
The moles do n't provide any specifics about the Intel - based iBooks beyond indicating a new , third model for the line - up - quite possibly , we 'd guess , the much - rumoured widescreen edition .
They also suggest Apple will significantly lower prices in a bid to win more buyers from the Windows world as the Mac Mini did on the desktop .
That claim points to a low - spec machine .
While the focus on Apple 's shift to Intel CPUs in the mobile market has fallen on the chip giant 's upcoming 65nm ' Yonah ' Pentium M , Intel has plenty of 90nm Celeron
Ms at very low prices , which could well form the basis for a low - end iBook .
It 's interesting that Apple is embedding Intel processors in its consumer machines ahead of the pro-oriented PowerBook and Power Mac lines .
Pro users will bring over more legacy apps , and while they will run under Apple 's Rosetta emulation technology , the performance achieved may be less than power users expect .
Better then to guide them to the new processor platform when the major software developers have got x86 - compatible Mac OS X apps out the door .
Consumers , by contrast , may be more willing to put up with the performance dip .
Apple 's own iApps should have been ported over , so in fact many of the programs new users will run will operate at native speeds .
The availability of Intel - based Macs should also help galvanise software developers to speed x86 code creation . ®
DNA comparisons : Gains ( green ) , losses ( red ) , the same ( yellow )
A UK - led team made a detailed analysis of the DNA found in 270 people and identified vast regions to be duplicated or even missing .
A great many of these variations are in areas of the genome that would not damage our health , Matthew Hurles and colleagues told the journal Nature .
But others are - and can be shown to play a role in a number of disorders .
" We were certainly surprised ; we expected to find that there would be some variation , but we were n't expecting to find quite this much , " Dr Hurles told BBC News .
To date , the investigation of the human genome has tended to focus on very small changes in DNA that can have deleterious effects - at the scale of just one or a few bases , or " letters " , in the biochemical code that programs cellular activity .
And for many years , scientists have also been able to look through microscopes to see very large - scale abnormalities that arise when whole DNA bundles , or chromosomes , are truncated or duplicated .
But it is only recently that researchers have developed the molecular " tools " to focus on medium - scale variations - at the scale of thousands of DNA letters .
Big factor
This analysis of so - called copy number variation ( CNV ) has now revealed some startling results .
It would seem the assumption that the DNA of any two humans is 99.9 % similar in content and identity no longer holds .
The researchers were astonished to locate 1,447 CNVs in nearly 2,900 genes , the starting " templates " written in the DNA that are used by cells to make the proteins which drive our bodies .
This is a huge , hitherto unrecognised , level of variation between one individual and the next .
" Each one of us has a unique pattern of gains and losses of complete sections of DNA , " said Matthew Hurles , of the UK's Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute .
" One of the real surprises of these results was just how much of our DNA varies in copy number .
We estimate this to be at least 12 % of the genome .
" The copy number variation that researchers had seen before was simply the tip of the iceberg , while the bulk lay submerged , undetected .
We now appreciate the immense contribution of this phenomenon to genetic differences between individuals . "
Evolving story
The new understanding will change the way in which scientists search for genes involved in disease .
" Many examples of diseases resulting from changes in copy number are emerging , " commented Charles Lee , one of the project 's leaders from Brigham and Women 's Hospital and Harvard Medical School in Boston , US .
" A recent review lists 17 conditions of the nervous system alone - including Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease - that can result from such copy number changes . "
Scientists are not sure why the copy variations emerge , but it probably has something to do with the shuffling of genetic material that occurs in the production of eggs and sperm ; the process is prone to errors .
As well as aiding the investigation of disease and the development of new drugs , the research will also inform the study of human evolution , which probes genetic variation in modern populations for what it can say about their relationship to ancestral peoples .
Here are a few things that make me angry .
Keep checking in .
This summabitch is going to get really long .
Or check out the brand new Last Angry Young Blog for site updates plus angry news and gossip .
Email too personal for blog publication can be sent to mailman at angryman dot ca Blatantly Unprepared Gameshow Contestants
If you ca n’t swim , do n’t go on Survivor .
If you ’re afraid of spiders , stay off of Fear Factor .
If you ’re an idiot , do n’t fake your way onto Jeopardy .
You ’re just embarrassing yourself and taking the opportunity away from more worthy contestants .
My old university roommate could list to - the - penny prices of Rice - a - Roni for the years 1982 through to 1999 ( adjusted to 1999 dollars ) then add up the total and know exactly how far it was above or below the price of a Sunbeam four - slice toaster .
But he never got his shot at Price is Right glory because some Hawaiian - shirt wearing dude who ca n’t guess the price of a Chevy Malibu within $ 10,000 keeps getting the order to ‘ come on down . ’
Oh the humanity .
Guys Who " Know Karate "
Q : Which demographic group gets their asses kicked more than any other ?
A : Young males who say they know karate .
While many people deserve to be punched in the face , nobody paints the target on themselves quite so distinctly as these guys .
Some of them may in fact know some karate , most of them do n't , but it hardly matters .
Saying " I know karate " in a bar is the equivalent of saying " I 'll be right back " in a horror movie .
Bad things are about to happen to you .
Next time you open your mouth , pour a drink in it instead .
Ambiguous Warning Shouts
Look out !
Watch out !
Heads up !
What are you supposed to do when someone shouts one of these at you ?
Most people hunch over slightly and feebly raise their hands close to their head .
Another common reaction is to turn directly towards the source of the warning , which , if this is also the source of the impending danger , is about the worst thing you could do .
I propose instead a series of six generally accepted warning shouts : Stop ! Run ! Duck !
Jump !
Step left !
Step right !
Does n’t that seem much more likely to save your life than HEADS UP ?
Even if you do n’t know your left from your right , you still have a 50/50 chance , which I would say is better odds than you get from WATCH OUT !
Surprise Parties
If you are surprised by your friends throwing you a surprise party , I strongly recommend that you get some new friends .
There are two primary surprise party situations where surprise is likely to be induced .
Situation 1 : You like parties , but never expected that your friends would throw one in honour of your birthday - you must think your friends are jerks .
Situation 2 : You hate parties , and because of this you did not expect your friends to throw one in honour of your birthday - surprise , your friends are jerks .
Christmas Lights
Why do homeowners take their lights down every year ?
Because they know that they 're fucking ugly .
If the lights looked good , people would leave them up right ?
If for some reason you insist on Christmas lights ( baby Jesus sure did love ostentatious displays of unnecessary spending ) please follow two simple rules .
1 : Consistency of colour and illumination - nothing looks tackier than blue , yellow , green , orange , orange , orange red , pink ; and nothing looks more ghetto than one strand of lights that flashes quickly , one that flashes slowly and one that does n't flash at all .
2 : No " icicle lights " - while they can be applauded for generally being uniform in colour , they sure as hell do n't look like icicles .
They look like a raccoon has gotten at your wiring and created a fire hazard .
Sue Thomas F.B.Eye
First , let me say that the real Sue Thomas , a deaf woman who works for the FBI is by all accounts a talented and fascinating woman .
But then let me quickly say that the TV show based on her experiences , Sue Thomas F.B. Eye is F-ing horrible .
Some talents just are n’t interesting to watch .
Who thought lip reading would make for compelling drama week after week ?
OK , great , she read the terrorist ’s lips and saved the day ... again .
I strongly suspect that the producers came up with the lame pun of a title and worked backwards from there to develop a show .
Maybe I ’m just bitter because the networks did n’t pick up my pilot episode of Stevie Johnson “ Special ” Agent in which a mentally handicapped Secret Service agent saves the President ’s life every week through a series of wacky misadventures .
Yay Stevie !!!
The Learning Channel
When I say learning , you say … that ’s right , decorating and human oddities .
No matter what you ’re trying to learn , you would be hard pressed to put together a worse curriculum than the schedule from The Learning Channel ( TLC ) .
Here are some listings from today ’s lineup : A Makeover Story ; Clean Sweep ; Trading Spaces ; While You Were Out ; Martha ; and Wild Child : The Story of Feral Children .
Why not put the Dukes of Hazzard on there so I can learn how to make moonshine and slide across the hood of a car ?
Other recent educational fare includes : The Half Ton Man ; What Not to Wear ; and a show about a bunch of dudes who run a tattoo parlour .
What I really want though is a single show where a huge fat guy raised by dogs gets the world ’s biggest tattoo , a new wardrobe and some simple tricks for making his dining room more inviting .
TLC ?
How about WTF ?
Stories About Your Cat
There are slightly more cats in North America than there are children .
And there are infinitely more owners ' stories about their cats than there are audiences who give a damn .
Since all cats do is sleep , eat , shit and attack things , there are very few possible permutations of cat story , and I guarantee I 've heard them all a million times .
I hate to tell you this , but your cats , just like your children , are neither unique nor interesting .
If your cat discovers a new element and has MrBootstonium added to the periodic table , by all means let me know .
But until then , keep your damn stories to yourself .
Math Rap
As a new crop of adorable little munchkins totters off to meet the teachers responsible for forming their minds , I 'm reminded of what dumbasses so many of those teachers are .
At the top of the dumbass teacher pyramid is the Math Rapper .
Rap by white guys sucks .
Rap by old people sucks .
Rap from the 80s sucks .
Put it all together , and it goes a little something like this ( yo beatbox ) : I 'm DJ Plus Sign and I 'm here to say ,
I can teach you fractions in a funky new way .
Math is cool and I am too .
Two is an integer .
Word !
And by math rap standards , the above is n't even that bad .
If rappers are going to go around shooting people anyway , why not target everyone involved in this .
Getting Stood Up
Having someone stand you up is an exception to the rule that things that do n't kill you make you stronger .
The self - doubt and feeling of being unwanted ( not to mention the anger ) just seem to accumulate with every instance .
Whether you 're standing alone in a bar , or sitting on the couch waiting for the phone call that you tell yourself will come any minute now , this is an intensely humiliating experience .
It 's interesting that in an age when a telephone is never more than an arms - length away , people are less inclined than ever to let someone know that they are cancelling their plans .
I 'm a very positive person , but I do n't know if my optimism can take much more of this .
What is the price of having your night wasted , your ego shredded and your faith in womankind destroyed ?
I 've crunched the numbers , and it comes out to 12 beers and a lap dance .
Telephones on Television
An unanswered telephone is the most annoying dramatic gimmick ever employed .
It 's a tired cliché used either to establish just how overworked a mother is ( in which case it precedes a shot of the mother carrying a baby on her hip and little Timmy 's lunchbox in her hand ) or to set an eerie mood right before a body is revealed ( generally slouched in a wingback chair right beside the phone ) .
But what the unanswered phone does particularly well , is annoy the hell out of me .
Why so loud ?
Why so ridiculously many rings ?
If I wanted to hear the telephone ring incessantly , I 'd work the Christmas Eve shift at the suicide hotline .
If I was lucky , screenwriters , depressed over their complete lack of originality , would call me in their hour of need .
And I 'd let that bloody phone ring a thousand times .
Elevator One - Stoppers
Anyone who works in an office tower already knows what I 'm talking about , and knows why I hate these people .
One - stoppers are the lazy sons of bitches who ride the elevator just one floor rather than take the stairs .
I 've seen a guy with no legs climb Mount Kilimanjaro , so you better have some kind of serious handicap if you want to convince me you can't handle one flight .
This basic laziness makes me angry , but you can also count on a one - stopper to do two or three of the following : wait in the lobby for more than three times as long as it would take to walk up
move directly to the back of a crowded elevator , forcing everyone to get out of their way 2 seconds later upon reaching the 2nd floor
block the door from closing in order to finish an inane conversation with a friend ( the friend is likely getting off at the 3rd floor )
press the " door open " button 10 - 15 times in a brain - dead attempt to close the doors and send us on our way
hold a bag of french - fries that smells up the entire elevator Celine Dion
I 've been thinking long and hard about why I hate Celine Dion .
I wanted to identify the reason precisely before I added her to the list .
Turns out she 's just really fucking annoying .
False Nudity Advisories
A less honest man could protest against these false alarms on the grounds that they needlessly discourage minors from watching what is in fact harmless or maybe even culturally enriching programming .
I protest on the grounds that if I 'm told there are going to be boobies , I want to see boobies .
I sat through 2 hours of Lethal Weapon telling myself there was no way that " the following program contains scenes of nudity " could refer to a one - second shot of Mel Gibson 's ass .
Two hours of my life I 'll never get back and at least two body - waxing questions I 'll never get answered .
The Missile Shield
It 's really not a shield at all , is it ?
It 's actually just a bunch of other missiles .
If you thought someone was going to throw a dart at your head , would you defend yourself with intercept darts ?
Hitting a mid-flight dart with another dart or a missile with another missile is hard , and it pretty much never works in either case .
I would n't declare my head dart - proof based on a system like that .
And I sure as hell would n't spend billions of dollars trying to dart - proof my head in response to having a brick thrown at my crotch on September 11th .
Garfield
So Garfield likes lasagne - we get it .
I doubt it was funny in 1978 and it sure is n't funny now .
How on earth do you turn a comic strip about a cat that likes lasagne into a 25 year career ?
Would n't most people go insane if every single morning they woke up , drew three pictures of a cat and called it a day ?
Before he goes to bed each night , Jim Davis should say a prayer for Marmaduke .
That really big dog is the only reason Garfield is n't the biggest piece of shit in the newspaper .
Tsunami Relief
Tsunami relief is starting to piss me off .
There , I said it .
I 've been holding my tongue for a couple of weeks now , but somebody has to speak out against this self - absorbed fund - raising pissing contest .
Charity concert number fifty - seven was the last straw for me , although I did appreciate the irony of washed - up rock stars raising money for washed out communities .
There 's a world full of tragedy , but it takes a special kind of high profile catastrophe to get the celebrities and the has - beens out .
In 2001 I noted that it would suck to be a fireman who died on September 10th .
And I 'm getting that feeling again .
In 2005 , it would suck to be a victim of anything other than a tsunami .
There are two kinds of charity that make sense to me : helping those who need it the most , and helping those whom I can best help .
Helping those who make the best headlines , that I 'm not so sure about .
Ray Romano
Everybody loves Raymond ?
Oh really ?
I do n't remember everybody loving Welcome to Mooseport .
And now his sit - com re-runs are on the Comedy Channel .
Putting Ray Romano on the Comedy Channel is like putting Ike Turner on the W Network or Steven Hawking on ESPN .
He just does n't belong .
If Ray Romano ever makes me laugh , I solemnly swear to remove this entry from the big list and replace it with an apology and a picture of me licking sidewalk chewing gum .
Chevrons and Hidden Driveway Signs
We 've all seen the sign " Watch your distance , keep 2 chevrons apart . "
Why can't they just double the distance between the chevrons and ask drivers to keep one chevron apart ?
We could cut our chevron budget in half .
It 's almost as stupid as " Hidden Driveway " signs .
Could n't the sign just say " Driveway " ?
The Summer Olympics
Technically , the Olympics bore me more than they anger me , but they still merit a mention on the big list .
Of the 2 billion events at the Summer Olympics , all but three of them ( boxing , wrestling , sprinting ) bore me to death .
Here are my suggestions for spicing up the games ; they may not be pretty , but they 'll pull better ratings than women 's light coxless pairs repechage :
For all the gymnastic events where you can fall off an apparatus , an alligator pit should be set up directly underneath the apparatus
Synchronised swimming should be run as a head to head competition with 2 teams trying to complete their routines while simultaneously drowning their opponents
Shot - put , javelin , discus and hammer - throw should work more like the egg toss , where a throw does n't count unless it is caught by your team - mate
And after each round of the long jump , an extra six inches of broken glass should be added to the pit Hand Holders
I know you 're in love , and I could n't be happier for you .
But can you not let go of each others hands for four seconds so an oncoming pedestrian can get past you on the sidewalk ?
Admittedly I am not an expert on the subject , but I can't imagine that pure eternal love would want to see someone run over by a bus .
Huge Band - Aids
I picked up a variety pack of band - aids the other day thinking that various sizes of band - aids would be helpful in covering various sizes of cuts .
Opening the box , I could n't believe the size of the largest models .
They must have been 4 " x4 " .
If you 're even considering using a band - aid that big , get to a hospital - either a canon ball has ripped through your abdomen or an escaped gorilla has torn your arms off .
You 're going to die , and a band - aid wo n't help you .
Salmonella Hysteria
There are a million and one ways to die , and eating poultry is n't exactly at the top of the list .
There are a billion and one ways to live your life , and I choose not to live mine worrying about some mythical bug that may or may not be present in under - cooked meat .
If cross-contamination through inadequate hand washing were as dangerous as the Salmonella alarmists want us to believe , every restaurant patron in the world would be dead by now .
If you 're old , worry about cancer and heart disease .
If you 're young , worry about car accidents and suicide .
If you 're smart , do n't worry about any of this crap .
To prove my point , and for your entertainment , here 's a picture of me licking a raw chicken leg .
Golf Clubs
This is the part of golf that I do n't understand : you 've got architects , landscapers , horticulturalists and diabolical former golfers working their tails off to design courses that are trickier and longer than ever before .
Then you 've got a bunch of metallurgists , physicists and aeronautical engineers working just as hard to make space aged titanium - graphite - polycarbon - nanotube golf clubs that can hit the ball 400 yards dead straight every single time .
Of course Phil Mickelson is good - NASA made his clubs .
If I was writing the PGA rulebook , every golfer would get three " clubs " : a shovel , a pool cue , and a wooden leg .
Let 's see how Tiger does with that in his bag .
A par 5 would be about 12 yards long and you could fit 18 holes in your backyard .
Now that 's a game .
The 4 a.m. Traffic Light
You know the light I 'm talking about .
At four in the morning , you 're driving down a flat desolate highway .
You can see forever in every direction and are entirely sure that you are completely alone .
Out of nowhere , and for no good reason , appears a red light .
You stop and wait for it to turn green .
It does n't .
You know it 's completely safe to run the light .
There are no cars coming - you can see that with your own eyes .
And yet you wait .
A tumbleweed blows past you as you ponder the possibility of some sort of police sting operation to catch late - night red - light runners .
By now you are cursing yourself for being such a law - abiding fraidy - cat .
You tell yourself that the Dukes of Hazzard would run the light ( yes , even Daisy ) .
Minutes later , just as you 're about to almost gather up enough guts to start thinking about maybe getting the courage to perhaps go through the red , it turns green .
You 've wasted some time , burned unnecessary gasoline and proven yourself to be a pussy .
All because of a little red traffic light .
Multiply this frustration by a billion if you have to pee really really badly .
The Europeans have a system where at 4 a.m. lights such as these , become flashing reds , to be treated as a stop sign : stop , look , go .
No wonder they look more relaxed than us .
A special thank you to Officer Probst for suggesting this topic .
He 's a good cop - or at least he 's never beaten me with his flashlight for no reason .
Shower Caps
When you look at the line - up of hotel toiletries , one item stands out as being particularly useless .
I 'm appreciative of the soap .
I 'm glad to have the shampoo and conditioner .
I 'm very pleased to see moisturizer , as my skin often dries out when I 'm on the road .
I 've even grown dependent on the shoe sponge or its poor cousin the shoe mitt , since I 'm generally travelling on business and the feet can always use a little polish .
And then there 's the shower cap .
About as useful as a bag with a built - in elastic can be .
Get this useless piece of junk out of my bathroom .
How about replacing this antiquated perm- protection device with something like toothpaste that might actually come in handy .
Do they think all travellers are old ladies with dye - jobbed hair and false teeth ?
From now on , whenever I make a hotel reservation online , in the special requests box I write " I like my hair and my teeth clean .
In lieu of shower cap , please provide small tube of toothpaste . "
Tampon Commercials
Pizza commercials , on occasion , make me order pizza .
And sometimes beer commercials make me buy beer .
But do tampon commercials really make people buy tampons ?
Is n't this one of those products that you either need or you do n't ?
Are n't the ads entirely unnecessary ?
And the embarrassing situations they portray are just too much .
Do we really need to see tampon disaster scenarios ?
The toilet paper people do n't do this .
Cottonelle ads show two fuzzy kittens playing with a roll of paper .
They do n't show a teenaged girl afraid to stand up because she has shit stains on her white pants , or a middle aged woman who wo n't change into her bathing suit because she did n't wipe her ass that day .
Get these commercials off my TV .
Just put tampons on the shelf and we 'll buy `em when we need `em .
Ski Masks
Since it 's been 30 years since anyone wore a ski mask to go skiing , can we finally face the facts ?
If you see someone in a ski mask , he 's not a Winter Olympian , he 's a goddammed burgler .
Do n't congratulate him on his finish at Lillehammer - knock him the hell out .
I 'm not sure you could walk into a ski lodge wearing a ski mask without getting gunned down by the police .
If not the real police , at least the fashion police - there may be no dumber looking piece of clothing than the ski mask .
Why do they even sell ski masks anymore ?
They would n't if we called them robber masks .
If your store sells robber masks , you deserve to be robbed at least once a week .
I think ski masks are about the dumbest thing in the world , and will do my best to ruin the ski mask industry .
The Subway Sub Club
This is Subway 's customer loyalty program .
As you know , due to a total absence of efficiency and politeness in the retail and food sectors , free crap is the only customer retention strategy left .
I have a few problems with the Sub Club in particular .
First , there 's the requirement to purchase a drink in order to claim my free sub .
I know that the mark - up on the drink exceeds the cost of the sandwich , so I have a hard time swallowing the " free " sub line .
The other requirement for claiming a free sub is to lick the 12 tiny little postage stamps that you 've received with your previous purchases .
I 'm not sure I want to lick 12 little stamps that have been handled by the guy behind the cash - he's the only one back there who 's allowed to have dirty hands ( money is filthy in more ways than one ) .
I 'm trying to talk Subway into giving customers the option of donating their free sub to a soup kitchen - stay tuned for updates .
Bicycle Helmets
When I was a kid learning to ride a bike , I fell off a lot .
But guess what ?
No helmet , no elbow pads , and not a single case of brain damage .
None of us wore helmets back then , and none of us ever hurt ourselves .
And we were 10 billion times more reckless on our bikes than kids are today .
I saw a guy ride off the roof of a church in 5th grade .
I 'd like to see the Nintendo generation try that .
Nowadays you see helmets everywhere : on roads and trails , on adults and kids , on bicycles and tricycles .
How the hell do you fall off a tricycle ?
If your kid needs a helmet on a tricycle , I hate to say it , but your kid needs a helmet 24 hours a day .
A total stranger pulled up beside me the other day and told me I should be wearing a helmet .
I asked him why he wore his , and he said it was to protect his head .
So I punched him in the neck .
Jessica Holmes
If you are American , you can count among your blessings the fact that you will likely never see Jessica Holmes on television .
She 's a Canadian " comedian " who has somehow managed to earn a living impersonating Liza Minnelli .
I 'm not even sure Liza Minnelli still makes a living out of being Liza Minnelli .
If nobody cares about the person you 're impersonating , how much do you think anyone cares about your impersonation ?
Get off my TV .
I do n't think I would even know who Liza Minnelli is if it were n't for bad impersonations and the cheapest brands of sketch comedy .
She 's a haggard old nobody .
Jessica Holmes , behold your future .
Voting
Given the Last Angry Young Man 's mission to eliminate apathy , you would think I 'd be in favour of voting .
And you 'd be wrong .
Voting is just another way for apathetic couch - potato losers to feel good about themselves while still doing essentially nothing .
I do n't know exactly what you expect from that guy you just put an X beside , but I do know that if you 're not out there doing it yourself , it 's just not going to get done .
Next time you vote , wipe the sweat from your brow , catch your breath and see if you can find the energy to pat yourself on the back .
You 've just made the smallest imaginable contribution to improving your society .
You are a fart in a hurricane .
Golf Umbrellas
Do you know what a golf umbrella is ?
It 's the thing that 's been poking your eye out on rainy days for far too long now .
It looks like a twelve - man nylon tent on a stick .
A golf umbrella takes up the entire sidewalk , and allow the jackass carrying it to avoid making eye contact with the hundreds of people who are scowling at him ferociously .
Surprisingly , you can even spot a golf umbrella user on a sunny day when he 's not carrying his umbrella .
Just look for the little Napoleon - sized guy in the Dockers with the slight pot belly and the pouffy hair ; he 'll be walking as fast as his little legs can carry him towards a car that , while it 's more than he can afford , does n't impress anyone .
Apart from being entirely too big for downtown use , do you know what distinguishes a golf umbrella from a regular umbrella ?
It 's lightening - proof , which is a real shame .
Men with small penises and large compensatory umbrellas deserve to be blasted off the planet by about 300,000 volts .
Credit Card Junkmail
Pre-approved .
Yeah right .
A bank has n't pre-approved anyone for anything ever .
They 'd ask the Dalai Lama for 3 pieces of ID and a year 's worth of pay stubs before they pre-approved him for a savings account .
So I know the bank is full of crap when they send me junk mail saying I 'm pre-approved for a $ 50,000 credit card .
How can you approve someone named Occupant ?
If I really am pre-approved for fifty grand , just send me the cash .
Small bills .
Otherwise , keep your deceptive and amoral marketing practices to yourself .
Billing Inserts from the Hydro Company
What 's worse than an inexplicable billing insert from the hydro company ?
How about two billing inserts , one from the hydro company and one from the hydro company 's regulator , both of which use the same euphemistic language to explain in the same confusing way that your rates are " changing . "
They 're not changing man , they 're going up .
Just say that my rates are going up .
I am strongly suspicious that a larger part of my bill goes towards printing billing inserts which I neither want nor understand than goes towards providing electricity .
But these are the hydro people , so I guess I should n't be shocked .
US Airways
The airlines continue to impress me with their endless array of ways to drive me crazy .
Here are four new ones from one recent trip with US Airways .
1 ) No headphones available , but they still insisted on playing the preview to see if we would be " interested in watching the film . "
2 ) As if stewardesses do n't have enough to do , and passengers are n't annoyed enough , US Air now has the crew shilling Bank of America credit card applications .
3 ) The oft - abused word " gourmet " has suffered no greater shame than being used in the description of a chicken sandwich from TGI Fridays served in a cardboard box .
4 ) A two - hour delay announced in 10 minute intervals , and marked " on time " all the way to 12:00 .
Expected departure is 10:00 - on time
Expected departure is 10:10 - on time
Expected departure is 10:20 - on time
Expected departure is 10:30 - on time
Expected departure is 10:40 - on time
Expected departure is 10:50 - on time
Expected departure is 11:00 - on time
Expected departure is 11:10 - on time
Expected departure is 11:20 - on time
Expected departure is 11:30 - on time
Expected departure is 11:40 - on time
Expected departure is 11:50 - on time
Expected departure is 12:00 - on time Cocktail Onions
Quick , name a cocktail that requires a cocktail onion .
If you said Gibson , join the rest of the world .
Even the National Onion Association can only come up with five .
And of those , I 'll guarantee the Gibson is the only one you 've heard of ( the rest being made - up garbage that no one would ever order , let alone drink ) .
So why the hell are they called cocktail onions ?
You could just as easily call a raw egg a " cocktail egg " since it 's used in making a Prairie Oyster .
Three years ago I bought a jar of cocktail onions .
So far , I 've used two .
The first one I ate .
The second one I threw at the neighbour 's cat .
It should be obvious which one I got more enjoyment from .
So from now on , I 'm calling them cat - chucking onions .
Tall , Grande , Venti
Attention beverage retailers of the world !
If you have three sizes , those sizes are small , medium and large .
If you have a fourth size , it is extra large .
Describing beverage sizes in any other way can only confuse , annoy and anger your customers .
The trouble started when some retailers began referring to small as regular , presumably because they did n't want the customer to know they were in fact getting a small beverage .
But Starbucks , with their tall , grande , venti scheme , took the idiocy to new heights .
I suggest that Starbucks take some of that sick profit they make from selling four - dollar coffees and buy a dictionary ; then explain to me how " tall " fairly describes the smallest size on the menu .
Oops , wait one second , I 've found the answer in my thesaurus : " … as in tall - tale : absurd , difficult , embellished , exorbitant , far - fetched , implausible , outlandish , overblown , preposterous , steep , unbelievable , unreasonable . "
Bingo .
Chocolate
Here 's an experiment you can try yourself .
Ask four women to sit down together , then count the microseconds before they start talking about chocolate .
No one can actually care that much about what is , essentially , candy ; I hold women in too high a regard to believe it .
So , why all the chocolate talk ?
Women talk about their love for chocolate the way young men talk about the amount of beer they can drink .
Chocolate has become so strongly associated with womanhood that professing one 's love for it is now a shorthand proclamation of female solidarity .
Nobody actually loves chocolate , just like nobody loves drinking 17 cans of Steeler and falling down the stairs .
And in the same way that nobody gives a crap about your college drinking stories , nobody gives a crap about what you had for dessert .
Dinosaurs in the Classroom
Before the end of first grade , North American kids can identify about 15 species of dinosaurs and separate the carnivores from the herbivores from the omnivores .
By second grade they can name all the dinosaurs that ever walked the earth and group them by period of the Mesozoic era .
In fourth grade , students are familiar with basic archaeological field technique and about a third of them are being recruited to go on active digs .
Before they graduate from primary school , they have a favourite theory on the cause of mass dinosaur extinction and could probably be teaching masters - level archaeology courses .
These are the same kids who can't find their state or province on a map , name the leader of their country or multiply two two - digit numbers .
But by God they know a stegosaurus from an ankylosaurus .
If they ever find themselves trapped in a dinosaur amusement park gone bad , they 'll be all set .
Otherwise , they 've pretty much wasted a third of their school days ( another third was inexplicably spent on volcanoes ) .
When the next meteor hits , we can only hope that it wipes out whoever put dinosaurs on the primary school curriculum .
Good Days
Do you know what got me angry today ?
Nothing .
Not one damn thing .
Woke up , felt OK ate a really good orange .
Walked to work without getting splashed by a bus and I remembered to bring my security pass .
Had a good meeting in the morning , ate creamy lentil soup at lunch and read some interesting reports in the afternoon .
Walked home and drank a premium imported beer .
That 's a pretty good day .
What the hell is the last angry young man supposed to do with a good day ?
Write a poem about it ?
Not bloody likely .
Unicycles
Two - hundred bucks for a unicycle ?
You 've got to be kidding me .
With all the ways you can look like a dumbass for free , why would anyone pay two - hundred bucks for a unicycle ?
Why not just wear your underwear outside your pants ?
You 'd look just as stupid and you 'd still have your two - hundred bucks .
Normal people of the world unite - whenever you see a loser on a unicycle ( i.e. anyone on a unicycle ) push him off , berate him publicly and smash his little idiot - mobile .
Cell - phone Users
It 's not cell - phones themselves , or even cell - phone users in general that I hate .
Mostly it 's just the people who talk about their boring little lives in great big voices .
Should n't they have the good sense not to publicly broadcast what pathetic losers they are ?
From what I can tell , one in every three cell calls is made by a slow - witted , trucker - mouthed girl who just got dumped by her boyfriend .
So while science has n't yet proved it , I know it 's true .
Cell - phone radiation does damage the brain , the parts that control volume , manners and shame .
In a perfect world , it would damage the medulla oblongata , the part that controls breathing .
Cat Poop
Who decided that cats are allowed to poop on my lawn ?
Dogs are n't allowed to .
Dog owners are subject to leash bylaws and stoop and scoop bylaws .
But the neighbourhood cats walk around wherever they want and leave their rotten smelling stool wherever they please .
What kind of fecal double standard is that ?
Why the dog / cat dichotomy ?
More importantly , why does the cat have more privileges than I do ?
I 'm not saying I want to crap on every lawn in the neighborhood , but I 'd like to drop off a little something for that prick with the ten - billion watt stereo and I would n't mind hiding a little nugget in the grass for Mr. six - in - the - morning lawnmower .
And when I 'm done , I 'm wiping my ass with your cat .
Genocide
Does anyone else find it weird that we have a word for the planned extermination of an entire race or ethnic group ?
I 'm no linguistic anthropologist , but I think it 's a good indication that your society is pretty much fucked when you find yourself in need of a word that describes such an occurrence .
Think of all the crazy things we had to come up with words for .
Necrophilia - sex with human corpses .
Holocaust - massive destruction of humans by other humans .
Pedophile - an adult sexually attracted to children .
Infanticide - the act of killing newborn infants .
We felt we had to come up with words for all that sick stuff , but we 've never had to come up with a word for giving someone a free slice of pie .
I think the world could use a word like that .
Pienacious - prone to giving away free pie .
Car Alarms
Before you buy yourself a car alarm , take note of this .
If your alarm goes off , I 'm 800 % more likely to smash your windshield or key your door than I am to try to prevent whatever theft may or may not be occurring .
Have you ever seen a car alarm interrupt a robbery ?
I 've seen police officers walk down the street without turning their heads when an alarm goes off .
It 's not an anti-theft device , it 's a mass public infuriator .
So weigh the slim odds of an alarm saving your car against the near certainty of me sending a garbage can through your driver - side window , and think long and hard about whether installing a car alarm is the right choice for you .
The Running Mate Selection Process
It seems to be an unwritten rule that the Vice President has to be at least 30 % more boring than the President .
It 's why Al Gore was such a great VP .
And it 's the only reason anyone knows who Joe Lieberman is - Can you name one other person 30 % more boring than Gore ?
If Lieberman ever won the Democratic nomination , he 'd pretty much have to dig up a corpse to be his running mate .
Comedy fans get ready for Weekend at Bernie 's III : Party at the Whitehouse .
In the current Democratic race , what this means is that poor old Howard Dean does n't stand a chance of getting the reward he deserves .
Because of the 30 % rule , the excitement and charisma that could have won him the top spot almost certainly disqualify him from being picked as the number two .
That 's why I 'm now rooting for Al Sharpton .
That lunatic makes a monkey covered in fireworks seem dull .
Sharpton / Dean in 2004 !!!
Monster Truck Promotional Material
Sometime between now and when I outgrew my interest in monster trucks ( around the age of 7 ) something strange happened .
According to every current piece of monster truck promotional material , the most famous monster truck in the world is Grave Digger .
What the hell happened to Bigfoot ?
Bigfoot has appeared in Aruba , Australia , Brazil , Canada , Caracao , England , the Faeroe Islands , Iceland , Ireland , Japan , Malaysia , New Zealand , Puerto Rico , Scotland , Thailand , the United States , Venezuela and Wales .
From a 1980 's cartoon to the Franklin Mint , Bigfoot has done it all .
Gravedigger the most famous monster truck in the world ?
As if .
Government Sponsored Athletes
Attention synchronized swimmers - you are a waste of water and spandex .
I can always spot government sponsored athletes , because they participate in sports that no one gives a crap about .
The professional luge circuit pays about what you would expect it to , so athletes rely in part on government funding to be able to participate in their sport .
But in spite of that generosity , I have never in my life heard an amateur athlete thank the government or the taxpayers .
They should be kissing the feet of everyone who has ever paid taxes .
That 's money out of our pockets that pays for them to play games for a living .
Sure your grandma 's social security check wo n't cover the heating bill , but David Leoni shaved 8 seconds of his 7.5 km biathlon .
Awesome .
Just what the country needed .
In missions , shelters and foodbanks across the country , people are doing real work for no money at all .
The next athlete to complain about a lack of public funding gets a bobsled stuffed where the sun do n't shine .
Gillette
The makers of the Sensor , Sensor Excel , Mach 3 , and Mach 3 Turbo raise the question : how many ways are there to drag sharp metal across your face ?
I was pretty happy and pretty well - shaven back when I was dragging a measly two blades across my delicate visage .
But that was n't good enough for the lads down at Gillette .
They wanted to give me the privilege of shaving with at least 3 blades , 5 weird little rubber fins and a thin blue lubricating strip .
Oh , and just to be nice , they 're going to charge me about a million dollars for each replaceable cartridge .
And they wo n't last more than 2 shaves before they work worse than a single - bladed disposable .
When will it end ?
How many blades do we really need ?
I suggest they save us all the trouble of incremental growth and skip right to the Gillette Excel Mach 47 Turbo Super Deluxe - 47 blades , 8 space aged lasers and 24 acid strips that shave you to the bone and leave your skull sexily smooth with less irritation , even when shaving against the grain .
Janet Jackson's Boob
I have to admit that I did n't even notice Janet was exposed at the time .
I could n't see anything .
Certainly not anything to get angry about .
If only the brouhaha that ensued had been so easy to miss .
But the self - righteous preaching of a bunch of delicate busy - bodies did n't make me all that angry either .
So what was it about this whole half - time affair that boiled the blood of the Last Angry Young Man ?
Just one little thing .
Janet 's haggard old boob , by popping out at the Superbowl , effectively ruined any chance sports fans had of viewing Beyoncé 's much more attractive boobies at the NBA Allstar game .
Pity .
Convenience Fees
The banks would have to work pretty hard come up with a more insulting way of taking my $ 1.50 than calling it a convenience fee .
How retarded do they think I am ?
It should be called the thick broomhandle vigorous anal probe fee , because it has more in common with a vigorous anal probing from a thick broomhandle than it does with convenience .
Splinters and all .
What would they call it if they kicked me in the junk every time I wanted to withdraw some of my money ?
The Swedish massage fee ?
Banks , consider yourself warned .
This is bullshit .
You know it .
I know it .
And it wo n't be long before I 'm going to have to do something about it .
The Colborne Big Apple
If you 've spent any time on Ontario 's Highway 401 , you 've no doubt seen the big apple .
You could n't miss it if you wanted to .
And believe me , you want to .
It 's about thirty - five feet tall and resembles an apple only in that it is red and round .
It could just have easily been called the big tomato , the big pomegranate , or the humongous cherry .
With millions of people driving down the 401 every year , I know hundreds of thousands of dorks in minivans are making Big Apple jokes .
You 've probably thought of a couple already .
Keep them to yourself .
If I 'm ever filthy rich , I 'm going to buy a piece of land right down the rode from Colborne and build a slightly bigger apple .
Thirty - five feet two inches .
Colborne , your days are numbered .
Newspaper Articles About the Newspaper
I can't think of anything less interesting than the newspaper business .
But thanks to the good people at the newspaper , I constantly read all about it .
Every time someone wins an award or edges ahead in the readership race , it 's considered front page news .
But for the massively overwhelming majority of us who do n't work at newspapers , it 's about as interesting as a pizza flyer .
The editor of the Times does n't give a shit about my day at work ; what makes him think I give a shit about his ?
It 's blatant self - indulgence , a masturbatory exercise .
Everyone else in the world masturbates in private , newspaper editors should too .
Low - Carb Beer Drinkers
At first I could n't believe the beer companies were dumb enough to make this .
Then I could n't believe that people were dumb enough to buy it .
How many carbs does a regular beer have ?
You have no idea .
Seven ?
Four hundred ?
But you 're convinced that low - carb beer will help you lose weight .
Your problem is not that beer has too many carbohydrates , your problem is that you drink too much , you drunken tubby bastard .
UPDATE : Angryman is right , people have no frickin ' idea what carbs are News Stories About Siamese Twins
Are we still living in the 1920's when medical rarities constituted fascinating stories ?
Are Barnum and Bailey programming the news ?
It 's just two people stuck together .
Sometimes the doctors can separate them ; sometimes they can't .
Leave 'em alone .
What bugs me even more is news stories about " conjoined twins " .
Producers who are quite prepared to parade people around the six o'clock freakshow news do n't want to offend anyone by calling them Siamese .
Until two people who are n't conjoined decide to get stitched together , I do n't want to hear another story about Siamese twins .
Standing Ovations
I should n't have to hate standing ovations .
But good lord do I ever .
Tony Blair , when addressing the US Congress received 19 standing ovations during his 32 minute speech .
George Bush received 6 in the first six minutes of the last state of the union address .
A standing ovation is meant to be reserved for the best of the best .
This should automatically exclude the following from receiving them : 1 ) all school productions ( I 've seen your kids , they 're not that cute ) 2 ) speeches by presidents who say " nukular " 3 ) concerts from local musicians 4 ) amateur plays .
Most performers and speakers are n't that good and you devalue those who are when you arbitrarily dish out standing o's .
I propose that everybody get a lifetime quota of three ovations that they can bestow on performers .
No more .
It might make people think twice before they stand up and start clapping like idiots for a kid hitting a tambourine .
Avalanche Safety Advocates
Originally I was planning to put avalanche victims on the list , but that was a bit harsh even for me .
The key message here is if you do n't like avalanches , stay the hell off snowy mountains .
Did you know that as you 're reading this , people are lobbying to get funding increased for avalanche awareness , avalanche safety and daily avalanche reports ?
I can understand that it 's very sad to lose a loved one in an avalanche , but if your loved ones hang out in avalanche - prone mountainous areas , this is the kind of thing that happens .
Here 's your avalanche report : move to Texas .
Oprah
Few things in life make me angrier than Oprah Winfrey .
I find it faith - shakingly disturbing that tens of millions of women turn to an overweight former local television reporter with an enormous head and an even bigger ass for the final word on moral , ethical , spiritual and educational matters .
She has a lot of fans .
The word fan is derived from fanatic , the same word we use to describe people who commit mass murder as an act of devotion .
If you can find a word that describes the show - opening frenzy of screaming and cheering better than fanaticism , please let me know .
And what qualifies Oprah to be the leader of this brainless mass of hysterically shrieking devotees ?
She 's good at selling advertising .
It 's the only measure of success in the TV business , and the only reason anyone stays on the air .
Oprah's Book Club
Here 's a tip for aspiring authors : if you want to sell a million copies , write a novel about a sexual abuse victim dying of breast cancer .
Instant book club selection .
Instant best seller .
It could be the worst book ever written and it would n't matter .
American Bombs
The bombs that the United States is dropping these days are more expensive than the things they 're blowing up .
It would have been cheaper to buy Iraq than it was to demolish it .
Here 's your money , and we want all you Iraqis out of here by Friday .
Explain to me why it 's more acceptable to spend taxpayers money killing people than helping people .
But in the age when governments cut welfare and throw vagrants in jail , I guess I can't be surprised .
Young Fogies
Robertson
Davies once complained that the world is full of young fogies , " ... men who look young and everlastingly harp on the fact that they are young , but who nevertheless think and act with a degree of caution that would be excessive in their grandfathers . "
Damn right Robertson .
I hate these people too .
They say things like " because that 's the way we 've always done it " in their first week on the job .
They obey the law without understanding the law .
They like to reach consensus in order to spread the blame around .
They remind you ad nauseam about the dangers of rushing in but are blind to the dangers of delay .
They like to wait and see .
They are dicks .
George Bush
It 's embarrassingly cliche to even say it , but George Bush makes me angry .
Who else could tell Congress that they must " restrain spending and act in a fiscally responsible manner " in the same week that he announced his intent to ramp up the Star Wars system , build a moon base and send a manned mission to Mars ?
There are over 291 million people living in the United States of America .
This is the guy they put in charge .
How did he even make the short list ?
He 's not the smartest American , or the most organised , or the most inspirational or the best spoken , not the best looking , not the most economically savvy , and he 's demonstrated precious little service to his country .
I 'd be happier to see a President chosen using any of those selection criteria .
I 'd be happier to see the American Idol run the country .
There 's something wrong with George Bush , and there 's something wrong with a system that selects him to lead a country .
The Porn Industry
I 'm not mad at the porn industry for making porn , I 'm mad at them for making porn boring .
If your job was to make movies and websites featuring attractive naked women , would n't you put a little effort into it ?
I 've seen busdrivers , garbagemen and falafel - shop guys who do their jobs with dedication and panache .
Ca n't we expect the same from pornographers ?
For some non-formulaic interent porno , check out Suicide Girls to see how interesting porn can be when the models are in control rather than being manipulated by fat old white guys .
Or try reading some porn at Literotica .
Cold Weather
Do you know how cold it was in Ottawa last week ?
Forty - five degrees Celcius below zero .
That is so incredibly cold .
On my way home from work , afraid that I would n't survive the 15 minute walk , I started to think about just how cold - 45 is .
Think of ice .
I think we can all agree that ice is pretty cold .
Ice is in fact synonymous with extreme cold .
Ice is zero degrees Celcius .
Last week the air was 45 degrees colder than ice .
How nuts is that ?
Okay , it 's that end - of - year time agan .
Time to reflect back on all that 's happened this year and plan for the next .
I was going through my weblogs this morning and decided it would be fun to pull out the most - hit pages and make a Letterman - esque Top 10 list .
Note that I did a straight ranking of pages , irrespective of the date they were created , ignoring things like monthly index pages or the books page .
About half the pages were from 2004 .
Possibly , this reflects the amount of time these pages have been available ; some newer pages suffer because there simply has n't been enough time for them to garner enough hits and because there are fewer back - links to them .
Be that as it may , here 's the roundup !
10 -- More RAD
Thoughts .
A discussion of some feedback on an earlier post about RAD development in Lisp .
Also , I cover some thoughts on the various license terms of commercial Lisp implementations .
9 -- XML + ASN.1 = faster ?
( or Stones Don't Float ) .
A discussion of Fast Infoset and the idea of XML compression in general .
8 -- More REST and continuations .
A quick hit announcement of Anton van Straaten 's talk about REST and continuations at LL4 .
One of the comments gives a link to the slides .
7 -- Lisp RAD .
The original post wondering about Lisp RAD that prompted the follow - up at # 10 .
Hmmm ... I wonder where SK8 is today ?
I have n't heard anything about it in a while .
6 -- Moving to the darcs side .
A discussion about the darcs revision control system and a comparison of it to Arch .
I think this post has been popular because it made its way onto the darcs wiki .
I should write some more about my experience with darcs .
The summary is that it has been quite positive .
I use darcs all the time now and I find it quite nice .
I do n't think it takes the place of Subversion for some larger , more centralized projects , but it 's great for a small group of developers or people doing distributed development .
I have noticed that a lot of Lisp projects that once used Arch have now gone over to the darcs side , too .
5 -- Darcs and Arch revisited .
A follow - up to the original darcs posting with more info about my experiences .
4 -- Web application design : the REST of the story .
This posting describes the REST web application architecture in some detail .
I think this posting has gotten a bunch of cross-links in the web development community , particularly in the REST vs. continuations debate .
Following this , Marco Barringer , the author of Uncommon Web ( UCW ) , and I ended up going back - and - forth regarding REST and continuations in a long email exchange .
3 -- DNS Message Decoding : A Case Study Comparing Java and Common Lisp .
Written May of 2004 , this posting continues to be a favorite , which is quite remarkable because it 's actually a bit burried on the Finding Lisp site , mentioned in just a single blog posting with no top - level links .
This posting is a comparison I did of the DNS packet decoding code I wrote in Lisp for my Resolver library versus some similar code I once wrote in Java .
I did this comparison to convince myself that what Paul Graham and others have said about Lisp reducing the amount of code you have to write was actually true .
In this case , Lisp certainly took down Java .
2 -- ILC 2005 , Wednesday report ( late ) .
This posting chronicles part of my experience at this year 's ILC at Stanford .
In short , this was a fun conference , for a couple of reasons .
First , many of the talks were quite enjoyable , even ( particularly ? ) the ones with some controversial content ( Patrick Dussud 's Re-inventing Lisp for Ubiquity comes to mind -- " He 's a witch !
Burn him ! " ;-) .
Second , I got to meet a bunch of nice people face - to - face ( among many others , Mastenbrook , Wiseman , Fix , O'Connor , Tilton , Costanza , and Seibel , whom I had already met at various BA Lispniks events , but who signed my copy of Practical Common Lisp ) .
1 -- Reddit and Lisp psychosis .
Well , what can I say .
In spite of being written only a couple weeks ago , this was far - and - away the top runner this year .
The response to this post bowled me over .
I somehow got to the # 1 ranking on Reddit for a couple days ( before the copulating deaf couple knocked me out ;-) , which garnered a bunch of visibility for this blog , some of which seems to have stuck .
Hello to the new readers .
Further , it seems to have struck a cord with a bunch of people that have been harboring frustration with Lisp 's " freeze - dried - since - 1994 " state .
All the energy surrounding the Reddit event , not necessarily my posting , seems to have erupted into a flurry of activity , including the completion of a port of SBCL to Windows , the CL Gardeners project , and my own work on network programming APIs ( and I 'm sure even more projects that I have n't even heard about yet ) .
Here 's to an industrious 2006 .
Happy New Year !
Mary Baker and Ruth Neikirk love to cook .
What 's more , they love to cook for poor people .
They do it frequently , preparing meals at home and bringing them to their church in Virginia .
" I love it , " Mary says .
" I can take a little bit of something , like a soup bone ?
And I can make a whooole pot of something .
Tastes good .
With some cornbread you got 'em a meal ! "
The people they cook for love it too .
But there 's a problem .
It was " criminal activity . "
The Fairfax County health department points out that -- horrors -- Mary and Ruth are actually preparing food and serving it to people !
Without a license !
That 's not safe , said the health department .
What if there 's food poisoning ?
Hundreds of pages of regulation say that if you want to serve food to the public , you need a food - manager certificate , a ware - washing machine ( with internal baffles ) , drain - boards , ventilation - hood systems , a sink with at least three compartments , as well as a hand - washing sink , can openers with removable parts , and much more , for page after page .
The county health department was n't being capricious .
It was just enforcing its rules .
There had been a complaint .
No one had gotten sick , but an " advocate for the homeless " noticed that church kitchens , which appeared sparkling clean to my ABC team , did n't meet " code . "
" You 've got to be kidding , give us a break , " the Rev. Judy Fender told us .
" We can fix a nice meal here , but we can't serve it ! "
The health department said it was just looking out for the homeless .
But did the officials ever think about where street people eat when they do n't eat at these churches ?
" They 've never stopped me from eating out of a dumpster or a trash can , " says James , an astute homeless man who understands Henry Hazlitt 's " economics in one lesson , " namely , look for the secondary results of government policy .
The government can close down the church kitchens , but that 'll only send the poor to the garbage cans .
Is that better ?
" Some of them take their jobs just a little too seriously , " said James .
" They got nothing better to do than sit around and write legislation . "
James has put his finger on another important point : the perverse incentives facing bureaucrats , who get no credit if they never meddle in our peaceful activities .
An old , near - toothless man agreed with James .
" I thought they was crazy .
I mean , they 're [ the church people ] helping people , and they 're trying to stop it . "
Rev.
Fender added , " They 've set up a situation that you have to have a $ 40,000 kitchen to feed someone who 's going to get their food from questionable sources at best . "
Rev. Kathleen Chesson said her First Christian Church would not obey the rules .
" Our agenda is to feed the hungry .
We 're going to feed the hungry .
That 's it . "
Before I could confront the county officials about this ridiculous situation , the bad publicity had already prompted a reconsideration .
" I got up and saw my morning newspaper and was horrified , " said Gerry Connolly , who heads the county government .
" I think sometimes the rules overpower common sense . "
I asked him ,
What if the health department had been around when Jesus was feeding the poor ?
" He might have been , you know , cited , " Connolly replied with a laugh .
So this story has a happy ending : Connolly exempted churches from the regulations .
But let 's not celebrate .
" Fairfax is stepping back , " James said .
" They 're saying they 're not going to enforce it ... for now .
This year .
What about next year ? "
Again , that 's a pretty astute analysis .
If you catch the attention of the media , you can bask in your government leader 's forgiveness .
But what about next year , and what about the rest of us who are still stuck with all the rules ?
The rules are well - intended .
They 're meant to make sure the public is safe .
But rule - makers tend to forget that their rules have unintended consequences .
And , as James pointed out , eating out of dumpsters is more dangerous than eating at a church without a three - compartment sink .
Adobe , Mozilla , and Tamarin
By now the press release has gone out announcing Adobe 's contribution to the Mozilla project of open source code for their ActionScript Virtual Machine ( AVM2 ) , and Brendan has blogged about it .
I 'm not directly involved with the project itself but have spent a few days reviewing press materials and doing press interviews , so I 've had a chance to think about the significance of this announcement and what it means for the Mozilla project and for the web at large .
Here are some of my thoughts .
The basics
First , a brief review of what this announcement is about ( and what it 's not about ) .
( I apologize for repeating material from the press release and elsewhere ; I 've found in the past that one can't always assume that people have actually read such material . )
Adobe 's Flash player executes applications written in ActionScript , a programming language that ( in its current version , ActionScript 3.0 ) is based on the ECMAScript language specification and is therefore a sibling to JavaScript .
As part of Flash Player 9 Adobe introduced a new virtual machine ( AVM2 ) for executing ActionScript applications ; among other things , AVM2 features a Just In Time ( JIT ) compiler that can convert ActionScript bytecode ( the form into which ActionScript is initially compiled ) into native machine instructions for much faster execution of ActionScript 3.0 applications .
Adobe has now taken the code for that AVM2 virtual machine implementation and released it as open source through the Mozilla project as Tamarin .
Adobe will continue to develop the Tamarin code , working with other developers from the Mozilla community , and will be using it as the basis of the ActionScript virtual machine in future versions of their own products .
The Mozilla project will use Tamarin as part of future versions of SpiderMonkey , the C - based JavaScript engine used in Firefox and other applications , and will include it in future versions of Firefox ( beyond Firefox 3 ) that are built using Mozilla 2 technology .
( The name Tamarin continues the Mozilla tradition of monkey - themed projects , including of course SpiderMonkey itself ; like SpiderMonkey , Tamarin is a code name , not a trademark .
As noted on the Tamarin project page , we thank Ben Parker for his generosity in allowing us to reuse the name of his existing Tamarin framework for development of Java Swing applications . )
Note that Tamarin is not an open source version of the Flash player ; it is simply the virtual machine embedded within Flash Player 9 , and does not include all the other components that make up Flash ( including the bits that display graphics and play music and video ) .
Adobe will continue to develop and distribute the Flash player on its own as a product separate from Firefox itself .
What it all means
What does this all mean ?
Let 's start with users of Firefox and other applications based on Mozilla technology .
They 'll get future versions of Firefox and other Mozilla - based products that will run JavaScript - based applications significantly faster , including in particular AJAX - enabled web applications commonly thought of in connection with the Web 2.0 meme .
( In its own testing Adobe has seen up to a ten times speedup of ActionScript applications due to the introduction of the AVM2 technology . )
Since Firefox and Firefox extensions are partly written in JavaScript ( as are other applications built on Mozilla 's XUL technology ) , users will also likely see performance gains in some areas of Firefox itself .
Developers of web applications and XUL - based applications will also realize the benefits of improved performance ; they 'll be able to develop and deploy new and innovative applications for which the performance demands on current JavaScript engines are just too great .
They 'll also be able to take advantage of new JavaScript language features coming with ECMAScript 4th Edition , and in addition will be more able to leverage their knowledge of JavaScript in developing Flash applications using ActionScript ( or vice versa ) .
Finally , the Mozilla project will gain yet another major corporate contributor in Adobe , one that 's made the largest single code contribution to the project since Netscape originally released the Mozilla source code in 1998 .
Not only do we gain an important new piece of technology that 's critical to our products , we and Adobe both gain the benefit of being able to more closely work together on ECMAScript language technology and avoid unnecessary duplication of efforts ; this in turn will allow both the Mozilla project and Adobe to put more resources into other areas important for future innovations .
For Adobe , Mozilla , and others who might join in future , the Tamarin project represents for client - side web technology what the so - called LAMP stack does for server - side web technology : a move to not only centralize development around key specifications ( ECMAScript for Tamarin , HTTP , SQL , etc. , for the LAMP stack ) but also to jointly develop and promote high - quality open source implementations of those specifications .
Cooperating on such efforts helps grow the larger commercial and noncommercial ecosystems around the relevant technologies , to the ultimate benefit of all users of the web .
In praise of sustaining innovations
Some might read the above and say , So Tamarin will enable web applications to run faster , maybe even an order of magnitude faster , and make JavaScript and ActionScript more compatible ; what 's the big deal ?
We 're conditioned to look for world changing , break the mold developments in technology and to dismiss merely incremental improvements .
To use the terms popularized by Clayton Christensen , we think disruptive innovations are sexy , and sustaining innovations are not .
I believe this is a serious mistake .
First , the terms disruptive and sustaining are n't indicators of the technical merit of innovations ; they simply indicate whether the degree to which innovations better satisfy the needs of existing customers ( sustaining innovations ) vs. appealing to new customers ( disruptive innovations ) .
In this sense even something as wonderful as Firefox is better viewed as a sustaining innovation than a disruptive innovation , as I 've previously discussed .
Second , the cumulative impact of multiple sustaining innovations can be quite large , and can enable new disruptive innovations to take root and flourish .
For example , as many people have pointed out , at least in theory Web 2.0 - style applications could have been developed many years before they in fact appeared .
The advent of Web 2.0 as we know it was really a function of multiple sustaining innovations that accumulated over time and interacted together :
incremental browser features like XMLHttpRequest that enabled basic AJAX techniques to be developed
continuous improvements in the performance , stability , and standards compliance of web browsers , which enabled cross-platform dynamic web applications to be more easily developed and debugged
continuous improvements in the cost and performance of server - side hardware and software , which enabled organizations to deploy significant web applications without multi-million dollar investments
continuous improvements in the ability of organizations to economically manage large numbers of servers , which enabled Google and others to deploy dynamic web applications reaching hundreds of millions of users
continuous improvements in the cost , performance , and ubiquity of broadband connections , which enabled more people to run dynamic web applications and actually enjoy the experience
Within each of these areas the individual innovations were relatively small : a minor cost or performance improvement made , a few more browser bugs fixed or new browser features added , a few million more broadband connections provisioned .
But in toto these innovations added up to nothing less than a revolution in the way the web can be used .
In this sense everyone who contributes to the Mozilla project–fixing a Mozilla bug , making a performance improvement in Mozilla code ( no matter how small ) , enabling Mozilla - based products to pass yet another standards compliance test , writing a Mozilla test case , creating or revising a Mozilla documentation page , and so on–helps change the future of the web and advance our goal of promoting choice and innovation on the Internet , to the ultimate benefit of everyone .
Adobe is the latest such contributor , and most definitely a significant one ; we thank them for their contribution and welcome them to the Mozilla project .
Please join me in doing likewise !
When I was originally writing the DOM Scripting book , its scope was very clear - it was to be an introductory work on JavaScript and the Document Object Model , with an emphasis on best practices .
I made a conscious decision not to cover advanced topics like XMLHttpRequest .
But as the writing of the book progressed , Ajax really began to explode .
It became clear that I ’d have to at least mention the subject , even if I could n’t cover it in detail .
That ’s where the book ’s final chapter came from .
I felt it was important to hammer home a point I had been trying to make throughout the book , namely that progressive enhancement automatically guarantees graceful degradation .
I was concerned that developers who agreed with this principle when it came to CSS or DOM Scripting , cast it aside as soon as Ajax was involved .
“ It ’s a whole different ball game ” , cried the excited developers .
“ See , these are n’t web pages , it ’s a web application . ”
But most applications , web - based or not , still work on a document basis .
Think Word , email , even Photoshop .
You ’re still manipulating a file .
What Ajax brings to the table is the ability to manipulate a file on the Web without constantly refreshing the whole thing .
Web applications and web pages are not mutually exclusive .
One is built on top of the other .
Far too often , the builders of web applications concentrate on the “ application ” part to the detriment of the “ web ” part .
There are many definitions of the Ajax methodology floating around , but mine is very basic indeed :
The ability to update part of a page instead of the whole page
( and , yes , I do realise that , by that definition , framesets and Flash fall under the Ajax umbrella . )
Now , depending on how your mind works , you could apply that definition in one of two ways .
You could say :
“ What ’s the big deal ?
Ajax is just the ability to update part of a page instead of the whole page . ”
Or you could say :
“ OMG !
With Ajax , you can update part of the page instead of the whole page ! ”
Both viewpoints are valid .
The value of Ajax lies in - between .
It lies in the ability to appreciate the power that comes with being able to make asynchronous requests to the server without a page refresh , while at the same time always bearing in mind that you are still dealing with documents .
If that ’s your mindset , then building Ajax applications that degrade gracefully becomes a no - brainer .
I wrote some time back about progressive enhancement with Ajax .
It ’s a very simple idea :
First , build an old - fashioned website that uses hyperlinks and forms to pass information to the server .
The server returns whole new pages with each request .
Now , use JavaScript to intercept those links and form submissions and pass the information via XMLHttpRequest instead .
You can then select which parts of the page need to be updated instead of updating the whole page .
I ’ve even got a nice shiny buzzword for this technique : Hijax .
Of course , it ’s not quite as simple as all that .
You need to make sure that your server - side architecture is quite modular : capable of returning entire pages or portions of pages ( hint : APIs are cool . )
There seems to be an inherent paradox in saying that you need to think about your server - side architecture but you should just be building old - fashioned page by page submissions before hijacking them with Ajax .
But the paradox can be resolved if you think about Hijax this way :
Plan for Ajax from the start .
Implement Ajax at the end .
If you build your Ajax apps like that , you can have a Web 2.0 app and a Web 1.0 website , as recently tested by Chad Dickerson .
He ran two Ajax apps ( Gmail and Backpackit ) through Lynx , the text - based browser .
Gmail fails miserably , Backpackit works just fine .
You can try the same test on my own little Ajax / Hijax app , Adactio Elsewhere .
Run it through Lynx , run it through a mobile browser ; all the functionality is still there just without the partial - page benefits of Ajax .
Thomas Vander
Wal sums up the situation with Ajax apps nicely :
“ But , it must degrade well .
It must still be accessible .
It must be usable .
If not , it is a cool useless piece of rubbish for some or many people . ”
If you ’re serious about using Ajax in a way that degrades gracefully , think Hijax .
If you want hands - on , in - depth instruction on Ajax , Hijax , progressive enhancement and graceful degradation , come along to my Ajax workshop in London on February 10th .
Posted by Jeremy on Sunday , January 1st , 2006 at 7:40 pm
先日、ちょっとした遠隔教育をする必要があった。Linux上でソフトウェアをビルドするデモを見せて欲しいと同僚が言ってきたのだ。問題は一つ。私が東海岸、彼が西海岸にいたことだ。さて、ビルドとインストールの方法をどうやって彼に見せようか。いくつかの候補を検討した結果、私たちは
GNU Screen を使うことにした 。
私たちが最初に考えた候補は、標 準Unixユーティリティの script を使ってログをとるという案だ。しかし script はいくつかの問題点を抱えている。例えば、結果の出力がすさまじい（
script は、キャリッジリターンや訂正を含めた何から何までを保存する）という、無視しがたい問題点がある。加えて、 script ではインタラクティブ性が完全になくなる。同僚が質問したかったり、説明を必要としたら、後から電子メールでのやり取りが必要になっただろう。これでは彼にとっても私にとってもイライラが募る。
次に検討した候補は、VNCだ。VNCを使った場合、同僚が私のディスプレイへと接続し、彼と私とで、マウスとキーボードを交互に使うことになる。しかしこの方法は過剰に思えた。というのも、私が見せたかったのは純粋にコマンドラインでの作業だったからだ。それにVNCセッションのログを生成するのもややこしいことになっただろう。さらに技術上の制約から、このデモのために彼が私のマシンへと接続する唯一の方法が単純なSSH接続であったため、解決法は純粋にコマンドラインのものである必要があった。
最後に辿り着いた候補はscreenだ。最終的に私たちはscreenを使うことに決めた。screenは、口で説明されてもピンと来ないが、実行されているところを見れば、その非凡さに驚嘆するという類いのツールの一つだ。screenの公式ウェブサイトの説明を見ても今一分かりにくい。
screenは、物理端末を複数のプロセス（典型的にはインタラクティブシェル）間で多重化する、フルスクリーンのウィンドウマネージャです。
基本的にはこういうことだ。screenを使うと、実際のxtermやコンソール画面へと接続されていない、仮想的な端末を作成することができる。そしてシェルとそのシェル上で実行中のプロセスを保存しつつ、screenのセッションから接続を切ったり、どこか別の場所から再接続したりすることができる。（screenの入門としては、このLinux.comの記事を参照のこと。）
しかもこれは、screenのパワフルさや柔軟性のほんの一端でしかない。例えば、screenに引数 -x を与えると、1つのscreenセッションに複数のプロセスから接続が可能になる。つまり、例えば仕事場で（screen上の）端末内で実行しているメールプログラムをそのままにしておき、家に帰って家から接続しても、同じプロセスを使って仕事場での続きからメールを読むことができるということだ。仕事場で接続を切る必要はなく、翌朝、仕事場に戻ってきたときには、家で変更した全状態が完全に反映されていて、昨夜、家で最後にメーラを使った状態がそのまま再現されている。
この機能 は 「マルチディスプレイモード」と呼ばれているものだが、screenではそれをさらに発展させて「マルチユーザモード」と呼ばれるモードも備えている。「マルチユーザモード」では、二人以上のユーザが同じ一つのscreenセッションへと接続し読み書きすることができる。ただ、このモードが抱える問題点は、セットアップの方法が分かりにくいということだ。そこで以下に、Googleサーチにも助けを借りてやっとのことで把握したことを示す。
screenのバイナリ（/usr/bin/screen）をsetuid rootに設定する。screenはデフォルトでは、（セキュリティホールになる可能性があるため）setuidビットがオフの状態でインストールされている。
教師側がscreenを（例えば screen - S SessionName として）ローカ ルのxtermで起動する。 - S スイッチによりセッションに名前が与えられ、複数のscreenセッションの管理が楽になる。 生徒側が、SSHを使用して教師側のコンピュータに接続する。 教師側が、 Ctrl- a : multiuser on （screenのコマンドはすべてscreenのエスケープシーケンスである
Ctrl-a から始まる）というコマンドによってscreenのセッション内でのマルチユーザアクセスを許可する。 教師側が Ctrl - a : acladd student （studentは、生徒のログイン名）とし、screenセッションへのアクセスを生徒側ユーザに対し許可する。
ここまでで生徒側が教師側のscreenセッションに接続することが可能になった。実際に接続するには、（自分のscreenセッションではなく、他のユーザのセッションに接続することになるので、ユーザ名を指定して） screen -x username / session とする 。
この時点で教師側と生徒側の両方がセッションの読み書きをできるようになったことになる。ただしこれにはセキュリティ上の問題が潜んでいることに注意しよう。生徒が教師同様にセッションに読み書きすることができるので、もしかしたらシステムにダメージを与える何らかのことを生徒が行なうことができてしまうかもしれない。自分の生徒を信頼できない場合には、おそらく、いつも使っているログインアカウントとは別の、特別な教師用アカウントを使用するべきだろう。あるいは、生徒からは教師のセッションの読み取りのみを可にしておくことも一つの手だ。そうするためには、「
Ctrl - a : aclchg student -w " # " 」のように、screenのコマンド 「 aclchg 」を使用して生徒の書き込み権限を削除する。これにより生徒は教師の動作を見ることのみができるようになる。そうようなことをしない場合、教師は生徒を完全に信頼して自由に作業させる、ということを意味する。
ここでの例は教師側と生徒側がそれぞれ一人ずつの場合に基づいているが、1つのセッションには複数のユーザが接続することもできる。教師側と生徒側をともに複数人にすることも可能だ。
さて、教師と生徒との質疑応答はどうするのか？まあ私たちの場合は電話を使ったのだが、インスタントメッセージやIRCやVoIPを使って質疑応答を行なうことも可能だろう。また、screenのマルチユーザセッションにはメッセージ機能も用意されている。
Ctrl - a : wall message とすることで、同 じscreenセッションに接続している全ユーザに対してメッセージを書き込むことができる。screenのメッセージ機能を使用する上での問題点は、端末状態行（terminal status line）を使用するということだ。xtermの場合、端末状態行はウィンドウのタイトルバーの場所に当たるため、ウィンドウマネージャによっては分かりにくいかもしれない。
screenを指導用ツールとして使用するための最後の仕上げはログだ。同僚と私には端末の全出力のログがあったため、後で疑問が湧いた場合でも自分達が行なったことの正確な記録があった。前述したように、標準Unixツールのscriptを利用するというのも確かに一つの手ではあるが、scriptは非常に貧弱なツールであり、あまり読みやすい出力をしない。また、例えばテキストエディタのようなフルスクリーンのツールを実行したい場合に、セッション内でログ機能のオン・オフを切り替えることができない。
幸いにもscreenにはscriptよりも洗練され充実したログ機能がついている。screenのログ機能では、
Ctrl -a
H でいつでもオン・オフを切り替えることができる。あるいは
- L スイッチを使用して、最初からログ機能をオンにした状態でscreenを起動することもできる。ログファイルは、「screenlog.n」という名前でカレントディレクトリに生成される（nは、新しいログファイルになる度に1を増加した数になる）。
ログファイルの中身には、セッションで出力された文字がすべて含まれていて、評価・適用済みの訂正やカーソルを移動するための文字も含まれている。一つ注意すべきことは、画面に制御シーケンスを送るプログラムが出力を混乱させてしまうことがまだあるということだ。この例としては、デフォルトで出力に色を付けるGNU lsがある。以下のようなbashのエイリアスを使って、この機能をオフにしておくと良いだろう。
alias ls='ls -- color=none '
以上で、すべての準備が整った。あらゆるコマンドラインベースの命令について、複数のユーザでscreenのセッションを共有することができるようになった。また、教師はいつでも、他のユーザ（生徒）のアクセスを読み取りのみ可に変更してセッションへの書き込み権限を自分だけが持つようにすることができるようになった。さらに、screen内でのログ機能をオンにして、セッション全体（あるいは、そう望むなら、セッションの一部のみ）の正確で便利なログを得ることができるようになった。
遠隔教育という今回の目的のために、screenはきわめて有効に働くことが分かった。そして同僚もその結果に満足した。screenは非常にパワフルで柔軟であるため、screenの一部のオプションや使い方は分かりづらい。しかし私はこのツールをこれからも使っていこうと思っており、同様の状況にある方々にも是非お奨めする。
NewsForge.com 原文
BBC Horizon : ' A War on Science ' was broadcast on BBC Two at 2100GMT on Thursday , 26 January 2006
From the BBC News report " Britons unconvinced on evolution " :
Just under half of Britons accept the theory of evolution as the best description for the development of life , according to an opinion poll .
Furthermore , more than 40 % of those questioned believe that creationism or intelligent design ( ID ) should be taught in school science lessons .
The survey was conducted by Ipsos MORI for the BBC's Horizon series .
Its latest programme , ' A War on Science ' , looks into the attempt to introduce ID into science classes in the US .
From the BBC Horizon ' A War on Science ' webpage :
When Charles Darwin published his theory of evolution nearly 150 years ago , he shattered the dominant belief of his day - that humans were the product of divine creation .
Through his observations of nature , Darwin proposed the theory of evolution by natural selection .
This caused uproar .
After all , if the story of creation could be doubted , so too could the existence of the creator .
Ever since its proposal , this cornerstone of biology has sustained wave after wave of attack .
Now some scientists fear it is facing the most formidable challenge yet : a controversial new theory called intelligent design .
In the late 1980s Phillip Johnson , a renowned lawyer and born - again Christian , began to develop a strategy to challenge Darwin .
To Johnson , the evidence for natural selection was poor .
He also believed that by explaining the world only through material processes was inherently atheistic .
If there was a god , science would never be able to discover it .
Johnson recruited other Darwin doubters , including biochemist Professor Michael Behe , mathematician Dr William Dembski , and philosopher of science Dr Stephen Meyer .
These scientists developed the theory of intelligent design ( ID ) which claims that certain features of the natural world are best explained as the result of an intelligent being .
To him , the presence of miniature machines and digital information found in living cells are evidence of a supernatural creator .
Throughout the 90s , the ID movement took to disseminating articles , books and DVDs and organising conferences all over the world .
To its supporters , intelligent design heralds a revolution in science and the movement is fast gaining political clout .
Not only does it have the support of the President of the United States , it is on the verge of being introduced to science classes across the nation .
However , its many critics , including Professor Richard Dawkins and Sir David Attenborough , fear that it cloaks a religious motive - to replace science with god .
[ Video ]
Technorati : bbc , horizon , richard , dawkins , david , attenborough , theory , evolution , creationism , intelligent design , id , school , science , charles , darwin , belief , natural selection , creator , biology , video , creation , christian , phillip , johnson , michael , behe , william , dembski , stephen , meyer , intelligent , being , god
If watching robots solve a Rubik ’s Cube is n’t interesting enough for you , then check out this short video tutorial .
It basically shows you how to solve a Rubik ’s Cube in 5 - minutes or less .
More information here .
Video after the jump .
If watching robots solve a Rubik ’s Cube is n’t interesting enough for you , then check out this short video tutorial .
It basically shows you how to solve a Rubik ’s Cube in 5 - minutes or less .
More information here .
Video after the jump .
Dr. Smith also asked whether getting richer made people healthier , an effect that could translate into a longer life .
It does not , he concluded after studying the large increases in income during the stock market surge of the 1990s .
“ I find almost no role of financial anything in the onset of disease , ” Dr. Smith says .
“ That ’s an almost throw - you - out - of - the - room thing , ” he confesses , but the data , he and other economists insist , is consistent .
Income , says Dr. Preston , “ is so heavily influenced by health itself . ”
Much More Than Genes and Luck
As director of the National Institute on Aging , Dr. Hodes often speaks to policy makers , giving briefings on the latest scientific findings .
But , he and others say , all too often there is a disconnect .
There are some important findings : Health and nutrition early in life , even prenatally , can affect health in middle and old age and can affect how long people live .
For the most part , genes have little effect on life spans .
Controlling heart disease risk factors , like smoking , cholesterol , blood pressure and diabetes , pays off in a more vigorous old age and a longer life .
And it seems increasingly likely that education plays a major role in health and life spans .
And then there is the question of what to do .
It might seem logical to act now , pouring money into education or child health , for example .
But scientists often say they would like good evidence beforehand that a program that sounds like it would make a difference , like keeping students in school longer , really works .
And if the goal is longer and healthier lives , is that the most cost - effective way to spend public money ?
edward street .
I rented this EFS 10 - 22 lens and loved it .
If I want to buy another lens this will be it .
A former student asked me a few days ago how I learned Ruby on Rails .
The answer was that I simply read alot of great tutorials .
So in the spirit of sharing , here are the 12 tutorials that I found most useful :
Hey , Ruby on Rails Fans !
UPDATE , JUNE 2009 : Want more up - to - date tutorials on Ruby programming ?
OK , we heard you .
By popular demand , Digital Media Minute has a brand new , maintained list of 11 12 more - recent tutorials on both Ruby the language and Rails the framework .
Do n’t miss it !
New Ruby Programming Tutorial section .
Happy Rails developing and if you have any other tutorials that you ’d like to share , please leave them in the comments !
Hiring a President
Skills for the Job
There are many books on leadership ; one I like is Warren Bennis ' On Becoming a Leader .
Bennis cites four competencies that a leader must have :
" Engage others by creating shared meaning " " Have a distinctive voice " " Integrity " " The one competence that I now realize is absolutely essential for leaders -- the key competence -- is adaptive capacity "
For ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , you can make up your own mind ; to get this far , both candidates have shown an ability to connect with their supporters .
For ( 3 ) , I believe both candidates are motivated by public service , have a deep desire to do the right thing , and are driven by ethical and religous convictions .
Kerry is a long - time regular church - goer .
Bush is not , but makes a point of his born - again conversion .
( I should note that other critics are less charitable ; many Democrats and Republicans believe that the other party 's candidate lacks integrity , and many Greens and Libertarians think they 're both bums . )
The big difference between the two candidates , frankly , is that Kerry is trying to view the world as it is , and to choose the best action based on reality .
Bush 's campaign is centered around denying reality and choosing actions despite reality .
In other words , Bush does poorly on the integrity test because he deliberately misleads the American people , and he scores lower on adaptive capacity than anyone I 've ever witnessed .
You might think that each candidate would be clamoring to show how adaptive he is .
In fact , the opposite is true -- Bush highlights his " resolve " , while Kerry combats charges that he " waffles " .
It was only in the first debate that Kerry raised the obvious point that " you can be certain and be wrong . "
Bush , it seems , prefers to be certain , because he can not believe he could be wrong .
This is the opposite of adaptive capacity , and it is a dangerous thing to have in a leader at any level , but especially in the president .
A 10/17/04 NY
Times article by Ron Suskind quotes Republican policy advisor Bruce Bartlett says that Bush " dispenses with people who confront him with inconvenient facts " because " He truly believes he's on a mission from God .
Absolute faith like that overwhelms a need for analysis .
The whole thing about faith is to believe things for which there is no empirical evidence . "
In a CNN interview , Bush supporter Pat Robertson described his meeting with Bush on the eve of the Iraq war : " I warned him about the war .
I had deep misgivings about this war , deep misgivings .
And I was trying to say , `Mr. President , you had better prepare the American people for casualties . ' "
Robertson said that Bush told him " Oh no , we 're not going to have any casualties . "
Similarly ( according to the Suskind article ) , Sen. Joe Biden ( D - DE ) warned Bush about growing problems of winning the peace a few months before the war , but Bush was unconcerned .
Biden finally said " How can you be so sure when you do n't know the facts ? " and Bush replied " My instincts . "
Suskind describes a White House senior advisor explaining all this by pointing out that relying on facts and an analysis of the world is for the " reality - based community " , which the president has gone beyond .
He is part of a new reality - creating community : if he does n't like the facts , he can ignore them , change them , or create a new reality .
This is an astonishing way to do politics , but a disasterous approach to leading the world .
I have to say that I started out with higher hopes for Bush 's adaptive capacity .
One of his first major decisions was on stem cell research .
I initially applauded his decision , which seemed like a reasonable compromise .
Over time , however , we learned from Christopher Reeve , Ron and Nancy Reagan , and a majority of scientists that it was in fact a highly - restrictive decision .
And it was one of the last times we saw a compromise from Bush .
Not that compromises are always the best solution of course , but the problem with Bush is that he does n't consider the facts long enough to arrive at a good solution .
Bush has enjoyed good success with his strategy of ignoring reality -- at least with his supporters .
On a wide variety of issues , his supporters hold incorrect views , either because they believe what Bush has told them , or because they would have to give up their support for Bush if they did n't believe them .
A report by the Program on International Policy at the Univ. of Maryland polled Bush and Kerry supporters on the following issues ; percentage of support for each statement is shown for Bush and Kerry supporters :
Bush Kerry Statement Fact 72 % 26 % Iraq had WMD before the war False ( Duelfer report ) 75 % 30 % Iraq provided substantial support to al Qaeda pre-9/11 False ( 9/11 commission ) 63 % 15 % Clear evidence for Iraq WMD was found False ( no evidence ) 58 % 92 %
War would have been wrong if Iraq had no WMD , was not supporting al Qaeda Matter of opinion 61 % 17 % Bush would not have gone to war under those circumstances Matter of opinion ; probably false 31 % 74 % Majority of world opposes US war in Iraq 38 of 38 countries oppose the war ( Gallup poll ) 9 % 69 % Majority of world favors Kerry victory 30 of 35 countries favor Kerry ( GlobeScan / PIPA poll ) 51 % 21 % Islamic world favors US - led efforts to fight terrorism 11 of 13 countries oppose US efforts ( people- press.org )
This shows that Bush supporters are extremely ill - informed , or that Bush has successfully mislead them on these issues .
The PIPA study goes on to see how accurately supporters view their candidate on policy issues .
Here we show the percentage of Bush or Kerry supporters who think their candidate holds each viewpoint :
Bush Kerry Viewpoint Fact 69 % 77 % Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Bush no ; Kerry yes 72 % 79 % Treaty banning land mines Bush no ; Kerry yes 51 % 74 % Kyoto treaty on climate Bush no ; Kerry yes 53 % 65 % US in Intenational Criminal Court Bush no ; Kerry yes 74 % 81 % Favor labor and environmental standards in trade Bush no ; Kerry yes
In each case , Bush supporters tend to agree with Kerry 's viewpoint ( numbers not shown here ) but falsely believe that Bush agrees with them .
In each case Kerry supporters are accurate in assessing Kerry .
Bush is in a difficult position .
If he admits his mistakes , he stands no chance of re-election .
His only hope is to deny reality and hope his supporters do n't notice .
So far his strategy has kept the race very close , although he still has less than a 50 % approval rating .
But the strategy of ignoring reality does n't make reality go away .
On 10/26/04 we see reports from the Iraqi interim government that " major neglect " by the US military has led to the assassination of 49 Iraqi army recruits .
Earlier , on 10/25/04 , we saw that 380 tons of high explosives are missing , again due to neglect .
Expert Reports
The most surprising endorsement to me was the American Conservative magazine 's endorsement of Kerry .
It is old news when left - wing extremists claim that Bush is a far - right radical , but here one of the leading Conservative magazines is saying that Kerry is closer to traditional conservative ideals than Bush is , stating that " Bush has behaved like a caricature of what a right - wing president is supposed to be , and his continuation in office will discredit any sort of conservatism for generations . " and that " few have paid attention to how much the Bush presidency has degraded the image of the United States in the world .
Of course there has always been anti-Americanism .
...
But Bush has somehow managed to take all these sentiments and turbo - charge them .
...
The poll numbers are shocking .
In countries like Norway , Germany , France , and Spain , Bush is liked by about seven percent of the populace .
In Egypt , recipient of huge piles of American aid in the past two decades , some 98 percent have an unfavorable view of the United States .
It 's the same throughout the Middle East . "
The American Conservative goes on to say " The hatred Bush has generated has helped immeasurably those trying to recruit anti-American terroristbsindeed his policies are the gift to terrorism that keeps on giving , as the sons and brothers of slain Iraqis think how they may eventually take their own revenge .
Only the seriously deluded could fail to see that a policy so central to America 's survival as a free country as getting hold of loose nuclear materials and controlling nuclear proliferation requires the willingness of foreign countries to provide full , 100 percent co-operation .
Making yourself into the world 's most hated country is not an obvious way to secure that help . " and concludes that " George W. Bush has come to embody a politics that is antithetical to almost any kind of thoughtful conservatism . "
The conservative Financial Times also endorsed Kerry , saying " Mr Bush 's flaw is his stubborn reluctance to admit mistakes and to adjust personnel and policy . "
There are many other endorsements and criticisms .
For example , 48 Nobel Laureates Endorse John Kerry because " Unlike previous administrations , Republican and Democratic alike , the Bush administration has ignored unbiased scientific advice in the policy - making that is so important to our collective welfare . "
Again , this points out that Bush lacks adaptive capacity , and is uninterested in considering facts .
Nobel Economist George Akerlof has called the Bush administration " the worst ever " .
Then there are the books :
An anonymous former CIA member 's Imperial Hubris shows how Bush is losing the war on terror .
Nixon staffer John Dean 's Worse than Watergate claims that the secrecy with which Bush and Dick Cheney govern is not merely a preferred system of management but an obsessive strategy meant to conceal a deeply troubling agenda of corporate favoritism and a dramatic growth in unchecked power for the executive branch that put at risk the lives of American citizens , civil liberties , and the Constitution .
Ron Suskind 's The Price of Loyalty chronicles former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill 's dealing with the Bush administration .
O'Neill finds a world out of kilter , in which the president is an uncurious puppet of larger forces .
O'Neill asserts that Saddam Hussein was targeted for removal as soon as Bush took office .
Five - term presidential advisor Richard Clarke 's Against All Enemies points out that Bush ignored the challenge of terrorism before 9/11 , and is still not doing what is necessary to make America safe .
Clarke is one of the most knowledgeable people in the world on the subject and was the nation 's crisis manager on 9/11 .
Perhaps most important of all are the comments by military leaders :
Colin Powell says in a Newsweek article ( 11/1/04 ) that the insurgents are winning in Iraq .
says in a Newsweek article ( 11/1/04 ) that the insurgents are winning in Iraq .
Former president George H. W. Bush wrote in his book A World Transformed that stopping the first Gulf War short of Baghdad was the right decision because " .
We would have been forced to occupy Baghdad and , in effect , rule Iraq .
The coalition would instantly have collapsed , the Arabs deserting it in anger and other allies pulling out as well .
Under the circumstances , there was no viable " exit strategy " we could see , violating another of our principles .
Furthermore , we had been self - consciously trying to set a pattern for handling aggression in the post - Cold War world .
Going in and occupying Iraq , thus unilaterally exceeding the United Nations ' mandate , would have destroyed the precedent of international response to aggression that we hoped to establish .
Had we gone the invasion route , the United States could conceivably still be an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land .
It would have been a dramatically differentb and perhaps barrenb outcome . "
wrote in his book that stopping the first Gulf War short of Baghdad was the right decision because " .
We would have been forced to occupy Baghdad and , in effect , rule Iraq .
The coalition would instantly have collapsed , the Arabs deserting it in anger and other allies pulling out as well .
Under the circumstances , there was no viable " exit strategy " we could see , violating another of our principles .
Furthermore , we had been self - consciously trying to set a pattern for handling aggression in the post - Cold War world .
Going in and occupying Iraq , thus unilaterally exceeding the United Nations ' mandate , would have destroyed the precedent of international response to aggression that we hoped to establish .
Had we gone the invasion route , the United States could conceivably still be an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land .
It would have been a dramatically differentb and perhaps barrenb outcome . "
Former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki was forced into retirement when he called for " several hundred thousand " troops , contradicting Rumsfield 's lowball number .
was forced into retirement when he called for " several hundred thousand " troops , contradicting Rumsfield 's lowball number .
Gen . Tony McPeak , Air Force chief of staff in the first Gulf War , calls Bush 's term " a national disaster " .
, Air Force chief of staff in the first Gulf War , calls Bush 's term " a national disaster " .
Gen. Anthony Zinni said " the former commander of the U.S. Central Command .
" Anyone could know the problems they were going to see .
How could they not ? " .
said " the former commander of the U.S. Central Command .
" Anyone could know the problems they were going to see .
How could they not ? " .
Former U.S. Administrator in Iraq Paul Bremer said that the Bush administration never had enough troops on the ground .
said that the Bush administration never had enough troops on the ground .
A NY Times series of articles by Michael Gordon details many of the errors in planning and execution .
One of the pieces points out that the Jan. 2003 report by the National Intelligence Council prepared a 38 - page assessment of post - war Iraq and mentions the risk of an insurgency only in the last paragraph .
This seems to be an indication of a systemic failure of imagination -- to me it goes right to the top .
Reporter Judd Legum , in The Nation lists 100 facts that point out major mistakes by the Bush administration .
lists 100 facts that point out major mistakes by the Bush administration .
60 Minutes ( 10/31/04 ) reported that the US forces in Iraq are improperly armored ; " the humvees do n't have armor because the DOD did not plan for a long war in Iraq . "
The astounding thing is how well Bush 's " reality - creating " approach has stood up to this criticism .
With any president in my lifetime ( with the possible exception of Reagan ) , any one of these thoughtful criticisms would be enough to cause serious questioning of the president 's competency .
But Bush seems to be skilled at deflecting the criticism by pretending it does n't exist .
On the other side , the Republicans can point to Democrat Zell Miller as a Bush supporter .
The Swift Boat Veterans claim Kerry is Unfit for Command , and they should have their say , but it now seems clear that they are not providing first - hand knowledge of Kerry .
Conclusion
Von Professor Robert Melamede , Ph.D. Leiter des Biologie - Departments der Universität Colorado Das Cannabinoid - System existiert seit etwa 600 Millionen Jahren , es ist älter als die Dinosaurier .
Das Cannabinoid - System evolvierte kontinuierlich und ist von allen neuen Spezies übernommen worden .
Für das " Futtern und Füttern " spielt das Cannabinoid - System eine zentrale Rolle ...
1 ) Cannabinoide kommen in jedem lebenden höheren Tier über der Stufe von Polypen und Molluskeln vor , mit Ausnahme der Insekten .
Das Cannabinoid - System hält die Körper im homöostatischen Gleichgewicht .
2 ) Mütter geben ihren Babys eine Ladung Cannabinoide mit der Muttermilch um ihnen Heißhunger zu verschaffen - damit sie das Essen lernen .
( Weil sie durch die Nabelschnur gefüttert wurden , können Babys das nicht )
3 ) Mäuse ohne einen CB1 - Cannabinoid - Rezeptor mögen keinerlei Veränderung .
Wenn sie in eine andere Ecke des Käfigs gesetzt werden , regen sie sich auf , wenn man sie an den alten Punkt zurücksetzt entspannen sie - um sich wieder zu erregen , wenn man sie umsetzt .
Kommentar : Ich frage mich ob manche Leute , besonders „ Drogenkrieger “ , vielleicht auch einen blockierten CB - 1 - Rezeptor haben und sich deshalb jeder Veränderung widersetzen - während Leute wie wir , mit einem unblockierten CB - 1 - Rezeptor , die Vorteile genießen , viel entspannter sind und keine Angst vor Veränderungen haben .
Ein interessanter Gedanke - und erstaunlicherweise absolut korrekt : Die Gehirne vieler Menschen sind nicht fähig gute CB - 1 / CB - 2 - Verbindungen herzustellen .
4 ) Alle neuen Spezies benutzen Cannabinoide
5 ) Durch ihr Lebendigsein und das Atmen von Luft produzieren unsere Körper „ freie Radikale “ .
Cannabinoide helfen , dies rückgängig zu machen .
6 ) Cannabinoide töten Gehirnzellen , aber die Zellen , die sie töten werden „ Glioma “ genannt , es sind die Tumorzellen bei Gehirnkrebs .
Alle anderen Gehirnzellen werden von Cannabinoiden geschützt und geheilt .
7 ) Cannabinoide schützen gegen Sonnenbrand und Hautkrebs wegen der CB - 1 - Rezeptoren in unserer Haut .
8 ) Cannabinoide verlangsamen den Alterungsprozess .
Mäuse , deren Gehirn auf Cannabinoide reagiert leben länger als solche , deren CB - 1 - Rezeptor blockiert wurde .
9 ) Die Aktivitäten in den evolutionäre fortgeschrittenen Bereichen des Gehirns beruhen auf Cannabinoid - Rezeptoren und fördern höhere Ebenen des Bewußtseins .
10 ) Cannabinoide wurden sogar in weißen Blutkörperchen gefunden ( CB - 2 - Rezeptoren ) .
Diese CB - 2 - Rezeptoren wurden vorwiegend in immunologischen Zellen gefunden , die den Wechsel des Immunsystems in den „ Anti-Entzündungs “ - Zustand regulieren .
11 ) Cannabinoide schützen das Herz vor Arhytmie
12 ) Ihre Art gegen Schmerzen zu helfen betrifft die speziellen Nerven der Schmerzübertragung .
Sie werden Vanilloid - Rezeptoren genannt .
Die Anandamide , der vom Körper selbst produzierte Marihuana - Wirkstoff , verbinden sich mit den Nervenenden und reduzieren den Schmerz .
Anandamide werden von Körper als Antwort auf eine Reihe von Zuständen produziert .
Zum Beispiel verhindert Aspirin den Abbau von Anandamiden und hilft deshalb gegen Schmerzen .
Wie viele alte Damen , die sagen , dass sie „ niemals “ Marihuana konsumieren würden , nutzen das körpereigene Äquivalent ohne das überhaupt zu wissen ?
13 ) In den meisten fällen von Krankheiten des Auto - Immunsystems produzieren die Immunzellen des Körpers „ freie Radikale “ , die den eigenen Körper wie ein fremdes Objekt angreifen .
Cannabis bringt das Immunsystem in den entzündungshemmenden Zustand und hilft , das Fortschreiten der Krankheit zu verlangsamen - und so das Leben zu verlängern .
14 ) Der Wirkstoff von Marihuana besteht nicht nur aus THC , sondern auch aus dem nicht - psychoaktiven Cannabidiol ( CBD ) .
Der Mechanismus ist noch nicht genau erforscht , klar ist jedoch , dass Hanf mit hohem CBD - Gehalt das psychoaktive „ High “ des THC zunichte macht .
15 ) Außer sich an die Rezeptoren in den höheren Bereichen des Gehirns anzuhängen wirken Cannabinoide noch in vielen anderen Teilen des Körpers - sie wirken auf die Haut und viele andere Stellen ein .
16 ) Pharmazeutische Firmen arbeiten an der Synthetisierung verschiedener Cannabinoid - Komponenten und neuen Sorten von Marihuana .
Wenn sie erfolgreich sind , werden wir eine größere Wahl haben , welche Cannabinoide welchen Bereichen des Körpers am besten nutzen .
17 ) Wegen der Lokalisierung von CB - 1 / CB - 2 als Hauptrezeptoren des Gehirns scheint es der natürliche Weg der Menschheit , mehr „ stoned “ zu sein .
18 ) Drogenkrieger tun , was sie tun , nicht weil sie absichtlich böse sind , sondern eher , weil sie noch primitiv sind ( „ Stumpfsinnig “ könnte man sagen ) .
Sie schauen voll Angst und Feindlichkeit auf die Welt und nicht kooperativ und verständnisvoll .
19 ) Laut einer Studie über die Gehirnfunktion von 150 depressiven Patienten schützt Cannabis vor dem Absterben gesunder Zellen und schützt die Nerven .
20 ) Cannabinoide erweitern die Bronchien und helfen Asthmapatienten zu atmen .
Wegen der Balance , die unser Körper aufrechterhält , kann es aber auch Gelegenheiten geben , wo sie entgegengesetzt wirken , weil der Tod möglich ist , wenn zuviel geraucht wird .
21 ) Cannabinoide kontrollieren wie wir die Zukunft sehen .
Wenn du mit schlechten Erfahrungen erfüllt bist , hast du Angst vor der Zukunft .
Mit reichlich Cannabinoiden dagegen willst du in der Zukunft sein .
Unfähigkeit zur Veränderung gegen freudige Begrüßung der Zukunft und des Wechsels .
22 ) Cannabinoide können vor verschiedene Krebsarten schützen - sie könnten in der Zukunft auch dazu beitragen , Krebs zu heilen .
Sie haben eine Methode entwickelt , die schlechten Zellen zu töten und die guten zu schützen .
23 ) Cannabinoide lindern Leberkrankheiten und unkontrollierbaren Juckreiz .
Sie wirken ebenso gegen Schlaflosigkeit und Depression - und das seit 600 Millionen Jahren .
24 ) THC in geringer Dosierung mindert Angst , während hohe Dosierung Ängste fördern kann .
Das Rauchen von Marihuana kann
Angst mindern .
Oral eingenommen verändert sich Delta-9 - THC beim ersten Durchgang in der Leber zu Delta - 11 - THC , das fünfmal höhere psychoaktive und sehr viel längere Wirkung hat .
25 ) Cannabis schützt Nervenzellen vor dem Absterben und schützt deshalb auch vor Alzheimer .
26 ) Kopfverletzungen verursachen verstärkte Produktion von körpereigenen Cannabinoiden , mit denen der Körper sich schützt ; auch vor Nervengas schützt sich der Körper mit Cannabinoiden .
Cannabinoide regen die Aktivierung eines speziellen Gens an .
Dies ist unter anderem an einem Modellorganismus , einem einfachen Wurm , erforscht worden .
Dieser Würmer haben ein sehr einfaches Nervensystem und es stellte sich heraus , dass die beteiligten Moleküle den sogenannten „ transcription factor “ regulieren , der die Gene „ einschaltet “ .
Wenn der Ausdruck dieses bestimmten Gens aktiviert wird , wird die Lebensdauer der Würmer verlängert .
Dies haben wir schon bei den Mäusen gesehen .
Weil Marihuana „ freie Radikale “ zerstört , leben Menschen , die Cannabis benutzen , länger und sehen jünger aus .
Marihuana fördert die Gesundheit durch seine Wirkung auf Nervenzellen , indem es das Immunsystem im Gleichgewicht hält und die Fettablagerungen im Herz - Kreislaufsystem mindert .
27 ) Neue Forschungen haben gezeigt , dass das Argument , Cannabis müsse illegal bleiben , weil es „ Krebs erzeugt “ , nicht länger Gültigkeit hat .
In der Kehle gibt es Nikotin - Rezeptoren , aber keine Cannabinoid - Rezeptoren .
Zellen haben ein biochemisches Programm das „ Apoptosis “ genannt wird ; es wird aktiviert , wenn Zellen schon zu sehr zerstört sind , um sich selbst zu reparieren - sie begehen Selbstmord .
Dies wird auf biochemischen
Wege kontrolliert .
Nikotin aber aktiviert einen Pfad , der die Zellen am Sterben hindert .
Irgendetwas zu Rauchen bringt immer Carcinogene in die Atemwege und das Herz - Kreislaufsystem .
Zellen , die vom Rauch zerstört sind sterben ab - und das soll auch geschehen , sie sterben bevor sie zu Krebszellen werden .
28 ) Dass Cannabinoide schmerzlindernd wirken , ist lange bekannt .
Doch erst seit kurzem kennen wir auch die molekularen Mechanismen des Schmerzes und des Cannabinoid - Systems .
Wir wissen jetzt , dass es Überschneidungen zwischen dem Cannabinoid - System und dem körpereigenen Opiat - System , den Endorphinen , gibt - und dass sie sich gegenseitig verstärken .
So können Menschen , die zur Schmerzbekämpfung auf Morphin angewiesen sind , die Dosierung um 50 % senken , wenn sie Cannabinoide benutzen .
29 ) In jedem einzelnen System unseres Körpers - Nervensystem , Verdauungssystem , Reproduktionssystm , Immunsystem - sind Cannabinoide involviert , um das aufrecht zu erhalten , was wir homöostatische Balance - Gleichgewicht - nennen .
Es ist ein biochemisches Netzwerk , das alles in unserem Körper beeinflußt - und auch unseren Geist .
Aber wenn das Ganze stets mehr als die Summe seiner Teile ist , was ist dann das größere Ganze des Cannabinoid - Systems ?
Wenn wir sehen , wie Cannabinoide das Ernährungs , - Verdauungs , - und Immunsystem regulieren , was ist dann die Wirkung auf den Geist ?
Meiner Meinung nach erweitern sie unseren Geist , befreien uns davon , auf einer Spur des Denkens gefesselt zu sein und dies ist genau die Art des Denkens , die wir brauchen wenn wir uns in Richtung Zukunft bewegen , die immer aus Unbekanntem besteht .
Das Cannabinoid - System gibt die Möglichkeit , uns auf friedliche und freundliche Art auf Veränderungen einzustellen und dafür offen zu sein .
Das Cannabinoid - System ist ein holistisches Gesundheitsprogramm .
Das Gleichgewicht für eine optimale Gesundheit beruht auf dem Cannabinoid - System .
Deshalb sollte Cannabis überall erhältlich sein und angemessen benutzt werden .
Dr. Robert J. Melamede Ph.D. Chairman of the Biology Department of the University of Colorado : Conducting Scientific research on Cannabinoids Phone : 719-262-3135 University of Colorado 1420 Austin Bluffs Parkway Room 232 PO
Box 7150 Colorado Springs , CO 80933-7150 rmelamed at uccs.edu
Story Highlights • Afghan interpreter , security guard prevent bombing , U.S. military says
• The driver was reaching for a cord when he was pulled from the vehicle
• Foiled attack comes at same time U.S. defense chief in Afghanistan
Adjust font size :
KABUL , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Two civilians thwarted an attempted terrorist attack Tuesday when a vehicle loaded with explosives attempted to crash through the front gate of a U.S. base in the Afghan capital , according to the U.S. military .
The two men , an interpreter and a security guard , dragged the apparent suicide bomber from the vehicle before he could detonate explosives , said Col .
Tom Collins , the chief spokesman for U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
" I think it 's a pretty amazing and heroic event , " Collins said .
He said that at about 9 a.m. Tuesday ( 10:30 p.m. ET Monday ) a driver crashed his vehicle into Camp Phoenix , the base where the Afghan National Army and police are trained .
The driver reached for what appeared to be a cord to detonate a bomb , he said .
" Amazingly , a couple of Afghans who just happened to be on the scene there realized what was happening , " Collins said .
" Anyone 's inclination would have been to run away but these guys are genuine heroes , " Collins said .
The area was immediately cordoned off while authorities waited for a bomb disposal team .
During the attempt to disarm it , the device went off .
It 's unclear how much or what kind of explosive material was used , Collins said .
No U.S. or coalition troops were injured .
Not the first attack on base
In the past six months more than 70 allied troops -- mostly Canadian and British -- have died .
About 70 U.S. troops also have been killed .
Because there has been so much violence in Afghanistan , Collins said his troops and the people who work near them are particularly alert .
" We 're trying to control these attacks .
We have a pretty high level of awareness .
That 's why [ the interpreter and security guard ] were able to act so quickly , " he said , adding that the men may be honored in some fashion .
Asked if it 's easy for someone to ram a car into a compound , Collins replied : " We 're in a very large city here in the country of Afghanistan .
There 's lots of people driving around .
This man just happened to get his vehicle along the entry control point . "
Though Collins said attacks on bases the size of Camp Phoenix are rare , it 's not the first time a suicide bomber has tried to attack soldiers close to the base .
Last summer a suicide bomber carrying 300 pounds of explosives killed two U.S. troops , the colonel said .
Strike on insurgent camp along border
The attacks comes on the heels of U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates ' first visit to Afghanistan .
( Read full story )
Gates arrived Monday and was scheduled to meet with Afghan officials and U.S. and NATO commanders to address the increased fighting against Taliban and al Qaeda terrorists .
( Watch Gates assess situation in Afghanistan )
Around 6:55 a.m. Tuesday , Pakistani security forces carried out an airstrike on an insurgent hideout that had been under surveillance for several days in the Zamzola area of South Waziristan , in northwestern Pakistan near the Afghan border , a Pakistani army spokesman said .
According to the spokesman , intelligence sources confirmed that 25 to 30 suspected foreign terrorists and their local backers were occupying a complex of five compounds in the area .
The Pakistani spokesman said three of the five compounds were destroyed , killing at least 25 of the insurgents in the complex .
Last week , troops from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force and the Afghan National Army killed as many as 150 insurgents along the mountainous border with Pakistan , NATO officials reported .
That same day U.S. National Intelligence Director John Negroponte told a Senate committee that al Qaeda leaders have a " secure hideout " in Pakistan .
The chief U.S. commander in Afghanistan Lt. Gen. Ken Eikenberry said Tuesday that in December , Taliban attacks have increased 200 percent .
Pakistani officials denied the assertion .
( Read full story )
NATO commanders have called for the coalition to have more manpower and equipment , and for leaders of each participating country to stop restricting their troops to relatively safer areas .
Stay up to date with the latest international conferences , symposia and exhibitions for interdisciplinary scientists working across academic research and industry
10th International Conference on Waste Management and the Environment 2020
Society is increasingly aware of the need to establish better practices and safer solutions for waste disposal .
This requires further investigation into disposal methods and recycling as well as new technologies to monitor landfills , industrial mining wastes and chemical and nuclear repositories .
View the event
Our editors have compiled a list of seven futuristic gadgets you ca n’t buy , or at least anytime soon .
If we happened to miss any , please leave us a comment .
“ Continue reading ” for the entire list .
Sony Data Tiles
We have seen the future of portable computing , and it ’s data tiles .
Tagged transparent tiles are used to show dynamic graphical information when placed on a sensor - enhanced display .
“ I am interested in designing a new human computer interaction style for highly portable computers , that will be situation - aware and assistance - oriented rather than command oriented . ”
Jun Rekimoto , Director , Interaction Laboratory , Sony Computer Science Laboratories , Inc .
[ Source ]
Mobile Office of the Future
Designed by James Mower , this futuristic mobile office on wheels includes an eco-friendly toilet , electricity , wireless internet , built - in GPS , and glass panels .
The mobile office is designed for businesses that employ a large number of nomadic workers .
The temporary workplace can be easily deployed at a position close to their current client base .
[ Source – 2 ]
Pantech Pivot Point
Designed by Lunar Designs for Pantech , Pivot Point is a futuristic mobile phone concept , sporting a “ swiveling screen that can be set up like an easel for easy typing . ”
No word yet on if Pivot Point will go into production .
If it ever gets out of the design stage , the device is sure to be a hit with mobile TV and video - conferencing junkies
[ Source ]
Alfa Romeo Spix
Designed by Creatix , the Alfa Romeo Spix is a futuristic flying car concept that is stylish yet functional .
The 3D artists at Creatix have created some stunning 3D renderings of an imaginary concept car of the future .
Called the Alfa Romeo Spix , the vehicle is a flying car with a futuristic evolution of the existing Alfa design language
[ Source ]
High - Tech Cutting Board
This high - tech cutting board — created by Jess Griffin and Jim Termeer — makes cooking easier by including an “ integrated scale embedded within an clearly defined surface area ” that shows the weight of your ingredients .
Unfortunately , there ’s no word yet on if this concept will go into production .
While amateur chefs probably do n’t need this kind of exactitude for cooking their Sunday morning pancakes , it could certainly be useful for those more demanding , precise recipes that always seem out of reach
[ Source ]
i Pod Watch
Designed by Peter Burns , this iPod watch concept is envisioned “ as a 10 GB player with Bluetooth - enabled earphones . ”
The clean Apple - esque look of the watch is enhanced by the lack of wiring between player and earphones , and the whole design looks like a sleek , efficient method of dealing with the increasing risk of misplacing the unit as the iPod gets smaller and smaller
[ Source 1 – 2 ]
Synaptics Onyx
In January 2003 , President George W. Bush asked Congress for $ 15 billion to fund international AIDS programs in developing countries under the President ’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , or PEPFAR .
One tenth of the money was to be spent on children whose parents were victims of AIDS .
Most of this money would go to Africa , home to some 12 million such children who for nearly two decades had been all but forgotten by their own governments , as well as by foreign donors such as the US .
The new money is part of a welcome trend .
Rich governments and private donors now spend some $ 6 billion a year on international AIDS programs , twenty times more than they did a decade ago .
Funding is also increasing for programs to help what are known in aid circles as “ orphans and vulnerable children , ” or OVCs .
These are children who lack parental care because their parents have died of AIDS or are too sick to look after them .
The OVCs category also includes the relatively small number of such children who are HIV - positive themselves .
1
Roughly $ 600 million will be spent on aid programs for OVCs in 2005 , and this is predicted to triple by 2007 .
While this is good news in many respects , it may also be cause for concern .
As foreign aid budgets rise , they tend to become more political and sometimes less effective .
I worked in Uganda during the early 1990s when the country ’s HIV infection rate was at its peak , with some two million people infected .
In response , foreign donors were pouring money into the country , but it was n’t always clear whether it was going to the right places .
European and American consultants came and went from the airport and their brand - new sport utility vehicles churned up the narrow lanes of slums and villages across the country .
They hired servants and guards and drivers and translators and set up offices in newly renovated buildings in Kampala ’s genteel suburbs .
Ugandans tended to greet them with outward courtesy and inward skepticism .
In private discussions they wondered why the aid workers were spending so much money on offices and vehicles and staff residences that were palatial by local standards , when so many Ugandans were sick and poor and hungry .
The Ugandans were right to wonder .
At least 60 percent of US foreign aid funding never leaves the US , but is instead spent on office overhead , travel , procurement of American - made cars , computers , and other equipment , as well as salary and benefit packages so generous that just one of them would be enough to feed , clothe , and educate hundreds of African children for years .
2
Some of the money that arrives in Africa is well spent , but much of it is wasted on ill - conceived projects designed by foreign technocrats with little sense of African realities .
In the high - stakes scramble for funding , the best projects — those that truly meet the needs of local people so that they can eventually support themselves — are often overlooked .
People used to joke …
Loyal reader Ramit Sethi writes in with this tip for keeping gift lists organized this holiday season :
Instead of sending around 83259325 emails to see what your family wants for Christmas , use a wiki instead .
Everyone can put what they want and see what other people want .
Set one up at http://www.pbwiki.com ( takes 10 seconds ) and even Grandma will be able to use it .
We promise .
Advertisement
This is an excellent idea , and for the really savvy family , you could take it even further .
Plan who 's bringing what foods to Christmas dinner , where and when you 're meeting , etc .
A holiday wiki could be a huge time - and energy - saver this holiday season .
PBwiki
Even as he talked about North Korea ’s nuclear ambitions and other weighty matters , President Bush on Wednesday returned to his occasional role as fashion critic to the White House press corps .
“ If I might say , that is a beautiful suit ....
And I ca n’t see anybody else that even comes close , ” the president told NBC ’s Kevin Corke , who was wearing pinstripes , in the course of a Rose Garden news conference that focused on North Korea - related diplomacy and the Iraq war .
For the record : For The Record
Los Angeles Times Friday October 13 , 2006 Home Edition Main News Part A Page 2 National Desk 0 inches ; 28 words Type of Material : Correction
Bush and fashion :
An article in Thursday ’s Section A about President Bush ’s banter with reporters said White House correspondent David Gregory works for CNN .
He works for NBC .
Corke responded that he would convey the president ’s comments to his tailor .
“ I ’ll be happy to pass along my tailor ’s number if you ’d like that , sir , ” he also offered .
Soon after , the president asserted that CNN ’s Suzanne Malveaux was the “ first best - dressed person here . ”
Advertisement
By the time Bush called on Jim Axelrod of CBS , the reporter felt compelled to start with a defensive comment : “ My best suit ’s in the cleaners , ” Axelrod explained to the president .
“ That ’s not even a suit , ” Bush retorted , eyeing Axelrod ’s sport coat and slacks .
Bush , who has suits made by Georges de Paris , the tailor to presidents since Lyndon Johnson ’s time , has teased reporters about their appearance in the past .
In June , he poked fun at CNN ’s David Gregory for his loud pocket scarf .
“ Gregory , fine - looking scarf -- not scarf , what do you call that thing ? ” said Bush .
“ It ’s strong . ”
Advertisement
In August , while discussing the war in Lebanon , Bush took note of a suit worn by Ken Herman of Cox Newspapers , saying : “ By the way , seersucker is coming back . ”
Later in the news conference , Bush again referred to the suit , calling it “ that just ridiculous - looking outfit . ”
Asked about the president ’s commentary , White House Deputy Press Secretary Dana Perino called Bush “ a personable man , ” saying that “ although he ’s president and that ’s a serious job , he does like to reach out to others in friendly ways . ”
Some who study presidential news conferences attached no great meaning to the byplay .
“ I think this is probably the way he deals with people in social encounters , ” said Kathleen Hall Jamieson , director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania .
“ It may make him feel more comfortable . ”
Advertisement
Herman , the reporter in seersucker , was amused when a media dust - up followed Bush ’s comments on his suit .
“ If there ’s anything reporters know better than math , it ’s fashion , ” he joked .
Herman said he considered the banter just part of Bush ’s social mannerisms .
“ I ’ve been covering him since 1993 in Texas , ” Herman said .
“ That ’s the way he likes to make connections .
He still has some frat boy in him .
He likes to tease people . ”
*
johanna.neuman@latimes.com
by Christopher Allen & Shannon Appelcline
[ This is the third in a series of articles on collective choice , co-written by my collegue Shannon Appelcline .
It will be jointly posted in Shannon 's Trials , Triumphs & Trivialities online games column at Skotos . ]
In our first article on collective choice we outlined a number of different types of choice systems , among them voting , polling , rating , and ranking .
Since then we 've been spending some time expanding upon the systems , with the goal being to create both a lexicon of and a dialogue about systems for collective choice .
This time we 're going to dig more into comparison ranking systems , by focusing on competitive rankings and looking more in depth at ELO Chess Ranking System and the other systems that we briefly mentioned previously .
Our goal is to explicate these systems , to better address their flaws , to begin detailing the purposes of ranking systems , and to show how those purposes are critical in the design of ranking systems .
Subjective vs. Objective Rankings
In our original article we discussed rating systems as being largely subjective and ranking systems as being objective , but the situation is n't nearly as simple as that .
In truth , there 's a clear spectrum of ratings and rankings with varying amounts of subjectivity and objectivity in each collective choice system .
The Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) for college football is a good example of a ranking system that explicitly allows a subjective component .
It involves a complex mathematical formula that includes things like win/ loss ratios , but also sportswriters ' and coaches ' ratings .
However , public opinion continues to show that people do n't necessarily like seeing true ranking systems having subjective components , because they expect them to be " fair " .
The BCS formula has come under attack several times in the last few years precisely due to its subjective basis .
Cal Berkeley was one of several teams denied a bowl position in 2004 when many felt that they were worthy .
The APL tennis rankings and the official world golf rankings also have a subjective component , but it is much more subtle .
Each tournament is worth a certain number of points , and the allocation of those points is relatively arbitrary , based upon the " prestige " of each tournament and the quality of players who have traditionally played in it .
The subjectivism is n't quite as near to the surface as that of the college bowls , but it 's still something that can have a notable , and perhaps unwarranted , effect upon the final results .
Algorithmic Rankings
This brings us back to the ELO system , a ranking system originally designed for chess which is fairly well - known and well - understood .
As we said in our overview article , " [ ELO ] builds a simple distribution of player ratings around a norm ( typically 1500 points ) , then awards or deducts points based upon wins and losses , with the total sum of all points in the system staying constant .
Players are then ranked according to their comparative scores . "
The big difference between this and the previously discussed systems is that it 's almost entirely objective ; in fact it uses a statistical basis to create an underlying mathematical model for rankings , rather than allowing human subjectivity to get in the way .
The simplest formulation for an ELO rating looks like this :
R' = R + K * ( S - E ) R ' is the new rating
R is the old rating
K is a maximum value for increase or decrease of rating ( 16 or 32 for ELO )
S is the score for a game
E is the expected score for a game
Much of the trick is in figuring out what the ( E ) xpected score of a game is .
ELO uses the following formulas for players A and B :
E( A ) = 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ ( [ R( B ) - R( A ) ] / 400 ) ]
E( B ) = 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ ( [ R( A ) - R( B ) ] / 400 ) ]
It 's a good model because , using the two formulas , it means that a great player gains little from beating an average player , but an average player gains a lot from beating a great player .
Take the following example :
R( A ) = 1900
R( B ) = 1500
E( A ) = 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ ( [ 1500 - 1900 ] / 400 ) ]
= 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ ( - 400 / 400 ) ]
= 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ - 4 / 4 ]
= 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ - 1 ]
= 1 / 1 + .1
= .91
= 91 %
E( B ) = 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ ( [ 1900 - 1500 ] / 400 ) ]
= 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ ( 400 / 400 ) ]
= 1 / [ 1 + 10 ^ 1 ]
= 1 / 11
= .09
= 9 %
Player A is expected to score .91 in an average game , which is to say he should win 91 % of the time , and will be punished accordingly if he loses to player B :
R' = 1900 + 32 * ( 0 - .91 )
R' = 1900 - 29.12
R' = 1871
Conversely a win nets him very little :
R' = 1900 + 32 * ( 1 - .91 )
R' = 1900 + 32 * .09
R' = 1900 + 2.88
R' = 1903
ELO is almost entirely mathematical .
Players can gain or lose different amounts of points based upon playing different players , but this is all part of the formula .
The only slightly subjective element is the definition of K -- how much a player can win or lose from a particular game .
The most widely used ELO systems for Chess break K down into two values : 16 for masters and 32 for everyone else .
So there is a subjective decision that masters should vary their score less frequently than other players .
That 's a very minor element in an otherwise objective system , but as we 'll see , more recent systems by Days of Wonder and Microsoft first reduce , then eliminate even this subjectivity .
Variations of a Theme : Days of Wonder
ELO is probably the most used ranking system in the world .
You can find it in use for Go , Tantrix , and many other games .
Days of Wonder , producers of Gang of Four , Ticket to Ride , and many other games use a variant of the system which they describe on their website .
They identify three core problems with ELO :
New players can take a long time to ascend or descend to their correct levels .
Highly ranked players can be hesitant to play with provisional players whose ranking might be much more uncertain .
There are no allowances for games with more than two players .
Days of Wonder resolved the first problem by creating a new formula for provisional players , allowing them to rise and fall in the rankings much more quickly .
Conversely when playing against provisional players , regular players can only lose a maximum of K*n / 20 points , where n is the number of games that the provisional player has played -- rather than the normal maximum loss of K .
For example , playing someone who has just played one game , can only result in a loss of 1/20th of the regular K value , and so it really does n't matter if the provisional player 's ranking is wildly out of whack .
Both of these new formulas are set up to converge toward a normal ELO formula as a provisional player 's number of games approaches 20 ( making them a normal player at Days of Wonder ) .
( It should be pointed out that using the number " 20 " to define a provisional player , and making a player less provisional in clean 5 % steps , inevitably offers yet another small , subjective element into this mathematical formula ; as we 'll see momentarily Microsoft has more recently incorporated the idea of provisional uncertainty into their core mathematical model , much as the whole ELO system originally turned subjective win and loss statistics into tighter mathematics . )
Finally , to resolve the situation of multiple players , Days of Wonder considers each game to be a set of duels , as described here :
There are 4 players in a Gang of Four game .
Let 's name A the winning player , B the second one , C the third one and D the last one .
We consider that there were 6 duels : A won against B , C and D. B won against C and D. C won against D. We compute independently the new scores for each duel , and then we average the values for each player .
It 's a fairly elegant answer that not only rewards or penalizes all players separately , but also encourages playing for second place , or even third , if first is n't possible .
There have been continued discussions of the Days of Wonder ELO variant in their forums , and the questions raised there are common to many different ranking systems .
Some players wanted unranked games , while others thought that having unranked games would discourage people from playing good competitors except in unranked games .
There has also been a lot of discussion regarding Ticket to Ride , a strategy game that supports 2 - 5 people , and whether the ELO variant system discourages multiperson play .
The various lessons learned at Days of Wonder underline two basic ideas about rankings .
First , even with a well - studied system like ELO , there 's still a lot to understand , and , second , any ranking system needs to reflect the specifics of what it 's ranking -- and what its purpose is .
Variations on a Theme : XBox 360 Live
An even more recent large - scale ranking system is the TrueSkill system developed by Microsoft for use with the XBox 360 .
It appears to be an expanded variant of the glicko ranking system used by the free internet chess server .
Many of the problems identified by Microsoft were the same as those already noted by Days of Wonder and others , including : the uncertainty of provisional ratings and the need to rank players in multiplayer games .
However , the TrueSkill system notably expands both issues .
Ranking uncertainty is now defined as a mathematical concept and the rankings now support not just multiple players , but also multiple teams .
TrueSkill explicitly includes two values in any ranking : a skill level and an uncertainty level .
The first , like the more common ELO ranking , tells how good a player is .
The second states how sure that ranking is .
The uncertainty rating is effectively a margin of error , similar to those we saw in polling systems .
If a first - time player has a skill rating of 25 with an uncertainty rating of 8.3 that means that his skill is probably somewhere in the range of 16.7 to 33.3 , a pretty wide range , but then this is a totally untested player .
According to benchmarks that Microsoft produced , 99.99 % of actual skill levels were within 3 x of the uncertainty rating , and 100 % were within 4x .
The rest of TrueSkill 's innovations are built around this model of uncertainty .
All players win or lose skill points , based upon how many players they beat or lose to , and they also decrease their uncertainty rating as they play more games .
However , uncertainty is decreased more for players toward the middle of a pack within a game than those around the edges ( because on the edges the players could actually be much better or much worse than it is possible to see from a specific game ) .
In addition , TrueSkill is only a zero - sum ranking system for players at the exact same level of uncertainty .
The more uncertainty that an opponent possesses , the smaller the weighting of any gain or loss ( much like the simpler system that Days of Wonder uses , which bases weightings of games against provisional players as n/20 ) .
Overall TrueSkill is a somewhat complex system that is described more fully at Microsoft 's web site .
Some of their expansions had already been considered by others , but still their system is notably innovative in two ways :
Expanding a competitive ranking system to include concepts of teams .
Incorporating the uncertainty of ratings further into the core mathematical model , rather than using a somewhat more subjective model such as that described by Days of Wonder for provisional players .
The TrueSkill calculations are a bit complex .
In general , that 's not a problem for a computer - based ranking model because you can have a computer doing all the computations , and players only need to understand the results .
However the two - part ranking system used by TrueSkill , which notes both skill level and uncertainty , does offer a potential problem on this latter point .
Can players understand it ?
In general , the concept of uncertainty will not be understood by people other that statisticians , thus raising a real user - interface question with the TrueSkill system -- and the exact sort of thing that designers of new ranking systems will need to consider .
Variations on a Theme : A Tale in the Desert
The online game , A Tale in the Desert , identified a different problem with the ELO system : cheating .
This is a uniquely Internet - based problem , because there users can create fake accounts , then defeat those accounts to win points .
This can also be done more subtly , by having multiple additional accounts build up the rating of that fake account before the fake account is defeated .
So a totally new ranking system , called the eGenesis Ranking System , was created .
Each player is ranked through a 256 - bit vector , half of which is initially set to 0 and half of which is set to 1 ( therefore creating an average ranking of 128 ) .
Whenever a match occurs between players a hash function based on the players ' names mathematically selects 32 of those bits , 8 of which are then randomly selected .
Among those bits , any 1s in the loser 's vector which correspond to 0s in the winner 's vector are " transferred " .
This simple design corresponds in some ways to ELO 's more complex formula .
A good player will have more 1s and thus more to lose , and he will lose correspondingly more to a poor player who has more 0s in his vector .
However , the system also prevents the collusion earlier noted .
Statistically , a single player will only ever gain 8 ranking points from another new player , since out of the 32 bit hash only eight of those will , on average , be in the correct 0 - 1 configuration .
Expanding a group of players expands the number of points that can potentially be gained , but within real limits .
In fact , the eGenesis system prevents cheating by measuring the size of social networks , then limiting the number of ranking points that can be earned within a social network .
It 's not necessarily the only way to measure social network size , but its methodology points toward social software as an interesting area for additional study of ranking systems .
As with XBox 's TrueSkill , the eGenesis algorithms are overall fairly sophisticated and confusing , perhaps more so than TrueSkill itself .
However , unlike TrueSkill the output is very simple : a skill number between 0 and 255 .
The intricacies are hidden by the system .
Competitive Ranking Goals
Ultimately , as we mentioned when discussing Days of Wonder , any ranking system has to be measured by what it 's trying to do and how well it does that .
ELO and similar numerical , long - term ranking systems , are most likely trying to achieve one of three goals :
Hierarchy : Players are divided into hierarchies of success , giving players goals to constantly strive for and ways to measure their success ( or failure ) .
Matching : Players can play with other players at their same skill level , rather than having to play beginners or experts who are much better than they are .
This generally increases everyone 's enjoyment .
For computer games , the complexity of a matching system can be largely moderated by the computer , thus ensuring better competition .
Handicapping :
If players do play against others of different skill levels , the better players can be handicapped in automatic , appropriate ways for the game in question , again increasing the fairness of games and everyone 's enjoyment .
For instance , someone ranked 3 - kyu in Go playing a less experienced 7 - kyu player would give him a starting 4 stone advantage to make for better competition .
The ELO system may be a good matching system , which allows players to easily find other players of their same skill level and play against them .
However it does n't provide any way to handicap players , nor would the ELO method necessarily be a good one to analyze handicaps ( and conversely a golf handicap might not do a good job of finding like players nor measuring players ' ability in a hierarchy ) .
More recently the XBox system has stated that it 's explicitly for matchmaking , with the goal being to always try and match up players at nearly the same skill level .
It 's also used for hierarchy ( or " leaderboards " as it's described in the TrueSkill docs ) , but that 's clearly a subsidiary purpose .
All of these systems would be ineffective for measuring a winner in a live event , which is a very different goal :
Tourney : A single player is listed as an absolute winner , the " King of the Hill " .
Often , second , third , and fourth place winners are measured too .
And , the systems we 've discussed thus far may not be useful for measuring privileges , yet another goal :
Threshold :
The best ranks of players can be given special privileges , including the ability to create games and form tournaments .
Alternatively , they can be given privileges totally outside the game , again giving them something extra to strive for .
For each of these additional goals we may need to consider very different ranking systems , not just variations of ELO .
Different Themes : Tourneys
There are a number of well - known tournament types which can be used to create a " King of the Hill " ranking .
The simplest is the single - elimination tournament , where the winner of each competition moves on to compete with other winners , until there is only one .
However , this style of tournament is quite cut - throat and is not suited very well to events where the competition may result in a draw , or where chance is a notable factor in the competition .
It also has a very subjective factor in the initial seeding of the rounds .
The single - elimination tournament also does not rank the losers .
However , by having the losers compete with each other in a Swiss - style tournament , the relative strengths of the players can be ranked .
An improvement is the double - elimination tournament which is now one of the best known tournament systems in sports .
Players compete in series of two - player matches , and a player has to lose twice before he 's eliminated .
This is done through a system of winner and loser brackets , wherein people drop from the winners ' brackets to the losers ' brackets when they lose once , and drop out altogether when they lose twice .
One problem with standard double - elimination is that there are unusual situations where a significantly inferior player can still make it to the final round , or the last player to remain undefeated can lose only once and still be eliminated .
These can be addressed through variants such as face - off ( requiring the last two remaining competitors to compete again if the undefeated team is defeated for the first time in the finals ) or by reconfiguring the loser 's brackets .
Round - robin tournaments , such as official Scrabble Tournaments involve every player playing a set number of games ( 24 in the 2005 World Scrabble Championship ) , facing opponents with similar win-lose records .
They then ultimately rank players by their win-lose ratios .
The advantage of these sorts of tournament over an ELO - style ranking is that they 're easily understandable and seem fair .
In addition , they measure ranking in a much more topical manner : how well someone is playing during a singular instant , rather than over a longer career .
As a result they work much better for a live tournament .
Different Themes : Thresholds
As we discussed in our original article on Collective Choice , thresholds are ranking barriers above which members get a special ability -- or alternatively levels below which members lose a special ability .
They can also act as another goal for a ranking system .
In the game of Go there are both amateur and professional players .
Although they are n't technically in the same hierarchy of rankings , the highest Go amateur ranking ( 7 dan ) is approximately equal to the lowest
Go professional ranking ( 1 dan ) , forming a de facto threshold .
Likewise the United States Chess Federation uses their ELO rankings to denote Chess Masters .
Anyone who achieves 2200 UCSF is given a National Master threshold ranking and anyone who maintains it for 300 games is given a Life Master threshold ranking .
The American Contract Bridge Association uses a threshold system where you have to win a certain number of tournaments and thus earn masterpoints in order achieve official rankings such as " section master " .
Furthermore , players may earn different " colors " of masterpoints depending the difficulty of the tournament , and some ranks require that you earn at least some specific colored masterpoints in order to meet the requirements for the next threshold .
These thresholds are fairly explicitly based on other hierarchical ranking systems , but this does n't need to be the case .
Since determining the purpose of a ranking system is often the first step in designing it , as we delve further into the area of thresholds we may well find that systems specifically dedicated toward measuring thresholds are more likely to do so well .
In our next article we 'll consider among other things the Avogadro reputation system , which manages thresholds in such a way as to prevent cheating .
Conclusion
There 's actually a lot of variety in ranking systems , and even though we'd like them to be totally objective , various subjective elements often creep into these systems .
In addition , there 's a lot of variety in what ranking systems can do .
For competitive systems , hierarchy , privilege , matching , and handicapping are some of the top purposes of ranking .
Determining what a ranking system is going to do is a necessary first step in designing the system , as different systems will accomplish various goals to a better or worse degree .
ELO , in several variants , is the best studied and most used competitive ranking system .
It works particularly well as a matching system .
However , even ELO has flaws in it , among them : issues with new player rankings ; its core two - player basis ; its lack of provisions for teams ; a few minor subjective elements ; and problems with cheaters .
New systems continue to be rolled out on the Internet to resolve these issues , and overall , it 's an area of interesting new study .
Tournament systems and threshold systems offer a few good examples of competitive ranking systems with very different purposes , underlying the need to understand what you 're doing before you do it .
Ranking systems also lay very near yet another type of Collective Choice : reputation systems .
We briefly addressed reputation systems when talking about threshold systems and will return to this in our next article .
Related articles from this blog :
Related articles from Shannon Appelcline 's Trials , Triumphs & Trivialities :
Comments
original layout
Getting low prices takes patience
Perhaps the most underrated savings tool is simple patience .
When a new consumer product hits the shelves — say , a DVD of a movie that came out recently or a new model of a laptop — it ’s generally sold at the manufacturer ’s suggested retail price , or MSRP .
After some time has passed , however , that price will start to drop .
This happens either because the retailer decides to put it on sale or because the manufacturer itself decides to implement a price cut to boost sales .
So how long do you actually have to wait to start seeing the price decrease ?
For individual products it will depend a lot on sales figures .
The Nintendo 3DS , for instance , saw a price cut of $ 80 after just five months , a move prompted by sluggish sales .
But it ’s also possible to look at past trends to estimate average wait times for different classes of products .
To do so , we researched a number of price - tracking sites to find out just how much patience shoppers need to show to get the best price .
Here ’s how long you can expect to wait before that new product you have your eye on will see its first significant drop in price .
Books and e-books
When it comes to books , the main price drop comes when the book is released in the much - cheaper paperback format .
E- books , meanwhile , tend to follow the lead of their print counterparts .
“ The first price drop ( for an e-book ) is going to come when the paperback comes out , ” says Christian Hupfeld , founder of eReaderIQ , a site that tracks price drops in the e-book market .
Unfortunately , the paperback release timeline is hard to predict .
“ The timeline has been getting smaller , and it does have a huge variance , ” he says .
That variance depends a lot on sales .
While you used to have to wait about a year for the paperback to come out , these days the wait can be less than six months .
It could be longer than a year if the book is still selling briskly in hardcover .
Take George R.R. Martin ’s “ A Dance With Dragons , ” the latest in a best - selling fantasy series that has become even more popular since HBO adapted it into “ Game of Thrones . ”
The book is n’t due out on paperback until late August , more than 13 months after it was released in hardcover .
Video games Based on data provided by CamelCamelCamel , a site that tracks prices on Amazon.com , video games tend to start falling in price just a few weeks after release .
During this time , the first price drop falls in a range of 3 percent to 6 percent .
Take “ Max Payne 3 , ” for instance , which came out May 15 at an initial price of $ 60 .
According to CamelCamelCamel , the game saw its first price drop ( to just less than $ 58 ) by the end of May , and it dropped again to just more than $ 52 in early June .
In other words , gamers willing to wait just a few weeks after release were able to get a discount of about 12 percent on the game .
Why should new games fall in price so quickly ?
One theory suggests the used - game market is responsible .
Many people who buy a game on day one may be done playing it within a few weeks , and they ’ll subsequently trade in the game to a used - game store such as GameStop , where it will be sold at discounts of $ 5 to $ 10 .
With gently used versions of the game available at a discount after just a few weeks , retailers have to drop prices to compete .
TVs
It ’s never fun to see the new TV or stereo you just bought drop in price a week after you buy it .
Thankfully , there are sites out there to help you avoid that feeling altogether .
According to pricing data gathered by Decide.com , a site that tracks historic pricing trends and intelligence on when next - generation products are due to be released , TVs rank as the most volatile class of consumer electronics .
On average , 30 percent of new television models see a price drop of at least 5 percent within just 10 days of release .
Within 25 days of release , 50 percent of new television models see a drop in price , meaning that if you wait a month after that TV hits the shelves , there ’s a better - than - average chance it will have dropped in price .
Decide CEO
Mike Fridgen attributes this price volatility to competitive forces within a dynamic market .
“ These are higher priced products , and ( they ) have technology that ’s moving at a fast rate — for instance , refresh rate and screen technology , ” he says .
“ You have a lot of new product coming into the market . ”
Smartphones
The smartphone market sometimes feels like a story of Apple versus everyone else , so it ’s no surprise the price - drop timeline is similarly divided .
The pricing of iPhones is fairly predictable at this point :
The baseline model is $ 199 with a new two - year contract .
It remains at that price until the next generation iPhone is released , usually about a year later , at which point the price drops by $ 100 .
Then there ’s Android .
According to Decide , after just 10 days on the market , 10 percent of new Android models have already dropped by a whopping 30 percent of their original price .
And after 35 days , half of all new Android phones drop in price by 30 percent .
While the iPhone takes a full year to come down in price , Android fans only need to wait around a month before the price of that new model comes down significantly .
“ There ’s much more competition on the Android side than on the iOS side , ” says James Brown , director of merchant accounts for price - comparison site PriceGrabber.com .
“ There are new Android phones coming out on a weekly or monthly basis , as opposed to yearly . ”
Laptops and tablets Compared to phones and TVs , computers tend to take a bit longer to start seeing significant price drops .
It takes an average of 40 days for 50 percent of laptops to see a price drop of at least 5 percent , and tablet prices are even stickier .
According to Decide.com ’s survey of 94 top tablet models , it takes a full 65 days before half of new tablets have dropped in price .
Once again , Apple products are the outlier here .
As with the iPhone , iPads will drop in price by $ 100 once the new generation comes out , which usually takes about a year .
Usually a few retailers will pre-emptively drop the price a few weeks before the next generation is due to be announced — but by that time , it ’s worth it to wait a few more weeks to see what features the new version will boast before you decide which to buy .
In general , though , it ’s just as important to consider seasonal trends when it comes to computers and tablets .
Using price - fluctuation data from Decide.com , the three best times to buy a laptop are right after the Consumer Electronics Show in January ( when new models have been announced and the old models will be priced to move ) , just before back - to - school season and after Black Friday .
DVDs According to CamelCamelCamel , the first price change for a new DVD happens within two or three weeks , a time frame similar to video games .
There ’s just one big difference :
That first price change is , on average , a slight increase .
This indicates that a lot of retailers sell new DVDs at a discount on day one and then raise their prices after a period of time .
“ It seems like there may be a lot of pricing competition between retailers when DVDs are first released , ” says Ben Engebreth of CamelCamelCamel .
“ Perhaps this abates a bit after the release , allowing prices to rise modestly . ”
Brown also observes this oddity in the DVD market , noting that the competition brought about by the likes of Netflix and iTunes makes for some volatile pricing .
“ Retailers will add new releases at a discounted rate and use those as a loss leader to get ( customers ) in stores , ” he says .
“ They ’ll start off over the weekend with a box set at a discounted rate , and then the price goes up after a week to the normal MSRP . ”
After that happens , the price will subsequently start to fall again .
But this is a rare occasion when buying on day one might be a wise choice .
Hi Johnn ,
I wanted to reach and thank you for the GM aides .
I have been using them over the last few days and they have sped up my preps 10 fold .
I am running a Horror / Ustalav Pathfinder home brew and the NPC and campaign tracking are awesome .
Our campaign now has 30 + 10 second NPC's and the players at session last night were amazed that there were actual characters to interact with .
New research from the Harvard School of Public Health finds that cigarette makers are targeting young smokers with candy and liqueur - flavored new brands that mask the harsh and toxic properties found in tobacco smoke , and in one case , embedding a hidden flavor pellet within the filter .
Despite assurances from cigarette makers that they no longer target the youth market , the researchers found that new brands are being marketed to young smokers and racial / ethnic groups using colorful and stylish packaging and exploiting adolescents ' attraction to candy flavors .
The study appears in the November / December issue of the journal , Health Affairs .
The researchers sifted through a database of more than 7 million internal tobacco industry documents spanning more than 30 years for information on alternative flavors and flavor technology used in the development of products targeting new and younger smokers .
Carrie Carpenter , lead author of the study and a research analyst at HSPH stated , " Flavored cigarettes can promote youth smoking initiation and help young occasional smokers to become daily smokers by reducing or masking the natural harshness and taste of tobacco smoke and increasing the acceptability of a toxic product . "
A 1993 internal document stated , " Growing interest in new flavor sensations ( i.e. soft drinks , snack foods ) among younger adult consumers may indicate new opportunities for enhanced - flavor tobacco products that could leverage [ a brand 's ] current strength among younger adult smokers . "
Internal research by the tobacco industry showed manufacturers that they could capitalize on youths ' attraction to candy flavors .
They used innovative product technology , such as a flavor pellet imbedded in one company 's cigarette filters , to deliver fruit and liqueur flavors .
Some of the flavored cigarettes the companies have developed include ; Mandarin Mint , Mocha Taboo , Mintrigue , Kauai Kolada , Margarita Mixer and others .
Fruit and candy flavors were also added to smokeless tobacco products , cigars and cigarette rolling papers .
Gregory Connolly , senior author of the study and a professor of the practice of public health at HSPH noted , " Tobacco companies are using candy - like flavors and high tech delivery devices to turn a blowtorch into a flavored popsicle , misleading millions of youngsters to try a deadly product .
Adding candy flavors to a toxic product ( cigarettes ) is n't any different than adding sugar to contaminated meat a century ago .
The only difference is that today one is regulated by the FDA and the other is not . "
Dr. Cheryl Healton , president and CEO of the American Legacy Foundation , a funder of the study , commented , " The public should recognize these products for what they are - a tool to lure younger smokers to their brands , and then potentially to a lifetime of tobacco addiction . "
###
The study ; " New Cigarette Brands with Flavors That Appeal to Youth : Tobacco Marketing Strategies ; Health Affairs , November / December 2005 , Volume 24 , number 6 , was funded by the American Legacy Foundation and the National Cancer Institute .
Harvard School of Public Health is dedicated to advancing the public 's health through learning , discovery , and communication .
More than 300 faculty members are engaged in teaching and training the 900 - plus student body in a broad spectrum of disciplines crucial to the health and well being of individuals and populations around the world .
Programs and projects range from the molecular biology of AIDS vaccines to the epidemiology of cancer ; from risk analysis to violence prevention ; from maternal and children 's health to quality of care measurement ; from health care management to international health and human rights .
For more information on the school visit : www.hsph.harvard.edu
Story Highlights •
High - tech program seeks to aid herders in Afghanistan
• Computers predict and forecast vegetation growth for livestock
• Herds ' manure studied using a spectrometer
• Other programs in Mongolia , Kenya , Ethiopia , and Tanzania
Adjust font size :
COLLEGE STATION , Texas ( CNN ) -- Satellites , cell phones and spectrometers : Probably not the first things you think of when you picture sheep and goat herders in Afghanistan .
But those modern tools may soon make the lives of nomadic families a little more stable .
Afghanistan is the latest location for projects coordinated by the University of California - Davis and Texas A&M University , to provide early warning systems about animal health and to help pinpoint the location of the healthiest grazing areas .
A $ 4.4 million grant from the U.S. Agency for International Development 's Mission to Afghanistan will fund the effort for four years .
" Agriculture is so fundamental to helping people become economically self - sufficient , " said Elsa Murano , dean of Agriculture and Life Sciences at Texas A&M University in College Station , Texas .
( Watch nomadic herders get a feel for 21st century technology )
" And the economic stability that comes from being able to sell your goods , produce your goods , and get an income from that is a stabilizing force like no other , " she said .
Texas A&M research scientist Jay Angerer , who worked with herders in Mongolia , says there is a mixed reaction when he first explains the tools and how they might help .
" I think that they 're welcoming in the sense that they 're glad that someone is concerned about their issues and problems , and I think they 're very curious and interested , " said Angerer .
But he says it is also important to respect the understanding they have gained from generations of tending sheep , goats , cattle , and horses .
In addition to the natural disasters of drought and dust storms , herding families in east Africa and Afghanistan have also had to survive civil wars and unstable governments .
" I always tell people that I train that this should n't be the only tool that you use to make a decision .
There 's lots of information out there , " said Angerer .
The U.S. researchers are often joined by scientists and college students from the region to collect and analyze plant samples .
That data about forage is added to information about climate and precipitation , some from satellite information , and some from ground reporting stations .
Computer models then predict how those plants will grow , based on soil conditions and rainfall .
The researchers can then forecast where the richest vegetation will be , especially if drought or other crisis conditions exist .
" By giving that information you could provide the herder the information to know whether they need to sell animals , buy supplements or to make a decision that , ' I 'm going to cope with this drought by hanging on just a little bit longer ' , " said Angerer .
Analyzing manure
The livestock experts also gain important clues about animal health from the herds ' manure .
" We 're using a very convenient product , manure , to determine what the animals were consuming , what their diet was , which tells us , are they healthy ?
Are they going to gain weight ?
Are they going to meet their reproductive demands ? " said Kris Banik , lab manager at the Grazingland Animal Nutrition Lab at Texas A&M .
At that Texas lab , samples from farms and ranches are carefully dried and pulverized before they are analyzed with a Near Infrared Reflectance Spectroscopy machine , or NIRS .
The device provides a biochemical snapshot of the organic material , indicating how much protein and other digestible organic matter the animals have consumed .
But shepherds and herders , often on the move in mountains or deserts , do not have the luxury of a nearby lab .
So researchers developed a tool to take to their turf .
A portable spectroscopy unit can accomplish the same thing , with almost instant results that can provide early warning to herders of their animals ' health .
" If we can go out in the pasture in real time and be able to take a scan of that sample , and then be able to give an answer right then , we 'll cut five days off that decision - making process , " said Doug Tolleson , director of the Grazingland Animal Nutrition Lab at Texas A&M .
" If you had a rapid onset of a drought , that could make a lot of difference . "
When scientists arrive in a new region , one of the first tasks is to seek input from local experts .
Professor Robert Kaitho , an animal nutritionist at Texas A&M , has helped coordinate programs in Kenya , Ethiopia , and Tanzania .
" I am trained in the region , and before I joined this project I had worked under the agriculture resource system for more than 20 years , " said Kaitho .
" In the communities we are constantly providing them advisories .
They were able to move the animals to areas where there was forage during drought , and were able to minimize their losses , " he said .
And Kaitho says technology now goes beyond just keeping animals healthier .
It can help families get a better price for their animals , through a cell phone , or any Internet connection .
Sending a text message to a cell phone number will get within a couple of minutes the current market prices for livestock .
" They are able to get information otherwise that was only limited to middle men , and those who had connections in the cities , " he said .
" Now , the common people have access to that same information . "
" We do n't see it as our role at all to change their lifestyles , " said Professor Paul Dyke , research scientist at the Texas Agricultural Experiment Station at Texas A&M in Temple , Texas .
" It 's to go in and try to give them information to really try to apply some of this , what seems to be and is fairly high - tech science and apply it down into what we generally think is the poorest of the poor .
They are in very fragile lands , very marginal lands , and they face a lot of problems in knowing when to move and when to reduce herds , " said Dyke .
" We have always been trying to push good science down to the level that it really makes a difference , and if we do n't reach the people that it affects on a day to day basis , then as far as I am concerned , then we have missed our objectives , " said Dyke .
In nearly three decades of global efforts , the academic teams also have worked with nongovernmental organizations including Mercy Corps , and various other international humanitarian aid agencies that work at the grassroots level .
" These are programs that have existed for 27 years , and what we have done is build strong partnerships with our local collaborators , in a way that they are involved in all the decision making about the design and implementation of these projects , " said Montague Demment , professor of plant sciences and director of the UC Davis - based Global Livestock Collaborative Research Support Program .
In Afghanistan , the scientists will be working with the Afghan Ministry of Agriculture , and Kabul University .
" We not only have to understand the biology and the ecology , but you also have to understand the political and social context .
Our folks on the ground have learned to become part of the local landscape , " said Demment .
" One of the biggest mistakes you can make is to think that you understand all the answers to questions before you go into these situations .
So in a sense , it takes some time on the ground to learn about the constraints , the cultural issues , and to be able to do this in an effective manner , " said Demment .
So how do the herders feel about scientists from other countries bringing in their new tools to a very established lifestyle ?
Michael J. Jacobs has been in Afghanistan for two months as the project coordinator for the Afghanistan Pastoral Engagement , Adaptation and Capacity Enhancement ( PEACE ) project .
He says he visited Policharkhe , an area where Kuchi tribespeople spend a few months between their summer and winter grazing lands .
Through a translator , Jacobs talked to one sheep and goat herder .
At one point the translator started to chuckle .
Jacobs asked him what the herder had said .
The translator said : " He is asking what took you so long to help them . "
An Israeli ground offensive in Gaza continues , as does the bombing
An Israeli government spokeswoman , Miri Eisen , said the militants had offered only a partial ceasefire .
She said the offer of an end to firing rockets from Gaza showed a lack of real commitment to peace .
The conditional Palestinian offer was made after a meeting on Thursday of all armed factions , including Hamas .
The militant group Hamas leads the Palestinian Authority .
Israel has in the past consistently rejected ceasefire offers by Palestinian militants , saying it refuses to do deals of any kind with what it describes as terrorist organisations .
Rocket fire
Palestinian Qassam rockets are fired into Israel on a daily basis .
They have killed two Israelis in the past 10 days .
A 57 - year - old Palestinian woman killed herself in an attack on Israeli forces
Israel has launched frequent ground offensives into Gaza Strip to try to stop the militants who launch the rockets .
It has also shelled targets in Gaza heavily .
Israel evacuated its settlements and military bases in Gaza last year , but the military renewed ground operations after militants captured an Israeli soldier in a border raid in June .
Since June , Israeli troops have killed more than 400 Palestinians in Gaza , roughly half of them civilians .
Three Israeli soldiers have died in operations and two civilians were killed by rocket fire .
Continuing offensive
On Thursday , at least five Palestinians were killed by Israeli military action in the Gaza Strip as troops pressed on with operations against armed groups .
Two militants were killed in an air strike in Beit Lahiya and two others died in armed clashes with troops .
Another man was also shot dead .
The deaths came as a 57 - year - old female suicide bomber attacked Israeli troops in Jabaliya .
Three Israeli troops were slightly wounded in the blast .
The Israeli army says that a group of soldiers became suspicious of an approaching woman .
They threw a stun grenade at her but she managed to detonate explosives that she was carrying .
Governing Palestinian party Hamas claimed responsibility for the attack by the bomber and named her as Fatma Najar , a mother and grandmother .
Phishing is a fraudulent attempt , usually made through email , to steal your personal information .
Learn more ...
What is PhishTank ?
PhishTank is a collaborative clearing house for data and information about phishing on the Internet .
Also , PhishTank provides an open API for developers and researchers to integrate anti-phishing data into their applications at no charge .
Read the FAQ ...
LONDON , Aug. 16 - An official investigation was reported Tuesday to have directly contradicted the police account of the killing of a young Brazilian man after the bombing attempts in London on July 21 , including the assertion that he had been fleeing officers when he was shot .
The man , Jean Charles de Menezes , a 27 - year - old electrician , was shot several times in front of horrified passengers on July 22 on a subway train at Stockwell station , in South London .
The killing came a day after four attackers failed to detonate bombs in what seemed to be a copy of the deadly bombings two weeks earlier , and it intensified an already emotional debate over the introduction of armed police units .
At the time , the police said Mr. Menezes wore a bulky jacket on a hot day , began running from officers despite commands to halt , vaulted the ticket turnstile and ran stumbling onto the subway train .
On Tuesday , however , a news report on British television said an inquiry led by the Independent Police Complaints Commission had contradicted every one of those points .
The report said that the officers had misidentified Mr. Menezes as one of the failed July 21 attackers and that he was killed even though he walked into the subway station wearing a light denim jacket , did not vault the turnstile and was sitting on the train when the officers moved in .
An alleged operative for Al Qaeda imprisoned for 3 1 / 2 years as an enemy combatant is saying he was tortured and forcibly medicated with " a sort of truth serum " while in a Navy brig .
Jose Padilla , 35 , was arrested in 2002 on suspicions that he was plotting a radioactive explosion , also known as a dirty bomb .
He spent several years in a military jail in Charleston , S.C. , without facing criminal charges .
As legal wrangling over his fate continued , prosecutors in Miami charged him late last year with providing material support to a terrorist group and conspiring to murder , maim , and kidnap Americans abroad .
Lawyers for Padilla , who was born in Brooklyn and converted to Islam while in prison for gang - related crimes , made the claims of torture in a motion filed last week with a federal court in Florida .
" He was threatened with being cut with a knife and having alcohol poured on the wounds .
He was also threatened with imminent execution , " the chief federal defender in Miami , Michael Caruso , wrote .
" Additionally , Padilla was given drugs against his will , believed to be some form of lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD ) or phencyclidine ( PCP ) , to act as a sort of truth serum during his interrogations . "
Padilla 's attorneys argued that the alleged torture constitutes " outrageous government conduct " that requires that the criminal case against Padilla be dismissed .
Judge Marcia Cooke has already dropped one of the charges against Padilla , but he could still be sentenced to life in prison on the other charges .
The trial has been delayed until next January , at the earliest .
A top Al Qaeda leader , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , reportedly admitted during interrogations that he tasked Padilla with locating radioactive materials and scouting out locations for a dirty bomb .
However , the pending indictment against Padilla makes no mention of such a plot .
A spokesman for the Navy referred questions about Padilla 's treatment to the Justice Department .
Prosecutors handling the case did not respond to calls seeking comment for this article .
Welcome to nobleflash.com
Nobleflash founded in October 2006 .
It has been our mission to upkeep this game site to the excellence , at least a new game is added to the site everyday for the pleasure of all players .
Up to this point , we have collected 3000 games and more .
All the games have been proved test and modified to the best satisfaction of our honorable players .
As time goes by , we have grown up from a young child to an adult , and the games have transformed from some simple designed games to professional gorgeous interactive games .
The games offered here are just simply for relaxation .
You do n't need to spare too many time for the joyfulness of the games .
All the games here are free , even free from installation hassle .
Some of you may find your sweet old buddies here , like the classic series of Mario Bros games , street fighter series such as Tetris , Street Fighter , Metal Slug , Raiden , Sonic Gear and more .
Some other games are developed from movies .
As the games creativity and innovation roll over the time , you can find a lot of great memories through the games .
Nobleflash is really a good site to spend time at .
All the content of the games have been screened through thoroughly .
You wo n't find any negative aspect , porny stuff or gambling game here .
Parents , you are assured that this is a safe game site for your kids .
On the other hand , the kids will learn up reaction skill and creativity when playing these games .
Kids who love playing games wo n't go nasty .
MY FRIENDS , I MUST ASK YOU AN IMPORTANT QUESTION TODAY :
Where do you stand on God ?
It`s a question you may prefer not to be asked .
But I`m afraid I have no choice .
We find ourselves , this very autumn , three and a half centuries after the intellectual martyrdom of Galileo , caught up in a struggle of ultimate importance , when each one of us must make a commitment .
It is time to declare our position .
This is the challenge posed by the New Atheists .
We are called upon , we lax agnostics , we noncommittal nonbelievers , we vague deists who would be embarrassed to defend antique absurdities like the Virgin Birth or the notion that Mary rose into heaven without dying , or any other blatant myth ; we are called out , we fence - sitters , and told to help exorcise this debilitating curse : the curse of faith .
The New Atheists will not let us off the hook simply because we are not doctrinaire believers .
They condemn not just belief in God but respect for belief in God.
Religion is not only wrong ; it`s evil .
Now that the battle has been joined , there`s no excuse for shirking .
Three writers have sounded this call to arms .
They are Richard Dawkins , Sam Harris , and Daniel Dennett .
A few months ago , I set out to talk with them .
I wanted to find out what it would mean to enlist in the war against faith .
OXFORD IS THE CAPITAL of reason , its Jerusalem .
The walls glint gold in the late afternoon , as waves or particles of light scatter off the ancient bricks .
Logic Lane , a tiny road under a low , right - angled bridge , cuts sharply across to the place where Robert Boyle formulated his law on gases and Robert Hooke first used a microscope to see a living cell .
A few steps away is the memorial to Percy Bysshe Shelley .
Here he lies , sculpted naked in stone , behind the walls of the university that expelled him almost 200 years ago – for atheism .
Richard Dawkins , the leading light of the New Atheism movement , lives and works in a large brick house just 20 minutes away from the Shelley memorial .
Dawkins , formerly a fellow at New College , is the Charles Simonyi Professor of the Public Understanding of Science .
He is 65 years old , and the book that made him famous , The Selfish Gene , dates from well back in the last century .
The opposition it earned from rival theorizers and popularizers of Charles Darwin , such as Stephen Jay Gould , is fading into history .
Gould died in 2002 , and Dawkins , while acknowledging their battles , praised his influence on scientific culture .
They were allies in the battle against creationism .
Dawkins , however , has been far more belligerent in counterattack .
His most recent book is called The God Delusion .
Dawkins` style of debate is as maddening as it is reasonable .
A few months earlier , in front of an audience of graduate students from around the world , Dawkins took on a famous geneticist and a renowned neurosurgeon on the question of whether God was real .
The geneticist and the neurosurgeon advanced their best theistic arguments : Human consciousness is too remarkable to have evolved ; our moral sense defies the selfish imperatives of nature ; the laws of science themselves display an order divine ; the existence of God can never be disproved by purely empirical means .
Dawkins rejected all these claims , but the last one – that science could never disprove God – provoked him to sarcasm .
“ There`s an infinite number of things that we can`t disprove , ” he said .
“ You might say that because science can explain just about everything but not quite , it`s wrong to say therefore we don`t need God .
It is also , I suppose , wrong to say we don`t need the Flying Spaghetti Monster , unicorns , Thor , Wotan , Jupiter , or fairies at the bottom of the garden .
There`s an infinite number of things that some people at one time or another have believed in , and an infinite number of things that nobody has believed in .
If there`s not the slightest reason to believe in any of those things , why bother ?
The onus is on somebody who says , I want to believe in God , Flying Spaghetti Monster , fairies , or whatever it is .
It is not up to us to disprove it . ”
Science , after all , is an empirical endeavor that traffics in probabilities .
The probability of God , Dawkins says , while not zero , is vanishingly small .
He is confident that no Flying Spaghetti Monster exists .
Why should the notion of some deity that we inherited from the Bronze Age get more respectful treatment ?
Dawkins has been talking this way for years , and his best comebacks are decades old .
For instance , the Flying Spaghetti Monster is a variant of the tiny orbiting teapot used by Bertrand Russell for similar rhetorical duty back in 1952 .
Dawkins is perfectly aware that atheism is an ancient doctrine and that little of what he has to say is likely to change the terms of this stereotyped debate .
But he continues to go at it .
His true interlocutors are not the Christians he confronts directly but the wavering nonbelievers or quasi believers among his listeners – people like me , potential New Atheists who might be inspired by his example .
“ I`m quite keen on the politics of persuading people of the virtues of atheism , ” Dawkins says , after we get settled in one of the high - ceilinged , ground - floor rooms .
He asks me to keep an eye on his bike , which sits just behind him , on the other side of a window overlooking the street .
“ The number of nonreligious people in the US is something nearer to 30 million than 20 million , ” he says .
“ That`s more than all the Jews in the world put together .
I think we`re in the same position the gay movement was in a few decades ago .
There was a need for people to come out .
The more people who came out , the more people had the courage to come out .
I think that`s the case with atheists .
They are more numerous than anybody realizes . ”
Dawkins looks forward to the day when the first US politician is honest about being an atheist .
“ Highly intelligent people are mostly atheists , ” he says .
“ Not a single member of either house of Congress admits to being an atheist .
It just doesn`t add up .
Either they`re stupid , or they`re lying .
And have they got a motive for lying ?
Of course they`ve got a motive !
Everybody knows that an atheist can`t get elected . ”
When atheists finally begin to gain some power , what then ?
Here is where Dawkins` analogy breaks down .
Gay politics is strictly civil rights : Live and let live .
But the atheist movement , by his lights , has no choice but to aggressively spread the good news .
Evangelism is a moral imperative .
Dawkins does not merely disagree with religious myths .
He disagrees with tolerating them , with cooperating in their colonization of the brains of innocent tykes .
“ How much do we regard children as being the property of their parents ? ” Dawkins asks .
“ It`s one thing to say people should be free to believe whatever they like , but should they be free to impose their beliefs on their children ?
Is there something to be said for society stepping in ?
What about bringing up children to believe manifest falsehoods ? ”
Dawkins is the inventor of the concept of the meme , that is , a cultural replicator that spreads from brain to brain , like a virus .
Dawkins is also a believer in democracy .
He understands perfectly well that there are practical constraints on controlling the spread of bad memes .
If the solution to the spread of wrong ideas and contagious superstitions is a totalitarian commissariat that would silence believers , then the cure is worse than the disease .
But such constraints are no excuse for the weak - minded pretense that religious viruses are trivial , much less benign .
Bad ideas foisted on children are moral wrongs .
We should think harder about how to stop them .
It is exactly this trip down Logic Lane , this conscientious deduction of conclusions from premises , that makes Dawkins` proclamations a torment to his moderate allies .
While frontline warriors against creationism are busy reassuring parents and legislators that teaching Darwin`s theory does not undermine the possibility of religious devotion , Dawkins is openly agreeing with the most stubborn fundamentalists that evolution must lead to atheism .
I tell Dawkins what he already knows :
He is making life harder for his friends .
He barely shrugs .
“ Well , it`s a cogent point , and I have to face that .
My answer is that the big war is not between evolution and creationism , but between naturalism and supernaturalism .
The sensible ” – and here he pauses to indicate that sensible should be in quotes – “ the `sensible` religious people are really on the side of the fundamentalists , because they believe in supernaturalism .
That puts me on the other side . ”
THREE YEARS AGO , Dawkins adopted a new word to demarcate the types of things he couldn`t believe in .
The word is bright , a noun .
Coined by Sacramento , California , educators Paul Geisert and Mynga Futrell to designate a person with a naturalistic worldview , bright was designed to be broader than the atheist movement ; it is not merely God that is untenable , but superstition , credulity , and magical thinking in general .
Dawkins happened to be present in the spring of 2003 when Geisert and Futrell unveiled their proposal at an atheist conference in Florida , and he subsequently issued a public call in The Guardian and in Wired urging its use .
The monthly Brights meetup in London is among the largest .
The main organizer , Glen Slade , is a 41 - year - old entrepreneur who studied computer science at the University of Cambridge and management at Insead , Europe`s leading business school .
Slade points out that political developments in Europe and the US have created new opportunities for consciousness - raising .
“ The war on terror wakes people up to the fact that there is more than one religion in the world , ” Slade says .
“ I think we`re at a crucial point , when we admit that certain types of religion are incompatible with certain rights .
At what point does society say , ` Hey , that`s insane` ? ”
Like Dawkins ,
Slade rejects those who might once have been his allies : agnostics and liberal believers , the type of people who may go to church but who are skeptical of doctrine .
“ Moderates give a power base to extremists , ” Slade says .
“ A lot of Catholics use condoms , a lot of Catholics are divorced , and a lot don`t have a particular opinion about whether you are homosexual .
But when the Pope stands up and says , ` This is what Catholics believe , ` he still gets credit for speaking for more than a billion people . ”
Now that people are more worried about the fatwas of Muslim clerics , Slade says , this concern could spread , become more general , and wake people up to damage caused by the Pope .
For the New Atheists , the problem is not any specific doctrine , but religion in general .
Or , as Dawkins writes in The God Delusion , “ As long as we accept the principle that religious faith must be respected simply because it is religious faith , it is hard to withhold respect from the faith of Osama bin Laden and the suicide bombers . ”
The New Atheist insight is that one might start anywhere – with an intellectual argument , with a visceral rejection of Islamic or Christian fundamentalism , with political disgust – and then , by relentless and logical steps , renounce every supernatural crutch .
I RETURN FROM OXFORD enthusiastic for argument .
I immediately begin trying out Dawkins` appeal in polite company .
At dinner parties or over drinks , I ask people to declare themselves .
“ Who here is an atheist ? ” I ask .
Usually , the first response is silence , accompanied by glances all around in the hope that somebody else will speak first .
Then , after a moment , somebody does , almost always a man , almost always with a defiant smile and a tone of enthusiasm .
He says happily , “ I am ! ”
But it is the next comment that is telling .
Somebody turns to him and says : “ You would be . ”
“ Why ? ”
“ Because you enjoy pissing people off . ”
“ Well , that`s true . ”
This type of conversation takes place not in central Ohio , where I was born , or in Utah , where I was a teenager , but on the West Coast , among technical and scientific people , possibly the social group that is least likely among all Americans to be religious .
Most of these people call themselves agnostic , but they don`t harbor much suspicion that God is real .
They tell me they reject atheism not out of piety but out of politeness .
As one said , “ Atheism is like telling somebody , ` The very thing you hinge your life on , I totally dismiss .
`”
This is the type of statement she would never want to make .
This is the statement the New Atheists believe must be made – loudly , clearly , and before it`s too late .
I continue to invite my friends for a nice , invigorating stroll down Logic Lane .
For the most part , they just laugh and wave me on .
AS I TEST OUT the New Atheist arguments , I realize that the problem with logic is that it doesn`t quicken the blood sufficiently – even my own .
But if logic by itself won`t do the trick , how about the threat of apocalypse ?
The apocalyptic argument for atheism is the province of Sam Harris , who released a book two years ago called The End of Faith : Religion , Terror , and the Future of Reason .
Harris argues that , unless we renounce faith , religious violence will soon bring civilization to an end .
Between 2004 and 2006 , his book sold more than a quarter million copies .
This autumn , Harris has a new book out , Letter to a Christian Nation .
In it , he demonstrates the behavior he believes atheists should adopt when talking with Christians .
“ Nonbelievers like myself stand beside you , ” he writes , addressing his imaginary opponent , “ dumbstruck by the Muslim hordes who chant death to whole nations of the living .
But we stand dumbstruck by you as well – by your denial of tangible reality , by the suffering you create in service to your religious myths , and by your attachment to an imaginary God . ”
In midsummer , Harris and I overlap for a few days in Southern California , so we arrange to meet for lunch .
I am not looking for more atheist arguments .
I am already steeped in them .
I have by now read my David Hume , my Bertrand Russell , even my Shelley .
I want to talk to Harris about emotion , about politics , about his conviction that the days of civilization are numbered unless we renounce irrational belief .
Given the way things are going , I want to know if he is depressed .
Is he preparing for the end ?
He is not .
“ Look at slavery , ” he says .
We are at a beautiful restaurant in Santa Monica , near the public lots from which Americans – nearly 80 percent of whom believe the Bible is the true word of God , if polls are correct – walk happily down to the beach in various states of undress .
“ People used to think , ” Harris says , “ that slavery was morally acceptable .
The most intelligent , sophisticated people used to accept that you could kidnap whole families , force them to work for you , and sell their children .
That looks ridiculous to us today .
We`re going to look back and be amazed that we approached this asymptote of destructive capacity while allowing ourselves to be balkanized by fantasy .
What seems quixotic is quixotic – on this side of a radical change .
From the other side , you can`t believe it didn`t happen earlier .
At some point , there is going to be enough pressure that it is just going to be too embarrassing to believe in God . ”
Suddenly I notice in myself a protective feeling toward Harris .
Here is a man who believes that a great global change , perhaps the most important cultural change in the history of humanity , will occur out of sheer intellectual embarrassment .
We discuss what it might look like , this world without God .
“ There would be a religion of reason , ” Harris says .
“ We would have realized the rational means to maximize human happiness .
We may all agree that we want to have a Sabbath that we take really seriously – a lot more seriously than most religious people take it .
But it would be a rational decision , and it would not be just because it`s in the Bible .
We would be able to invoke the power of poetry and ritual and silent contemplation and all the variables of happiness so that we could exploit them .
Call it prayer , but we would have prayer without bullshit . ”
I do call it prayer .
Here is the atheist prayer : that our reason will subjugate our superstition , that our intelligence will check our illusions , that we will be able to hold at bay the evil temptation of faith .
THAT WEEK in Los Angeles it is very hot .
Temperatures in the San Fernando Valley , where I`m staying , set a record at 119 .
Intermittent power outages kill the lights , and the region is bathed in an old - fashioned brown smog that blurs the outlines of the trees .
In the evening , as it cools to 102 , I decide to enter the emplacements of the adversary .
I am headed for the Angelus Temple , in Echo Park .
A landmark of modern Christianity , it is one of the original churches of the surging charismatic movement .
It is not the richest church , nor the most powerful , nor the most famous .
But Angelus , founded by Aimee Semple McPherson in the 1920s , pioneered that combination of high production values and uplifting theology that began to purge the stain of hickdom from evangelical faith .
Aside from being a historical shrine , the Angelus Temple is a case study in religious evolution .
While the New Atheists are arming themselves against faith , faith itself renews its arms .
Superstition , it turns out , is a moving target .
In 2001 , a merger with a thriving church downtown , run by the young son of a powerful pastor in Phoenix , brought renewal – not merely in the form of massive social outreach and volunteer programs , youth events , and Bible study groups , but also , as the church explains on its
Web site , in the form of “ new cushioned theater seats , Ferrari - red carpet , modern stainless steel fixtures , and acoustical absorbers hung decoratively from the ceiling similar to the Royal Albert Hall in England . ”
It is Saturday night , and I am greeted at the door by a blast of air - conditioning and a wave of sound .
It looks like a rock concert .
It is a rock concert .
More than 500 teenagers are crowding the stage , hands uplifted , singing along .
There is a 12 - member band , four huge videoscreens , and a crane that allows the camera to swoop through the air , projecting images of the believers back to themselves .
“ How many people are excited to give to the Lord tonight ? ” asks a young man who saunters up to the front .
He handles his microphone naturally ; he is not self - conscious .
“ How many people are pumped up ?
You have a destiny .
God has a plan .
But you have got to sow some seeds tonight , or it is never going to happen . ”
Text flashes across the overhead screens , telling the teenagers how to make out their checks .
Behind the lighting rigs and the acoustic panels , stained glass peeks out , a relic of McPherson`s era .
McPherson was personally wild and doctrinally flexible .
She had visions and spoke in tongues , but she tried to put aside sectarian disputes .
Even today , the charismatic movement is somewhat careless of doctrine .
There is room for theistic evolutionists , for nonliteralists who hold that each of God`s days in Genesis was the equivalent of a geological epoch , even for the notion that a check made out properly to the Lord can influence divine whim in the matter of a raise at work or a scholarship to college .
Of course , evolutionary accommodation is controversial in the seminaries , and the idea of bribing God is rank heresy – no trained theologian in any Christian tradition would endorse it .
But such deviations are generously tolerated in practice .
The forces at work in a living church have little to do with intellectual disputes over the meaning of the Lord`s word .
Having agreed that the Bible is inerrant , one is permitted to put it to use .
This use is supremely practical .
Pastor Matthew Barnett , onstage , wears the uniform of America – jeans with loafers , a short - sleeved knit shirt .
It`s one of the costumes Kanye West wore on his Touch the Sky Tour , the same costume kids put on to go fold clothes at the mall .
Like Kanye , like the kids at the mall , like millions of sober alcoholics , like Jesus , Pastor Matt – as he`s called – does not traffic in proofs .
Instead he tells stories .
For instance , Pastor Matt used to be fat .
Every night at 10 pm , it was off to an orgy of junk food at Jack in the Box .
Two monster tacos , curly fries , a chocolate shake .
He was programmed .
He was helpless .
He could not resist .
“ The devil is a lion seeking whom he may devour , ” Pastor Matt says .
On the other hand , strength to resist temptation is an explicit promise from the Lord .
Let us read from 1 Corinthians : God is faithful , who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able ; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape , that ye may be able to bear it .
Anybody who has ever been a teenager will recognize the relevance of Pastor Matt`s sermon .
These are the years of confusion , temptation , struggles with self - control .
Pastor Matt openly shares with the teenagers the great humiliation he faced when trying to lose weight .
The pastor is trim and handsome now .
He talks intimately with the teenagers about food , about sex , about drugs .
He boosts them up .
He helps them cope with their shame .
He tells them that they are kings anointed by God , that they simply need to pray , and have faith , and be honest , and express their vulnerability , and work hard , and if they do these things they are guaranteed their reward .
When he calls them to the stage , hundreds go .
He puts his hands on their heads , and some cry .
The altar call is a moving spectacle , and even we adults , we readers of Dawkins and Harris , we practiced reasoners and sincere pilgrims on the path of nonbelief , may find something in it that makes sense .
Notwithstanding the banality of the doctrine , its canned anecdotes , and its questionable fundraising , Pastor Matthew offers a gift to his flock .
They sow their seeds , and he blesses them .
It is a direct exchange .
THE NEXT MORNING , I seek to cleanse my intellectual conscience among the freethinkers .
The Center for Inquiry is also a storied landmark .
True , it is not as striking as the Angelus Temple , being only a bland , low structure at the far end of Hollywood Boulevard , miles away from the tourists .
But this building is the West Coast branch of one of the greatest anti-supernatural organizations in the world .
My favorite thing about the Center for Inquiry is that it is affiliated with the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal , founded 30 years ago by Isaac Asimov , Paul Kurtz , and Carl Sagan and dedicated to spreading misery among every species of quack .
I have become a connoisseur of atheist groups – there are scores of them , mostly local , linked into a few larger networks .
There are some tensions , as is normal in the claustrophobia of powerless subcultures , but relations among the different branches of the movement are mostly friendly .
Typical atheists are hardly the rabble - rousing evangelists that Dawkins or Harris might like .
They are an older , peaceable , quietly frustrated lot , who meet partly out of idealism and partly out of loneliness .
Here in Los Angeles , every fourth Sunday at 11 am , there is a meeting of Atheists United .
More than 50 people have shown up today , which is a very good turnout for atheism .
Many are approaching retirement age .
The speaker this morning , a younger activist named Clark Adams , encourages them with the idea that their numbers are growing .
Look at South Park , Adams urges .
Look at Howard Stern .
Look at Penn & Teller .
These are signs of an infidel upsurge .
Still , Adams admits some marketing concerns .
Atheists are predominant among the “ upper 5 percent , ” he says .
“ Where we`re lagging is among the lower 95 percent . ”
This is a true problem , and it goes beyond the difficulty of selling your ideas among those to whom you so openly condescend .
The sociologist Rodney Stark has argued that the rise and fall of religions can be understood in economic terms .
Believers sacrifice time and money in exchange for both spiritual and material benefits .
In other words , religion is rational , but it is governed by the rationality of trade rather than of argument .
Stark`s theory is academically controversial , but here , in the Sunday morning meeting of Atheists United , it seems obvious that the narrow reasonableness of Adams can hardly be effective with the deal on offer at the Angelus Temple .
“ We`re lagging among the lower 95 percent , ” says Adams .
“ You are kings anointed by God , ” says Pastor Matt .
As the tide of faith rises , atheists , who have no church to buoy them , cling to one another .
That a single celebrity , say , Keanu Reeves , is known to care nothing about God is counted as a victory .
This parochial and moralistic self - regard begins to inspire in me a feeling of oppression .
When Adams starts to recite the names of atheists who may have contributed to the television program Mr. Show With Bob and David between 1995 and 1998 , I leave .
Standing in the half - empty parking lot is a relief , though I am drenched from the heat .
MY PILGRIMAGE is about to become more difficult .
On the one hand , it is obvious that the political prospects of the New Atheism are slight .
People see a contradiction in its tone of certainty .
Contemptuous of the faith of others , its proponents never doubt their own belief .
They are fundamentalists .
I hear this protest dozens of times .
It comes up in every conversation .
Even those who might side with the New Atheists are repelled by their strident tone .
( The founders of the Brights , Geisert and Futrell , became grim at the mention of Sam Harris .
“ We don`t endorse anything from him , ” Geisert said .
We had talked for nearly three hours , and this was the only dark cloud . )
The New Atheists never propose realistic solutions to the damage religion can cause .
For instance , the Catholic Church opposes condom use , which makes it complicit in the spread of AIDS .
But among the most powerful voices against this tragic mistake are liberals within the Church – exactly those allies the New Atheists reject .
The New Atheists care mainly about correct belief .
This makes them hopeless , politically .
But on the other hand , the New Atheism does not aim at success by conventional political means .
It does not balance interests , it does not make compromises , it does not seek common ground .
The New Atheism , outwardly at least , is a straightforward appeal to our intellect .
Atheists make their stand upon the truth .
So is atheism true ?
There`s good evidence from research by anthropologists such as Pascal Boyer and Scott Atran that a grab bag of cognitive predispositions makes us natural believers .
We hear leaves rustle and we imagine that some airy being flutters up there ; we see a corpse and continue to fear the judgment and influence of the person it once was .
Remarkable progress has been made in understanding why faith is congenial to human nature – and of course that still says nothing about whether it is true .
Harris is typically severe in his rejection of the idea that evolutionary history somehow justifies faith .
There is , he writes , “ nothing more natural than rape .
But no one would argue that rape is good , or compatible with a civil society , because it may have had evolutionary advantages for our ancestors . ”
Like rape , Harris says , religion may be a vestige of our primitive nature that we must simply overcome .
A variety of rebuttals to atheism have been tried over the years .
Religious fundamentalists stand on their canonized texts and refuse to budge .
The wisdom of this approach – strategically , at least – is evident when you see the awkward positions nonfundamentalists find themselves in .
The most active defender of faith among scientists right now is Francis Collins , head of the Human Genome Project .
His most recent book is called The Language of God : A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief .
In defiance of the title , Collins never attempts to show that science offers evidence for belief .
Rather , he argues only that nothing in science prohibits belief .
Unsolved problems in diverse fields , along with a skepticism about knowledge in general , are used to demonstrate that a deity might not be impossible .
The problem with this , for defenders of faith , is that they`ve implicitly accepted science as the arbiter of what is real .
This leaves the atheists with the upper hand .
That`s because when secular investigations take the lead , sacred doctrines collapse .
There`s barely a field of modern research – cosmology , biology , archaeology , anthropology , psychology – in which competing religious explanations have survived unscathed .
Even the lowly humanities , which began the demolition job more than 200 years ago with textual criticism of the Bible , continue to make things difficult for believers through careful analysis of the historical origins of religious texts .
While Collins and his fellow reconcilers can defend the notion of faith in the abstract , as soon as they get down to doctrine , the secular professors show up with their corrosive arguments .
When it comes to concrete examples of exactly what we should believe , reason is a slippery slope , and at the bottom – well , at the bottom is atheism .
I spend months resisting this slide .
I turn to the great Oxford professor of science and religion John Hedley Brooke , who convinces me that , contrary to myth , Darwin did not become an atheist because of evolution .
Instead , his growing resistance to Christianity came from his moral criticism of 19th - century doctrine , compounded by the tragedy of his daughter`s death .
Darwin did not believe that evolution proved there was no God .
This is interesting , because the story of Darwin`s relationship to Christianity has figured in polemics for and against evolution for more than a century .
But in the context of a real struggle with the claims of atheism , an accurate history of Darwin`s loss of faith counts for little more than celebrity gossip .
From Brooke , I get pointers on the state of the art in academic theology , particularly those philosophers of religion who write in depth about science , such as Willem Drees and Philip Clayton .
There is a certain illicit satisfaction in this scholarly work , which to an atheist is no better than astrology .
( “ The entire thrust of my position is that Christian theology is a nonsubject , ” Dawkins has written .
“ Vacuous .
Devoid of coherence or content . ” )
On the contrary , I find the best of these books to be brilliant , detailed , self - assured .
I learn about kenosis , the deliberate decision of God not to disturb the natural order .
I learn about panentheism , which says God is both the world and more than the world , and about emergentist theology , which holds that a God might have evolved .
There are deep passages surveying theories of knowledge , glossing Kant , Schelling , and Spinoza .
I discover a daunting diversity of belief , and of course I`m just beginning .
I haven`t even gotten started with Islam , or the Vedic texts , or Zoroastrianism .
It is all admirable and stimulating and lacks only the real help anybody in my position would need : reasons to believe that specific religious ideas are true .
Even the most careful theologians seem to pose the question backward , starting out with their beliefs and clinging to those fragments that science and logic cannot overturn .
The most rigorous of them jettison huge portions of doctrine along the way .
If trained theologians can go this far , who am I to defend supernaturalism on their behalf ?
Why not be an atheist ?
I`ve sought aid far and wide , from Echo Park to Harvard , and finally I am almost ready to give in .
Only one thing is still bothering me .
Were I to declare myself an atheist , what would this mean ?
Would my life have to change ?
Would it become my moral obligation to be uncompromising toward fence - sitting friends ?
That person at dinner , pissing people off with his arrogance , his disrespect , his intellectual scorn – would that be me ?
Besides , do we really understand all that religion means ?
Would it be easy to excise it , even assuming it is false ?
Didn`t they try a cult of reason once , in France , at the close of the 18th century , and didn`t it turn out to be too ugly even for Robespierre ?
THE DOCTOR for these difficulties looks like Santa Claus .
His name is Daniel Dennett .
He is a renowned philosopher , an atheist , and the possessor of a full white beard .
I suspect he must have designed this Father Christmas look intentionally , but in fact it just evolved .
“ In the `60s , I looked like Rasputin , ” he says .
Children have come up to him in airports , checking to see if he is on vacation from the North Pole .
When it happens , he does not torment them with knowledge that the person they mistake him for is not real .
Instead , the philosopher puts his fingers to his lips and says conspiratorially : “ Shhhh . ”
Dennett summers on a farm in Maine .
Flying in , I have a fine view of the old New England tapestry , which grows more and more rural as we move north : symmetrical fields with pale borders like the membranes of cells , barns and outbuildings like organelles , and , at the center of every thickening cluster of life , always the same vestigial structure , whose black dot of a cupola is offset by a whitish gleam .
I know something of the history of the New England church , which began in fanaticism and ended in reform – from witch burning to softest Presbyterianism in a few hundred years .
Now , according to the atheists , these structures serve no useful purpose , and besides , they may be conduits for disease .
Perhaps it is best that we do away with them all .
But can it be done without harm ?
Among the New Atheists , Dennett holds an exalted but ambiguous place .
Like Dawkins and Harris , he is an evangelizing nonbeliever .
He has campaigned in writing on behalf of the Brights and has written a book called Breaking the Spell : Religion as a Natural Phenomenon .
In it , the blasting rhetoric of Dawkins and Harris is absent , replaced by provocative , often humorous examples and thought experiments .
But like the other New Atheists , Dennett gives no quarter to believers who resist subjecting their faith to scientific evaluation .
In fact , he argues that neutral , scientifically informed education about every religion in the world should be mandatory in school .
After all , he argues , “ if you have to hoodwink – or blindfold – your children to ensure that they confirm their faith when they are adults , your faith ought to go extinct . ”
When I arrive at the farm , I find him in the midst of a difficult task .
He has been asked by the President`s Council on Bioethics to write an essay reflecting on human dignity .
In grappling with these issues , Dennett knows that he can`t rely on faith or scripture .
He will not say that life begins when an embryo is ensouled by God .
He will not say that hospitals must not invite the indigent to sell their bodies for medical experiments because humans are endowed by their creator with inalienable rights .
Ethical problems must be solved by reason , not arbitrary rules .
And yet , on the other hand , Dennett knows that reason alone will fail .
We sit in his study , in some creaky chairs , with the deep silence of an August morning around us , and Dennett tells me that he takes very seriously the risk of overreliance on thought .
He doesn`t want people to lose confidence in what he calls their “ default settings , ” by which he means the conviction that their ethical intuitions are trustworthy .
These default settings give us a feeling of security , a belief that our own sacrifices will be reciprocated .
“ If you shatter this confidence , ” he says , “ then you get into a deep hole .
Without trust , everything goes wrong . ”
It interests me that , though Dennett is an atheist , he does not see faith merely as a useless vestige of our primitive nature , something we can , with effort , intellectualize away .
No rational creature , he says , would be able to do without unexamined , sacred things .
“ Would intelligent robots be religious ? ” it occurs to me to ask .
“ Perhaps they would , ” he answers thoughtfully .
“ Although , if they were intelligent enough to evaluate their own programming , they would eventually question their belief in God . ”
Dennett is an advocate of admitting that we simply don`t have good reasons for some of the things we believe .
Although we must guard our defaults , we still have to admit that they may be somewhat arbitrary .
“ How else do we protect ourselves ? ” he asks .
“ With absolutisms ?
This means telling lies , and when the lies are exposed , the crash is worse .
It`s not that science can discover when the body is ensouled .
That`s nonsense .
We are not going to tolerate infanticide .
But we`re not going to put people in jail for onanism .
Instead of protecting stability with a brittle set of myths , we can defend a deep resistance to mucking with the boundaries . ”
This sounds to me a little like the religion of reason that Harris foresees .
“ Yes , there could be a rational religion , ” Dennett says .
“ We could have a rational policy not even to think about certain things . ”
He understands that this would create constant tension between prohibition and curiosity .
But the borders of our sacred beliefs could be well guarded simply by acknowledging that it is pragmatic to refuse to change them .
I ask Dennett if there might not be a contradiction in his scheme .
On the one hand , he aggressively confronts the faithful , attacking their sacred beliefs .
On the other hand , he proposes that our inherited defaults be put outside the limits of dispute .
But this would make our defaults into a religion , unimpeachable and implacable gods .
And besides , are we not atheists ?
Sacred prohibitions are anathema to us .
Dennett replies that exceptions can be made .
“ Philosophers are the ones who refuse to accept the sacred values , ” he says .
For instance , Socrates .
I find this answer supremely odd .
The image of an atheist religion whose sacred objects , called defaults , are taboo for all except philosophers – this is the material of the cruelest parody .
But that`s not what Dennett means .
In his scenario , the philosophers are not revered authorities but mental risk - takers and scouts .
Their adventures invite ridicule , or worse .
“ Philosophers should expect to be hooted at and reviled , ” Dennett says .
“ Socrates drank the hemlock .
He knew what he was doing . ”
With this , I begin to understand what kind of atheist I want to be .
Dennett`s invocation of Socrates is a reminder that there are certain actors in history who change the world by staging their own defeat .
Having been raised under Christianity , we are well schooled in this tactic of belated victory .
The world has reversed its judgment on Socrates , as on Jesus and the fanatical John Brown .
All critics of fundamental values , even those who have no magical beliefs , will find themselves tempted to retrace this path .
Dawkins` tense rhetoric of moral choice , Harris` vision of apocalypse , their contempt for liberals , the invocation of slavery – this is not the language of intellectual debate but of prophecy .
In Breaking the Spell , Dennett writes about the personal risk inherent in attacking faith .
Harris veils his academic affiliation and hometown because he fears for his physical safety .
But in truth , the cultural neighborhoods where they live and work bear little resemblance to Italy under Pope Urban VIII , or New England in the 17th century , or Saudi Arabia today .
Dennett spends the academic year at Tufts University and summers with family and students in Maine .
Dawkins occupies an endowed Oxford chair and walks his dog on the wide streets , alone .
Harris sails forward this fall with his second well - publicized book .
There have been no fatwas , no prison cells , no gallows or crosses .
Prophecy , I`ve come to realize , is a complex meme .
When prophets provoke real trouble , bring confusion to society by sowing reverberant doubts , spark an active , opposing consensus everywhere – that is the sign they`ve hit a nerve .
But what happens when they don`t hit a nerve ?
There are plenty of would - be prophets in the world , vainly peddling their provocative claims .
Most of them just end up lecturing to undergraduates , or leading little Christian sects , or getting into Wikipedia edit wars , or boring their friends .
An unsuccessful prophet is not a martyr , but a sort of clown .
Where does this leave us , we who have been called upon to join this uncompromising war against faith ?
What shall we do , we potential enlistees ?
Myself , I`ve decided to refuse the call .
The irony of the New Atheism – this prophetic attack on prophecy , this extremism in opposition to extremism – is too much for me .
The New Atheists have castigated fundamentalism and branded even the mildest religious liberals as enablers of a vengeful mob .
Everybody who does not join them is an ally of the Taliban .
But , so far , their provocation has failed to take hold .
Given all the religious trauma in the world , I take this as good news .
Even those of us who sympathize intellectually have good reasons to wish that the New Atheists continue to seem absurd .
If we reject their polemics , if we continue to have respectful conversations even about things we find ridiculous , this doesn`t necessarily mean we`ve lost our convictions or our sanity .
It simply reflects our deepest , democratic values .
Or , you might say , our bedrock faith : the faith that no matter how confident we are in our beliefs , there`s always a chance we could turn out to be wrong .
Where the specialists clash is on what the evidence means for the idea that industrial civilization and the burning of fossil fuels are the main culprits in climate change .
The two sides agree that carbon dioxide can block solar energy that would otherwise radiate back into space , an effect known as greenhouse warming .
But they differ sharply on its strength .
Some argue that CO2 fluctuations over the Phanerozoic follow climate trends fairly well , supporting a causal relationship between high gas levels and high temperatures .
“ The geologic record over the past 550 million years indicates a good correlation , ” said Robert A. Berner , a Yale geologist and pioneer of paleoclimate analysis .
“ There are other factors at work here .
But in general , global warming is due to CO2 .
It was in the past and is now . ”
Other experts say that is an oversimplification of a complex picture of natural variation .
The fluctuations in the gas levels , they say , often fall out of step with the planet ’s hot and cold cycles , undermining the claimed supremacy of carbon dioxide .
“ It ’s too simplistic to say low CO2 was the only cause of the glacial periods ” on time scales of millions of years , said Robert Giegengack , a geologist at the University of Pennsylvania who studies past atmospheres .
“ The record violates that one - to - one correspondence . ”
He and other doubters say the planet is clearly warming today , as it has repeatedly done , but insist that no one knows exactly why .
Other possible causes , they say , include changes in sea currents , Sun cycles and cosmic rays that bombard the planet .
“ More and more data , ” Jan Veizer , an expert on Phanerozoic climates at the University of Ottawa , said , “ point to the Sun and stars as the dominant driver . ”
Highlighting the gap , the two sides clash on how much the Earth would warm today if carbon dioxide concentrations double from preindustrial levels , as scientists expect .
Many climatologists see an increase of as much as 8 degrees Fahrenheit .
The skeptics , drawing on Phanerozoic data , tend to see far less , perhaps 2 or 3 degrees .
The FBI agreed Tuesday to make public the final 10 documents about the surveillance of John Lennon that it had withheld for 25 years from a UC Irvine historian on the grounds that releasing them could cause “ military retaliation against the United States . ”
Despite the fierce battle the government waged to keep the documents secret , the files contain information that is hardly shocking , just new details about Lennon ’s ties to New Left leaders and antiwar groups in London in the early 1970s , said the historian , Jon Wiener .
For example , in one memo , then - FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover wrote to H.R. Haldeman , President Nixon ’s chief of staff , that “ Lennon had taken an interest in ‘ extreme left - wing activities in Britain ’ and is known to be a sympathizer of Trotskyist communists in England . ”
Another document had been blacked out on the grounds of national security when Wiener obtained it more than 20 years ago through litigation brought under the Freedom of Information Act .
It is now known that it said two prominent British leftists , Tariq Ali and Robin Blackburn , had courted Lennon in hopes that he would “ finance a left - wing bookshop and reading room in London . ”
Advertisement
But the newly released document adds that Lennon apparently gave them no money “ despite a long courtship by Blackburn and Ali . ”
Another surveillance report states explicitly that there was “ no certain proof ” that Lennon had provided money “ for subversive purposes . ”
And yet another says there was no evidence that Lennon had any formal tie to any leftist group .
Another describes an interview with Lennon published in 1971 in an underground London newspaper called the Red Mole .
“ Lennon emphasized his proletarian background and his sympathy with the oppressed and underprivileged people of Britain and the world , ” the document says .
Wiener and his attorneys , Dan Marmalefsky of Morrison & Foerster and Mark Rosenbaum of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California , all said the documents revealed there was no sign that government officials considered Lennon a serious threat .
They said they were mystified that several administrations had resisted making the material public .
Advertisement
“ The content of the files released today is an embarrassment to the U.S. government , ” said Wiener , 62 , who has written two books on the late Beatle , “ Come Together : John Lennon in His Time ” and “ Gimme Some Truth : the John Lennon FBI Files . ”
“ I doubt that Tony Blair ’s government will launch a military strike on the U.S. in retaliation for the release of these documents .
Today , we can see that the national security claims that the FBI has been making for 25 years were absurd from the beginning , ” said Wiener , who requested the documents in 1981 .
Wiener initially obtained some files showing that the FBI closely monitored Lennon ’s activities in 1971 and 1972 .
The documents indicated Nixon administration concern that Lennon would support then - Sen. George S. McGovern ( D - S.D. ) for president against incumbent Richard M. Nixon in 1972 , the first year that 18 - year - olds could vote .
But the FBI also withheld numerous files , saying they were exempt from the Freedom of Information Act , including part of a surveillance report on a December 1971 antiwar rally in Michigan .
There , Lennon urged the release of activist and singer John Sinclair , who was serving a 10 - year sentence for possession of two marijuana joints .
A judge soon freed him .
Advertisement
Wiener sued in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles seeking all the documents .
The FBI countered that some contained “ national security information provided by a foreign government under an explicit promise of confidentiality ” and that release of the documents “ can reasonably be expected to ... lead to foreign diplomatic , economic and military retaliation against the United States , ” according to a government brief filed in 1983 .
Wiener lost the initial court skirmishes , but in 1991 he won a major victory in the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , which ruled that declarations filed by FBI agents provided inadequate grounds for keeping the material secret .
From that point forward , the court ruled , the FBI had to file “ affidavits containing sufficient detail ” to allow Wiener to “ intelligently advocate ” for their release and for a trial judge “ to intelligently judge the contest . ”
That decision significantly strengthened the hand of people trying to pry secret documents out of the government .
Justice Department attorneys , including John Roberts , who is now the chief justice of the United States , appealed , but the Supreme Court let the ruling stand .
Six years later , Wiener settled with lawyers from the Clinton administration and obtained a number of FBI files on the former Beatle .
But Justice Department lawyers continued to withhold 10 documents under the national security exemption of the Freedom of Information Act .
Advertisement
Scott Hodes , who was acting chief of the FBI litigation unit dealing with freedom of information cases , said disclosure of the documents could strain relations between the U.S. and a foreign government , lead to diplomatic , political or economic retaliation and have a chilling effect on the flow of information between the two countries .
Hodes also said disclosure of the documents could subject the government agents involved in the Lennon operation to “ public ridicule , ostracism ” or even jeopardize their safety .
In August 2004 , U.S. District Judge Robert M. Takasugi granted summary judgment to Wiener , concluding that the government had not adequately supported its claims .
Justice Department lawyers said they would appeal .
But a 9th Circuit mediator eventually forged a settlement , leading to a final settlement resolution of the case Tuesday .
Years ago , Wiener called the case a “ rock ‘ n ’ roll Watergate , ” in part because the FBI took an intense interest in Lennon at the time operatives from the Nixon administration perpetrated the Watergate burglary .
But on Tuesday , Wiener agreed that given how long the case dragged out , it might more appropriately be characterized as a “ rock ‘ n ’ roll ‘ Bleak House , ’ ” referring to the Dickens novel about a years - long inheritance case .
“ The release of these final documents , concealed from public view for nearly a quarter of a century , reveals government paranoia at a pathological level and an attempt to shield executive branch abuse of civil liberties under the rubric of national security , ” said Rosenbaum of the ACLU .
“ The ultimate lesson of these documents is that the head of document classification for the FBI must be Stephen Colbert . ”
Advertisement
On his late - night television show , satirist Colbert plays a right - wing talk show host who is a government cheerleader .
The Justice Department declined to comment .
Marmalefsky said the one concession that Wiener made in settling the suit was agreeing that the letterhead on some of the documents released Tuesday could be blacked out “ as well as a word here or there that would identify the foreign government ” that provided information to the U.S .
However , Marmalefsky said , “ having reviewed the final documents and all the others in this case , it is very difficult to believe that it could be any government other than the United Kingdom . ”
Advertisement
The documents will be posted on the Internet today at www.LennonFBIfiles.com.
*
henry.weinstein@latimes.com
The " spaceships " are designed to carry a maximum of eight people
The Virgin spaceships are designed to carry six passengers and two pilots to an altitude of about 140 km on a sub-orbital space flight .
Tickets on a Virgin Galactic flight are expected to cost £ 100,000 ( $ 190,000 ) .
The mock - up of the spacecraft was unveiled at the Javits exhibition centre in New York on Thursday .
The Virgin craft are based on the design of SpaceShipOne , built by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan , which became the first privately built vehicle to reach space in 2004 .
SpaceShipOne made three flights to altitudes just greater than 100 km - the edge of the Earth 's atmosphere - claiming the prestigious Ansari X - Prize .
Public access
The rocket plane was first carried to a launch altitude of 15 km ( 50,000 ft ) by an aircraft , or mothership , called White Knight .
It was then released and ignited its rocket engine , which propelled it through the atmosphere .
Sir Richard tested a passenger seat inside the mock - up
Virgin Group has contracted Rutan 's company Scaled Composites to design and build the passenger spaceship and its mothership .
Virgin Galactic will own and operate at least five spaceships and two motherships .
The passenger flights , which could begin in 2009 , will take off from a $ 225 m ( £ 127 m ) facility called Spaceport America in the New Mexico desert .
Will Whitehorn , president of Virgin Galactic , said the firm was in negotiations over a reality TV show .
In the show , contestants would compete to win a place on a space flight , the Press Association reported .
Mr Whitehorn said : " The indications are that we can create a show that would give people the chance to go into space .
It would be a cross between Dr Who , Star Trek and the Krypton Factor . "
Virgin Galactic is one of several private firms vying to open up public access to space .
Glenn Greenwald has an essential piece on the current movement of far - right and white supremacist tactics into the purported " mainstream " of conservative bloggers -- Front Page Magazine , Michelle Malkin , and others .
I 'll quote some key points ( all emphases are mine ) , but you need to go read the whole thing :
One of the favorite tactics used by [ white supremacist ] groups is to find the home address and telephone number of the latest enemy and then publish it on the Internet , accompanied by impassioned condemnations of that person as a Grave Enemy , a race traitor , someone who threatens all that is good in the world .
A handful of the most extremist pro-life groups have used the same tactic .
It has happened in the past that those who were the target of these sorts of demonization campaigns that included publication of their home address were attacked and even killed .
But these intimidation tactics work even when nothing happens .
Indeed , these groups often publish the enemy 's home address along with some cursory caveat that they are not encouraging violence .
The real objective is the same one shared by all terrorists -- to place the person in paralyzing fear . [...]
This weekend , prominent neoconservative David Horowitz proclaimed that the United States is fighting a war and " the aggressors in this war are Democrats , liberals and leftists . "
In particular , he cited the now infamous NYT Travel section article on Dick Cheney and Don Rumsfeld 's vacation homes as evidence that the employees of the NYT are among the enemies in this war , and he then linked to and recommended as a " proposal for action " this post from his associate , Front Page contributor Rocco DiPippo . [...]
DiPippo published the home address of NYT Publisher Arthur Sulzberger , along with directions to his home , and linked to a post by right - wing blogger Dan Riehl which contained directions to Sulzberger 's home along with photographers of it .
In a now - deleted post , DiPippo also published the home address of Linda Spillers , the NYT photographer who took the photograph of Don Rumsfeld 's vacation home ( with Rumsfeld 's express permission ) , and he urged everyone to go ( presumably to the home address he provided ) and confront Spillers about her actions .
I want to re-emphasize this point .
Rocco DiPippo was , as near as we can tell , the individual who first published the home address and home phone number of the photographer involved in an attempt to solicit an intimidation campaign against her .
This is no low - rung blogger , as most of the far - right bloggers who got caught promoting the campaign against the photographer and NYT staffers tittered in their own defense once things went much too far -- this is a writer for Front Page Magazine .
Nearly the entire far - right conservative blogosphere links to them , and protestations of integrity notwithstanding , continues to do so -- in large part because of the far - right tactics of thuggery which Horowitz makes his stock in trade .
DiPippo has yet to face any consequences for his actions -- apparently because Horowitz himself was their promoter .
That was not an isolated incident .
This week , Bartholomew 's Official Notes on Religion reported on the new " project " implemented by the group StopTheACLU.org .
As that group describes it , the project is called " Expose the ACLU Plaintiffs , " and promises to publish the home addresses of all individuals who are " using the ACLU " in any First Amendment lawsuit based on the Establishment clause which challenges the constitutionality of governmental promotion of Christianity .
The first such enemy targeted for this treatment is a Jewish family in Delaware who sued their local school district over its alleged promotion of Christianity in the public schools . [...]
Stop the ACLU is not some fringe , isolated group .
To the contrary , the " official blog " of StopTheACLU.org is StopTheACLU.com ( h/t Hunter ) , a very prominent player in the right - wing blogosphere .
That blog is the 14th most - linked - to blog on the Internet , and is often promoted and approvingly cited to as a source by numerous right - wing bloggers such as Instapundit and Michelle Malkin .
The blog Expose the Left ( which aspires to be the C&L of the Right ) , yesterday condemned the " nutcases on the left side of the blososphere " who " are sending unfounded attacks " against StopTheACLU for this plainly despicable thug behavior .
These self - evidently dangerous tactics are merely a natural outgrowth of the hate - mongering bullying sessions which have become the staple of right - wing television shows such as Bill O'Reilly 's and websites such as Michelle Malkin's ( who , unsurprisingly , has become one of O'Reilly 's favorite guests ) .
One of the most constant features of these hate fests is the singling out of some unprotected , private individual -- a public school teacher here , a university administrator there -- who is dragged before hundreds of thousands of readers ( or millions of viewers ) , accused of committing some grave cultural crime or identified as a subversive and an enemy , and then held out as the daily target of unbridled contempt , a symbol of all that is Evil .
Malkin frequently includes contact information for the identified Enemies , and O'Reilly often shows photographs or video of them on multiple programs .
These bullying tactics of intimidation -- whereby people who are often just private individuals and who have no defenses ( as opposed to , say , prominent politicians or media figures ) are singled out for widespread public rituals of contempt -- have quite foreseeable consequences , chief among them placing those targets in fear of retribution .
Publishing the home addresses of such individuals is not some wholly different approach , but is merely the next small and foreseeable step , an obvious outgrowth of the hate sessions on which many leading representatives of the Right now heavily rely .
The critical point here , just in case anyone is still unclear , is that the far - right tactics of thuggery -- tactics mainstreamed directly from white supremacist groups and organized intimidation campaigns meant to endorse and assist assaults and actual murders of abortion doctors -- is now a commonplace and eagerly embraced tool for the online so - called " conservative " movement .
It simply can't be denied or dismissed as elements of an unknown " fringe " -- look at any right - wing blog , and you 'll see links to , advertisements for , or endorsements of the above sites and , in many cases , explicit endorsements of the very " outing " campaigns that they are becoming known for .
Malkin , FrontPage , StopTheACLU , and similar sites are among the most prominent destinations on the right , attracting large hives of supporters that then move the themes of thuggery and intimidation throughout the movement .
They 're the cornerstones around which the online far - right is built .
In other smaller cells of the movement , linking to and being promoted in turn by the " big boys " , the racist targeting ( primarily against Muslims ) becomes even more pronounced , and the rhetoric of violence leaps from the implicit thuggery of the " prime " sites into the more blunt and explicit pronouncements of the far - right underbelly that represents their targeted readership .
These are n't isolated incidents .
This is the face of right - wing extremism as it attempts to mainstream itself through figures like Horowitz , Malkin , and a variety of others .
And the conservative blogosphere endorses it , promotes it , assists it , and applauds it when it happens .
Read Glenn 's entire piece , and internalize it .
