Guest post by Steven Goddard
Photo above from : NY Daily News : Record Snowfall in New York
Now that we have reached the end of the meteorological winter ( December - February , ) Rutgers University Global Snow Lab numbers ( 1967-2010 ) show that the just completed decade ( 2001 - 2010 ) had the snowiest Northern Hemisphere winters on record .
The just completed winter was also the second snowiest on record , exceeded only by 1978 .
Average winter snow extent during the past decade was greater than 45,500,000 km2 , beating out the 1960s by about 70,000 km2 , and beating out the 1990s by nearly 1,000,000 km2 .
The bar chart below shows average winter snow extent for each decade going back to the late 1960s .
Here are a few interesting facts .
Average winter snow extent has increased since the 1990s , by nearly the area of Texas and California combined .
Three of the four snowiest winters in the Rutgers record occurred during the last decade – the top four winters are ( in order ) 1978 , 2010 , 2008 , 2003
The third week of February , 2010 had the second highest weekly extent ( 52,170,000 m2 ) out of the 2,229 week record
The bar graph below shows winter data for each year in the Rutgers database , color coded by decade .
The yellow line shows the mean winter snow extent through the period .
Note that the past decade only had two winters below 45 million km2 .
The 1990s had seven winters below the 45 million km2 , the 1980s had five winters below 45 million km2 , and the 1970s had four winters below 45 million km2 .
This indicates that the past decade not only had the most snowfall , but it also had the most consistently high snowfall , year over year .
It appears that AGW claims of the demise of snowfall have been exaggerated .
And so far things are not looking very good for the climate model predictions of declining snowfall in the 21st century .
Many regions of the Northern Hemisphere have seen record snowfall this winter , including Washington D.C , Moscow , China , and Korea .
Dr. Hansen ’s office at Columbia University has seen record snowfall , and Al Gore has ineptly described the record snow :
“ Just as it ’s important not to miss the forest for the trees , neither should we miss the climate for the snowstorm , ”
A decade long record across the entire Northern Hemisphere is not appropriately described as a “ snowstorm . ”
Sponsored IT training links :
If want to improve TK0 - 201 score then go through 646-230 exam dumps and self test RH302 exams and get guaranteed success in first attempt .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
It is India 's most bloody , intractable and shadowy war in recent history .
Today 223 districts - India has 636 districts - in 20 states are " Maoist affected " , up from 55 districts in nine states six years ago .
Ninety of the affected districts , according to the government , are experiencing " consistent violence " .
PM Manmohan
Singh calls it the country 's " greatest internal security challenge " .
As Maoist activity has expanded over a vast swathe of mineral - rich jungles and countryside where most of India 's tribespeople - its poorest of the poor - live , the cost of the conflict has been huge .
The government says 3,457 civilians were killed in 11,642 incidents of rebel - related violence between 2003 and 2009 .
Nearly 1,300 security forces and 1,350 rebels have died in the war , it says .
As the toll rises , the conflict provokes a sharply polarised debate .
On the one side are the city - bred romantic revolutionaries .
One perceptive analyst calls them a " Maoist - aligned intelligentsia vicariously playing out their revolutionary fantasies through the lives of the adivasis [ tribespeople ] , while the people dying in battle are almost all adivasis " .
They protest against the government 's plans to smoke out the rebels .
On the other , are supporters of strong state action who believe the security forces should annihilate the rebels and wrest back areas under their control .
Collateral damage , they believe , is par for the course .
So India 's Maoist rebels , in the words of another commentator , are either " romanticised , eulogised [ or ] demonised " .
It depends on which side you are on .
It is time to ask some basic questions .
What do the Maoists want ?
They want to establish a " communist society " by overthrowing the country 's " semi-colonial , semi- feudal " form of rule through an armed struggle .
The say they are fighting for the rights of the neglected tribespeople , an unquestionably laudable goal in a vastly iniquitous land .
So are they revolutionary Marxists ?
Are they anarchists ?
Or are they India 's equivalent of historian Eric Hobsbawm's " social bandits " , peasant Robin Hood outlaws ?
It is difficult to say .
Who is suffering the most in the seemingly unending war ?
The same tribespeople for whom the Maoists say they have picked up the cudgels .
They are caught in the crossfire between the rebels and security forces .
They are hounded by state - sponsored militias hunting for rebel sympathisers .
( In Chhattisgarh , the rebel heartland , nearly 50,000 villagers have been forced from their villages by a state - sponsored militia and are now lodged in some 20 camps . )
The rebels end up killing poorly paid , poorly armed policemen , small businessmen and low level political workers .
Analysts find it odd that their " class enemies " do not include big businessmen and companies , presumably because many of them cough up protection money .
What has been the track record of India 's Maoists ?
Not very inspiring , say most commentators , apart from a few exceptions of getting a fairer deal for the poor by intimidating the state .
They point out that the Maoists never questioned the partition of India .
In 1971 , during the war with Pakistan , they supported the Pakistani president Yahya Khan and even advised revolutionaries in East Pakistan - now Bangladesh - to defend Pakistan .
Analysts say the rebels were taking their cues from China .
Another criticism is that the rebels have never really tackled or taken on the rising tide of communalism that swept the country in the 1980s and 1990s .
They have shown little interest in taking a stand against Hindu or Muslim fundamentalism .
Are the rebels the only ones fighting for India 's poor ?
No way .
There are hundreds of civil society movements working tirelessly - Medha Patkar 's movement against people displaced by dam projects is a stand - out example .
But the rebels succeed in grabbing attention , many believe , because they practice violence .
" Violence [ has ] the potential to make news and attract attention ... satyagrahas [ passive resistance ] , non-violent actions and human chains have been made completely ineffective and delegitimised by the state and the media , " says political scientist Aditya Nigam .
So what do the Maoists end up doing ?
Operating in a binary world of " either you are with us or against us " - eerily reminiscent of a recent " war on terror " - the rebels , many analysts say , have taken an awkward , simplistic position on how people behave and society operates .
" We are not yet in a completely Orwellian universe .
Some things are neither Hindu nor Muslim , neither proletarian nor bourgeois .
There is no war to end all wars , no ultimate death penalty that will put an end to all death penalties , " says independent scholar Dilip Simeon .
" Hindu Rashtra [ Hindu polity ] is not the final solution to the so - called ' minority problem ' , nor is the ' people 's war ' the final answer to class exploitation . "
In the absence of such understanding , the bloody war grinds on , reaping its grim harvest .
Do the deaths of tribespeople , policemen , rebels , traders and political workers have any meaning ?
Does the displacement of tens of thousands of people suspected to be sympathising with the rebels make any sense ?
Or are some right to view these as wasteful deaths and futile displacements ?
It is the Maoists ' apparent indifference to life that worries Dilip Simeon .
" The indifference , " he says , " is the mark of nihilism that has overtaken the revolutionary spirit . "
That is why Maoism in India , many believe , will remain a doomed revolution .
There is a big banking reform bill working its way through the Senate right now .
It is sponsored by Chris Dodd , Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee .
It has a long name I can't remember , so I 'll call it the Dodd Banking Bill .
What does a bill attempting to regulate the banking industry have to do with startups ?
Well unfortunately , it contains two provisions that are quite problematic and hurtful to entrepreneurs and startups .
They are :
1 ) Changing the definition of a " qualified investor " in angel and venture deals .
Not just anyone can invest in a startup company .
You have to be a qualified investor .
A qualified investor is currently defined as anyone with a net worth of over $ 1 mm or net income of over $ 250 k .
Dodd 's bill would increase that to $ 2.3 mm and $ 450 k respectively .
And then index those numbers to inflation .
2 ) Eliminate the existing federal pre-emption over state regulation of " accredited offerings . "
Angel and venture financings could be regulated state by state creating a fairly burdensome set of rules and regulations that each financing would need to be subject to .
Currently there is a federal pre-emption that makes getting these kinds of deals done fairly easy .
I have no idea why either of these provisions ended up in a bill designed to regulate the banking industry .
Entrepreneurs and startups do n't use banks to finance them .
They get their initial capital from angel investors and then VCs as they grow .
This system works well , did not blow up in 2008 , and is not in need of reform of the type Dodd wants to throw at us .
In fact , what we need is to eliminate all accredited investor requirements for small investments of up to $ 25 k .
Why does someone have to be a millionaire to invest in a friend 's startup ?
I understand that we do n't want someone mortgaging their home , or betting their entire life 's savings on a startup .
But for a small amount , like $ 25 k , we should not be regulating angel investing .
My dad sent me an email the other day pointing out a news story about an incubator in Texas that was cranking out startups and creating jobs .
He told me that he believes that the work entrepreneurs and the people who work with them ( ie me ) are doing is incredibly important to the health of our economy .
He 's right and we need to explain that to Chris Dodd and his friends in the Senate .
If they are going to reform accredited investor regulations , they should liberalize them , not constrain them further .
I 'll get on the phone and call my Senators and Representatives .
Hopefully you 'll do the same .
This is nonsense .
UPDATE : Irene left these details in the comments which will be helpful when you contact your representatives :
The section numbers in question are Sec. 412 for accredited investors and Sec. 926 for federal pre-emption or Reg D. Link to pdf of bill : http://bit.ly/duxjSr
Link to Tech Flash article with more info on possible influences : http://bit.ly/96uuEx
UPDATE # 2 : Dan Primack of PE
Hub has just posted that congress is listening to all the uproar over this .
Maybe we 'll get to keep things the way they are .
But I am still going to make the case that we need an exclusion for small investments made by non-qualified investors .
Speaking of well - known people coming out , Roy Ashburn , the California state senator pulled over last week on DUI charges after leaving a gay bar , sets the record gay : he ’s family .
During an interview this morning with Bakersfield ’s KERN radio , Ashburn acknowledged he is gay , saying the public deserved to know what happened that fateful Tuesday night when the California Highway Patrol pulled him over .
“ I have been arrested for driving and drinking and I hope that I do pay the consequence for that in the same manner that anyone would , ” he says .
“ It ’s wrong , it ’s very dangerous behavior . ”
But one thing he ’s not flinching on : his voting record .
While voting to affirm Prop 8 and refuse to recognize gay marriages from outside the state , Ashburn says he was only voting the will of his constituents .
Which is the most reasonable excuse he has — but it ’s still not a rationalization .
Because voting for discrimination ( or against its removal ) is never okay , no matter what you think voters believe .
This is , however , a very curious situation .
Other anti-gay lawmakers exposed as gay have continued to deny they are anything but straight ( see : Larry Craig ) , which allows them to , hilariously , stand by their anti-gay voting record .
But here we have a state senator saying very clearly that he ’s one of us , and yet he voted against his own people .
And now the other shoe drops : He ’s married divorced ( ? ) and the father of four children .
Is this family destined for the Ted Haggard scenario , or Jim McGreevey ?
( NB : Ashburn can not run again for re-election because of term limits . )
ON HIDING HIS SEXUALITY
I ’ve always believed I could keep my personal life personal , and my public life public .
But through my own actions I have made my personal life public .
And I owe explanation to my constituents and to the ppl who have been so kind to me through the years .
COMING OUT
I am gay .
Those are the words that have been so difficult for me for so long .
But I am gay , but it is something that is personal and I do n’t believe — I felt with my heart being gay … did not effect , would not effect how I do my job .
What happened through my own actions the other night changed all that .
ON HIS VOTING RECORD
My votes reflect the wishes of the people in my district .
And I have always felt tha tmy faith and allegiance was to the people there in the district , my constituents .
So as each of these individual measure came before the legislature , I cast “ no ” votes . …
I cherish the fact that we have a remarkable system of government , and that system of government provides for representatives elected by the people to go to the legislative bodies , whether it be Washington D.C. or Sacramento , and cast votes on behalf of the people , not my own point of view , not my own internal conflict , certainly to use my best judgment , but to vote as my constituents would have me vote .
There ’s never been a doubt in my mind on the position of the vast majority of the people in my district , the 18th senatorial district , on these different issues .
I voted as I felt I should on behalf of the people who elected me .
ON WHETHER CRITICISM FROM THE GAYS SAYING HE’S A HYPOCRITE WILL CHANGE THE WAY HE VOTES
I believe firmly that my responsibility is to my constituents .
On each measure that may come before me , I will take a careful look at it , and apply that standard :
How would my constituents vote on this ?
WHY DID HE FEEL THE NEED TO COME OUT ?
Because my own actions the other night , resulting in a DUI arrest , point to , Where was I ? , What was the behavior I was engaged in ? , those aspects that I thoughtwas my person life , obviously that changes the circumstance , so I felt it best to just let people know .
NOW WHAT ?
I would ask people to pray for me .
WILL HE LIVE AS AN OPENlY GAY MAN ?
I pray to God that I can find peace , and I want to go back to work in the Senate .
WAS ALL THIS PART OF THE REASON HE DECIDED NOT TO RUN FOR CONGRESS ?
Yes .
TO HIS CONSTITUENTS
I appreciate you .
I believe that it ’s an amazing responsibility and privilege to represent you in Sacramento .
Now you know everything about me .
I will do the very best job that I can to represent you as faithfully and with as much dignity and honor as I can .
UPDATE : Here ’s the audio with host Inga Barks , who is just terrible .
EARLIER : The 7 Worst Things About Sen. Roy Ashburn ’s DUI Arrest
EARLIER : Meet The Man Who Outed CA Sen. Roy Ashburn to the Media ( That Refused to Report the Story )
EARLIER : If Everyone Knew CA Sen. Roy Ashburn
Is Gay And Voted Anti-Gay , Should They Have Reported It ?
“ This wine tastes like hobo balls , ” I said , loud enough for the entire room to hear .
Even as the words left my mouth , I knew that it was a horrible , horrible mistake .
It ’s not the sort of observation that a civilized person should make , and certainly not while partaking in a posh wine tasting .
¶
The other party guests just stared at me , too stunned to respond .
I smiled and tried to laugh it off , saying something like , “ Whoops , wrong crowd . ” ¶
I hoped that my unfortunate remark would eventually be forgotten , but the damage was done .
I ’d crossed a line and there was no turning back .
I had demonstrated , beyond a shadow of a doubt , that I was a man unable to hold his liquor .
It was n’t always this way .
During my 20s , I was able to drink socially without making a complete ass of myself .
Sure , I made the occasional alcohol - related mistake .
There was at least one college mishap involving a bottle of generic rum and projectile vomiting across a crowded dorm room .
But like it does for everybody , mindless intoxication lost its charm as I got older and learned how to recognize my limits .
I became a responsible drinker , able to walk that fine line between “ comfortably numb ” and “ passing out on a stranger ’s lawn while spooning a garden gnome . ”
Everything changed , however , when I moved to Sonoma , a quaint small town in Northern California in an area better known as The Wine Country .
Along with Napa , Sonoma produces some of the best wines in the country , and the locals fiercely proud of that fact .
They ’re so proud of their wine that it ’s literally available anywhere , at any time of day , in any quantity .
I ’ve personally witnessed wine being served at gas stations , libraries , and even high schools .
It would n’t surprise me to learn that the water fountains in Sonoma ’s public parks are filled with pinot noir .
Since moving here , I ’ve tried to assimilate myself to their culture – when in Rome , after all – but I just do n’t have the immune system for constant wine consumption .
There ’ve been days when I ’ve wondered if I might be an alcoholic .
It ’s impossible to know with any certainty anymore .
I ’ve lost all frame of reference .
It ’s like being the village idiot in a village of idiots .
There ’s nothing to set you apart anymore .
It ’s not enough to have a slanty forehead and vacant stare .
You have to do cartwheels through the streets with a pumpkin on your head and a suit made entirely of old newspapers .
When the bar has been raised this high , you have to do something extra special to get noticed .
Sonoma locals are not , as far as I can tell , drunks .
They drink more than most people , but you ’d never know it from talking to them .
Even after consuming enough wine to kill a small herd of buffalo , they ’re still able to speak normally and even maintain their equilibrium .
They do n’t display any of the usual signs of intoxication , like slurring their words or clinging to the nearest stranger while muttering “ I fucking love you , man . ”
Only a fool would attempt to keep up with them and match their wine intake glass for glass .
It simply ca n’t be done .
Trust me , I ’ve tried .
The problem with wine is that it seems deceptively classy .
If you were to , say , pass around a bottle of Jack Daniels with your friends , you ’d be well aware that you ’re doing something dirty and wrong .
Not so with wine .
Wine has the appearance of sophistication .
You do n’t just pound it down .
You sip on it .
You swirl the glass and breathe in the aroma and make pithy comments like , “ This is very fruit - forward . ”
I do n’t know what the hell that means either , but you ’d never hear a drunk saying something like that about his strawberry daiquiri .
The aforementioned wine party was actually a blind tasting .
The guests were n’t just enjoying their wine , but encouraged to determine exactly what vintages we were drinking .
Every bottle was concealed in a brown paper bag , so we had only our palates to guide us .
Now a reasonable person might say , “ Uh , you ’re drinking booze out of a paper bag ?
Let me see , where have I seen that before ?
Oh yeah , that ’s right .
A wino passed out in front of a Qwik - Mart . ”
Au contraire !
Would a wino be able to prattle off useless minutiae about his beverage ?
Does a wino bother to amass a wealth of arcane knowledge about what is essentially just crushed grapes mixed with alcohol ?
I should say not !
Winos do , however , drink until they ’re no longer able to feel their extremities .
And that ’s exactly what happened to me .
If I was smart , I would ’ve kept my trap shut after finishing my third bottle .
I would have just nodded thoughtfully , crinkling my nose as if carefully pondering the wine ’s essence .
If I felt compelled to speak , I should have repeated what the other more knowledgeable ( and less obviously blasted ) people were saying .
“ Yes , yes , I agree .
This wine is very young .
It still has too many tannins . ”
But no , that would ’ve been too easy .
I just had to bring up hobo balls .
In my defense , the wine did taste a little of scrotum .
I may have been exaggerating slightly to suggest that it had a hearty hobo flavor , but there was definitely something testicley about it .
Here are a few other things that , as I soon discovered , it is n’t appropriate to say during a wine tasting :
“ This wine tastes so good , I ’d drink it through the ass crack of a dead hooker . ”
“ You know how I figured out that this wine is n’t from France ?
It has n’t surrendered to the Nazis . ”
“ Does all wine contain the Blood of Christ or just certain varietals ? ”
“ You know what ’d go well with this wine ?
A microwave burrito and a fistful of Pop Tarts . ”
“ I fucking love you , man . ”
I woke up the next morning amazed that I was still alive , and even more amazed that I ’d somehow managed to get home without committing any number of felonies .
It felt like Tito Puente was pounding out a vicious mambo beat directly onto my cerebral cortex .
A million tiny midgets in clogs were dancing across my cranium .
I guess I ’m pretty much done here , I thought .
Time to leave before an angry mob chases me out of town .
There ’s no way I can show my face again after that humiliating public spectacle .
But y’know , the more I think about it , maybe it was n’t so bad after all .
Maybe every wine party needs a guy like me .
I was n’t the only one who drank a little too much .
The guests left a mountain of empty bottles that would require several garbage trucks to haul away .
We all had reasons to feel embarrassed .
I knew that somewhere , at least a few people were waking up and trying to piece together the events of last night .
And then , just as the drunkard ’s lament seemed certain to take hold , their bloodshot eyes would light up .
“ Well , ” they ’d say with a sigh of relief , “ at least I never mentioned hobo balls . ”
That ’s right !
And do n’t you ever forget it , Drunky McDrinksalot .
You owe me .
Since its ’ release on January 21st , the newest version of the Firefox web browser has received a great deal of attention .
In just a short time it has achieved over 30 million downloads .
Adware pushers are capitalizing on the success of Firefox , packing ad serving software in with the program in an effort to increase their reach .
Purveyors of spyware and adware will try to take advantage of well known programs , illegitimately bundling their software into the install of the popular software .
These programs are also commonly referred to as Potentially Unwanted Programs ( PUPs ) whose content is not necessarily malicious , but is almost never wanted by the user .
These types of software are often used to collect information about the user without the users ’ knowledge or consent .
The latest example is found on the fake Firefox download site below .
The page is cleverly disguised with the appearance of a legitimate Firefox download site and could easily fool many users hoping to upgrade .
Taking a closer look reveals clues to the fraudulent page .
While the page advertises version 3.5 the newest version is actually 3.6 .
There are also misspellings such as “ Anti-Pishing ” in the title of the security section .
Victims of this scam install the “ Hotbar ” toolbar by Pinball Corp , formerly Zango .
Not only are users subject to the annoying toolbar , they 're also barraged with pop-up ads and host to a new Hotbar weather application running in the system tray .
It should be noted that the owner of the fake Firefox site above is most likely not associated with Pinball Corp and only using its pay - per - install ad network for fast cash .
Pay - per - install affiliate programs reward referring sites that generate installs of their programs , with Pinball paying as high as $ 1.45 per install .
Always take caution installing any software and ensure the software is downloaded directly from the publisher whenever possible .
Users looking to upgrade Firefox should go to the real download site at http://getfirefox.com
Blocking the Spyware and Malicious Sites category protects eSoft SiteFilter customers from this site and others like it .
The passenger was travelling from Poland .
A Ryanair passenger who became enraged when he was told he could not claim a scratchcard prize on his flight ate his winning ticket .
The man was flying from Poland to the East Midlands on a Ryanair flight when he won 10,000 euros ( £ 8,765 ) on a scratchcard he had purchased on board .
Ryanair confirmed he ate his ticket on 26 February after cabin staff refused to pay him the winnings immediately .
The airline said it could not reveal the winner 's identity .
Ryanair spokesman Stephen McNamara said the cabin crew and some passengers urged the man not to eat the ticket , but he stood up and ate it anyway .
Verified
He said it appears the passenger acted out of frustration and anger .
Mr McNamara explained that all winners must be verified before the cash prizes are handed out .
He said the airline crew did not have the cash " kicking around the aircraft " and the prize had to be collected directly from the scratchcard company .
What does it cost ?
Nothing .
TaxiRoute is FREE .
How does it work ?
Tell TaxiRoute where you are going from and where you are going to .
If you would like a fixed price quote please book 2 hours ahead .
What happens then ?
TaxiRoute calculates the route , displays an estimate based on local authority tariffs as well as fixed price quotes that you can book online .
Taxi Route supports medical health of taxi drivers during # NationalTaxiDriverMonth .
That 's why we 're giving away 5 - pairs of support socks Compression socks are critical for anyone who sits or stands for long periods of time without breaks .
This perfectly matches the needs of professional drivers .
That 's why we 've paired with ComproGear Compression Socks to give away 5 - pairs to the most active drivers on the TaxiRoute .
co.uk network .
If you 're not sure what compression socks are , you can read up on the best compression socks for travel before entering the contest .
Next month we will be celebrating the users who make TaxiRoute possible .
For every ride , you are automatically entered and can win knives and baskets and steaming dishes for your kitchen .
In addition , 3 lucky winners will get an adjustable pull up bar for your home .
Not only is Taxi Route the most convenient way to travel , it 's the most fun one too !
According to a proposed bill in the Florida state Senate , teachers will no longer have tenure in the upcoming school year , and it would introduce so - called merit pay .
According to the bill , SB 6 , “ Classroom teachers hired in a Florida school district on or after July 1 , 2010 , would be employed under the revised probationary and annual contracts .
In effect , professional service contracts would not be given to any classroom teacher hired on or after July 1 , 2010 .
This gives school districts greater flexibility in meeting student instructional needs by retaining effective teachers and removing poor performing teachers more quickly and cost - effectively . ”
What does that mean ?
Well , beginning July 1 , 2010 , each new classroom teacher would be hired under a probationary contract that may not extend for over 1 year .
The teacher may be dismissed without cause or can resign without violating the contract , leaving the teacher with no legal recourse .
After the probationary period , the teacher would then be offered a one year contract under which dismissal or renewal can be with OR without cause .
The bill goes on to state “ An annual contract may only be granted for the sixth year of teaching and thereafter to a state - certified classroom teacher who was approved by the school board for a contract and whose performance is rated effective or highly effective in at least two of the preceding three years by the performance appraisal , based on objective student learning gains and Florida ’s Educator Accomplished Practices .
In effect , the school district would make the determination whether to renew an annual contract in its discretion , rather than the contract automatically renewing . ”
The bill may sound hunky - dory , but the effect of this bill will be devastating to teacher morale and hiring .
What makes the matter critical is that pay will be constituted by greater than 50 % on student learning gains .
In other words , the teacher will be paid based upon how each individual student in that teacher ’s class performs , instead of at a school wide gain or performance .
As the bill itself states “ Districts may not use time - served or degrees - held in setting pay schedules .
Instead , student outcomes would have a potentially significant effect on compensation .
Effective teachers would be paid more , while those that are unsatisfactory or in need of improvement would be paid less .
The State Board of Education would define student learning gains in rule . ”
In practice this will set teacher against teacher , classroom against classroom and will have the possibility of minorities and lower income classes given to poorer performing teachers .
According to this bill , beginning in 2014 - 2015 , more than 50 percent of a classroom teacher ’s performance would be based on learning gains of students assigned to the teacher .
For other instructional personnel and school - based administrators , more than 50 percent of their performance must be based on the learning gains of students assigned to the school .
“ Student learning gain thresholds would be set in State Board of Education rule .
Personnel may not be rated as effective or highly effective if students fail to demonstrate learning gains . ”
This bill should be seen for what it is ; a union busting bill .
A teacher would not get an annual renewing contract until the sixth year , but the school districts make the determination whether to renew at its discretion .
The implications of this bill are clear .
Tenure will no longer be an accepted part of the Florida school system and pay practices .
Any collective bargaining agreement could be denied .
Florida public employee statutes do n’t seem to help public workers .
It “ authorizes the public employer to unilaterally control ” under collective bargaining : wages , hours and terms and conditions of employment , because of “ managerial ” consideration .
We must gather together and stand with the Florida teachers and demand withdrawal of this language from the bill and insert positive and affirmative collective bargaining guidelines that can lift up both teachers and students .
Photo : Florida teachers discuss changes that need to be made to improve education during 2008 presidential campaign .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/barackobamadotcom/
/ CC BY-NC-SA 2.0
STATEMENT OF H. J. ANSLINGER , COMMISSIONER OF NARCOTICS , BUREAU OF NARCOTICS , DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY MR .
ANSLINGER : Mr. Chairman , my name is H. J. Anslinger ; I am Commissioner of Narcotics in the Bureau of Narcotics , in the Treasury Department .
Mr. Chairman and distinguished members of the Ways and Means Committee , this traffic in marihuana is increasing to such an extent that it has come to the be cause for the greatest national concern .
This drug is as old as civilization itself .
Homer wrote about , as a drug that made me forget their homes , and that turned them into swine .
In Persia , a thousand years before Christ , there was a religious and military order founded which was called the Assassins and they derived their name from the drug called hashish which is now known in this country as marihuana .
They were noted for their acts of cruelty , and the word " assassin " very aptly describes the drug .
The plant from which the drugs comes is a hardy annual , growing from 3 to 16 feet in height .
Marihuana is the same as Indian hemp , hashish .
It is sometimes cultivated in backyards .
Over here in Maryland some of it has been found , and last fall we discovered three acres of it in the Southwest .
As I say , marihuana is the same as Indian hemp , and is sometimes found as a residual weed , and sometimes as the result of a dissemination of birdseed .
It is known as cannabin , cannabis Americana , or Cannabis Sativa .
Marihuana is the Mexican term for cannabis indica .
We seem to have adopted the Mexican terminology , and we call it marihuana , which means good feeling .
In the underworld it is referred to by such colorful , colloquial names as reefer , muggles , Indian hay , hot hay , and weed .
It is known in various countries by a variety of names .
MR .
LEWIS : In literature it is known as hashish , is it not ?
MR. ANSLINGER : Yes , sir .
There is a great deal of use of it in Egypt , particularly .
It was found years ago in Egypt .
The traffic has grown so that something like 14 percent of the population are addicts .
In India it is sold over the counter to the addicts , direct , and there it is known as bhang and ganja .
At the Geneva Convention is 1895 the term " cannabis " included only the dried flowering or fruiting top of the pistillate plant as the plant source of the dangerous resin , from which the resin had not been extracted .
That designation was used in the uniform State act .
" but research that has been made during the past few months has shown that this definition is not sufficient , because it has been found by experiment that the leaves of the pistillate plant as well as the leaves of the staminate plant contain the active principle up to 50 percent of the strength prescribed by the United States Pharmacopoeia .
So we have urged the States to revise their definition so as to include all parts of the plant , as it now seems that the seeds and portions other than the dried flowering tops contain positively dangerous substances .
We were anticipating a challenge in one of the States of that old definition .
There was a case in Florida recently in which a defendant appealed to a higher court on the ground that the prosecution had not proven that this was the dried flowered top of the pistillate plant .
The higher court said : " We are of the opinion , therefore , that the information was insufficient to clearly apprise accused of the nature and cause of the accusation against him because of the sale of cigarettes containing cannabis , from which the resin had not been extracted may relate to the resin of the staminate plant , the resin of which appears to be harmless . "
As a matter of fact the staminate leaves are about as harmless as a rattlesnake .
So in this act it was necessary to make the definition all inclusive .
In medical schools , the physician - to - be is taught that without opium he would be like a one - armed man .
That is true , because you can not get along without opium .
But here we have drug that is not like opium .
Opium has all of the good of Dr. Jekyll and all the evil of Mr. Hyde .
This drug is entirely the monster Hyde , the harmful effect of which cannot be measured .
I have here an excerpt from a report made to the League of Nations by the Council at its last session .
It says :
Excerpt of League of Nations Document O.C. 1542 ( O ) Dated Geneva , February 17 , 1937
Advisory Committee on Traffic in Opium and Other Dangerous Drugs , Sub-Committee on Cannabis
( Report by Dr. J. Bouquet , hospital pharmacist , Tunis , inspector of pharmacies , Tunis , containing answers to questionnaire submitted to the experts )
VII ( P. 39 )
(7) ( A ) Do any preparations of Indian hemp exist possessing a therapeutic value such that nothing else can take their place for medical purposes ?
No. ( a ) Indian hemp extract has been recommended for the preparation of corn cures products , that most often consist of a solution of salicylic acid in collodion ; the action of the cannabis extract is nil .
At my request , experiments were made for several months in 1912 with different preparations of cannabis , without the addition of other synergetic substances ( Profession Lannois ' Service , Lyons Hospital ) .
The conclusion reached was that in a few rare cases Indian hemp gives good results , but that in general it is not superior to other medicaments which can be used in therapeutics for the treatment of the same affliction .
To sum up , Indian hemp , like many other medicaments , has enjoyed for a time a vogue which is not justified by the results obtained .
Therapeutics would not lose much if it were removed from the list of medicaments .
MR .
DINGELL : I want to be certain what this is .
Is this the same weed that grows wild in some of our Western States which is sometimes called the loco weed ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir , that is another family .
MR .
DINGELL : That is also a harmful drug - producing weed , is it not ?
MR. ANSLINGER : Not to my knowledge .
It is not used by humans .
THE CHAIRMAN : In what particular sections does this weed grow wild ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : In almost every state in the Union today .
MR .
REED : What you are describing is a plant which has a rather large flower ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir , a very small flower .
MR .
REED : It is not Indian hemp ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : It is Indian hemp .
We have some specimens here .
MR .
VINSON : When was this brought to your attention as being a menace among our own people ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : About ten years ago .
MR .
VINSON : Why did you wait until 1937 to bring in a recommendation of this kind ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Ten years ago we only heard about it throughout the Southwest .
It is only in the last few years that it has become a national menace .
It has grown like wildfire , but it has only become a national menace in the last three years .
It is only in the last two years that we have had to send reports about it to the League of Nations .
MR .
VINSON : We did not have to have any convention adopted by the League of Nations in order to legislate on this subject ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : No ; but it was covered in one of the conventions .
MR .
VINSON : It seems to me you have been rather slow in getting to this legislation .
MR . FULLER .
I do not think that is any defense for this measure .
MR .
ANSLINGER : We have been urging uniform state legislation on the several States , and itt was only last month that the last State legislature adopted such legislation .
MR .
VINSON : You have not urged the passage of any legislation upon Congress .
MR .
ANSLINGER : There is no law in the District .
This uniform act has been urged upon the states for four or five years .
MR .
VINSON : But you have not urged Congress to pass this act or anything that looks like it until now .
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir .
MR .
FULLER : That is no defense , if it is a good measure .
MR .
VINSON : I am not talking about their defense .
It seems to me it has taken a long time to get this before Congress .
MR .
FULLER : It took a hundred years to get the Harrison Narcotic Act. MR .
ANSLINGER : It is only in the last two years that we have a report of seizures anywhere but in the Southwest .
Las year , New York State reported 195 tons seized , whereas before that I do not believe that New York could have reported one ton seized .
Let me quote from this report to the League of Nations :
This discussion disclosed that , from the medical point of view in some countries the use of Indian hemp in its various forms is regarded as in no way indispensable and that it is therefore possible that little objection would be raised to drafting limitations upon medical use of derivatives .
That is only last year .
Here is what Dr. J. Bouquet , hospital pharmacist at Tunis , and inspector of pharmacists at Tunis , says .
He is the outstanding expert on cannabis in the world .
He says :
To sum up , Indian hemp , like many other medicaments , has enjoyed for a time a vogue which is not justified by the results obtained .
Therapeutics would not lose much if it were removed from the list of medicaments .
That comes from the greatest authority on cannabis in the world today .
MR .
MCCORMACK : What are its first manifestations , a feeling of grandeur and self - exaltation , and things of that sort ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : It affects different individuals in different ways .
Some individuals have a complete loss of sense of time or a sense of value .
They lose their sense of place .
That have an increased feeling of physical strength and power .
Some people will fly into a delirious rage , and they are temporarily irresponsible and may commit violent crimes .
Other people will laugh uncontrollably .
It is impossible to say what the effect will be on any individual .
Those research men who have tried it have always been under control .
They have always insisted upon that .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Is it used by the criminal class ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , it is .
It is dangerous to the mind and body , and particularly dangerous to the criminal type , because it releases all of the inhibitions .
I have here statements by the foremost expert in the world talking on this subject , and by Dr. Cutter a noted and distinguished medical man in this country .
( The statements referred to are as follows : ) ( From the report by Dr. J. Bouquet , Tunis , to the League of Nations ) Does Indian hemp ( Cannabis Sativa ) in its various forms give rise to drug addiction ?
The use of cannabis , whether smoked or ingested in its various form , undoubtedly gives rise to a form of addiction , which has serious social consequences ( abandonment of work , propensity to theft and crime , disappearance of reproductive power ) .
From the Washington Post , Nov. 23 , 1936 TODAY'S HEALTH TALK By Dr. Irving S. Cutter A Dangerous Intoxicant
Ever since the world began man has been searching for chemicals or charms that would relieve pain .
Out of the East came Indian hemp , and it is surprising how rapidly its properties were recognized and how widespread became its use .
History relates that in the eleventh century a remarkable sect of Mohammedans established themselves as a powerful military unit under the leadership of a sheik who led his marauding band to victory while under the influence of hemp .
In South Africa the Hottentots smoked the drug under the name of dagga .
The plant was originally native in Persia and India , but because of the desirability of its fiber it is now cultivated in all parts of the world .
For the last few years marihuana , as it is commonly called , has been sold in the United States and Canada , chiefly in the form of cigarettes , which are peddled frequently in dance halls .
Much of the raw material comes from Mexico or the West Indies , and occasionally press dispatches will report that the weed had been grown even within prison walls .
As a stimulant to crime the drug is probably as important as cocaine , certainly far more so than opium or any of its derivatives , and narcotic - control agencies will be put to a severe test in routing out this traffic .
As a rule the addict passes into a dreamy state in which judgment is lost and imagination runs riot .
Fantasies arise which are limitless and extravagant .
Scenes pass before the mind 's eye in kaleidoscopic confusion and there is no sense of the passing of time .
Under relatively large doses consciousness does not leave entirely , even though actions and movements are out of control .
As the influence of the drug persists there may be periods of stupor from which , however , the patient can be aroused .
In most individuals there is no succeeding nausea and the thrill seeker finds inhibitions destroyed and , abandoning his normal sense of propriety , he may do and say things quite foreign to his makeup .
Cannabis indica is the medicinal preparation known to physicians .
But the potent resin produced chiefly by the top of the female plant is as much sought after in certain quarters as is opium .
Its legitimate use in the field of medicine is relatively limited , as other drugs more accurate and dependable as to effects have largely taken its place .
Cases of fatal poisoning rarely if ever occur .
Nevertheless , it is one of the dangerous drugs that should be known only to be shunned -- an intoxicant with the most vicious propensities .
Copyright , 1936 , by the Chicago - Tribune , New York Times Syndicate , Inc .
I will give you gentleman just a few outstanding evidences of crimes that have been committed as a result of the use of marihuana .
MR .
REED :
The testimony before the committee of which I was formerly chairman in reference to heroin said in reference to the effect of it that it made men feel fearless , and that a great majority of the crimes of great violence that were committed were committed by addicts , and one man stated that it would make a rabbit fight a bulldog .
Does this drug have a similar effect ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Here is a gang of seven young men , all seven of them , young men under 21 years of age .
They terrorized central Ohio for more than two months , and they were responsible for 38 stick - ups .
They all boast they did those crimes while under the influence of marihuana .
MR .
LEWIS : Was that as an excuse , or a defense ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir .
MR .
LEWIS : Does it strengthen the criminal will ; does it operate as whisky might , to provoke recklessness ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : I think it makes them irresponsible .
A man does not know what he is doing .
It has not been recognized as a defense by the courts , although it has been used as a defense .
MR .
LEWIS : Probably the word " excuse " or " mitigation " would be better than defense , I think .
MR .
ANSLINGER : Here is one of the worst cases I have seen .
The district attorney told me the defendant in this case pleaded that he was under the influence of marihuana when he committed that crime , but that has not been recognized .
We have several cases of that kind .
There was one town in Ohio where a young man went into a hotel and held up the clerk and killed him , and his defense was that he had been affected by the use of marihuana .
MR .
FULLER : The only question was whether or not he knew what he was doing , whether he was insane .
That is always a defense , whether or not a man is in such a state of mind that he does not know good from evil .
The question is whether or not his mind is right , whether he is responsible .
MR .
ANSLINGER : As to these young men I was telling you about , one of them said if he had killed somebody on the spot he would not have known it .
In Florida a 21 - year - old boy under the influence of this drug killed his parents and his brothers and sisters .
The evidence showed that he had smoke marihuana .
In Chicago recently two boys murdered a policeman while under the influence of marihuana .
Not long ago we found a 15 - year - old boy going insane because , the doctor told the enforcement officers , he thought the boy was smoking marihuana cigarettes .
They traced the sale to some man who had been growing marihuana and selling it to these boys all under 15 years of age , on a playground there .
MR .
JENKINS : In my home town just recently two boys were sent to the penitentiary for life for killing a man , and their defense was built upon the fact that they had used a drug .
I do not believe it was this drug .
MR .
ANSLINGER : There have been a number of cases in Ohio recently .
MR .
JENKINS : The defense was made for them by a very successful lawyer .
MR .
REED : Is there any cure for a person who becomes an addict ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : I do not think there is such a thing as not being able to cure an addict .
Marihuana addicts my go to a Federal narcotic farm .
But I have not seen many addicts who could not be cured .
An addict could drop it and he will not experience any ill effects .
One of these boys I referred to went insane , and they stopped it .
Here in Colorado -- and Colorado seems to have had a lot of cases of violence recently -- in Alamosa County , and in Huerfano County the sheriff was killed as the result of the action of a man under the influence of marihuana .
Recently in Baltimore a young man was sent to the electric chair for having raped a girl while under the influence of marihuana .
I will show you how this traffic is increasing .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Have you completed your statement in reference to the criminal cases ?
MR . ANSLINGER : I have a number of cases here .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Are you acquainted with the report of the public prosecutor at New Orleans in 1931 ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , sir .
MR .
MCCORMACK : I think that would be valuable .
That was a case where 125 our of 450 prisoners were found to be marihuana addicts , and slightly less than one - half of the murderers were marihuana addicts , and about 20 percent of them were charged with being addicts of what they call " merry wonder " .
MR .
ANSLINGER : That is the same thing .
MR .
ANSLINGER : You are acquainted with that ?
MR . ANSLINGER : Yes , I have that report .
MR .
MCCORMACK : There was a report from other cities also .
MR .
ANSLINGER : That is one of the finest reports that has been written on marihuana by that district attorney .
He had daily contact with the problem and saw its effect on crime in that city .
I might say in that connection , that he said this -- and this is the report of Eugene Stanley -- in which he has said : Inasmuch as the harmful effects of the use of the drug is becoming more widely known each day , and it has been classed as a narcotic by the statutory laws of 17 American states --
Since that time we have that in every State --- England and Mexico , and persons addicted to its use have been made eligible for treatment in the United States narcotic farms , the United States Government , unquestionably , will be compelled to adopt a consistent attitude toward the drug , and include it in the Harrison Anti-Narcotic Law , so as to give Federal aid to the States in their effort to suppress a traffic as deadly and as destructive to society as the traffic in the other forms of narcotics now prohibited by the Harrison Act .
This drug is not being used by those who have been using heroin and morphine .
It is being used by a different class , by a mostly younger group of people .
The age of the morphine and heroin addict is increasing all the time , whereas the marihuana smoker is quite young .
MR .
DINGELL : I am just wondering whether the marihuana addict graduates into a heroin , an opium , or a cocaine user .
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir ; I have not heard of a case of that kind .
I think it is an entirely different class .
The marihuana addict does not go in that direction .
MR .
DINGELL : And the hardened narcotic user does not fall back on marihuana .
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir : he would not touch that .
Dr. Walter Bromberger , a distinguished psychiatrist in New York has made this statement :
Young men between the ages of 16 and 25 are frequent smokers of marihuana ; even boys of 10 to 14 are initiated ( frequently in school groups ) ; to them as other ; marijuana holds out the thrill .
Since the economic depression the number of marihuana smokers has increased by vagrant youths coming into contact with older psychopaths .
MR .
LEWIS : Do they make their own cigarettes ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , sir .
The cigarette is usually rolled by the peddler .
It is crudely rolled cigarette .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Is not Dr. Bromberger the senior psychiatrist at Bellevue Hospital ?
MR. ANSLINGER : Yes , sir .
MR .
MCCORMACK : What did he say in reference to crime ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : He argued one way and then he argued another way .
His conclusions were based on a study made of those men who had been sentenced to prison .
But that is not a fair conclusion because at the present time we have so many in prison in the several states sent up as a result of using marihuana .
I think in some states today that study would show a fairer conclusion than he arrived at , although in one part of his article he did say he believed that this excited to crime a man who would be less likely to commit a crime .
MR .
MCCORMACK : He did admit that it was a drug ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , sir .
I think he realized , and his article indicated that he realized , the danger of it .
Last year several states made 338 seizures of marihuana that we know of .
In most of those we participated , because we are cooperating with the states in carrying out the uniform State legislation .
We have also assisted several states by sending chemists to the local police to show them how to identify this drug , and we have conducted chemical research here .
Most of the complaints about this drug have been coming to the Federal office , and because time is of the essence we would like to have this legislation enacted very much , so we can step into the situation where it is highly desirable that we do so .
I will refer you to the case of a man in one of the Southern States .
One of our good friends gave us information to indicate that this man had about a ton of these high explosives stored in his barn .
There was no Federal law and no State law .
We took up the matter with the attorney general of that state , and we had to wait until the state had its act enacted , before we could take any action .
THE CHAIRMAN : How many states have laws in reference to marihuana ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Every state , except the District of Columbia .
THE CHAIRMAN : You said there was no state law .
MR .
ANSLINGER : In that particular state at that time there was no state law .
THE CHAIRMAN : The states now all do cooperate ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Every one of them , yes , sir .
But they do not all have central enforcement agencies .
MR .
MCCORMACK : You say every state has a law , and there are about 35 of the states that have the uniform state act ?
MR . ANSLINGER : Yes , sir .
The uniform state act has been adopted by 35 states .
THE CHAIRMAN : With this uniform state legislation , why can they not stamp this out ?
What progress are they making ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : They are making some progress , as is indicated by the 338 seizures made last year .
Last year the state of Pennsylvania destroyed 200,000 pounds .
MR .
LEWIS : Under the uniform state act the growth and distribution is prohibited .
Is that correct ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : That is true in most of the states .
MR .
LEWIS : What would the effect be in this case of our imposing an act under which we would be collecting revenue , and making the growth and distribution legitimate from the standpoint of the Federal Government .
MR .
ANSLINGER : The state acts provide for that .
They provide for legitimate distribution and for licensing of the grower under certain conditions .
MR .
LEWIS : Does this act require the licensing of the grower ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : It requires registration .
MR .
LEWIS : What is the legitimate distribution of this drug ?
You spoke of the industries .
MR .
ANSLINGER : There is its use in medicine .
Then the hemp product is used in some parts of Kentucky , Minnesota , and Wisconsin .
It is grown for hemp purposes .
It makes very fine cordage , and this legislation exempts the mature stalk when it is grown for hemp purposes .
MR .
MCCORMACK : There are other commercial purposes : MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes .
MR .
MCCORMACK : There is fiber out of which hats are made ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : That is not done so much in this country .
MR .
MCCORMACK : There is some of that .
MR .
ANSLINGER : Just a little .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Then is not the seed used for paints and oil ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : They import all their seed from Manchuria .
MR .
MCCORMACK : And it is also used as a constituent of commercial bird seed ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Mr. Lewis asked you a question about the commercial purposes .
MR .
ANSLINGER : Those are the only commercial purposes that I know of .
MR .
JENKINS : Mr. Hester said that he thought the commercial purposes were practically negligible .
I understand you to say that most of the products that are made from the seed are made from imported seed .
MR .
ANSLINGER : That is for oil .
MR .
JENKINS : You say that 35 of the states have adopted uniform legislation .
Where do they get that uniformity from ?
MR. ANSLINGER : That is from the commissioners on uniform state laws .
They were adopted by the American Bar Association and approved by the American Medical Association and some of the drug trade .
MR .
JENKINS : If each state has a law on this subject I wonder why that does not reach it .
MR .
ANSLINGER : It does reach it , but in spite of the act , we get requests from public officials from different states , and I will name particularly the states of Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico , Louisiana , and Oklahoma that have urged Federal legislation for the purpose of enabling us to cooperate with the several states .
MR .
JENKINS : It seems to me if the states have taken such action on this subject so far , and if we are going to take any action at all , we ought to be able to stamp it out .
MR .
ANSLINGER : I think this bill will do that .
MR .
JENKINS : If you are going to temporize with them and say as it seems you say here " No , we can not stamp it out ; we will encourage its growth .
it is all right to grow it . "
I do not see how you will stamp it out .
MR .
ANSLINGER : We do not do that for hemp production , and we recognize the fact that it is grown , that the farmers in some of these states grow it for hemp purposes .
I think about 10,000 acres cover that .
Dr. Dewey can tell you about that .
He has been with this problem for 30 years , and I would defer to his judgment , particularly as to legitimate uses .
MR .
MCCORMACK : There are state laws in reference to other drugs ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : The uniform state act covers opium and its derivatives , coca leaf and its derivatives , but there is a twilight zone there that the peddler breaks right through if the state has not taken action .
MR .
MCCORMACK : This is a tax measure and we might as well get the revenue out of it that enables the Federal government to cooperate with the states in connection with the state activities .
MR .
ANSLINGER : And you get a certain uniformity .
You also get to help the local police , and the always want it .
You also get to help the state police , and the always ask for this help .
Whenever they find marihuana the first place on which they call for help is the Federal narcotic office , so that they can take a man along who is a specialist on narcotic matters .
The have 35 states under the uniform act , and we have Federal legislation dealing with opium and coca leaves .
With this legislation we will make a drive on this traffic , and bend every effort to stamp it out , and it will not cost very much .
I say that advisedly because we have men throughout the country at the present time who are dealing with the narcotic problem .
But the use of marihuana is increasing .
I want to show you one more thing and that is in reference to the international side of this problem .
Canada made some seizures over here last year and they pointed the finger of scorn at us and said , " Why do you not do something about this ? "
We had to admit that we did not have any legislation .
There is some evidence that this drug is being smuggled to China today .
We have always pointed the finger of scorn at China , and now marihuana is being smuggled out to China , by sailors .
We are far ahead of any government when it comes to the 1912 Hague Convention , and the 1931 convention , but we are behind on the 1925 convention .
We are not signatories to it , but we cooperate with them .
We were in a curious position only a few months ago when an exporter sent a lot of cannabis to a British firm .
It was a legitimate shipment , but the British law demanded and export certificate , and we had to tell the British government that we did not have a law to compel that exporter to stop the shipment of cannabis .
He will probably do so , as a matter of cooperation .
But we had to warn him to stop violating British law , and that goes for practically every government on the face of the earth , except the United States .
Over 50 nations have national legislation on this problem , and it is very humiliating to have to say to these people when they trace the matter right to our shore , to tell them that we have no legislation to deal with that problem : MR .
LEWIS : You spoke about the District of Columbia having no law .
How about the Territories ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Hawaii has a law .
I can not tell you about Alaska .
Puerto Rico dos have a law .
The only place I am not sure about is Alaska .
MR .
LEWIS : You are sure about the District of Columbia ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Not having a law ?
MR . LEWIS : Yes .
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , sir ; because last year there were 15 dealers arrested here for peddling marihuana , and they had to be prosecuted for practicing pharmacy without a license .
MR .
BUCK : Have you suggested the enactment of such a law to the Committee on the District of Columbia ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , sir ; they have had a proposed uniform state laws for 3 or 4 years .
MR .
BUCK : Have they taken action on it at all ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir .
MR .
THOMPSON : What is the price of marihuana ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : The addict pays anywhere from 10 to 25 cents per cigarette .
It will be sold by the cigarette .
In illicit traffic the bulk price would be around $ 20 per pound .
Legitimately , the bulk is around $ 2 per pound .
MR .
THOMPSON : How does that compare with the price of opium or morphine ?
Do the class of people who use this drug use it because it is cheaper than the other kinds ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : That is one reason , yes , sir .
To be a morphine or heroin addict it would cost you from $ 5 to $ 8 a day to maintain your supply .
But if you want to smoke a cigarette you pay 10 cents .
MR .
BOERNE : Just one of them will knock the socks off of you .
MR .
ANSLINGER : One of them can do it .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Some of those cigarettes are sold much cheaper that 10 cents , are they not ?
In other words , it is a low - priced cigarette , and that is one of the reasons for the tremendous increases in its use .
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes ; it is low enough in price for school children to buy it .
MR .
MCCORMACK : And they have parties in different parts of the country that they call " reefer parties " .
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , sir ; we have heard of them , and know of them .
MR .
FULLER : Another thing is that they will not be able to get other kinds of dope , but they do have an opportunity to get this marihuana , which causes it to be so much sought after and used in the community .
MR .
ANSLINGER : That is true , and the effect is just passed by word of mouth and everybody wants to try it .
MR .
WOODRUFF : Have you put into the record a statement showing the names of the different states in which this drug plant is grown ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : It is grown in practically all states .
I have a statement in reference to the seizures , which I will put in the record .
MR .
THOMPSON : I would like to know whether or not these marihuana cigarettes move through legitimate channels .
Are there manufacturing concerns that make them , or are they rolled in the kitchens and cellars like illicit liquor used to be made ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : It is 100 percent illicit .
MR .
THOMPSON : No concerns make it legitimately ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : No , sir .
MR .
MCCORMACK : As a matter of fact , I understand they found that some were grown in one of our Federal prisons .
MR .
ANSLINGER : They found some marihuana growing in one of the prisons .
We heard of that .
There was a seizure made in the Colorado State Reformatory for boys not long ago .
MR .
MCCORMACK : Was there not one made at San Quentin ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : Yes , sir .
MR . BUCK .
Mr. Hester testified that there were about 11,000 acres in cultivation in the country .
Is that legitimate cultivation ?
MR .
ANSLINGER : That would be legitimate cultivation .
Dr. Dewey of the Department of Agriculture can give you that exact information .
MR .
REED : Mr. Anslinger , you have been interrupted in your statement from time to time , and I am wondering if you have not some statement that would give the general information to the committee on this subject which you might like to put in the record .
MR .
ANSLINGER : I would like to put in the record the statement of the district attorney that I referred to .
I also have a statement showing the seizures of marihuana during the calendar year 1936 in the various states .
THE CHAIRMAN : Without objection , you may extend your statement in the record by inserting such information as you think would be helpful to the committee .
Best Help With SEO
If you are new to the world of SEO you will need a technical SEO consultant .
What is a technical SEO consultant you may ask , well , a technical SEO consultant is someone who analyses website and everything important to it and he uses that information to give you the best advice .
Before you join the world of internet marketing you must learn what SEO is .
If you do not know what SEO is , we will happily guide you into the new world .
The first thing that you must know is what SEO stands for .
SEO stands for search engine optimization .
SEO processes in which the person who is doing it pushes your website on the top of the Google search .
SEO is very important for people who have an online business .
SEO is focused on using keywords from your website to push a website to the top on Google search .
There are few techniques for SEO , but not all of them are right , so when finding someone to do an SEO for you , you should look up for professionals who are using the right techniques .
Finding the best technical SEO consultant is important as finding the right person to do an SEO for you .
SEO is very important for your website , and if your website is about your business then it is also very important for your business .
If you want your business to last long , then you must find someone to do an SEO in the right way for you .
Some people do not think that is important to have some professional do an SEO for them .
They just think even if SEO is not done in the right way it will not bring any harm to a website , but they are very wrong .
If SEO is done in right way it can push your website on the top of the Google search , but if it is done in wrong way , using some sketchy techniques it will push your website down , and you will never be able to push it to the top ever again .
Finding the right person to do an SEO for you is not an easy job to do , but we will recommend someone to you .
The company which is probably one of the best companies who can do an SEO is called Scott Services .
Company Scott Services has been around for many years and they helped a lot of people to upgrade their business .
Scott started his company so that he can help as many people succeed in their business .
If you have a website but do not know what its ranking is Scott can find out for you and give you his estimation and all of that free of charge .
If you want to learn more about him and about his services visit his website .
One more thing about him is that his services are affordable for anyone .
You can also send him an email with all questions you have , and he will gladly explain everything to you .
DJ Ruth Flowers , a 69 - year - old British grandmother , is conquering the Parisian party scene .
Clad in a leopard - skin shrug and sunglasses , the British granny is playing trendy nightclubs in the French capital and is booked for the Cannes Film Festival .
DJ Flowers , from Bristol , began playing at 65 , after stumbling upon her grandson ’s birthday party .
" It started really when my grandson had a birthday party .
He was quite young and they always have a little disco , " she said .
" After the party , I went along quite late and the gentlemen on the door said ' I do n't think you want to go in there madam ' .
" I said , ' well I rather think I do , because it's my grandson 's birthday . '
And I went in , and the noise , it was very noisy , the lights were flashing , but there was an awful lot of energy and real enjoyment of the music and the dancing so I thought , ' I like this . '
" I love to see the kids enjoy themselves .
So I thought , ' I could do that , I could do that for the kids ' , you know ? "
Flowers , a trained singer , said it took her four years to learn to use the machines .
French producer Aurelien Simon , who taught her how to spin , said : " I explained the basics of electro music , and then she created her own style . "
Flowers ' sets mix techno and dance peppered with rock by the likes of Queen and the Rolling Stones .
She is currently working on her first single and has no plans to retire .
Belfast Telegraph
From swimming with dolphins to fishing for piranhas – seven of the best things to do on an Amazon cruise
Hand Embroidery Tutorials
by Jenny Hart
Want to learn hand embroidery ?
Who has the time ?
You do .
I know , I know , it sounds painstaking , time - consuming and intimidating .
Whatever .
This is a deceptively simple craft .
Embroidery is easy , relaxing , and one of the least expensive hobbies you can take up .
My instructions are n't quite the same as others , like my Fool - Proof French Knot .
YOU CAN DO THIS .
So , let 's do this ...
Basic Tools for Hand Embroidery :
Three Simple Stitches for Hand Embroidery :
More Stitches for Hand Embroidery :
Tricks & Techniques :
How - To : Dark Fabrics Part 1
How - To : Dark or Stretchy Fabrics Part 2
How - To : Tracing Paper & Transfer Pens
USA Steals ' Largest Seller of Death ' Title from Russia
Russia slid to second place on the list of world ’s largest sellers of arms giving way to the United States of America .
Russia covered 24 percent of the world arms market from 2005 to 2009 , whereas the USA ’s percentage is higher – 30 % , AFP reports with reference to a research conducted by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) .
Russia was previously ahead of the USA and had 31 percent on the market from 2001 to 2005 vs. the USA ’s 30 percent .
USA Steals ' Largest Seller of Death ' Title from Russia
Russia ’s defense export giant Rosoboronexport currently ships arms to over 70 countries of the world .
Air force equipment makes 50 percent of all shipments .
Russia ’s biggest partners on the arms market are India , Algeria , China , Venezuela , Malaysia and Syria .
Rosoboronexport ’s business portfolio for 2010 is evaluated at over $ 34 billion .
Germany , France and Britain follow Russia on the list of world ’s largest exporters of conventional arms today , RIA Novosti reports .
Asia and Oceania purchase most of the arms – 41 percent .
Russia ’s export to this region makes up 69 percent , the USA comes with 39 percent .
The list of international shipments continues with Europe – 24 percent ( 18 percent from the USA ) , the Middle East – 17 percent ( 36 percent from the USA ) , Americas – 11 percent and Africa – 7 percent .
Arms sales to the countries of South America in 2005 - 2009 increased by 50 percent in comparison with the previous year .
Arms import in Indonesia , Singapore and Malaysia had a 146 - percent increase from 2000 to 2004 .
The increase from 2005 to 2009 made up 722 percent .
Such activities on the arms markets of South America , Africa and Asia may testify to the beginning of the arms race , experts say .
Singapore , for instance , has become one of the world ’s largest importers of arms since the end of the war in Vietnam , SIPRI ’s study said .
The list of arms - importing countries changes slightly and mostly remains stable .
China and India are the two largest importers of arms in the world .
Greece is included in the top five : the nation particularly purchased 26 F - 16C and 25 French Mirage - 2000 - 9 fighter jets .
SIPRI ’s research did not embrace the statistics on small arms , light arms and transport used in military actions .
Specialists of the institute analyzed only the circulation of military hardware – aviation , armor , vessels and artillery .
Russia Today : Russia has no obstacles for military cooperation with Iran
Neuroskeptic covers a fascinating case of a man born with a genetic mutation meaning he had a severe lifelong deficiency of both serotonin and dopamine .
The case report concerns a gentleman with sepiapterin reductase deficiency , a genetic condition which prevents the production of the enzyme sepiapterin reductase which is essential in the synthesis of both dopamine and serotonin .
The most widely recognised symptoms of the condition , linked to the deficiency in dopamine which has an important role in controlling movement , are problems coordinating both conscious movements and the unconscious control of muscles that allows simple actions .
Unconscious control requires that the brain signals one muscle to contract while releasing the complementary muscle , and problems with this process cause spasticity .
The effects the condition on serotonin , often stereotyped as the ‘ happy chemical ’ , are less well known , but in this case it was clear that the patient was n’t depressed but did some other difficulties :
These included increased appetite – he ate constantly , and was moderately obese – mild cognitive impairment , and disrupted sleep : “ The patient reported sleep problems since childhood .
He would sleep 1 or 2 times every day since childhood and was awake during more than 2 hours most nights since adolescence .
At the time of the first interview , the night sleep was irregular with a sleep onset at 22:00 and offset between 02:00 and 03:00 .
He often needed 1 or 2 spontaneous , long ( 2- to 5 - h ) naps during the daytime . ”
After doctors did a genetic test and diagnosed SRD , they treated him with 5HTP , a precursor to serotonin .
The patient ’s sleep cycle immediately normalized , his appetite was reduced and his concentration and cognitive function improved ( although that may have been because he was less tired ) …
Overall , though , the biggest finding here was a non-finding : this patient was n’t depressed , despite having much reduced serotonin levels .
This is further evidence that serotonin is n’t the “ happy chemical ” in any simple sense .
This is another piece of evidence against the common myth that depression is “ caused by low serotonin ” although Neuroskeptic speculates whether the link between disrupted sleep and depression may indicate an effect of serotonin dysfnction .
Link to Neuroskeptic on ‘ Life Without Serotonin ’ .
Link to summary of scientific paper .
“ The things that are not conducive to investments here are [ corporate ] taxes and capital equipment credits , ” he said .
“ A new semiconductor factory at world scale built from scratch is about $ 4.5 billion  in the United States .
If I build that factory in almost any other country in the world , where they have significant incentive programs , I could save $ 1 billion , ” because of all the tax breaks these governments throw in .
Not surprisingly , the last factory Intel built from scratch was in China .
“ That comes online in October , ” he said .
“ And it was n’t because the labor costs are lower .
Yeah , the construction costs were a little bit lower , but the cost of operating when you look at it after tax was substantially lower and you have local market access . ”
Image Thomas L. Friedman Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
These local incentives matter because smart , skilled labor is everywhere now .
Intel can thrive today  not just survive , but thrive  and never hire another American .
Asked if his company was being held back by weak science and math education in America ’s K - 12 schools , Otellini explained :
“ As a citizen , I hate it .
As a global employer , I have the luxury of hiring the best engineers anywhere on earth .
If I ca n’t get them out of M.I.T. , I ’ll get them out of Tsing Hua ”  Beijing ’s M.I.T .
It gets worse .
Otellini noted that a 2009 study done by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation and cited recently in Democracy Journal “ ranked the U.S. sixth among the top 40 industrialized nations in innovative competitiveness  not great , but not bad .
Yet that same study also measured what they call ‘ the rate of change in innovation capacity ’ over the last decade  in effect , how much countries were doing to make themselves more innovative for the future .
The study relied on 16 different metrics of human capital  I.T. infrastructure , economic performance and so on .
On this scale , the U.S. ranked dead last out of the same 40 nations .
...
When you take a hard look at the things that make any country competitive .
... we are slipping . ”
If the government just boosted the research and development tax credit by 5 percent and lowered corporate taxes , argued Otellini , and we “ started one or two more projects in companies around the country that made them more productive and more competitive , the government ’s tax revenues are going to grow . ”
With the generous research and development tax credits and lower corporate taxes they receive , Intel ’s chief competitors in South Korea basically have “ zero cost of money , ” said Otellini .
Intel can compete against that with superior technology , but many other U.S. firms can’t .
حرب فعلية .. ناغورنو كاراباخ تؤكد " لا حوار قبل وقف النا ر "
04:38 GMT
The company wants to train hundreds of urban beekeepers Urban beekeeping could be vital in helping reverse a decline in honeybees , the Co-operative Group has claimed .
The company , which has 600 hives on land around the UK , is rolling out a scheme to encourage more people to keep hives in towns and cities .
It began training budding beekeepers on allotments in Manchester in 2009 .
Now the Plan Bee scheme , which the firm hopes can boost honeybee numbers , is being rolled out to other areas of the city as well as London and Inverness .
The Co-operative is spending an extra £ 225,000 on the project with the aim of getting 300 new beekeepers in cities .
Would - be beekeepers are sent on a free two - day course and , if they are interested , are provided with free kit , bees and an easy - to - use plastic " beehaus " hive .
Urban beekeeping is becoming increasingly popular and could be a vital tool in the reverse of honeybee decline in the UK
Paul Monaghan , the Co-operative The new Plan Bee funding will also finance more research into the cause of declining honeybee populations in the UK .
Paul Monaghan , head of social goals at the Co-operative , said : " Nature 's number one pollinating machine appears to be breaking down and no one knows for sure why .
" Urban beekeeping is becoming increasingly popular and could be a vital tool in the reverse of honeybee decline in the UK .
" Through our urban beekeeper projects we want to show people that you do n't have to have acres of land to take up beekeeping . "
Last year the government 's conservation agency Natural England urged people in towns and cities to keep bees in their gardens to counter declining honeybee populations .
They face a growing number of threats including pests and diseases such as the varroa mite and a lack of habitat providing food sources such as wild flowers .
Experts believe the honeybee population halved in England between 1985 and 2005 , the Co-operative said .
Across the UK , numbers of honeybee colonies have fallen by between 6.7 % and almost 12 % a year over the past three years , according to the government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After taking a four goal lead in the third period , the Devils looked to have their game against the Sharks won and their six - game road losing streak over .
But the Sharks came roaring back , scoring three goals in 2:46 seconds , and the Devils held on and defeated the San Jose , 4 - 3 , tonight at HP Pavilion .
Devils center Travis Zajac ’s goal at 5:44 of the third period extended the Devils lead to four goals .
Jamie Langenbrunner started the play in his own zone , intercepting the puck .
He sent a pass to Zach Parise in the neutral zone .
Parise carried the puck and sent a pass cross-ice to Zajac .
The winger fired a shot from the right circle that beat Sharks goalie Evgeni Nabakov stick side for Zajac ’s 20th goal of the season .
Zajac ’s goal total equals his career high , which he set last year .
The Sharks answered back , with Devin Setoguchi leading the charge .
The right - winger scored his first goal at 8:46 of the period .
Joe Thornton passed the puck to Setoguchi , who was left alone in the slot .
Setoguchi beat Devils ’ goalie Martin Brodeur low on the stick side for the goal .
Setoguchi added his second goal of the period 1:49 seconds later .
With Dean McAmmond in the box for tripping , Sharks defenseman Rob Blake fired a shot from the point .
The rebound came to the left circle , where Setoguchi beat Brodeur for the goal .
The Sharks brought the lead to one with a Joe Pavelski goal at 11:32 of the period .
After Sharks center Manny Malholtra caused a turnover , Pavelski picked up the puck behind the net .
The forward came to the front of the net and slide the puck behind Brodeur for his 17th goal of the season .
After a scoreless first period , Devils center Dainius Zubrus scored the first goal 11:13 to give the Devils the lead .
Devils defenseman Colin
White began the play by causing a turnover in his zone .
He passed the puck to Ilya Kovalchuk , who skated the puck to the slot .
He backhanded a pass to Patrik Elias , who put on a quick shot from the left circle .
Nabakov made the save , but the puck trickled through his pads and laid on the crease .
Zubrus crashed the net and pushed the puck in for his sixth goal of the season .
Mark Fraser extended the lead to two goals 35 seconds later .
David Clarkson curled at the goal line and sent the puck to defenseman Anssi Salmela .
Salmela passed the puck cross-ice to Fraser , who one - timed the shot .
The puck deflected off of San Jose ’s Scott Nichol and beat Nabakov glove side .
Kovalchuk extended the lead to three with a powerplay goal late in the third .
With Malholtra in the box for hooking , Zajac won the faceoff and passed it to Parise .
Parise sent the puck to the point , and Kovalchuk skated to the center of the point .
He sent a shot on net that deflected off of Sharks defenseman Rob Blake and into the net .
The powerplay goal was the first for Kovalchuk as a Devil .
Brodeur finished with 17 saves in the win .
Nabakov stopped 22 pucks in the loss .
With the win , the Devils snapped a six - game road losing streak .
They continue their three - game Western road trip Friday in Calgary .
Game Notes :
Clarkson , who returned from a 23 game absence , had an assist in the win .
The Devils right - winger also had words with Sharks right - winger Brad Staubitz in the second period , although nothing came from it … Both Langenbrunner and Parise received applause for their silver medal effort in Vancouver …
The Sharks remain one of three teams Brodeur has never shut out .
Was macht heute eine Familie aus ?
Viele sagen , ganz klassisch : Mutter , Vater , Kinder .
Aber es geht auch anders – immer mehr Menschen testen neue Formen des Zusammenlebens .
Ein Ziel haben sie aber alle gemeinsam .
Ein Besuch bei fünf Familien .
( CNN ) -- NASA has launched an Atlas V rocket carrying a probe that the agency says will study the sun " in greater detail than ever before . "
A rocket carrying the Solar Dynamics Observatory lifted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , at 10:23 a.m. ET Thursday .
NASA had delayed the launch three times Wednesday because of windy conditions .
The agency says the first - of - its - kind observatory will provide a better understanding of the sun and its role in space weather events such as solar flares , which can wreak havoc on Earth .
The observatory is designed to deliver solar images with 10 times better resolution than high - definition television , according to NASA .
Its five - year mission " will determine how the sun 's magnetic field is generated , structured and converted into violent solar events like turbulent solar wind , solar flares and coronal mass ejections , " according to the agency .
The solar wind , a stream of electrically charged particles flowing from the sun , fills the solar system with charged particles and magnetic fields , according to NASA .
Solar flares are explosions in the sun 's atmosphere , the largest of them equal to billions of one - megaton nuclear bombs .
And coronal mass ejections , or CMEs , are eruptions that launch solar material into space at a high rate of speed .
Such events can put astronauts at risk , as well as aircraft flying over Earth 's North or South poles , and can disrupt satellite communications , navigational systems and power grids , NASA said .
In 1969 , for instance , a solar eruption knocked a power grid serving Quebec , Canada , off - line for nine hours .
" That 's a direct impact on life and society , " said Richard Fisher , who is director of NASA 's Heliophysics Division and in charge of the launch .
In addition , changes in magnetic energy such as those around sunspots can change Global Positioning System signals , making them less accurate .
" If you 're landing a great big jet airliner in a low - visibility situation and you have one of these events that causes a misinterpretation of location by 150 to 200 yards , that 's big stuff when you 're trying to hit a runway with these instruments , " Fisher said .
Currently , there 's no way to predict space weather ; officials are hoping the Solar Dynamics Observatory can provide information to help change that .
" This is the most advanced spacecraft we 've ever designed to study the sun and its dynamic behavior , " said Fisher .
The sun , he said , " has this trick of converting magnetic energy into other kinds of energy that can affect the Earth . "
" I believe we 're up to the point now where we can probably predict when something like this is more or less likely and you can at least take precautions , " Fisher said about solar weather .
A warning system , for example , could help power grid operators avoid an outage by taking some of the grid 's load off or finding alternative configurations .
The sun 's effect was n't an issue for the Earth until the technological advances in electronics over the past hundred years , he said .
The observatory is " going to give us good awareness of the dynamics of the sun and we 're going to be able to make estimates on when we should take precautions with our satellites or with airline operations or with Department of Defense systems , " Fisher said .
" We have an increasing pressure on science to try and predict what 's going to happen on the sun , and that 's the scientific bent of this satellite , is to try to get a handle on it . "
The observatory contains three major instruments that scientists believe will send data back to Earth for at least five years .
The helioseismic and magnetic imager and the atmospheric imaging assembly will allow scientists to see the sun in high resolution .
The imaging assembly will also observe the outer layer of the sun 's atmosphere , and the extreme ultraviolet variability experiment will measure its ultraviolet spectrum every 10 seconds .
" Space weather forecasting is in its infancy ... just like hurricane forecasting was years ago , " said Liz Citrin , SDO project manager at Nasa 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , which developed and will manage the mission , in an article on NASA 's Web site .
" We built up experience in collecting data , designed models , tested those models and now look what we can do . "
The observatory will snap an image of the sun in eight wavelengths every 10 seconds , NASA said .
It will remain in continuous contact with a station at the White Sands Complex in southern New Mexico .
" The biggest challenge of this mission was the data rate , " Citrin said in the article .
" SDO will blast back 1.5 terabytes of information every day .
...
That 's equivalent to a half - million song downloads .
It 's unprecedented . "
The observatory is the first mission in NASA 's Living With a Star program .
The program is aimed at increasing understanding of the sun in order to address its effect on Earth .
The mission was supposed to launch in August 2008 , but scientists decided more testing was needed .
CNN 's Shelby Erdman contributed to this report .
5,700 citations
Our slang thesaurus has more than 600 categories of meaning .
Some of our unique features include usage and vulgarity stastics , and maps showing where each word is used .
Be sure to subscribe to the word of the day .
You can log in to add words and definitions - and edit existing definitions !
Started in 1996 , The Online Slang Dictionary is the eldest slang dictionary on the web .
We bring you more than 24,000 real definitions for over 17,000 slang words and phrases .
You 'll find more thanfrom TV shows , movies , news publications , and other sources .
( Citations have been removed to resolve Google 's penalty against this site . ) More about the dictionary can be found on the " About " page
If you needed more proof that solid - state drives are the future of computer storage , today , Western Digital , one of the largest traditional hard disk drives manufacturers has jumped with both feet into the market .
Although the company already listed a SiliconDrive SSD in its portfolio , following the acquisition of SiliconSystems last year , the new SiliconEdge Blue represents their very first consumer - grade offering and also their first in - house design .
The drive uses an undisclosed third - party storage controller and firmware that have been tweaked by Western Digital itself for improved performance .
Although they would n't reveal who 's behind the controller , Anand did some digging around and identified its internals as JMicron 's JMF612 ( same as Crucial 's Reactor series ) .
The controller features a garbage collection routine and supports TRIM and Native Command Queuing , which is to be expected of modern SSDs .
Western Digital wo n't be offering a manual TRIM tool for non-Windows 7 systems , though .
The SiliconEdge Blue uses a 3 Gbps Serial ATA interface and can reportedly sustain reads at 250MB/s and writes at 140 MB /s -- maximum write speed is 170 MB /s .
There 's 64MB of DDR2 cache memory and Western Digital claims the drive can process 5,000 IOPS with random 4KB reads and writes .
Unfortunately performance tests show the SiliconEdge Blue is no match for Indilinx - based or Intel SSDs , yet it is more expensive than both .
The drives will be available in 64 , 128 , and 256GB capacities with suggested retail prices of $ 279 , $ 529 , and $ 999 , respectively .
( Note : as mentioned in the comments , Newegg.com has them for $ 249.99 , $ 449.99 , and $ 799.99 )
Intel 's significantly faster X25 - M G2 160GB on the other hand can be had for $ 429 , while OCZ 's Vertex Turbo 120 GB are selling for as little as $ 360 these days .
If the House agrees to abortion terms , Richard Doerflinger , an associate director of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , says clerics will work to move the upper chamber .
Bishops offer help with Senate
The Roman Catholic bishops signaled Thursday that if agreement is reached with House leaders on anti-abortion language , the church would work to get the votes needed to protect the provisions in the Senate — and thereby advance the shared goal with Democrats of health care reform .
“ We would strongly urge everyone , Democratic and Republican , to vote to waive the point of order , ” Richard Doerflinger , an associate director of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , told POLITICO .
“ Whether it would be enough to get to 60 votes , I ca n’t predict .
We would certainly try . ”
Advertisement
“ I think it ’s something we should explore , ” said Rep. Dale Kildee ( D - Mich . ) , a longtime opponent of abortion .
“ It could be something that could carry out the bishops ’ objective . ”
Absent some agreement , there is the real threat that anti-abortion Democrats will withhold their votes , making it harder , if not impossible , to save health care in the House .
The alternate route is a gamble but one that opens the door to what could be a powerful alliance benefiting Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and President Barack Obama as they try to jump - start the reform effort in the coming weeks .
With a large network of Catholic hospitals and the church ’s gospel of social justice , the bishops have long called for expanded health coverage .
As Kathy Saile , director of domestic policy for the conference , said last fall , “ The bishops see it as a moral imperative and national priority . ”
But abortion has been a stubborn dividing point with the two sides fighting over how tight to make the ban on federal funding .
In November , the bishops drove a tough bargain , winning an amendment by Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) that would severely restrict the ability of even private companies to provide abortion coverage under new state insurance exchanges .
That House deal — since weakened by the Senate — is what the bishops want to revive now as part of Obama ’s final push on health care .
But to survive the Senate , any revisions would need 60 votes to overcome points of order under the expedited reconciliation procedures being contemplated .
Conventional wisdom has held that it will be next to impossible to cut this Gordian knot , since Republicans — with 41 votes — will be determined to disrupt health care reform .
But in the November House debate , the bishops moved forcefully to squelch Republican efforts to derail the Stupak amendment ; Doerflinger indicated the conference would take the same posture — that this is a vote of conscience .
“ If the Stupak amendment or something equivalent to it were in the reconciliation package on the Senate floor and it was necessary to get 60 votes to waive the point of order , ” he said , “ we would strongly urge everyone , Democratic and Republican , to vote to waive the point of order . ”
“ That could be the key vote , ” Kildee told POLITICO .
“ The bishops could say , ‘ Are you really with us ? ’
That ’s the key vote . ”
Stupak has been warning that he will withhold his vote for health care reform absent some agreement , but in her weekly news conference , Pelosi insisted that there have been no ironclad threats and that she is open to talks .
“ When people think there is n’t going to be a bill , they can take whatever position they want , ” Pelosi said .
“ But now they know there is going to be a bill , and these members are saying , let ’s talk . ”
Kildee agreed , saying he continues to have discussions with Rep. Rosa DeLauro ( D - Conn . ) , Pelosi ’s close ally .
“ It does n’t have to be Stupak . ... I would look more at the objective than the language , ” he said .
“ The speaker ’s good at counting .
Her count will determine how far she may go . ”
What a shame that the one movie about the Iraq war that has a chance of being viewed by a large worldwide audience should be so disappointing .
According to press reports , members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences finally found a movie about the Iraq war they liked because it is “ apolitical . ”
Actually , “ The Hurt Locker ” is just the opposite ; it ’s an endorsement of the politically chauvinistic view that the world is a stage upon which Americans get to deal with their demons no matter the consequence for others .
It is imperial hubris turned into an art form in which the Iraqi people appear as numbed bystanders when they are not deranged extras .
It is a perverse tribute to the film ’s accuracy in portraying the insanity of the U.S. invasion — while ignoring its root causes — that the Iraqis are at no point treated as though they are important .
They never have been , at least in the American view .
No Iraqi had anything to do with attacking us on 9/11 , and while we are happy to have an excuse to grab their oil and deploy our bloated military arsenal , the people of Iraq are never more than an afterthought .
Whatever motivates Iraqi characters in the movie to throw stones or blow themselves up is unimportant , for they are nothing more than props for a uniquely American - centered show .
It is we who matter and they who are graced by our presence no matter how screwed up we may be .
Indeed , the only recognition of the humanity of the people being conquered comes in a brief glimpse of a young boy , a porn video seller , the one Iraqi whose existence touches the concern of the film ’s reckless soldier hero .
The American cares deeply about the quality of the sex videos he purchases , but , as it transpires , he is indifferent to the quality of his own family ’s life back home .
Even that depressingly sad commentary on life in America is mitigated by the fact that it produces even more dedicated warriors .
Maybe a deeply unsatisfying home life is a necessary prerequisite for being all you can be in the Army .
Yes , it is true , as Chris Hedges is quoted in the beginning of “ The Hurt Locker ” : “ The rush of battle is often a potent and lethal addiction , for war is a drug . ”
That ’s from his book “ War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning , ” and the most positive thing to come out of this film might be that some people will be encouraged to read his brilliant book .
But the film itself is otherwise an enlightened Rambo story :
War is hellish but entertaining , and real men are those who will rise to the task no matter if its larger aim is absurd .
But the real addiction to war is not that of hapless soldiers , those troops that the filmmakers insisted on applauding as they clutched their Oscar statuettes .
Rather , that addiction lies in the lust for power and profit among those who sent the soldiers to Iraq to kill and be killed in a war known to our leaders to have been undertaken for false purposes .
Invading Iraq became the obsession of the Bush administration after 9/11 , as opposed to dealing with Afghanistan , where , as then - Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld put it , there were no good targets .
The Taliban hardly provided as worthy an adversary as Saddam Hussein in our quest to replace the Soviet empire as a reason for our massive military expenditures .
And there was the wan hope that the oil in Iraq would pay for it all .
That oil has n’t paid for any of it , but while U.S. taxpayers get stuck with the bill , the multinational corporations swarming over the place will do very well .
Bringing up such crass motives presents an inconvenient truth for those who believe that American foreign policy is driven by higher goals .
For them I would point to the example of Clinton - era Ambassador Peter Galbraith , who became a cheerleader for George W. Bush ’s war .
His hawkishness was supposedly based on concern for Iraq ’s Kurdish population even though that group was living outside of Saddam Hussein ’s area of control .
After the U.S. invasion Galbraith was an active adviser on the writing of Iraq ’s constitution and lobbied to include language that gave the Kurds control over the oil in their region .
Galbraith was at the time advising a Norwegian company that secured oil rights from those same Kurds , and he , in turn , received 5 percent of one of the most promising oil fields , worth an estimated $ 100 million .
Do n’t you think at least one of the soldiers in “ The Hurt Locker ” would have known that kind of stuff was going on ?
If so , it ’s disrespectful to our troops to have censored such innate GI wisdom .
Comments
Back in 2006 , when McCain still thought he perhaps maybe could be President of these here United States and did n’t want to push away any potential voting demographics –something he no longer has anything to worry about since he ’s pushed away as many as he already could –he famously said that when the armed services came to him and said that gays should be let in to serve openly , he ’d be right behind them .
Or maybe not so famously , since if you thought John had trouble programming his VCR , wait ’ll you see the hash he made of his TiVo .
You ’d think some of these politicians would be aware that videotape has been around since the 1950s and in homes since the 70 s –not to mention the YouTubes available on the Internets .
Anyway , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Michael Mullen went in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee and said how it ’s time to let gay citizens defend their country without having to lie about who they are .
Well , you ’d think they suggested replacing the US flag with stripes of puce and chartreuse .
Gates and Mullen were BIASED with regards to this policy and clearly it needed more study on its effects on the troops .
You know , like more study is needed on whether or not the earth is a coupla billion years old or 6000 , or whether polar bears are taking swimming lessons .
What would be the result on their readiness and effectiveness ?
Well , for one thing , if we had n’t discharged several gay Arabic translators , we might be having a better time of it in the Middle East , but that ’s too rational so it does n’t count .
No , Uncle John is talking about more important issues like whether or not you ’re going to lie awake in the barracks wondering if your bunkmates are banging girls or banging boys !
Whether you will come back from maneuvers one day to discover curtains and potted palms festooning the living quarters .
Whether you ’ll be all ready to shoot your weapon only to go SQWIK when you realize the soldier next to you is GAY !
By weapon , I mean your rifle .
We must take care of our sensitive troops–it ’s not like they ’ll be encountering gay people EVERYWHERE ELSE in the universe .
“ Thank God we still have Congress to keep you guys from running your own show , ” McCain countered .
“ I ought to know what today ’s serviceman thinks , I was one thirty years ago !
Let ’s keep homosexuality in the Capitol Hill bathrooms where it belongs ! ”
THE face that North Korea presents to the world is widely held to be unreal .
Kim Jong
Il once told Madeleine Albright , Bill Clinton 's secretary of state , that the bombast in honour of himself and his late , great father , Kim Il Sung , was so much nonsense .
Bruce Cumings , an historian , wonders what Mr Kim can be thinking , “ standing there in his pear - shaped polyester pantsuit , pointy - toed elevator shoes , oversize sunglasses of malevolent tint , an arrogant curl to his feminine lip …and a perpetual bad - hair day ?
He is thinking , get me out of here . ”
The notion that North Korea does not always believe what it is doing colours even diplomacy , which may soon start up again after months of tantrums on the part of the North .
The aim is to get North Korea to give up its nuclear programmes as a prelude to normalising relations on the Korean peninsula .
Many policymakers in America believe — against the evidence — that Mr Kim can be persuaded to do a deal .
Some think that behind his antagonism lurks a desire for accommodation — and even an alliance .
A new book* , by Brian Myers at South Korea 's Dongseo University , shows just how wishful such thinking is .
Dismissing what the North Korean regime tells the outside world , the author looks instead at North Korea 's domestic propaganda , the Kim family cult and the country 's official myths .
From these he pieces together what North Koreans are supposed to believe .
He concludes that Mr Kim 's power is based not just on surveillance and repression .
Nor can its survival be ascribed simply to the effective brainwashing of the population .
Rather , the personality cult proceeds from powerful myths about race and history .
Ideas of racial purity lie at the heart of North Koreans ' self - image .
Since the regime 's founding , they have been taught to think that they are a unique race , incapable of evil .
Virtue , in turn , has made Koreans as vulnerable as children .
Korea 's history , the regime insists , is the history of a child - race abused by adults — Chinese , Japanese and American .
Pure , spontaneous and naive , Koreans need a caring , protective leader .
The upshot is the Kims ' peculiar cult , of state - sponsored infantilism .
You see no chin-thrusting depictions of father or son on the monumental streets of Pyongyang .
In art as in life , both Kims are effeminate and podgy .
Warnings against fleeing to China are conveyed as directed at a squirrel who wanders too far .
In paintings , Kim Il Sung tucks children into bed .
The nation lies at the “ breast ” of Kim Jong Il and his party .
As commander - in - chief of the armed forces , Mr Kim is even called “ Mother General ” .
There is a precedent for this weirdly hermaphroditic parent figure : Emperor Hirohito in fascist , imperial Japan .
Then Hirohito was depicted as the heart of a pure nation , which was ready to die for him because emperor and people were one .
When Japan ruled Korea from 1905 - 45 , racist ideologues said that the two countries shared the same bloodline .
They were both members of the winning racial team .
After the second world war , Mr Myers recounts , Kim Il Sung kicked the Japanese off the team and pinched all their ideas .
Former propagandists for the Japanese were set to work manufacturing North Korean myths .
Mount Paektu was endowed with Fuji - like sacred status .
Kim was painted atop a white charger , like one Hirohito used to ride .
And , like Hirohito until Japan 's surrender , Kim Jong
Il , like his father before him , was not heard speaking by his people in public broadcasts .
To an extent , such fascism has worked .
Many North Koreans see the mass robotic gymnastics of the Arirang games ( which bore Kim Jong Il rigid ) not as a grim Stalinist display but as a celebration of pure blood and homogeneity .
The counterpart to a childish state at home is a hostile world outside .
For this Japan and , especially , imperialist America are essential .
Mr Myers conveys well the intensity of race - hatred directed at America .
Americans are chillingly scorned as miscegenated “ bastards ” , in contrast to pure - blooded Koreans .
Again , myths are recycled from militarist Japan .
Christian missionaries are said to inject innocent Korean children with fatal bacilli .
The author valuably describes how propagandists depict diplomatic overtures by South Korea and America as quaking capitulations .
Aid becomes tribute , so aid - bags stamped with the stars - and - stripes are tolerated when turned into use as holdalls .
All this has a bearing as the diplomatic merry - go - round cranks up again .
End games
Mr Myers wonders why Mr Kim would ever give up confrontation with America when his legitimacy rests upon it .
After a deadly famine in the mid-1990s and , in recent weeks , a bungled currency confiscation , he has no interest in claiming to stand for material prosperity .
Anyway , South Korea wins that competition hands - down .
Rather , nuclear crises since 1994 — and the detonation of a first nuclear device in 2006 — allow him to present himself as the nation 's defender against aggression .
In 2009 the country 's “ military - first ” policy , making the armed forces the nation 's highest priority , was even enshrined in the constitution .
Fascism is Mr Kim 's last refuge .
Giving up nuclear weapons would spell the end .
So he negotiates with America not to end tensions , but to manage them : neither all - out war nor all - out peace .
What would bring the regime down , then ?
Thanks to the advancing creep of knowledge , North Koreans know that the South is richer by far .
But the propaganda state has found a way around that .
South Koreans may be rich , but they are desperately unhappy because they are under the thumb of the despised Yankees .
Harder to deal with , by far , would be to find out that South Koreans are content in their republic .
* The Cleanest Race : How North Koreans See Themselves — And Why It Matters .
By B.R. Myers .
Melville House ; 200 pages ; $ 24.95
Economist.com/blogs/banyan
UPDATE 4.16 pm : THE father of Gurshan Singh Channa says there was no bad blood between him and his son's accused killer .
Speaking through a translator this afternoon , Harjit Singh Channa said he and his son ’s accused killer were n’t enemies .
“ There were no old frictions in the families , ” Mr Channa said .
The family of Gurshan Singh Channa spoke of their shock today after a housemate was charged in relation to the three - year - old 's death , as police denied reports from India that further arrests had been made .
Media reports in India claimed the wife of a 23 - year - old Gursewak Dhillon had been arrested after the man was charged with manslaughter by criminal negligence over the death .
The Press Trust of India news agency reported that Mr Dhillon 's wife " was likely to be charged with helping her husband in disposing of the body ' ' after she was also placed under arrest .
But Victoria Police said emphatically today this was not the case .
" Definitely not .
The wife has not been arrested or charged , '' a police spokeswoman told AAP .
She added that no further arrests or charges over the three - year - old boy 's death are expected at this time .
Mr Dhillon appeared in an out - of - sessions court hearing last night charged with manslaughter by criminal negligence .
Raman Deep Singh , a cousin of Gurshan 's father Harjit , said they were all shocked Mr Dhillon was charged .
" This is our friend , not a close friend , but we know the person , it is a shock , ( we are ) shocked man , " he said .
Police say Gurshan
Singh died after being driven around suburban Melbourne in the boot of a car , unconscious , before being left where his body was found .
Homicide squad Det Sen - Sgt Ron Iddles said Mr Dhillon put Gurshan in a car unconscious last Thursday , but had believed he was still alive .
Det Sen - Sgt Iddles alleged Mr Dhillon drove for three hours with the child in the boot of the car before stopping at Oaklands Junction , in Melbourne 's northern suburbs , and placing him in grass .
Mr Dhillon is accused of not checking if the child was still alive and returning to the David St , Lalor , house where he lived with the boy , his parents , and several others .
Det Sen - Sgt Iddles said Mr Dhillon , a married part - time taxi driver , still had an immigration matter which was under investigation and had no strong ties to Australia .
" I believe at this stage he is an unacceptable risk ' ' for bail , he said .
In seeking bail , Mr Dhillon , who is on a student visa having moved here two years ago , said he intended to start work this Wednesday as a courier .
Det Sen - Sgt Iddles said that if bailed , Mr Dhillon could not return to David St because " it would be an untenable situation for the accused to be living with witnesses ' ' .
Bail justice Ben Czerniewicz said he was running out of options and remanded Mr Dhillon to appear at Melbourne Magistrates '
Court tomorrow , saying he agreed with police that he was an unacceptable risk .
Gurshan 's parents earlier spoke to detectives and attended a prayer service at a Sikh temple at Craigieburn .
Mr Singh said the family were grateful for the show of support .
" We are very thankful to Indian community , Punjabi community and Australian people , '' he said .
" They all are coming forward to help us . ''
A car suspected of being in the area where Gurshan , 3 , was found near Melbourne Airport emerged as a focus of the investigation .
Police want to talk to anyone who saw a green VR or VT Holden Commodore .
Originally published as 6 .
Accused killer ' not our enemy '
Two people have died and many others have been injured after freak waves hit a cruise ship during stormy weather in the Mediterranean Sea .
The Cypriot - owned Louis Majesty was carrying more than 1,300 passengers when it ran into bad weather off the north eastern coast of Spain .
Luisa Baldini reports .
By Joanne Macaulay
BBC Scotland news website
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ledia
Tewelde sobs as she arrives at the spot where three people apparently jumped from the 15th floor of a block of flats in Glasgow .
She understands how they may have felt , because last year she jumped out of a flat window as the pressure of being an asylum seeker became too much for her .
Ledia is 22 and from Eritrea - the country she fled because of fear of religious persecution .
She has been in Glasgow for four years , but she still does not know whether or not she can stay , and she fears any knock at the door .
" We 're coming to this country for safety but there 's no safety here - I 'm scared all the time . "
Ledia jumped out of the window when she heard a knock at the door one night .
She feared it was perhaps the Home Office coming to deport her , or just someone else with a grudge against asylum seekers .
So she jumped , breaking both legs and fracturing her back .
' Bad situation ' Scotland has not turned out to be the safe haven she had hoped for , but she said she does not want to go back to Eritrea .
" It 's a very bad situation in my country .
" I am protestant and the government would put me in jail , " she said .
For many of the asylum seekers living in the Red Road flats it is the uncertainty which is stressful .
A " freedom " message left at the spot where the three people fell
They do not know whether or not they will have to return to the country they left , and as they await decisions they are unable to work , often living on food vouchers .
A Liberian woman cuddles her two - year - old son as she pauses to look at the candles and signs which have been placed where the three people died .
" I 'm scared they might come to get me , " she said in reference to the Home Office .
Tina has been here for two - and - a - half years , having fled Liberia because her family wanted to perform a circumcision on her .
Her application for asylum has been refused , and she says life is very difficult .
She said : " The Home Office do n't even look at people 's cases any more , they just refuse . "
She dreads having to return to Liberia : " Since I 've disobeyed my parents there 's no home for me .
" The police told me ' your father is right , this is our culture ' . "
Tina is now living on food vouchers , which leaves no money for clothes or other extras .
" I will face what I have to , " she said .
But she added : " If I have to go home I will have my son adopted here . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Error 404 - Page Not Found
We said we 'd never break the chain , but it appears we did break this link .
You can let us know by emailing nsaa [ at ] nsaa [ dot ] org or hit the back button and try again .
The rumors of a possible partnership by John Paulson and Goldman Sachs in the speculative attacks on Greece , which I first reported on last week , are now heating up in Europe to the point where one French journalist has multiple sources corroborating them .
No one can point to hard evidence , just yet , because these are opaque , unregulated markets .
But the news is quickly rising above the status of rumor .
The French financial newspaper Les Echos picked up on my post on John Paulson and Greece yesterday .
Here is my ( rough ) translation :
There are n’t just suspicions that Goldman Sachs is speculating against the Greek debt through the market for credit default swaps ( CDS ) .
After having made $ 3.7 billion dollars by betting on the subprime market , the hedge fund manager John Paulson has been cited as a partner of Goldman Sachs in the Greek market .
According to the activist Kevin Connor , co-director of the think tank the Public Accountability Initiative , based on article in the British and Greek press , Paulson ’s funds have taken large / important positions in the Greek debt market through a team of 20 - 30 traders .
My original post pieced together information from several Greek and British articles which were reporting on Paulson and Greece ; these were largely still rumors , though an article in the Greek newspaper To Vima seemed to report the news with more certainty .
But there is now even more evidence that this is , in fact the case , as pieces like the Les Echos article appear to have given a French financial journalist cover to out Goldman and Paulson as the large American bank and hedge fund that are waging the attacks on Greece ( h/t Naked Capitalism ) .
A source had told the journalist , Jean Quatremer , that Paulson and Goldman were behind the attacks , but told him not to name names .
Now that the rumors are more specific , actually pointing to Paulson and Goldman , he reports that he has multiple corroborating sources .
Here is the translation , from commenter Francois T at Naked Capitalism :
On February 6 , on this blog , I wrote that Greece was victim of speculative attacks on the part of a large Bank of American business and hedge funds betting on a default in payment of Athens .
Until then , we certainly knew that there was speculation , but no one had yet managed to put a name to those who sought to destabilize Greece and the euro area .
At that time , my informant had discouraged me to mention names , which was quite frustrating , for you and me .
However , since then , market rumors have become more precise and their names , openly cited in the media , even if it is with good reason , very carefully .
The Greek Government itself accuses them openly .
I can therefore confirm that , according to concurrent sources , Goldman Sachs and speculative Fund managed by John Paulson would be the two main actors of these attacks against Greece and the euro .
I have already detailed you in my post from February 6 the speculation mechanism .
More shocking , in this case , is without doubt the role played by Goldman Sachs , whom , at the same time it was advising the Greek Government , secretly took contrary positions against Greece and the euro .
This murky behavior is illustrated by the recent case recalled by February 8 Spiegel and the New York Times February 14 ( 1 ) : in 2002 , the Bank of American case helped Greece , against remuneration of 300 million dollars in “ creative accounting ” operation designed to cover up some of its debt ( I will come back to this topic in a future column ) .
There ’s more — read the whole translation here or the original here .
If this is true , it is , indeed , shocking that Goldman Sachs is both advising Greece and taking massive short positions against the country , but as I ’ve noted before , it is no more shocking than what happened with AIG and the subprime game , which also brought the bank together with John Paulson in a fateful , lucrative , and immensely destructive partnership .
Quatremer also makes the allegation that the speculators may have orchestrated a series of leaks , published in the Financial Times , that suggested Greece had hired Goldman for a private placement of debt — a fairly desperate measure — and China refused to buy .
This agitated markets and left the speculators in a much stronger position :
Remember also that on 25 January , Greece had managed to sell 5 years notes for an amount of 8 billion euros whereas they were only aiming for 3 billion : demand , however , reached EUR 25 billion !
Goldman Sachs was part of the consortium that placed the Greek paper .
So far , nothing unusual here .
It is then that a curious fact occurs .
After this spectacular success , everyone thinks that the markets are reassured , since they implicitly express that they believed a Greek default is not in the cards .
And indeed , there is a lull .
However , as soon as Wednesday , another storm hit the markets .
An article in the Financial Times , the only paper read by market , operators has indeed just assert that China refused to buy EUR 25 billion of Greek debt , a ‘ private placement ’ by … Goldman Sachs .
What is it ?
When a Government is concerned that it wo n’t be able to sell its debt directly to investors , it asks a bank ( or consortium of banks ) to do so on its behalf .
It is a sign of panic .
And the fact that Beijing would have declined the offer would be downright alarming .
In short , two reasons to flee from Greece markets .
The Chinese denied the news , but markets still required Athens a higher risk premium .
Those who orchestrated the leaks gained on all fronts : their loan suddenly became more profitable , as well as their CDS , these “ insurance ” instruments supposed to guard against a default of the borrower ( see my post on February 6 )
This sort of media manipulation may seem somewhat conspiratorial , but it is perfectly believable in the world of finance ( also believable , I suppose , that someone is spreading false rumors about Goldman and Paulson ) .
Information drives market conditions , and by releasing information strategically , “ credible ” sources ( such as powerful investors ) can move markets in their preferred direction .
During the subprime days , Goldman played journalists like a fiddle , suggesting that the subprime sector would recover and making moves to buy lenders at the same time that they were privately making extremely bearish bets on the mortgage sector .
These ( apparently highly deceptive ) professions of faith in the mortgage industry may have helped lower the cost of any protection they bought , essentially helping them find suckers to take the other ends of their bets .
I ’ll have more on this soon .
March 26 , 2010
Marlene Martin of the Campaign to End the Death Penalty spends a day with Marvin Reeves - - a victim of Chicago police torturers who was finally exonerated and freed .
" THAT'S ALL I want , " says Marvin Reeves .
He points to a man outside the Hilton in downtown Chicago , cleaning the building 's lights .
" That 's all I need is a job like that .
Keep the lights clean , do my job and keep to myself .
That would be real nice . "
It 's a simple request from a man who deserves to demand a whole lot more from life .
Marvin Reeves was released from prison on July 7 , 2009 , after spending more than 21 years locked up for a crime he did n't commit .
He and his co-defendent Ronnie Kitchen were victims of the notorious gang of police torturers led by former Lt. Jon Burge .
It took more than two decades for the " justice " system to accept that they were innocent all along , and let them go free .
Now , he 's sitting back in the car as we ride through his old neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago -- where he was snatched up at the age of 29 .
He 's now 50 .
Marvin points out the changes in the neighborhood with surprise and disappointment .
He insists that I pull over at 47th and Michigan so we can get out and look at a padlocked building with broken and boarded - up windows .
" This was the Rosenwald apartment complex , " Marvin says .
" This used to be real nice .
In the middle of the building , there was a courtyard , with flowers where you could just sit and hang out . "
Marvin Reeves stands outside the apartment building where Chicago police snatched him in the middle of the night 21 years ago ( Marlene Martin | SW )
As we drive on , he points out spots where a bowling alley once stood , a restaurant , a mechanic shop - - today , the lots are vacant .
" I grew up in the Robert Taylor Homes , " he says .
" All of them are torn down now . "
Seeing the site of the old projects jolts a favorite memory of his , though :
I 'll never forget Reverend Dumont taking us on a weekend camping trip one summer .
I had never done anything like that , and it was like -- wow , this is so cool .
He went out of his way to raise money from the church to take these poor Black kids that did n't get to go anywhere all summer long -- he made sure we went on this weekend camping trip to show us another side of life .
I 'll never forget that -- it made such an impression on me .
As we drive down the side streets of his old neighborhood , he points out something that is new - - speed bumps in the street .
" I bet you all do n't have these in your neighborhood , " he says .
" Know why there are all these speed bumps ?
So when the police are chasing the drug dealers down the street , they can catch them , " and he breaks into a belly laugh .
MARVIN TELLS me to pull into an alley , and we get out of the car .
He points to a boarded - up window of another large brick apartment complex .
" This was where the bedroom was , " he says .
" It was my sister Sonya 's apartment , and I stayed there sometimes .
I worked just around the block at a mechanic 's shop , and I would come here and park my car right here , outside the bedroom window , so I could see the car . "
He goes back in time to the day -- August 26 , 1988 :
It was 4 o'clock in the morning when the cops knocked on the door , and my sister Sonya went to answer it .
She unlocked the door , but before she could open it , they busted the door in and broke her toe .
She started screaming -- that 's what woke me up .
The next thing I knew , there were two cops at my bedroom door , guns drawn and pointing at me , yelling , " Nigger , if you move , I 'll blow your fucking brains out . "
I had no idea what was going on .
Cops had been following me around -- I noticed that , but I did n't think too much of it because I was n't doing anything wrong .
But now I was thinking the worst .
We knew of guys who showed up dead behind some bushes in the neighborhood , and all we knew was that the police had showed up at their house a few days before and taken them outside .
So I was n't sure what was going to happen to me .
They were yelling at my girlfriend to shut up .
She was asking if I could at least put on some clothes .
They said no .
Then they handcuffed my hands behind my back and shackled my feet together and they just lifted me up like that and carried me out of the house just like that -- without any clothes on at all .
They put me in the back of the paddy wagon .
And I was n't free until 21 years later .
I take Marvin 's picture outside this window and ask why he 's holding his hands stretched all the way out .
He yells exuberantly , " Because I 'm a free man , I 'm a free man ! "
A couple guys in the neighborhood see Marvin and I walking around the abandoned complex and holler out to see what we 're doing .
Marvin answers , " It 's cool .
I was just showing this white lady ( Marvin likes to refer to me as " this white lady " ) who 's doing a documentary where I was picked up 21 years ago . "
He gives them a thumbnail sketch of his ordeal and explains the overwhelming police presence .
" There were cops all on top of the building -- on the roof , and up over here on the El tracks .
I guess they wanted to make sure that if I tried to run free , they could be sure to shoot me dead . "
One of the men gets a broad smile across his face and walks toward Marvin .
" Oh wow , hey man , I recognize you , " he says .
" You were just on Channel 2 News , were n't you ?
Yeah , man , I saw you on TV . "
He gives Marvin a hug and handshake , and he says , " Congratulations man .
That 's fantastic you got out . "
The men invite us in to see the work they 're doing on a rehab .
We walk inside for a little tour .
Marvin is easy with them , joking and laughing .
I can see why his sisters constantly say that Marvin is the type of guy everybody liked .
As we walk away , Marvin says , " It feels good when someone recognizes the wrong that happened to you and they feel good for you , that feels good . "
WHEN I talked to Deena , one of Marvin 's five sisters , I asked her if she had any doubt that Marvin committed the crime he was convicted for -- the murder of five people , two women and three of their children .
" No , I never did , " Deena says immediately .
" Do you know why ?
Because in all the years we were growing up and all the time I was with him , I never saw him raise a hand to his kids or to anybody in his family .
So I knew he could n't have done this crime . "
After he was dragged from the apartment , Marvin was beaten by Chicago police under the command of Jon Burge .
So was his co-defendant Ronnie Kitchen .
Burge and the white officers and detectives he commanded are known to have used torture techniques against as many as 200 African American and Latino suspects -- suffocation with a typewriter cover ; electrical shocks to sensitive areas , including their genitals ; Russian roulette ; and savage beatings .
Unlike Marvin , Ronnie signed a false confession to the crime .
" I never held it against him , " Marvin says .
" I was a bigger guy , I could take it -- I weighed over 200 pounds .
Ronnie , he was a little thing , like 150 pounds .
They just beat on him .
I could hear him screaming down the hall . "
Deena adds ,
" It was n't his fault that he signed a confession .
What was he supposed to do ?
It was the cops that were wrong . "
Paula , the sister closest in age to Marvin , remembers how awful it was to have her brother falsely accused in court :
It was n't until the first day of the trial that I realized how bad it was -- when I heard the prosecutors speaking at his trial , and I realized they were really going for my brother , and he might go to prison .
You have to understand -- we were a religious family , so we were praying , and we thought God would do the right thing .
I went to the trial every day , but I did n't go the day they read the verdict , and I 'm glad I did n't .
I got the call from my sisters , and they were all crying .
It was so horrible .
Marvin remembers that the prosecutors tried to find people to smear his character at the trial .
He says :
When I was in jail , waiting to go to trial , people in the neighborhood told me about a couple of white lawyers who were asking around about me -- asking about what type of guy I was .
Those were the prosecutors .
It made me feel so good that when they went around to ask people , no one would say a bad word about me -- not one person .
Even though there was no evidence except the false confession tortured from his co-defendant and the testimony of a jailhouse snitch , it was enough to send Marvin Reeves to a jail cell with a life without the possibility of parole sentence .
" I do n't fault the jury , " Marvin says .
" They heard all the lies presented as truth -- what else do you expect them to do ?
The system is rigged .
The prosecution has all the money to present their case , and what do I have ?
Nothing .
So it 's my word against that of the police officers .
Guess who they 're going to believe ? "
I ask Paula about her thoughts about the criminal justice system , before and after Marvin was picked up .
She says :
Oh , they 're totally different .
Back then , I just totally believed in the justice system .
I thought America was great , a great democracy .
I would see some of these things on TV that happened to people , but I would think there 's a one - in - a - million chance that something like that would happen .
Then it happened to us , and all of what I thought completely changed .
When you go through it and live it , it completely changes what you think of the justice system .
Marvin 's family is big -- five sisters , three brothers , and all very close .
" We did n't really need to make other friends because our family was so big , " Deena explains , " We just all hung out with each other .
When Marvin went to prison we stood by him and made sure he had a visit every week .
I could see how that helped him .
Other guys who did n't have that might give up -- we did n't want him to give up . "
I ask Marvin what it was like the day he found out he was being released .
Marvin says :
I was told I had a phone call , and I was brought from my cell to the sergeant 's office to take it .
It was my lawyer , and he said I got some good news and some bad news for you , what do you want first ?
I told him to go ahead and give me the bad news first , because I 'd had so much bad news with my appeals being denied that I just knew I would need some good news if I was going to hear bad news like that .
So he told me Michael Jackson died .
Then I asked him what the good news was , and he said , " You 're going home tomorrow . "
I just dropped the phone and got tears in my eyes .
I could n't even speak .
I could hear him on the other end of the phone , saying , " Marvin , are you there ?
Are you there ? "
I was just in shock .
To hear those words after so long -- you just do n't know how it feels .
I waited for that day for so long .
JON BURGE was fired in 1993 for his role in the torture of one of the 200 suspects , a man named Andrew Wilson .
Burge was forced into early retirement , but the city of Chicago has been paying his pension ever since .
For more than 10 years , he has enjoyed his senior years living in Florida , periodically fishing on his boat , which he named " The Vigilante . "
On May 6 , Burge will go on trial in Chicago on charges of obstruction of justice and perjury -- for lying under oath that he had no knowledge of torture .
No other officers or detectives have ever faced criminal charges for the torture they committed .
Asked how he feels about Burge going on trail , Marvin says this , " I 'd like to see him go to jail .
This man committed some horrible crimes , and America needs to stand up and do the right thing .
For too long , it 's done the wrong thing .
The judges , the police officers , the state 's attorneys -- they all just sat back and did nothing and let this happen . "
Marvin refers to former Illinois Gov. George Ryan , who declared a moratorium on the death penalty in 2000 -- and then , just before leaving office in 2003 , freed four of Burge 's victims from death row and commuted the sentence of every other death row prisoner .
" You know what Governor George Ryan said -- the system is not only broken , but irreparable .
What they need to do is to send this man to jail to let the other cops know this stuff is n't going to be tolerated -- that there are going to be consequences . "
Marvin also talks about the climate of racism that could produce someone like Burge - - who was raised in the all - white neighborhood of Bridgeport , where current Chicago Mayor Richard Daley also came from .
As Marvin says :
Do you know where he came from ?
He grew up in Bridgeport .
That 's Klan country .
He grew up fearing and hating Black people .
He looked down on us like he was better .
That 's how it is in Bridgeport .
That 's the whole mentality there -- that the white race is better and that Black people are less than human .
Paula nods in agreement .
" It was scary to go near there , " she said .
" Even in broad daylight , you knew not to go there .
That 's where Burge lived .
And then he went to Vietnam , too , and that 's where he learned all the ways of torturing people . "
Exonerated prisoners , family members of those in prison , and criminal justice activists are organizing a demonstration at Federal Plaza in downtown Chicago on May 6 -- to call out the torturers and demand justice for the remaining two dozen victims of police torture who are still incarcerated in various Illinois prisons .
Marvin will be a speaker at the protest .
Paula points out the importance of the protests over many years that helped free Marvin and Ronnie .
" What you all did -- getting out there and making the noise and speaking out -- that made all the difference , " she says .
" They could n't keep hiding .
I think if you all did n't get out there and do that , some of those guys would be dead - - do n't you think ?
My brother might still be locked up . "
Marvin chimes in .
" Yeah , " he says , " if it was n't for what you all did -- the activists and the folks at Northwestern Law School and the People 's Law Office and my lawyers at Mayer Brown Rowe and Maw - - if it was n't for you all , we would still be in prison .
I 've got no doubt about that at all . "
[…]
thisismytruth girl explains why Gender Studies academia is not for her .
As a transsexual woman I feel strongly that Gender Studies academics objectify transsexual people like lab rats .
A year or two ago I considered doing Gender Studies at the local Uni department .
As I got more into preparation I was concerned that there was a complete lack of interest in the physical and neurological side of it ; VS Ramachandran for instance has investigated neurological mapping , the phenomenon of phantom penis in ftm trans guys and the converse of this in mtf women .
Another example of the importance of physical and neurological aspects of gender identity is the tragic David Reimer case .
David was accidentally mutilated as a baby being circumcised in the sixties and surgically and socially reassigned as a girl on the advice of John Money , a so - called ‘ expert ’ in the field .
For a long time the follow up research claimed that he was adapting well to being raised as a girl , this had a big influence on me as a young trans undergraduate in the ’70s and contributed to persuading me that I could condition myself to accept my body .
The truth is different .
As a teenager David Reimer rebelled against his assignment as a girl , his mother was unhappy with the way things were going and told David what had happened .
David retransitioned to being a boy , took male hormones and eventually had some reconstructive surgeries .
He actually had an identical twin who was uninjured and grew up naturally .
Tragically they both committed suicide some years ago .
The moral of this story has to be that we are born with some sense of bodily identity .
The GS department seem completely uninterested in lynchpin cases such as this .
The turning point for me was having a conversation with one of their students who attempted to deconstruct me to my face , asserting that I must have acquired my gender identity by identifying with my mother as a role model , imagining that ‘ role ’ was more important than my body .
This kind of condescending attitude is totally unacceptable .
So not long after , I decided that GS was not for me because I did n’t want to go to a department where I would be some kind of specimen to be deconstructed , and become part of some zeitgeist which completely ignored and denied my own sense of bodily identity as who I am , as well as the medical and scientific evidence which supports that .
Anyone who has taken hormones will know that they affect the way that you feel , and so to a degree male and female bodies have certain characteristics , feelings etc .
However , of course this is greatly modified by social example .
I am with those who really want to get away from social ‘ role ’ models of gender as there is so much potential for variation .
For me it is about morphology .
One interesting thing I have observed about people in the GS department is that most ( not all ) are actually quite conventional in appearance and gender expression , totally cis one might say .
This adds to my feeling that they have something of a lab rat attitude towards us .
They seem to be totally committed to an absolute deconstruction of gender for us , based on Butler , while themselves conforming .
In Julia Serrano ’s book she says there are no ‘ essential differences between women and men’ .
If so , why would transsexuals feel such dysphoria and such a strong drive to change our bodies ?
We have to acknowledge the biological need for a two sex system for reproduction however ‘ politically unacceptable ’ some people might find that .
More recently as my views have become known , I have noticed that the lecturers are touchy about me , do n’t like me to ask questions at public events and even students act like I am ignorant on the subject of gender , when I had transitioned while most of them were still children .
In my view they seem to be acting in such a way that indicates they feel threatened by the fact that I have so much life experience and they only have theory .
It is twenty five years since I transitioned and I have come to realise my empowerment about this .
I do n’t need academics to interpret me for myself , they should listen to my experience rather than ignore and condescend .
Before a recent Glenn Beck event , frat boys at the University of Central Florida set up fake " event parking " signs in their own tow - away lot .
After the Beck - a - thon began , somebody removed the signs and called the local towing company .
The end result was 53 very angry Beck fans .
Radovan Karadzic Ends Boycott on His Genocide and War Crimes Trial
Wearing a dark suit and tie , the wartime political leader of Bosnia 's Serbs today ended a previous boycott of his genocide and war crimes trial to open his own defence .
Radovan Karadzic Ends Boycott on His Genocide and War Crimes Trial
” I stand before you not to defend the mere mortal that I am but to defend the greatness of a small nation in Bosnia and Herzegovina which for 500 years has had to suffer and has demonstrated of modesty and perseverance to survive in freedom , ” he told the court in his opening statement , Telegraph reports .
According to Press TV , Karadzic , who faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity , insisted that he was innocent and that the Serbs were only acting in self - defense against the " Islamist goals " of Muslims .
He accused Bosnian Muslims of waging the war with American support , to create an " Islamic state . "
" I will defend that nation of ours and their cause that is just and holy , " Karadzic said at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) in The Hague on Monday .
He claimed to have " good evidence and proof . "
Karadzic 's charges include the massacre of more than 7,000 Muslims at the UN - protected enclave of Srebrenica in July 1995 .
According to Euronews , small but dedicated group of protestors were outside the court in The Hague as proceedings got back under way .
They want to avoid the long delays seen in past cases .
Munira Subasic , president of the Mothers of Srebrenica movement said :
" We expect from the court that the trial will be as short as possible , that the Milosevic episode wo n’t be repeated , and that the people of Bosnia Herzegovina can move on with their lives . "
When I think about who might be the most devoted and influential Changian I ’ve met — the closest equivalent to what the food Web site chowhound.com used to call its Alpha Dog — the person who usually comes to mind is John Binkley , a retired Washington economist who now lives in Franklin , North Carolina .
I hasten to say that , as far as I know , Binkley has never used the word “ Changian ” to describe himself , although I suspect that he would prefer it to “ groupie , ” which he has occasionally been called , or “ obsessive , ” which he has acknowledged being , or “ somewhat like the people who used to follow the Grateful Dead , ” which is how he was once described on DonRockwell.com , a Washington food Web site visited regularly by Binkley and those similarly afflicted .
Binkley is a follower of a mysteriously peripatetic Chinese chef named Peter Chang — follower not only in the sense of being a devotee but also in the sense of having literally followed Chang from restaurant to restaurant , as soon as it became clear where , in the Southeastern quadrant of the United States , that restaurant happened to be .
Among contributors to food blogs and forums , it is common to dream of wandering into some dreary - looking chow - mein joint called Bamboo Gardens or Golden Dragon , ordering a couple of items you had n’t expected to see on the menu , and discovering that the kitchen harbors a chef of spectacular ability .
In 2005 , Binkley and some other serious eaters began patronizing a modestly priced strip - mall restaurant in Fairfax , Virginia , called China Star , which , in addition to providing the usual Americanized Chinese staples , seemed capable of producing some remarkable Szechuanese cuisine .
They eventually learned that China Star ’s chef was Peter Chang , who had won national cooking competitions in China and had served as chef at the Chinese Embassy .
It occurred to some of them that they had found the chef of their dreams .
The only problem was that , like a lot of the people who inhabit dreams , he had a tendency to disappear .
Binkley is hardly the only candidate for Alpha Dog of the Changian movement .
Writing in the Washington City Paper later that year , Todd Kliman raved about the food being produced by Chang , who by then had left China Star and had been found again in an Alexandria restaurant whose name , TemptAsian , made it sound like a Japanese phone - sex operation .
In May of 2006 , after Kliman had switched to Washingtonian , he wrote a rapturous review of Chang ’s food at yet another place of business — Szechuan Boy , in Fairfax .
Kliman reported that at Szechuan Boy Chang was better than ever at some of his signature dishes — Roast Fish with Green Onions , for instance , which was described as “ really , a heaping plate of expertly fried fish , dusted with cumin , topped off with chopped ginger , fried parsley and diced chilies and served in a thatched bamboo pouch . ”
Kliman , who has eaten in every one of Chang ’s restaurants , remains devoted to the master ( “ I think I ’d rather eat his food than anyone ’s ” ) , but you could argue that , as a professional restaurant critic , he has just been doing his duty , however much he may have enjoyed it .
Kliman believes that the Chang frenzy has been driven by the Internet rather than by reviews — by people who savor the thrill of deconstructing complicated dishes and correcting each other on arcane points of culinary authenticity or grammar .
It has never been unusual , of course , for a restless chef of prodigious talent to be pursued by loyal fans .
Years ago , in my own home town of Kansas City , the fried - chicken fancy passed around information on the whereabouts of a gifted pan -fryer known as Chicken Betty Lucas the way they might selectively disclose a particularly valuable stock tip .
( Toward the end of Chicken Betty ’s wanderings — she was then cooking at the coffee shop of the Metro Auto Auction , in Lee ’s Summit — I asked her why she had moved around so much , and she said , “ Life ’s too short to work where you ’re unhappy . ” )
But the Internet has made such pursuits more efficient and more intense , and more , well , obsessive .
James Glucksman , another important figure in the Changian movement , has been a steady user of the Internet , sometimes under the nom de blog Pandahugga .
Having mastered Mandarin after switching from Russian Studies to Chinese Studies at Columbia ( partly , he says , because of the food ) , Glucksman may have been the first Changian to speak directly to Chang in a language the chef understood .
An early patron of China Star , Glucksman helped Chang translate the menu for TemptAsian .
His linguistic skills and his experience with Chinese food are said to have been central to the efforts of a band of Changians who , during the summer of 2005 , met at TemptAsian weekly in an effort to eat their way through the menu .
But then Glucksman took a job in Beijing , and for several years now he has had to make do with the cooking of Chinese chefs in China .
It was John Binkley who , through posts on food forums , gathered the troops for the attempt to consume everything TemptAsian offered .
They failed to reach their goal in a way that I suspect most of them found satisfying : according to one of those present , Ken Flower , who works with computers for the federal government between meals , progress was slow because “ there were too many dishes we could n’t bear not to repeat . ”
I heard about Peter Chang from another participant in the weekly assault on the TemptAsian menu — Stephen Banker , a Washington journalist I ’d met during the time he was doing interviews for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .
As I recall , Stephen e-mailed me during one of the periods when Chang ’s followers had completely lost his trail .
Szechuan Boy had turned out to be his briefest stop .
Apparently , many readers of Kliman ’s review rushed right over — although some of them must have turned back in confusion , since the sign above the entrance of Szechuan Boy still identified it as the restaurant it had replaced , China Gourmet .
Soon , reports began filtering in about huge crowds but so - so food .
“ The guy who bought that restaurant bought it on the premise that he was going to get Chef Chang to come with him and make it a real destination Chinese restaurant , ” James Glucksman later told me .
“ And that worked out fine for about two months .
But then it got discovered , and they could not cope with the number of people who were coming . ”
Before the Szechuan Boy sign arrived , Chang was gone .
No one knew where he was .
One rumor on the Internet had it that he was still somewhere nearby .
According to other rumors , he may have gone to Georgia or maybe Ohio .
It took John Binkley nearly six months to find him .
In September of 2006 , Binkley , who had recently moved from Washington to Franklin , was browsing the Southern boards of Chowhound when his eye fell on a post by Steve Drucker , an enthusiastic eater in Atlanta .
Drucker mentioned hearing from the proprietor of a local Chinese restaurant that a prize - winning chef had come to the area .
What ’s this !
Binkley thought .
Franklin , which is at the western end of North Carolina , is only about two and a half hours from Atlanta , and Binkley has made the trip regularly , often to buy Asian ingredients for cooking at home .
He arranged to meet Drucker at the restaurant Drucker had sniffed out from the tip — Tasty China , in Marietta , a nearby county seat that has been swallowed into metropolitan Atlanta .
When Binkley entered Tasty China , he glanced over at the wall for the display he had seen at other Chang restaurants — two framed cooking - competition certificates , draped with accompanying medals , and photographs of Chang with the dignitaries he has cooked for .
There they were .
A few minutes later , Peter Chang and John Binkley were hugging and slapping each other on the back .
That day , refraining from any “ Chef Chang , I presume ” theatrics , Binkley wrote on DonRockwell.com , “ I had lunch in his new place today , in the company of a knowledgeable Atlanta chow - head .
We had a few of the old standby ’s and one off - the - menu item he did up special : crispy eggplant cut like French fries and salt - fried with scallion greens , a hint of cumin , and hot pepper .
To die for ! ”
Binkley ’s good fortune did not last long .
In the spring of 2007 , posts from people who suspected that Chang was no longer in the kitchen of Tasty China began showing up on chowhound.com .
Finally , in an April post , Binkley wrote , “ I ate most recently at TC several weeks ago , and also noticed the food seemed to have changed , and not for the better .
I also got the runaround about whether he was in the kitchen .
. . .
If in fact the photos are now gone , as reported above , I would say that it ’s pretty certain he is gone , too . ”
But where ?
There were rumors about a restaurant called Hong Kong House in Richmond — or maybe that restaurant was in Virginia Beach or maybe Nashville .
There were rumors that Chang might return to the suburbs of Washington , where Tim Carman , Todd Kliman ’s successor at the Washington City Paper , was complaining about how the chef ’s elevation to cult figure had put a damper on the local Chinese - restaurant scene .
( “ I have a feeling Chang will haunt Szechwan chefs in this town for a long time — or , more precisely , haunt those who have sampled Chang ’s cooking and will forever find other chefs wanting . ” )
Local dining forums were searched .
Restaurants were checked out .
( “ I called Hong Kong House in Virginia Beach , ” Stephen Banker said in a post .
“ No dice .
Their chef has n’t changed in 12 years .
The hunt goes on . ” )
A little over a year later , in June of 2008 , it was reported on the Internet that Chang had been found — at Hong Kong House , all right , but in Knoxville , Tennessee .
“ Well , just look at you — that ’s why I ’m king . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
That was good news for Binkley : by one route , he can practically drive through Knoxville on visits to his mother , who , in her nineties , still lives in Binkley ’s home town of Jasper , Indiana .
On the way back from those visits , he began stopping regularly at Hong Kong House .
He ’d have a meal , and then Chang and his wife — who handles the appetizers wherever her husband cooks — would pack up some food in a five - gallon soy - sauce bucket for him to take back to North Carolina .
Binkley was told that Chang had completed one year of a five - year contract at Hong Kong House , so it appeared that the Franklin - Jasper - Knoxville - Franklin routine might last for a while .
That was not to be .
Last fall , between visits to his mother , Binkley was surprised to get a phone call from Mrs. Chang , who had saved a business card he ’d given her .
Mrs. Chang speaks better English than her husband .
She was calling from Charlottesville , Virginia .
Among Changians , there has never been any shortage of theories about why their hero does n’t settle down .
The most romantic one is that Peter Chang ca n’t deal with success .
Ken Flower , for one , likes that idea , although he acknowledges that it ’s pure conjecture .
“ It seems like when the place gets built up and his reputation grows and people start coming from everywhere , he leaves , ” Flower has said .
People who favor that theory will point out that , as an example , Chang left Szechuan Boy only two or three weeks after Kliman ’s glowing review in Washingtonian .
But , other Changians argue , is n’t it more likely that what he can’t deal with is not success but the flood of ignorant review - trotters that success brings — people who , radiating delight at being in the new place to be , demand a reduction of spice in a dish that ’s designed to be spicy or order only the sort of Americanized Chinese dishes that apparently drive Chef Chang to distraction ?
So could it be that the necessity of cooking inauthentic food is what drives Chef Chang away ?
But why would someone who dreads cooking anything but authentic Szechuan cuisine move to Knoxville ?
Is n’t it more likely , some Changians have argued , that he ’s fleeing something ?
What if he ’s in trouble with the Chinese mob — some ruthless tong that has ensnared him in who knows what sort of nefarious activity ?
What if he has immigration problems ?
During one of the periods when no one could find Chang , a post on DonRockwell.com said , “ The hunt for Peter Chang continues .
It ’s just a question of whether we find him before la migra ( immigration ) does .
If we do , we ’ll adopt him , marry him , convert him , whatever it takes . ”
But there is evidence that the flight scenarios are fanciful : if Chang were running , would n’t he hide ?
As soon as he gets to a new restaurant , after all , he puts his prize certificates and photographs on the wall of the dining room .
He coöperates with press coverage , complete with pictures .
The reason for his moves , some say , must be more mundane .
He may become unhappy with his working conditions — that was the case at TemptAsian , according to Kliman ’s Szechuan Boy review — or he may move in order to accommodate the educational needs of his daughter , who was said to be finishing high school or attending George Mason University when the Changs were in the Washington suburbs .
Ken Flower ’s wife , Yoon - Hee Choi , counts herself a member of that practical school of thought .
She speculates that Chang may be lured to each new restaurant by , say , the promise of a larger ownership share or a more favorable market potential .
I was made aware of her opinion , and her husband ’s , while driving with them in their car on a sunny Saturday not long ago .
We were on our way from Washington to Charlottesville , Virginia .
We were part of an expeditionary team gathered to try out Chang ’s new place of business , a restaurant on the northern edge of Charlottesville called Taste of China .
Stephen Banker was also in the car ; he had done the gathering .
Joe Yung , whose brother is one of the proprietors of Taste of China , had arranged to drive from Fredericksburg , where he runs a more conventional Chinese restaurant , in order to act as an interpreter .
John Binkley had agreed to come up from North Carolina .
That would entail a drive of about seven and a half hours — not much of a journey , presumably , for an obsessed groupie Deadhead Changian like Binkley .
Our trip was only about two hours , and we arrived early .
Ken Flower , who had grown up in Charlottesville , took us for a quick tour of the University of Virginia ’s Jeffersonian grounds , and then drove back north , past a series of shopping malls that were definitely not laid out by Thomas Jefferson .
In one of them , a fairly prosperous - looking collection of stores called Albemarle Square , we pulled up in front of Taste of China .
It was between an H&R Block office and a place called Li’l Dino Subs .
In addition to the English words , the sign had some Chinese characters .
Joe Yung later told us what they meant : Szechuan Boy .
The wall we saw as we entered was properly adorned .
The framed certificates were there , draped with medals .
There were color photographs of Chef Chang ’s signature dishes — the dishes favored by customers who had n’t simply wandered in on an evening when they might just as easily have gone across the parking lot to the Outback Steakhouse .
Otherwise , Taste of China looked the way a suburban restaurant of that name might be expected to look — a large room , painted a sort of salmon color , with another wall decorated with the huge glass landscape photos of China that are popular in such establishments .
John Binkley ’s arrival ( the occasion for hugs and backslaps with Chef Chang ) meant that we were seven for lunch , if you count Joe Yung ’s American - born teen - age daughter , who politely declined the spicy food she was offered and smiled graciously at remarks about how she undoubtedly preferred pizza .
Yung read out a list of the dishes he ’d asked the Changs to prepare , and I noticed the Changians at the table nodding along , like people at a high - school reunion listening to the best storyteller in the class relate anecdotes of the good old days .
We started with some of Mrs. Chang ’s appetizers — Hot and Spicy Beef Rolls , which looked like burritos , and Tu Chia Style Roast Pork Meat Bread , and Scallion Bubble Pancakes , which resembled gigantic popovers , and Fish with Cilantro Rolls .
There was silence at the table for a while , and then John Binkley said , “ I think she ’s outdone herself today .
Or she ’s improved the craft . ” I had to agree .
Of course , I had never before tasted Mrs. Chang ’s appetizers , but , whatever they ’d been like , these were definitely better .
There was equal concentration when the main courses arrived .
What passes for small talk among the food - obsessed — mention of what is supposed to be an astonishing Thai restaurant in the unlikely environs of nearby Nelson County , for instance , and a short exegesis by Binkley on the origins of General Tso ’s Chicken — had faded as those at the table focussed on what had been set before us .
Although Changians often talk about Chef Chang ’s use of ma la — the combined sensations of spiciness and numbness — the dishes were not uncomfortably hot .
When I tasted the Roast Fish with Green Onions , the dish Todd Kliman had singled out in his review of Szechuan Boy , I could imagine that the Charlottesville version might have caused him to flirt with the idea of stopping by the University of Virginia to see if they ’d ever considered having an eater in residence on the faculty .
I was equally taken with the eggplant , which was prepared with a similar combination of spices ; I could only nod ( my mouth was full ) when Binkley referred to Chef Chang as “ the master of cumin . ”
I joined in the applause when the maestro , a slight man with a big smile , came out of the kitchen .
A couple of the Changians began snapping pictures , and Chang insisted on going back into the kitchen for his chef ’s toque before he sat down for a chat .
Why I am no longer a Democrat
When I started this blog , I wrote that I was a Democrat .
That ’s because I had been one all my life , having both served in a Democratic administration , worked for a Democratic member of Congress and identified more closely with Democrats on the vast majority of issues over the years .
But in doing this blog now for over a year , it has caused me to scrutinize the political process in Washington in a way that I have not before even though I have lived and worked here for almost two decades .
The result is that I no longer feel comfortable identifying myself with a political party .
That ’s not to say I suddenly feel greater sympathy for the Republican Party .
Quite the contrary .
They have never been more out - of - touch , insensitive , or odious to me … and that ’s saying something given that I have lived through the incompetence of the George W. Bush years , the vapidity and excess of the Reagan years and the corruption of the Nixon Administration .
I just feel that both political parties in this country are intellectually bankrupt and , fortunately , increasingly irrelevant to the politics of the Internet era .
Old styles of organization and management of interest groups — of which political parties are a vestigial artifact — will , I believe and hope , be gradually superceded by new mechanisms to identify affinities , promote dialogue and mobilize action that are less rigid and adapt more rapidly to circumstances .
Some pundits , citing the record levels of disgust and distrust that dominate the views of the American people toward their political system , have started to write that now is the time for a third party .
While I would welcome such a development , my sense is that given the way federal and local election laws are currently written and election commissioners typically rule , the deck is stacked against such possibilities .
This is something that urgently needs to be fixed .
That said , I would n’t rule out a new against - the - odds push in this direction even before needed changes are made given the justifiable levels of contempt for the masters and misdeeds of the current American political duopoly .
How much better off would the country be with a three - way Obama / Biden vs. Romney / Pawlenty vs. Petraeus / Bloomberg election than we might be with just painfully predictable two way race the political parties are counting on ?
( You can insert your own third party candidates in there .
I ’m not sure Petraeus or Bloomberg would be ideal or even willing to do it … but I raise them as the type of candidates who could develop a national constituency and even have a shot at being a factor in the election . )
But frankly , before we get to reform of the political system from within Washington ( hugely unlikely ) or among the political elites that make campaigns happen ( more likely but still not a good bet for producing an electoral win ) , how about the kind of reform that can happen instantaneously ?
What if disaffected Americans said , " Wait a minute , this system is broken , you guys broke it , I do n’t owe you an ounce of loyalty .
Quite the contrary .
You lost my loyalty when you sold out to special interests or when you placed a premium on your own reelection rather than serving the electorate .
Now you have to win it back .
Until then , I ’m an Independent .
I ’m going to remake the system from the grassroots up . "
Do n’t vote the party line .
Do n’t buy the party line .
Demand new ideas and vote for results not slogans .
I ’ll admit , it sounds too logical to ever happen .
But we ’ve reached such a crescendo of dysfunctionality abetted by each and every leader of both parties , that something ’s got to give and this is a place each of us could start right now .
( And honestly , if you hate the way the system is currently running , does n’t that obligate you to try to change at least your little corner of it ? )
This approach does n’t require a move by anyone in a Washington .
And it might remind them that the real position of power in the American system lies not with politicians but with their bosses , us .
( You might want to note that point , Mr. President .
Your frequent references in public fora and private meetings to your status as president and the prerogatives to which it entitles you do n’t do you a bit of good .
It might be better to remember that in our system , the president is not above the people but rather works for them . )
Further , I am under no illusion that simply having Americans take a step back from the broken political system will produce instant results in Washington .
Not only is the system too carefully designed to protect the interests of insiders ( political parties , big donors , congresspeople who neglect to pay their taxes or follow election laws ) , but the system is presented through an extraordinarily distorted lens .
By that of course , I refer to the media .
Now , I know it is all too cheap and easy to blame the media and much of the opprobrium that politicians heap on them is nothing more than desperate deflection .
But there are real problems in the way the media covers American politics that are exacerbating our systemic defects .
For example , there is an advertisement for the new MSNBC show starring the really first - rate team of Chuck Todd and Savannah Guthrie in which Todd says that he loves political campaigns and wishes that every day he were covering one .
Whoever made the advertisement — and I do n’t blame Todd — clearly does n’t recognize that as much as his enthusiasm for the beat is a plus , the reality is that the commercial demonstrates in a nutshell precisely what is most wrong with American political coverage .
It ’s all about the game of politics and not at all about the business of governing .
In fact , over the years , political coverage has moved down the spectrum away from the admittedly idealized yet nonetheless objective , thoughtful analysis of say , The CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite and headed rapidly and dramatically in the direction of say , ESPN ’s Sports Center .
( And you ’d be forgiven for thinking that ’s doing a disservice to Sports Center and that the real direction they are headed is much more like , say , the constant fighting , cheap histrionics and intellectual bottom - feeding of say , Fox ’s " Temptation Island " or " The Jerry Springer Show . " )
It ’s all about the score , all about winners and losers , all about the contest … and not at all about the reason we ’re supposedly playing the " game " in the first place .
Just as over - focusing on having elections has distorted our democracy promotion efforts around the world , so too has an over - focus on elections diverted our attention from the issues of the culture of democracy and the objectives of governance here at home .
Evan Bayh hit the nail on the head when , in announcing he would not seek another term in the Senate , he wrote that the system had been debased since his father ’s day when a Senator might spend two - thirds or more of his term able to focus on the business the people sent him to Washington for and only a year or two a term dealing with the distraction of campaigning .
The media ’s obsession with daily polls and who ’s in and who ’s out and the cage match aspects of politics , has also unsurprisingly made it impossible ( in a time of shrinking news department resources ) to cover what should be covered .
When was the last time you saw an in - depth thoughtful analysis of what ’s going on in the Office of Management and Budget or how funds were actually being spent or where the waste is in defense appropriations or what was actually working for students in schools ?
How about , say , a follow - up on how U.S. aid efforts were working in Haiti or the Middle East ?
Want a good example of the importance of the mundane stories ?
Chile just suffered an earthquake 500 times more fierce than that felt in Haiti .
But the devastation in Chile , however epic in scale , has cost a fraction of a fraction as many lives because Chile put into place some fairly basic building codes .
Who talks about building codes on the nightly news ?
No one .
How could they possibly hold up in comparison to the political dogfighting that makes it look like Michael Vick is the Commissioner of American Politics ?
The system is broken .
And since I ca n’t rely on the people in power to fix it , all I can do individually is to try to reclaim my little piece of that power structure .
I can say : " I wo n’t be defined by old labels .
You do n’t have a call on my vote .
Come and get it .
Come and win it .
And while you ’re at it , please note that real alternatives will be welcomed sooner rather than later . "
Let ’s take a look at who the Tea Party members are .
It is true they are overwhelmingly white , but they are also overwhelmingly male , and have attended college .
They also tend to be from more rural parts of the nation and skew older .
Basically , you can describe them as the conservative wing of the Baby Boomers .
All this leads me to wonder , is the Tea Party Movement a Future Shock reaction ?
For those who do n’t know , Future Shock is the idea of Alvin Toffler .
He came up with this idea in 1970 , and it states that as the pace of change accelerates folks become unable to absorb more change and become " future shocked " .
Toffler predicts that people who become future shocked will act out in bizarre ways ; they will be unable to assimilate new information and will , in general , try to retreat from the massive pace of change .
This sounds surprisingly like the actions of the Tea Party members , does n’t it ?
For the conservative Baby Boomers this pace of change , a black president , a seeming repudiation of the Republican Party ’s war and economic policies , coupled with the economic melt - down and the continuing deterioration of the assumption that white men will run this nation is too much for folks who grew up in a time when change ran slower .
This is where the idea that " their " nation has been taken away from them originates .
Because of the nearly all white nature of their movement it is easy to interpret this as a racist overtone ( and there is some of that ) but seems more likely the root cause is some reaction to change .
One of the things that are taught in change management courses is that people will grieve over change .
Someone who has done a process for as little as three years will actually go through the stages of grief ( to some extent or another ) when that process is changed .
The stages of grief are Anger , Denial , Bargaining , Depression and Acceptance .
They do n’t always express themselves linearly in that order and they can cycle back and forth between the stages depending on the outside inputs to the grieving process .
There can be no doubt that the election of President Obama signaled a change that many did not believe would or could come in their lifetimes .
For those of a progressive point of view it was a great moment , when we redeemed the idea of equality of opportunity and the start of a new era in our nation ( things did not change as much as progressives would like , it is true , but a African American president is a huge change in and of itself ) .
For those of a more conservative view this was an even bigger change , what they thought they knew about their nation was shown to be flawed and flawed in a fundamental way .
This surely put them into a grieving process .
We see the anger and the denial in the actions and signs of the Tea Party members .
They talk as though their view is the real one ( denial ) , they claim that they have been disenfranchised ( anger ) and they want to take their nation back .
This is the flip side of the future shock , the realization that change has happened and they do not like it since they did not prepare themselves for it .
Looking at the Tea Party from this point of view it all seems to fall together .
Future shocked Baby Boomers find themselves in the midst of the grieving process on change they do not like and Freedom Works and Fox News keep them locked in a loop of anger and denial , never letting them move to bargaining , depression and acceptance .
The need to react to the pace of change fueled by the short circuited grieving process gets them into action , but it is not effective action , it is unfocused and ultimately self - defeating .
This is why we see the weird dichotomy of wanting to preserve Medicare , but insistence on no government run health plans .
This socialism meme is a clear retreat to their childhoods where Communism and Socialism were the boogey men .
They know they are unhappy and they do n’t understand , so it must be something from the past !
Long term it will be interesting to see if they move into the rest of the grieving process .
It is hard to stay angry and in denial all the time .
It takes a lot of effort , which is part of the reason that people do progress through the rest of grieving .
If the Democratic Party is not decimated this cycle ( and it does not seem like they will be , sure there will be losses , but they are not going to lose the Senate and probably wo n’t lose the House ) what will that do to their future shock ?
Will they start to bargain with themselves , find a way to accept , even if it is depressing for a while ?
Or will the media forces that want to keep them in a perpetual state of fear and anger be able to stoke the fires for another two years in the hopes of electoral success in 2012 ?
To me it could go either way .
Anger can be addictive ; the hot rush of disdain and even hate for your opponents is , for some , as good as any narcotic .
If this is the path the Tea Party takes then expect the level of outright racist rhetoric to grow .
Hate feeds on hate and while many of the Tea Party are not likely to be active racists today , the longer they are exposed to that meme and the more their anger grows the more likely they are to embrace its false tenets .
If we look at the Tea Party as a group of future shocked aging Baby Boomers it might allow us to see past the insane rhetoric and see the frightened and angry fellow citizens inside .
It can only help us to reach them if we do n’t make them into villains , but see them as they are .
This is not to say that we should be accepting of the acting out they are doing , but that we should not give up on the concept that they might change over time .
If we merely write them off as unreachable we abandon them to the forces that would use their anger for monetary gain .
The floor is yours .
This time around , if gasoline prices surge again , the speculator could pay the price , at least in Washington .
When a barrel of oil can shoot to $ 147 in the summer of 2008 , then plunge to the mid-$ 30s less than a year later , anything 's possible .
If the recent past is any guide , it wo n't be long before prices at the pump go wild .
A busy summer driving season is just around the corner .
Stimulus spending has weakened the dollar , which pushes oil higher .
And the global economy continues to mend , boosting demand for the precious juice .
Gasoline prices nationwide topped $ 2.80 a gallon on average last week , and some of the reasons were obvious .
Federal regulators have proposed new rules to limit the role of financial speculation in the futures markets that establish petroleum prices .
Over - the - counter energy markets also are being targeted for an overhaul that could restrict the participation of big banks .
Neither measure is a sure thing .
The five - member Commodity Futures Trading Commission is said to be divided over its plan for new limits on trading positions .
The financial reform bill pushed by Democratic Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut , chairman of the Banking Committee , wo n't be unanimous either .
Still , changes probably are coming , all the more so if the oil market takes off on another fast ride , predicts Craig Pirrong , finance professor at the University of Houston .
" In some respects , the prospects are hostage to oil prices , " he said .
Typically , springtime is a rough time at the gas pump .
During nine of the past 10 years , prices have shot up an average of 13 percent in March and April as refiners switched to summer fuel blends and motorists logged more miles , according to AAA .
Oil closed Friday at almost $ 81 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , up sharply over the past year , though nowhere near the 2008 peak .
Back then , Goldman Sachs Group Inc. shocked the market with a forecast for $ 200 oil .
That did n't materialize , but some of the long - term factors underlying the prediction have n't changed :
Rich new sources remain off - limits to drilling , exploration costs have stayed high , and existing fields wo n't last forever .
Those fundamentals point to higher prices , eventually .
Some believe the oil rally of 2010 has run its course already .
Given a stronger dollar in the future and excess refining capacity , gas prices probably will peak for the year around Memorial Day , said Phil Flynn of Chicago 's PFG Best Research .
" There 's plenty of oil out there , " he said .
But what if speculators have other ideas ?
Will they manipulate the market ?
" They 're innocent , " Flynn said .
" Totally innocent . "
Among market pros like Flynn , it 's a common sentiment .
From the CME Group Inc. to the swap dealers on Wall Street , financiers often ridicule the idea that excess speculation " causes " price swings .
At least one scholar recently declared that no evidence connects speculators with higher volatility .
The opposite may be true : Just look at the mild reaction in the heating - oil market over the past few months , despite frigid winter weather .
Main Street , for the most part , disagrees , as reflected in comment letters to the CFTC applauding the proposed changes .
Some academics , too , see evidence of excess .
Research shows that so - called noncommercial traders such as banks and hedge funds betting on oil account for half the market , up from 20 percent less than a decade ago .
Over the same period , price swings expanded dramatically .
At Navistar International Corp. , where higher fuel costs can play havoc with orders for the company 's big trucks , speculative - position limits sound like a good idea , said Chief Executive Dan Ustian .
" The speculation can cause significant increases , " Ustian said .
" It creates more problems than it helps . "
Last week saw a rumour spreading regarding the casting of the lead in Sony ’s Spider - Man reboot .
Apparently OK , along with a couple of tabloids picked up on a story that High School Musical ’s Zach Efron was signing to play Peter Parker for m.
I do n’t want to go too much into this specific story , Ben Mortimer ’s article earlier last week ( here ) was spot on .
Why would a young actor seemingly going out of his way to claw back credibility agree to what amounts to High School Spider - Man ?
What the story did achieve was to set me thinking about this kind of casting rumour , and the causes and effects such rumours have .
So who starts these rumours ?
They can come from several different sources .
In the case of the Efron story , it ’s most likely made up by the writer , using tenuous information mixed together with pure speculation .
By naming a star with a high profile amongst the readers of gossip magazines , and linking him with a popular blockbuster movie series , a tabloid can increase sales .
Efron , as the highest profile actor of a viable age for the part , is an obvious target .
The majority of tabloid readers generally are n’t keyed in to the industry enough to realise how unlikely these rumours are .
And because national press newspapers rarely report on movie casting , they can get away with the occasional wild story .
Trade publications have to be a bit more careful .
It ’s because newspapers do n’t run casting stories that we can be sure the ones they do are usually nonsense .
I remember a couple of years ago a UK newspaper announcing the casting of pop star Robbie Williams as the new Captain Kirk , after wowing producers with his audition .
Gossip about popular celebs is good for circulation .
Another source of rumours is the camp of the actors in question , usually an agent or publicist .
The benefit of this tends to be raising the profile of the performer .
If an established actor is struggling to get parts , or an up and coming actor is looking for a big break , such speculation brings them to pubic attention .
This often leads to casting in other parts , as studio capitalize on the actor ’s increased recognition .
It can also occasionally lead to consideration for the original part , if the reaction to the news is favourable .
Studios themselves can seed rumours , in order to create buzz for a forthcoming project .
This is less likely than other sources , however .
Casting obviously comes before a production starts , and the benefit of any buzz created will be negligible a year and a half , two years later when the movie is finally released .
It can be more useful as a means to attract bigger stars to a project .
When big names are linked to a script , other A - listers are more likely to take an interest .
So rumours can be beneficial .
They can also have the opposite effect .
Actors , particularly , can be adversely affected by false casting reports .
If Efron , for example , is continually linked to high school set films like Spider - Man , or countless High School Musical rip - offs , he is less likely to be offered more serious roles .
Producers may doubt his ability or suitability for the role , or they may be concerned his presence could put off the audience they are aiming at .
When an actor is tipped for a part , and they do n’t get it , it can be wrongly assumed they failed to get it , that their ability was n’t up to the role .
It can also affect the actor who does finally take the job .
Constant comparisons , sometimes unfavourable , can be made to a star previously named in connection to the movie .
Clive Owen was persistently linked with the James Bond role , and when Daniel Craig was named instead , there was somewhat of a backlash against Craig as a result .
In the end , the choice would prove beneficial to both careers .
Craig has done a great job in the series , and Owen has got to play great roles in the likes of Inside Man and Children of Men .
As for us , the consumer , casting rumours are a part of our enjoyment in following the industry .
They give us something to talk about , argue about , even fantasise about .
We all like to name actors we think would be good for particular parts .
Speculation has been rife over the casting of Spider - Man since the reboot was announced .
So it ’s understandable for these types of stories to crop up .
And we would n’t have it any other way .
I ’m not calling for wild speculation to be reigned in , it ’s just important that we have some sympathy for the performers whose career path is constantly under the microscope .
Because of all the sources that are responsible for it ’s very rarely the actors at the centre of the media storm that are to blame .
Bazmann – www.twitter.com/baz_mann
Not in Plane Sight
Today , China is the world ’s fastest - growing commercial aircraft market .
Yet , despite the best efforts of Beijing , the majority of planes taking off and landing in China remain embossed with the manufacturing logos of Boeing and Airbus .
Although China has a glut of domestic airlines , it has no large aircrafts of its own design .
This has been a milestone week for China , with news that the country has become the world ’s top exporter and its top auto - market , and is poised to overtake Japan to become the second - largest economy sometime this year .
Yet while China ’s consumer appetite and economy are growing rapidly , Beijing has not yet achieved the pinnacle of high - tech manufacturing : producing its own large commercial aircraft .
Could this change soon ?
Probably not .
It has been more than a decade since China started its concerted drive toward manufacturing its own commercial aircraft , but only in the last 18 months has there been much to show for it .
Last summer , two small Chinese - made aircraft made test flights , events that were of course heavily lauded by the Chinese media .
Chinese experts are now hopeful that a 150 - plus - seat jumbo jet under development will also be ready to take to the skies for testing within the next few years , in time for full release by 2016 .
Still , many questions remain unanswered about both jets , and doubts persist as to whether China will be able to produce anything in the next decade that will cut into the market of the more established Western aircraft manufacturers .
With the recent establishment of a well - funded airplane development and design center outside Shanghai , the successful test flights of the ARJ21 - 700 ( which made its maiden flight in July last year ) , and the progress being made on China ’s first jumbo jet , the C919 ( scheduled to roll off the production line in 2016 ) , it ’s clear that Beijing is now investing heavily in trying to create a domestic aircraft industry .
But the ARJ21 — short for Advanced Regional Jet for the 21st Century — has been plagued by delays and setbacks , while much of the technological specifics surrounding the C919 have yet to be announced .
Information that has been released about both planes has n’t impressed industry insiders .
" The ARJ21 , on a comparable basis to other aircrafts in its class , is overweight and essentially old technology , " says Scott Hamilton , founder of aerospace consultancy Leeham Co. Indeed , the ARJ21 is 15 percent heavier per seat than its closest rivals , which could create problematically high fuel costs .
Hamilton also suggested that the C919 seems likely to be heavier that its rivals and apart from its engine , will be made with technology that will likely be outmoded by the time of its anticipated launch .
For many years , China was trying to go it alone : to create entirely Chinese designed , equipped , and manufactured airplanes .
But that has proved unrealistic , and now the country is relying on foreign parts and expertise for key technologies .
Getting the best is not proving easy , however .
Although it ’s common for Chinese and foreign companies dealing with simple - to - produce goods such as clothing to work together , the huge sums involved in researching and developing components for the complex machinery used in aeronautics make foreign companies cautious about allowing third parties access to it .
Worries within the worldwide aerospace industry about the weakness of intellectual property rights protection in China are a major barrier .
Top - tier airplane parts developers and manufacturers , including GE and Honeywell , have shown reluctance to allow access to the latest technology to Chinese partners .
They have been especially wary of establishing joint ventures within China and with Chinese manufacturers , as joint ventures are seen as giving Chinese engineers and scientists easy access to technological know - how .
Although joint ventures between Chinese and foreign companies dealing with simple - to - produce goods such as clothing are common , the huge sums involved in researching and developing components for the complex machinery used in aeronautics make foreign companies cautious about allowing third parties access to it .
This has been especially the case with the key technologies of engines and avionics : the brains of the modern plane .
While happy to use China as a manufacturing base for the aircraft body — as many of them have done for years —
Western aircraft supplies have long kept production of the most valuable parts in the West .
" People I talk to in the industry say that [ intellectual property rights ] protection is the main reason they do n’t bid with their best technology ; which means that the [ Chinese ] planes will get built with last decade ’s models , " said Richard Aboulafia , an aviation analyst with U.S. - based Teal Group .
" Old equipment is not going to revolutionize the Chinese industry . "
That wall may be gradually coming down .
With an eye on the sheer scale of China ’s aircraft needs , along with clear signs that China is pushing to have its own planes competing for market share with Boeing and Airbus even if they have to be fitted with foreign parts , a few Western companies are starting to bring their more important technologies to China .
In November GE announced that it was forming a joint venture with Chinese state - owned Aviation Industry Corp ( AVIC ) to produce avionics in the country .
It is a move that many others may choose to replicate , and China is showing itself happy to use the size of its aircraft needs as a bargaining chip to push its aircraft industry forward and to try to gain access to leading technology .
" Western companies know that China wants to learn aerospace , and have to balance trading secrets for business , " said Leeham ’s Hamilton , an opinion echoed by many within the industry .
There ’s a lot at stake .
Boeing ’s 2009 report on China ’s aviation needs calculated that the country will need approximately 3,400 new airplanes over the next 20 years — roughly 12 percent of the worldwide total between now and 2030 .
" China is going to remain the largest single country market outside of the U.S. for at least the next 20 years , " said Wang Yukui , head of communications for Boeing China .
With so much domestic aircraft need , there is a great opportunity for Chinese - made airplanes to be launched in a friendly market more accepting of the small errors that are likely to be regular features in the years immediately following the launch of any new plane .
But concerns remain that the Chinese government may pressure domestic airlines to buy inferior Chinese - manufactured planes to stimulate the industry .
" There will be some pressure from the government to use Chinese planes , but if there are safety or reliability issues , the airlines can and will refuse , " said Lu Jian , an expert on aircraft design and head of the department of mechanical engineering at Hong Kong Polytechnic University .
What Lu does expect to see is increasingly strong incentives , in the manner of tax breaks , for airlines willing to go with Chinese planes near the beginning .
Anything more than this is likely to meet with heavy disapproval from Boeing , which fought hard against the EU subsidizing of Airbus when it first came on the scene , and which does not want to see its market share in China significantly reduced .
Boeing ’s
Wang would not comment on questions regarding unfair government support in China , but he stated that " as a company we support free - market mechanisms . "
Despite the technological weaknesses of the ARJ21 there have been close to 100 announced orders to date , predominantly from big state - owned Chinese airlines , as well as from a few airlines in emerging markets like Laos .
Regardless of the size of China ’s aircraft needs in future decades , Chinese aircraft cannot rely exclusively on domestic demand from state - owned carriers , even if the country were to freeze out the likes of Boeing or Airbus , which no one is suggesting it will do .
Ultimately , China will need to create planes that can compete in the global market and offer improvements on existing , proven models ; something that , despite the hype , the ARJ21 and C919 are not likely to do .
And in addition to improving technology , China ’s aircraft industry will also need to show that it can deliver the support necessary over the long life of an airplane .
Without strong proof that it can deliver the parts and customer support needed quickly and globally , few airlines are going to be willing to invest in expensive machinery when more proven models are on the market .
Despite the nationalistic goals , not to mention the money being spent on the industry — the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China , the amalgamated organization set up in March 2008 , was given an initial RMB 19 billion ( US $ 2.78 billion ) with which to compete , on top of the billions already spent on the industry over the years —
China looks to be years , if not decades away from producing a viable rival to the likes of Boeing ’s 747 , let alone planes that can dominate the skies .
This year 30 - second commercials during yesterday ’s Super Bowl on CBS are cost between $ 2.5 million and $ 2.8 million .
$ 2.8 million for 30 - second advertisement that may or may not help their company .
And who make good job with his Super Bowl commercials ?
Below are our choices for the 10 best Super Bowl 2010 commercials :
10 . Hyundai – Brett Favre
9. Coke – The Simpsons
8. Google – French love story
7. HomeAway – Hotel Hell Vacation
6. Audi – Green Car
5. Bud Light – Stranded
4. Coke – Sleepwalker
3. Doritos – Crash the Super Bowl 2010 Aired : Underdog
2. Snickers – Betty White
1. Doritos – Crash the Super Bowl 2010 Aired : House Rules
I thought it would be easier to build a Top 10 commercials , are you have your Top 10 ?
Write a comment or send us a mail with your list !
ARMED robbers disguised in burqas escaped with thousands in cash after carrying out a post office raid in Paris .
The crime – which took place yesterday in the suburb of Athis Mons – comes as the French government faces growing calls for the controversial garments to be banned .
Will this first robbery using a burqa re-launch the debate about the Islamic veil being worn in public places ?
President Nicolas Sarkozy himself has described them as a “ security risk ” , saying they provide the perfect cover for criminals or terrorists .
Now those fighting for the ban claim the robbery – which is the first of its kind in France – shows how useful the burqa is as a disguise .
It took place at around 10.30 am , when two robbers carrying pistols entered the main post office bank building in Athis Mons , which has a large immigrant Muslim community , mainly from North Africa .
Once inside they ordered a bank clerk to take out the equivalent of Â £ 4,000 in cash by pointing a pistol at him .
After ten minutes they fled to a nearby car park and escaped .
Police fear that they will not be able to identify the robbers on CCTV cameras .
Said one detective :
It was a perfect disguise .
Their faces and bodies were completely covered .
The robbery led to Le Parisien , the main daily paper in the French capital , to ask :
A government committee has already recommended that burqas should not be allowed in civil buildings and on public transport , and a full ban could follow .
Britain is no stranger to burqa crime .
Last November two robbers – dressed in full - length women ’s burkhas – pistol - whipped a post office manager during a daylight raid in Bradford .
The attackers bundled their 38 - year - old victim into the premises as he opened the shop .
They brutally struck him on the head with the butt of a handgun when he was unable to open a safe .
But the raiders then panicked and fled empty - handed when they saw a customer peering through the window of the post office , in Oak Lane , Manningham .
Last summer a robber dressed from head to toe in a traditional Muslim woman ’s burqa raided a travel agent , and also made off with thousands in cash .
And in 2008 , a 6ft 6in robber hidden beneath a burqa was involved in a Â £ 200,000 raid on a jewellery store in Smethwick , West Midlands .
You can read more about burqa villainy here .
Hat tip : BarrieJohn
That 's right !
After all those quick and dirty appearances , we 've finally got our own Dell Mini 5 ( aka " Streak " or " M01M " ) prototype for a more in - depth look .
Got a question about this mysterious beast ?
Drop us a line here and we 'll try to answer all your queries in our forthcoming impressions post .
We 've just added a bunch of new pics !
And now we have a quick video after the break .
You 're welcome .
Our review is up !
People ’s moral judgment can be altered by disrupting part of the brain , a study published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows .
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) disrupted activity in the right temporo - parietal junction , or TPJ , which is above and behind the right ear and is usually highly active when we think about what we believe the outcome of a particular act will be .
ADVERTISEMENT
The researchers disrupted the TPJ by inducing a current in the brain using a magnetic field applied to the scalp and got study participants to read a series of scenarios posing moral conundrums .
In one scenario , a person called Grace and her friend are taking a tour of a chemical plant when Grace stops at the coffee machine .
Grace ’s friend asks her to get her a coffee with sugar .
A container by the coffee machine is marked ‘ toxic ’ but contains plain old sugar — but Grace does n’t know that .
She believes the white powder in the container is toxic but puts it in her friend ’s coffee anyway .
Her friend is unharmed because the substance was sugar .
ADVERTISEMENT
Participants in the study were asked to judge on a scale of one to seven , with one being “ absolutely forbidden ” and seven “ absolutely permissible , ” if they thought what Grace and other protagonists in other scenarios did was morally acceptable .
Two experiments were conducted : during one , participants were asked to judge the scenarios ’ characters after having magnetic pulses sent to their TPJs for 25 minutes , and in the other they passed judgment while undergoing very short bursts of magnetic interference .
In both experiments , disrupting normal neural activity in the right TPJ switched off the part of people ’s moral judgment mechanism that looks at the protagonists ’ beliefs .
ADVERTISEMENT
When the right TPJ was disrupted , participants were more likely to judge as morally permissible failed attempts to harm another person than were control participants whose right TPJs were not tinkered with .
“ When activity in the right TPJ is disrupted , participants ’ moral judgments shift toward a ‘ no harm , no foul ’ mentality , ” even though the participants should have given characters like Grace a mark in the forbidden range because they believed their actions would cause harm , the study says .
Paultergeist 8
This is one of , if not the , weirdest , most bizarre game I 've ever played .
It 's awful yet amazing , ugly yet beautiful , boring yet very
This is one of , if not the , weirdest , most bizarre game I 've ever played .
It 's awful yet amazing , ugly yet beautiful , boring yet very interesting .
The controls are horrendous , the graphics are bad , and the sound effects are the worst you 'll ever hear !
How can a game which does so much wrong and feels and looks so amateurish get so many great reviews .
Easy enough .
If you 'll be able to look through the graphics and mechanics 'n everything , you 'll find a pearl of a game .
Something so atmospheric and beautiful in it 's gruesomeness it'll stay with you for probably quite a while .
The characters are quite intriguing and the voice - acting is n't bad at all .
At some points the game is slow .
Especially when driving around town from point A to B .
Just sit tight , give it time and try to enjoy everything the story has to offer .
It 's not a hard game also but the story is interesting enough to keep you wondering .
It 'll take you about 20 hours to beat the main story line and besides that there are plenty of side quests and other mysteries to solve .
If you 're able to have some patience and look through the sloppy graphics and repetitive sound effects you 'll experience an great and unique game .
I agree that if this would 've came out ten years ago , it would 've been respected a lot more .
Just give it a chance .
If not , do n't give it a 1 or judge it by just its looks .
…
Expand
President Obama on Monday sent Congress a $ 3.8 - trillion federal budget that includes a $ 100 - billion jobs package , more education spending , higher taxes on families earning more than $ 250,000 a year and a focus on controlling the deficit .
The spending blueprint for fiscal 2011 , which starts Oct. 1 , is 3 % more than the government is spending this year , according to the White House Office of Management and Budget .
“ It ’s a budget that reflects the serious challenges facing the country , ” Obama said Monday morning at the White House .
“ We ’re at war .
Our economy has lost 7 million jobs over the last two years .
And our government is deeply in debt after what can only be described as a decade of profligacy . ”
The budget now goes to Congress , where it can expect a cool reception from Republicans who oppose tax and fee increases and who will seek more cuts in some areas to bring down the deficit .
In presenting his budget , Obama reached out to Republicans but , in a theme he has used in recent days , warned against political gamesmanship .
“ In order to meet this challenge , I welcome any idea , from Democrats and Republicans .
What I will not welcome -- what I reject -- is the same old grandstanding when the cameras are on , and the same irresponsible budget policies when the cameras are off . ”
Many of the budget details have been known for days , including Obama ’s call for a three - year freeze on discretionary spending , about 17 % of the budget .
This morning , he focused on jobs and the deficit .
“ When I first walked through the door , the deficit stood at $ 1.3 trillion , ” the president said .
Although the Congressional Budget Office has estimated the level of the current year ’s federal deficit at $ 1.35 trillion , the Office of Management and Budget pegs the existing 2010 deficit at $ 1.56 trillion , a runaway record .
The OMB also projects that the annual deficit for 2011 will be pared to $ 1.27 trillion .
By 2012 , it is projected at $ 828 billion .
By 2013 , it ’s $ 727 billion .
The projections are based on assumptions , however , including the president ’s proposed ending of some of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts that former President George W. Bush won .
Obama ’s plan would end those cuts for households earning more than $ 250,000 a year .
Over a decade , the OMB says , that restored tax on the wealthiest Americans could generate nearly $ 700 billion in revenue .
At the same time , the president said Monday , some tax breaks are necessary to stimulate the economy .
His proposed budget includes about $ 100 billion in tax breaks in to spur investment in small business and help create jobs .
OMB Director Peter R. Orszag maintains that the White House is attempting to chart a “ glide path ” for lower deficits without thrusting the economy into another recession .
“ If we had taken office during ordinary times , ” Obama said , “ we would have started bringing down these deficits immediately . ”
But a rescue was necessary , the president said , “ and that rescue was not without significant costs . ”
“ We wo n’t be able to bring down this deficit overnight , ” Obama said .
“ We will continue , for example , to do what it takes to create jobs .
...
The budget includes new tax cuts for people who invest in small business . ”
Still , Obama said , “ the irresponsibility ” that led to the accrued deficit must be addressed .
“ We have to do what families across America are doing , save where we can , ” he said .
That includes about $ 20 billion in sending cuts in the proposed 2011 budget , with a freeze on the overall level of discretionary spending outside of defense and mandatory programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid .
That still allows for increases in some areas , such as a 6 % boost in overall education spending .
“ We ’re not simply photocopying last year ’s budget , ” Obama said .
“ We ’ve gone through every department budget line by line , item by item .
“ Like any business , we ’re also looking for ways to get more bang for our buck , ” he said .
“ The bottom line is this , ” the president said .
“ We simply cannot continue to spend as if deficits do n’t have consequences , as if waste does n’t matter , as if the hard - earned tax dollars of the American people can be treated like Monopoly money . ”
Calling on Congress to join in reining in spending , the president plans to create a commission to examine taxation and spending down the road .
The $ 3.834 - trillion spending plan also includes :
* $ 270 million to buy and upgrade an Illinois prison where the administration hopes to house some detainees from Guantanamo , as part of its effort to close the prison in Cuba .
* The elimination of some capital gains taxes , along with tax breaks for oil , gas and coal companies .
* A $ 3 - billion increase in the Elementary and Secondary Education
Act for public school funding , raising the total to $ 28 billion , plus $ 1.35 billion more for the Race to the Top program for schools to increase student performance .
* $ 17 billion for Pell Grant funding for college aid .
* $ 100 billion for investments in small - business tax cuts , infrastructure and clean energy , all designed to create jobs .
This includes a new “ small business jobs and wages tax cut ” to spur small - business hiring and wage increases , at a cost of $ 33 billion .
Jobs were a main topic on the Sunday talk shows .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs expressed hope on CNN’s “ Late Edition ” that a jobs package “ in the $ 100 - billion range ” would be the next order of business before the Senate .
“ We need to recognize what ’s on the mind of the American people , which is jobs , ” Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland , who heads the House Democrats ’ campaign effort , said on " Fox News Sunday . ”
And Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) said on “ Late Edition ” that as long as the legislation creates jobs , “ we ’re willing to take a look at it . ”
But he and other Republicans suggested that Democrats could improve economic recovery by dropping their healthcare overhaul and extending the tax cuts enacted under Bush , which expire at the end of the year .
“ The best thing that we could do with respect to jobs is put that massive healthcare expansion on the shelf , ” Sen . John Thune ( R - S.C. ) said on CBS ’ “ Face the Nation . ”
He added that lawmakers also should “ make it clear to small businesses that we ’re not going to raise their taxes in the middle of a recession , ” a reference to the expiring Bush tax cuts .
Reducing the deficit is one of the reasons the administration has focused on overhauling healthcare , Orszag said Sunday .
“ It will not be possible to restore long - term fiscal balance to the government without getting control over . . . healthcare costs , ” he said .
Creating jobs was a major theme of Obama ’s State of the Union address last week as he strove to reassure ordinary Americans that he understood their plight .
He noted that the economy was improving but that too many people remained out of work , despite the $ 787 - billion stimulus plan he signed into law a year ago .
But getting another jobs bill through Congress has proved difficult .
In December , the House approved a $ 154 - billion measure without a single Republican vote .
Senate Democratic leaders are expected to unveil their plans on jobs legislation this week , looking to pass a series of measures rather than one large package .
The final legislation is expected to include money to fund infrastructure projects , promote green jobs and keep teachers , police officers and other public workers employed .
Democrats hope to win Republican support by including tax cuts for small businesses .
But a number of Obama ’s proposals are sure to face resistance on Capitol Hill .
“ If borrowing and spending all this money led to more jobs , then we ’d be at full employment already , ” Rep. Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , top Republican on the House Budget Committee , said on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
Even the three - year freeze on discretionary spending will draw its share of criticism .
House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R- Ohio ) , appearing on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” Sunday , called the freeze a “ good first step , ” but added , “ I think we can do much better . ”
Congress rejected a number of spending cuts that the White House sought last year , including an effort to end federal payments to states for jailing illegal immigrants convicted of crimes .
California is the largest beneficiary of those payments .
mdsilva@latimes.com
richard.simon@latimes.com
Christi Parsons in the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
4TH UPDATE : Late tonight , “ Team Coco ” sources added this about “ Team NBC ” : “ I am of the understanding that he ca n’t do that kind of thing until September .
And you should ask what they are afraid of his saying that they have to gag him anyway ?
Seems like a lot to spend to keep someone quiet , if that is their intent .
If he did the Tony ’s and did n’t make jokes about the situation , it would be lame .
He wo n’t take any job if he does n’t think he ’ll be great . ”
3RD UPDATE : Now “ Team NBC ” sources tell me : “ The severance agreement gives Conan the explicit right to do hosting gigs after May 1 , so its B.S. that he ‘ ca n’t perform ’ .
And if he wanted to ‘ speak freely about NBC ’ , he should n’t have accepted NBC ’s over $ 40 mill payoff . ”
2ND UPDATE : To which “ Team Conan ” sources reply to me : “ He can do interviews but ca n’t perform .
He also ca n’t speak freely about NBC , which kind of kills his doing things in the way he ’d want . ”
UPDATE : Oh , this is interesting .
“ Team NBC ” sources tell me tonight that Conan ’s severance deal with NBC does n’t prohibit him from making TV appearances after May 1 , “ so he totally could have hosted the Tony’s .
More likely , he did n’t want to do it , and used his agreement with NBC as an excuse to say no to Les . ”
EXCLUSIVE : Sources tell me tonight CBS tried to hire Conan O’Brien to host this year ’s Tony Awards on June 13th .
But he had to turn down the offer because of the restrictions NBC put on his activities until September 1st in exchange for that giant $ 40 million payout for himself and his Tonight Show staff .
Boo .
Hiss .
This would have been fun since Coco did a great job hosting the Emmys in 2002 and again in 2006 .
Anyway , I love how Les Moonves at least tried to mess with Jeff Zucker over this .
President Barack Obama capped his most successful week in the White House so far with a surprise visit to Afghanistan .
Obama gains steam , plows ahead
President Barack Obama has in one week gone from a man begging for votes from freshman congressmen to a globe - trotting commander - in - chief parachuting into a war zone .
Not long ago , Obama was pleading with Democrats that his presidency was on the line if health care reform failed .
Now he expects new Wall Street regulations on his desk by September — or Memorial Day , if possible .
The White House is also looking for Democrats to pass a revamped education law and renewed campaign finance restrictions while they ’re at it .
Advertisement
The fact that today Obama is poised to plow ahead on an ambitious agenda is as much a testament to the pendulum of Washington politics — when you ’re hot , you ’re hot — as it is to Obama ’s sustained quality of always playing the tortoise to everyone else ’s hare .
A little luck and timing never hurt either , and Obama benefitted from both to pull off several feats in a small window of time .
The president began last week with a midnight victory on his top domestic policy effort — which also happens to be the most expansive revamping of the nation ’s health care system since 1965 .
He ended it with a secret , 14 - hour flight to Afghanistan to personally confront his top foreign policy challenge in his first trip to the war zone as president .
In between , Obama won reforms to the federal student loan system that had been stalled for decades .
He negotiated a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia .
And he defied Republican objections , as Democrats have long wished he would , to unilaterally appoint 15 of his nominees .
For now , it looks as though Obama is turning a corner in his presidency , and the question is whether he ’s able to capitalize on his gains — to have not just one good week but a series of them heading into what promises to be a difficult midterm election for the Democrats .
“ This is the great Obama spring counteroffensive , ” said Ross Baker , a political science professor at Rutgers University .
“ He has gained the initiative and he wants to press his advantage .
I think that decision to maintain the offensive is a good one as long as he does n’t get spread too thin . ”
Obama ’s challenge will be maintaining the momentum .
After all , the White House had the same build - on - victory view after Obama signed the economic stimulus bill , and in the days after scoring a win on health care his aides were back to setting legislative deadlines — something Democratic leaders in Congress loathe .
And while Obama is looking good now , his approval rating is still hovering around 50 percent and recently matched its lowest level in the Gallup daily tracking poll .
That makes him either politically savvy or in for a tough wake - up call .
Either way , he ’s defied the system and hopes to do it again .
“ He ’s demonstrated to the political system that low polls and tough problems do not rule out success in spite of the fact that people on both sides of the aisle had been predicting failure on things like health care , ” said Bruce Buchanan , a government professor at the University of Texas in Austin .
“ So he ’s feeling now that there ’s nothing preventing his tackling other tough problems . ”
Democrats believe the Obama of the past week is what Americans want .
They particularly think his successes could convince skeptical independents that Democrats can govern and that Obama is the steadfast leader they hoped for .
They ’re also confident moving into the debate on regulating Wall Street because they believe it unites them and divides Republicans .
“ It could n’t be better for Obama right now , ” said Democratic strategist Paul Begala .
“ The strength that he ’s showing is critical to defining the Obama presidency .
Nobody ever worried about whether he was smart .
A lot of people worried about whether he was strong enough .
Well , they ’re addressing that .
They ’re showing strength . ”
Even Republican Ari Fleischer , former press secretary for President George W. Bush , sees an upside .
“ I think the biggest gain he has is he ’s put a little wind behind the backs of congressional Democrats who were scared to death that anything Obama touched would lead to failure and defeat , ” Fleischer said .
“ He had a powerful and effective week in rallying his base , which is useful , but he still faces the fundamental problems that his first year decline led to , which is he ’s polarizing , he failed to get any Republican support and he ’s lost independents . ”
Obama no doubt has big challenges ahead .
The verdict is far from in on health reform , which the majority of Americans opposed at the time it was passed and Republicans have promised to make his political albatross .
The president also faces a ballooning deficit , concerns about government spending and a nation with a 9.7 percent unemployment rate .
On foreign policy , tensions are high in the Middle East peace process and the Iraqi elections have brought uncertainty to the U.S. drawdown of the war .
While Obama may enjoy momentum for his domestic success , getting positive political mileage out of foreign policy triumphs is notoriously difficult .
Peter Feaver , who worked on the National Security Council under Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton , said that at a time when Americans are more preoccupied with fears of terrorism than of nuclear attack by the Russians , an arms control pact that sounds like something out of the 1980s may have little political throw - weight .
But he thinks any successful visit by a president to a war zone has a derring - do element to it that plays in the White House ’s favor .
“ Anytime a president can pull off that kind of a surprise move , and Bush pulled it off several times , that gives the impression White House knows what it ’s doing , knows how to execute a play , ” Feaver said .
“ It also does draw attention to the one issue where [ Obama ] polls the best ... Afghanistan policy . ”
Obama ’s new mojo comes after being tethered to the White House for months getting in the weeds of the health care debate .
Relieved of working the phones and huddling with lawmakers , it appears he ’ll keep brisk pace on a number of fronts .
He will talk about health care in Maine this week .
He ’ll raise money for Democrats in Boston on Thursday , and the White House already has him teed up to do an event in North Carolina Friday , hours after the Labor Department releases the latest unemployment figures .
Obama will also sign fixes to the health care bill and student loan reforms into law at a ceremony Tuesday before he and the first lady host French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife at the White House .
As he reboots for the second year of his presidency , Obama takes with him some valuable lessons from the first .
“ They made some mistakes , ” Begala said .
“ So I think that they come into the rest of 2010 with eyes wide open , and I do n’t think they ’re going to waste months and months again trying to get one or two or six Republicans to join them . ”
That success breeds success is the well - known motto of Obama ’s chief of staff Rahm Emanuel .
The president ’s recent successes , while perhaps something to build on , do n’t prevent him from being on the other end of the Washington pendulum next week — when you ’re not hot , you ’re not .
“ Once you taste the blood of success so to speak , your appetite increases , and I think he ’s going to see how far he can go with this , ” Buchanan said .
“ He knows he ’s going to have some setbacks but at the moment that ’s not sufficient to keep him from pressing ahead . ”
Josh Gerstein and Mike Allen contributed to this report .
LONDON / SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - Cyber attacks disclosed by Google and Adobe that may lead Google to quit China highlight a sophisticated type of bespoke cyberspying that could be more widespread than previously thought .
A worker at Google in Shanghai walks near their reception desk in their Shanghai office January 13 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Nir Elias
Google , the world ’s top search engine , said on Tuesday it might shut down its Chinese site , Google.cn , after an attack on its infrastructure it believed was primarily aimed at accessing the Google mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
Unlike ordinary viruses that are released into cyberspace and quickly spread from computer to computer , the type of attack launched against Google and at least 20 other companies were likely handcrafted uniquely for each targeted organization .
Such attacks , most often delivered using Adobe PDF documents sent by e-mail , secretly deposit a software file on a user ’s hard drive allowing the computer to be remotely accessed .
Typically , top personnel with access to high - level information are targeted with such software , known as malware .
Since each organization is hit with a malware that looks different from malware delivered to others , companies cannot detect samples spreading around the globe and protect themselves as they normally would , security experts say .
“ Attacks like this are very hard to block and very hard to filter , ” says Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at security software maker F - Secure , who has been monitoring such attacks against Chinese human - rights activists since 2005 .
The fact that this kind of malware can easily sit in computers undetected , potentially forever , also means the true number of such hacking attempts is hard to estimate .
“ I do n’t think they ’re very unusual at all .
I think they ’re very usual -- that ’s the problem , ” says John Walker , a professor in cyber-crime at the UK ’s Nottingham Trent University and chief technology officer of security software adviser Secure - Bastion .
COMPROMISED SINCE JULY ?
Google said it had found that at least 20 other companies had been targeted in attacks originating from China , and that it was in the process of notifying them .
Adobe , which makes the popular Acrobat , Flash and Photoshop software including the PDF format often used by hackers , said on Wednesday its computer - network systems had been attacked , but no sensitive information was stolen .
Hypponen said the logical explanation was that hackers wanted to gain access to Adobe ’s development systems to better exploit PDF vulnerabilities .
Cyber security firm iDefense said that according to its sources , the attack on Google bore similarities to a July 2009 attack in which about 100 information technology - focused companies were targeted with e-mail campaigns using PDF files .
“ It is possible that the two attacks are one and the same , and that the organizations targeted in the Silicon Valley attacks have been compromised since July , ” it said .
In September , a coordinated cyberattack on the Chinese assistants of foreign news agencies contained malware that also exploited an Adobe Acrobat vulnerability .
Other companies targeted in the latest attacks did not immediately come forward .
Microsoft , which has recently launched a Chinese version of its much - hyped new search engine Bing , said in a statement : “ We have no indication that any of our mail properties have been compromised . ”
Defense contractors are other likely targets .
Last year , cyberspies that appeared to be based in China were reported to have breached the Pentagon ’s $ 300 billion Joint Strike Fighter project , using vulnerabilities in the networks of contractors involved in building the fighter jet .
The Pentagon and top supplier Lockheed Martin later said they were not aware of any specific concerns , when asked about the Wall Street Journal report .
Defense companies , facing shrinking conventional Defense budgets , are expanding into the development of ways to wage and protect themselves against cyber warfare , as the borders between consumer and Defense electronics blur .
Apple 's Safari browser got hacked on both Snow Leopard and the iPhone during the first day of the annual Pwn2 Own contest , where security specialists can win the hardware they successfully attack .
As CNet reports , security analyst Charlie Miller won $ 10,000 after remotely exploiting Safari on a MacBook Pro .
Victory was both sweet and familiar for Miller , the principal security analyst for Independent Security Evaluators , since he had successfully exploited Safari in the contest 's 2009 and 2008 iterations .
He 's keeping the exact mechanics of this year 's attack under wraps at the moment , but indicated that merely having the target computer visit a specially - crafted Website was enough to trigger the exploit , granting him command - line access to the Mac .
The Pwn2Own sponsor , Tipping Point 's Zero Day Initiative , shares information on exploits with the vendors involved , to give them an opportunity to patch the vulnerabilities .
The iPhone , meanwhile , was felled by Vincenzo Iozzo from Zynamics and Ralf Philipp Weinmann from the University of Luxembourg , who will split the $ 15,000 prize for hacking the device .
( Each should also earn an award for having uniquely challenging names . )
The iPhone hack also started with a Website containing malicious code ; the attack forwards the contents of " the local SMS database of the phone to the server we control , " Weinmann told CNet .
Hackers also successfully attacked Internet Explorer 8 and Firefox - - both running on Windows 7 -- at the event .
This story , " Safari , IPhone Hacked on First Day of Pwn2Own Contest " was originally published by Macworld .
Dutch anti-Islam leader Geert Wilders celebrated a symbolic breakthrough Thursday as his party won control of its first municipality in a show of strength ahead of June 's general election .
" What is possible in The Hague and Almere is possible all over the country , " Wilders said after his Party for Freedom ( PVV ) came first and second in the only two out of 394 municipalities it contested in local polls Wednesday .
" It 's a springboard for our victory .
We will become the biggest party in the Netherlands on June 9 . "
While the mainstream Christian Democratic and Labour parties lost support , the PVV emerged with the largest share of the vote ( 21.6 percent ) in Almere , a city of nearly 190,000 people near Amsterdam .
The party also came second in The Hague , the seat of the Dutch government and the third largest city with a population of 442,000 .
China says it executes fewer prisoners than it has done in the past Rights group Amnesty International has urged China to disclose the number of prisoners it executes .
In its annual report on the use of the death penalty , Amnesty said some 714 people were known to have been executed in 18 countries in 2009 .
But the group said the true global figure could be much higher , as thousands of executions were thought to have been carried out in China alone .
At least 388 people were executed in Iran , 120 in Iraq and 52 in the US .
Amnesty praised Burundi and Togo for abolishing the death penalty in 2009 and said that for the first time in modern history , no - one had been executed in Europe or the former Soviet Union over the year .
' Torture '
Beijing says it executes fewer people now than it has in the past , but has always maintained that details of its executions are a state secret .
However , Amnesty said that " evidence from previous years and a number of current sources indicates that the figure remains in the thousands " .
WORLD EXECUTIONS 2009 China : thousands suspected executed by injection and shooting Iran : more than 388 executions , by hanging or stoning Iraq : more than 120 executions by hanging Saudi Arabia : at least 69 executions by beheading or crucifixion US : 52 executions by lethal injection or electrocution
It said the death penalty could be applied to 68 offences in the country , including non-violent crimes , with executions carried out by lethal injection or firing squad .
Many people were sentenced based on confessions extracted under torture and having had limited access to legal counsel , it said .
" The Chinese authorities claim that fewer executions are taking place , " said Amnesty 's Interim Secretary General Claudio Cordone .
" If this is true , why wo n't they tell the world how many people the state put to death ? "
Since 2007 , all death sentences passed in China have been subject to a mandatory review by a higher court , a process China says has reduced the number of killings carried out .
" However , as long as statistics on the use of the death penalty in China remain a state secret , it will be impossible to verify this claim and to analyse actual trends , " said Amnesty .
Of particular concern to Amnesty were cases of those executed after political unrest in Tibet and Xinjiang , people sentenced to death for financial fraud and a British man , Akmal Shaikh , executed for drug smuggling despite his lawyer 's claims he was mentally ill .
" The time is long overdue for China to fall into line with international law and standards on the death penalty and be open and transparent regarding its use of capital punishment , " it said .
Abolitionist trend Amnesty said that by the end of 2009 , there were 17,118 people on death row around the world , with 2,001 people sentenced that year .
But while 58 countries still had a death penalty in 2009 , only 18 countries were known to have carried out executions .
It also said " commutations and pardons of death sentences appear to be more frequent " in countries which still pass death sentences , including more than 4,000 in Kenya in a mass commutation in August .
The group noted a sharp rise in executions in Iran in the eight weeks after political unrest following President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's election victory in June 2009 .
Iran was also criticised , along with Saudi Arabia , for carrying out executions of people convicted of crimes they committed while under the age of 18 .
Saudi Arabia was reported to have carried out executions " at an alarming rate " , with at least 69 people publicly beheaded in 2009 .
The report also highlighted an increasing abolitionist trend around the world in recent years .
Both Burundi and Togo outlawed the death penalty in 2009 , becoming the 94th and 95th countries to do so .
" The world is in reach of 100 countries declaring their refusal to put people to death , " said Amnesty .
The group repeated its assertion that the death penalty was cruel , an " affront to human dignity " and often used disproportionately against the poor and marginalised .
It said the secrecy surrounding state executions in many countries was " indefensible " .
" If capital punishment is a legitimate act of government as these nations claim , there is no reason for its use to be hidden from the public and international scrutiny , " it said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
More than 170 people died in the attacks in Mumbai in November 2008
Top diplomats from India and Pakistan are to meet for talks in the Indian capital , Delhi , on 25 February , the office of Pakistan 's PM has announced .
India had offered to resume official talks with Pakistan earlier this month .
Delhi had suspended a slow - moving peace process with Pakistan after the deadly attacks in the city of Mumbai in 2008 .
India blamed Lashkar - e - Taiba , a Pakistan - based militant organisation , for the attacks in which more than 170 people , including nine gunmen , died .
" It was decided that foreign secretary level talks between the two countries would be held on February 25 in New Delhi , " a statement from the Pakistani Prime Minister 's office said .
Pakistan " should raise all the core issues and impress upon India the need for the expeditious resolution through resumption of composite dialogue , " the statement added , alluding to Pakistan 's demand to discuss a whole range of issues with its rival .
Kashmir
India and Pakistan began a formal dialogue in 2004 on a number of key issues , including the long - running dispute over Kashmir .
But India suspended the talks after the attack on Mumbai .
Correspondents say there is still much suspicion between the two sides , but there seems to be a willingness on the part of both governments to move forward .
Any thaw between the two countries would be welcomed abroad - particularly by the US , Britain and other countries who have troops in Afghanistan fighting against the Taliban , correspondents add .
The Wall Street Journal is running a piece that focuses on ad sales for the iPad .
Pretty boring stuff except for a few nuggets related to the actual content we crave .
Rupert Murdoch already confirmed that his monument to main stream media was coming to the iPad .
Hell , they 've even been treated to a rare , in - house device to assist with the development of the iPad version of the Wall Street Journal .
Now it 's quoting " a person familiar with the matter " ( wink ) who says that The Journal plans to charge subscribers $ 17.99 per month for iPad subscriptions -- for comparison , the print version of the WSJ costs $ 349 for 52 weeks or about $ 29 per month .
Not bad , but you can't roll up an iPad to swat the dog .
Conversely , magazines appear set to offer weekly or monthly editions out of the gate , not annual subscriptions .
Sources told the WSJ that the April issue of Hearst 's Esquire magazine ( no stranger to new media ) will arrive in downloadable format without advertisements for $ 2.99 , $ 2 less than the newsstand price , and will include five music videos ( each containing the phrase " somewhere in Mississippi , " oddly enough ) to take advantage of the device 's multimedia capabilities .
On the other hand , a full iPad issue of Men's Health with match the glossy 's $ 4.99 price .
Of course , as we heard earlier , publishers will be experimenting with advertising and pricing models to see what works so expect things to be fluid for quite some time after the April 3rd launch .
While the Obama Administration and Democratic Congressional leadership consider using reconciliation as a means to pass their health care bill , multiple sources suggest that this procedure could also be used to push through the student loan bill in conjunction with ObamaCare .
“ The [ Congressional Budget Office ] included its estimate of the savings from the student - loan bill in a letter Friday to the Senate Appropriations Committee , setting out its assessments of President Obama ’s budget recommendation for the 2011 fiscal year , ” reports Paul Basken for The Chronicle of Higher Education on March 7 .
In the letter , the CBO estimated the 10 - year “ savings ” of the student - loan bill at $ 67 billion , “ more than 20 percent than less than the previous year ’s estimate , ” of $ 87 billion , notes Basken .
( Actually , $ 67 billion is a more optimistic number provided by the CBO than the letter they sent Senator Judd Gregg last July which estimated the actual “ savings ” of the bill closer to $ 47 billion over 10 years ) .
Why is the reduction significant ?
Because it could cap congressional education spending .
Basken writes ,
“ Along with confronting the political difficulties raised by the new estimate , Mr. Obama and his fellow Democrats face the possibility the number could pose a real legislative obstacle to their education - spending agenda .
That ’s because Congressional rules make passage easier for a bill , such as the student - aid overhaul , that is judged by the budget office to spend less money than it generates . …
… The Senate is expected to begin its consideration of the bill within the next few weeks ” ( emphasis added ) .
“ Senate Democrats could still attempt to pass their robust student lending overhaul using a 51 - vote budget maneuver called reconciliation , ” wrote Tony Romm for The Hill ’s Blog Briefing Room this February , citing unnamed “ top Democratic aides close to the process . ”
He writes ,
“ Basically , Democratic leaders could combine both their healthcare reforms and their student lending rules into one measure for consideration , and then pass the resulting package using reconciliation , those aides said .
However , it remains unclear whether such a move would improve the education bill ’s chances , a version of which passed the House last September ” ( emphasis added ) .
The bill , as passed by the House :
ties Pell Grants to “ increases in the Consumer Price Index , plus 1 % ”
eliminates federal subsidies to private student lenders , instead lending money directly to students ,
sets up the Early Learning Challenge Fund , promoted by groups such as Mission : Readiness , and
the Defund Acorn Act ,
among other provisions .
Basken also promoted the idea that Democratic leadership might use reconciliation to circumvent a Republican filibuster .
“ Senate Democrats , however , have been waiting to act on the student - loan bill until they reach an agreement on health - care legislation , ” he writes .
That ’s because reconciliation is a tool that can be used only once during the yearlong budget cycle , and Democrats needing votes for both health care and student - loan overhaul may want to draft a reconciliation bill that combines both measures . ”
The Obama Administration has previously highlighted its intention to convert Pell Grants awards into mandatory spending .
In other words , the Administration desires to create a new entitlement program .
“ The current Pell Grant program includes both discretionary and mandatory components , ” states the CBO letter .
Basken writes that
“ The cost of Mr. Obama ’s plan to expand Pell–increasing its maximum per-student value each year by the rate of inflation plus one percentage point–would cost $ 200 - billion over 10 years , far more than the amount obtained from the entire student - loan overhaul measure , the budget office said in its analysis . ”
To put this in context , the CBO letter outlined this measure as one among three major Presidential initiatives adding to the deficit .
They write ,
“ Mandatory outlays under the President ’s proposals would be above CBO ’s baseline projections by $ 1.9 trillion ( or 8 percent ) over the 2011 - 2020 - period , about one - third of which would stem form net additional spending related to proposed changes to the health insurance system and health care programs .
Much of the rest of the increase in mandatory spending would result from increased spending for refundable tax credits and for the Pell Grant program for postsecondary students ” ( emphasis added ) .
Bethany Stotts is staff writer at Accuracy in Academia .
WOLFMAN’S GOT NARDS Shows Love to THE MONSTER SQUAD - and its Fans ! -- 8 total posts
3
Communities Wheatpastin ' the Rez
During the last year or so , a new kind of " graffiti " has been showing up on abandoned buildings , old billboards and rusted out oil tanks on the Navajo Nation .
A street artist who goes by the name of Jetsonorama ( who sometimes works with another artist , Yote , and No Reservation Required ) has been plastering these places with giant , black & white , cutout photographs and using wheat paste to fix them in place .
They are somewhat ephemeral by nature , getting torn up by wind , rain and snow .
It turns out the character behind the art is pretty interesting , too .
Watch Jetsonorama at work , and turn the volume up !
The MBTA 's holding a little ceremony at Ruggles this morning to announce that the entire Orange Line , including underground stations and tunnels , will be bathed in the soothing electronic aura of cell - phone coverage from AT&T and T - Mobile .
The T says Red Line riders south of Charles / MGH will get similar end - to - end coverage in May .
Terminus - to - terminus service on the Blue and Green Lines is still in the design stage .
The T is also announcing a new public - safety campaign to tell people to be alert while using their smart phones to avoid having them stolen - the T says smart - phone thefts are up dramatically over last year ( 46 to date , compared to 27 during the same period last year ) .
So listen for MBTA Police Chief Paul MacMillan soon on a loudspeaker near you .
There is n't much that Emma Allen does n't know about dieting .
She once gave up solid food for four months .
It did n't work out .
She tried the weight - loss programme NutriSystem , but needless to say , they did n't help either .
She was even one of the first generation of Atkins devotees who were required , among other things , to test their own urine .
Yet while she was publicly attempting to shed the pounds , secretly , Emma liked being overweight .
As a child she had fantasies of taking a pill that would make her fatter and fatter until she eventually just floated away .
She never told anyone , but when she got pregnant 18 years ago , everything changed .
" It was like a religious epiphany , " Emma says .
" I remember having this incredible feeling that I could think about what was good for me , instead of calories .
The possibility of thinking about food differently was a big turning point . "
Over the next 10 years , Emma immersed herself in the world of size politics .
She paid closer attention to the size liberation movement : a political movement that started in the 1970s and made size an axis of oppression .
Groups such as Fat Underground and Fat Activists Together ( FAT ) fought for anti-discrimination legislation on the grounds of weight .
Then three years ago she finally took the decision to do something she had always wanted to do .
" I 'd had these fantasies all my life and had been restraining them all my life .
There came a time when I wanted to explore , " she says .
" I wanted to know more about what they were about .
How would I feel about actually gaining weight , would I enjoy it ? "
In spring 2007 , she took the plunge and gained 33lb , to reach a total weight of 17.5st .
Emma is a 49 - year - old professor at a university in the north - west of England .
She is also a " gainer " – sometimes known as a " feedee " – who overeats in an active attempt to put on weight .
Although there are no statistics on the number of people doing this , gaining is more common than one might think .
" They are everybody : every age , every country , every size ; I mean , tiny , skinny people wanting to gain . . . it really is a case of , look around you , somebody is having these fantasy scenarios , " says Emma .
This week Donna Simpson , a 42 - year - old mother from New Jersey who weighs 43st , made headlines by revealing that her ongoing weight gain was part of her plan to become the fattest woman on earth .
Pictured with an enigmatic smile and a burger in her hand , the press coverage showed varying degrees of restraint in highlighting the £ 400 - a - week food shops , fast - food binges and unrepentant bid to hit 73st .
Gaining is often linked to feederism ; a topic that occasionally pops up as freakshow fodder in magazines , chat shows or documentaries such as Fat Girls and Feeders : a 2003 Channel 4 documentary .
This focused on the relationships between men and the overweight , vulnerable women they chose to fatten to immobility and beyond .
Yet many women actively seek to gain weight of their own volition .
There are many websites and groups dedicated to gaining but Fantasy Feeder ( FF to its members ) is perhaps the most comprehensive .
There are forums , stories and photographs that show unbuttoned blouses revealing pot bellies , wobbly tummies and impressive mounds of flesh cascading over waistbands .
Large bosoms escape the confines of their bras , and rolls ripple beneath over - stretched T - shirts .
Before and after pictures show the usual weight transformation journey , but in reverse .
The poses are proud , matter - of - fact and often sexual .
There are lots of men on the site , but it is the images of female gainers that catch the eye .
In our present landscape of body blandness , they stand out as controversial , bold and visually political .
Fat is still , most definitely , a feminist issue for some female gainers .
" I think being a feminist has affected my relationship to my body and gaining in several ways , " says Emma .
" I started , very young , bucking the trends of beauty norms , like bra-wearing and shaving and makeup .
I always thought that these practices were ridiculous ; so that made it easier to go against the norm .
Gaining is very liberating . "
Others say they like making a statement with their weight because it challenges our stereotypical notions of beauty .
Some , like Helen Gibson , a 40 - year - old nurse from the Midlands , gain weight simply to please themselves .
" It is my right to be fat ; nothing about making a point . "
Yet even she concedes putting on weight after her marriage made her feel free : " Those three months were the most liberating of my life ; I could feel the fat going back on .
My tummy returned to its former glory – fat , soft and flabby , just how it should be . "
Helen 's husband knows she is a gainer , as do friends , who are well aware of how much she " adores being fat " ; understandably , though , being an NHS employee , she can not come out of the gaining closet completely .
At the latest estimate , 57 % of women were classified as being overweight , including 25 % who were obese .
Overall , obesity and related health issues now account for 9 % of the NHS budget .
As a nurse , says Helen , she can not be seen to publicly advocate being overweight .
For others , anonymity is the result of not wanting anyone to know , which might explain the profusion of headless pictures on the FF website .
As any gainer will tell you , life outside the community can be harsh .
There is still a huge amount of derision and discrimination towards the obese , so the decision to keep their gaining a secret is n't really a surprise .
Lauren , a 20 - year - old American gainer , says she does not want to offer more ammunition to people by explaining the predilection .
" As a fat woman , I have experienced fat discrimination almost on a daily basis , " she says .
" It 's usually not so glaring as an intolerant jerk screaming , ' Diet , fatty ! ' but smaller , more painful ways : going to parties and no one talks to me , being glared at while I 'm eating in restaurants , the snickering in changing rooms in department stores . "
For many non-gainers , the practice seems strange because of the health implications – both physical and psychological .
Even organisations such as the US - based National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance ( Naafa ) dismiss gaining on health grounds .
Obesity experts say that being overweight can cause everything from heart problems and diabetes to high blood pressure and gall stones .
The message is that fat and health do n't mix .
But Emma disagrees .
She says that it would be more useful for people to consider the multimillion - pound diet industry and its " 95 % failure rate " , and feels overweight people are instead blamed for all the world 's ills .
" I think people worry about health because it 's the easiest place to hang fat hatred .
The data actually suggests that it has to do with activity , and not size .
People respond badly to anything that asks them to reconfigure their presumptions and preconceptions . "
Psychologically , gaining is still a grey area .
While one would assume purposefully overeating to gain weight is as much of a disorder as not eating , Susan Ringwood , chief executive of Beating Eating Disorders ( Beat ) , says that is n't the case .
" It is n't an eating disorder as such , because there is no morbid fear of fatness , or weight gain .
In its extreme forms it is more likely to be a personality disorder that is organised around submission / domination and sexual fantasies . "
Another theory , says psychotherapist Phillip Hodson , is that intentional weight gain for women could well be an avoidance tactic : they do n't want to attract the unwanted attention of men , so they transform themselves into something deemed conventionally unattractive .
Most women do n't feel this way , but it could be true for a small minority .
" I have come across cases where it 's quite obvious that women deliberately become large , or remain large , for psychological reasons , " he says .
" These include trying to avoid attention and becoming sexually invisible .
Some women use food to become so different from the stereotype and to avoid all that is involved in fitting that stereotype : from wolf whistles to being propositioned . "
It 's a thought , but it does n't appear to mean anything to Emma or Helen who define weight gain in very sexual terms .
Although Donna Simpson 's press coverage glossed over the sexual aspect of gaining , for them , more fat means more sex appeal ; the extra flesh that everyone else is attempting to shed fuels their desires .
Emma goes one step further to say that gaining is an intrinsic part of her sexual identity .
She cannot gain at the moment because of MS and diabetes , but still calls herself a gainer .
For most of us , weight gain seems simple : a bit too much butter on your toast and one chocolate biscuit too many can mean the difference between zipping up your jeans or not .
But the question of how to gain weight is quite a hot topic on Fantasy Feeder .
There are " Eat Yourself Fat " tailormade diet plans to increase your weight , and the advice ranges from eating ice cream before bed to homemade milkshakes and lots more pasta .
While some favour junk food overload , others , like Emma , say that it is the very antithesis of what gaining is about .
" For me , it 's all about a kind of hedonism ; it 's about opening the doors and allowing in fleshy pleasures , whether it 's food itself , or what happens to my body , or what happens to somebody else 's body .
I need a big variety , because what 's appealing to me are contrasts of textures and tastes and aromas and colours . . . if I have to eat a big bowl of pasta , I 'm not interested .
I mean , I love pasta , but I 'm not going to eat four servings of it . "
Instead Emma maintains a healthy eating regime .
" I know no one will believe this , but I eat lots of wholegrains , fruit and veg ; probably a bit too much cheese , and chocolate – although I now only eat sugarfree candies .
Fish , if it 's fresh . . . of course .
My diet is n't primarily McDonald 's and KFC ; in fact , it almost never is . "
Likewise , Helen 's love of gaining is as much about the act of eating as the result .
" It 's the pleasure of food that is the biggest pleasure for me ; followed by each extra roll of fat that comes with the amount that I eat , " she says .
" I adore how I look naked – and I have been known to spend far too much time admiring myself in the mirror . "
The presence of online gaining communities has provided people with a support system .
Many say it is like coming home .
" This is our small part of the world where we are surrounded by people who say , ' You 're not weird ; it 's perfectly fine to feel as you do , in fact , we think you 're great because of it , ' " says Lauren .
" To virtually everyone , it is a liberating , wonderful feeling . "
Emma says that she is in the privileged position of " coming out " because she has little to lose : her partner will not leave her because of it , and she is unlikely to lose her job .
Colleagues do n't know , but she does n't think they will be too surprised , given her outspoken views on fat issues .
As a moderator on the FF site , she comes across a lot of people who on the one hand are desperate to be fat , on the other , desperate to be thin .
" Real desires need attention , not curing , " she says .
" Lots of people in the community want to understand why they have these fantasies and desires , and there 's sometimes an undertone of ; ' so that I can cure them ' .
Not always , but there are definitely people who feel that way . "
Some , she says , are just as unhappy with their bodies as those trying to lose weight .
" Most people who tell you that they 're happy with their bodies are lying .
There are people who are like , ' Yeah , I 'm cool : fat is beautiful – I 'm having weight loss surgery . . . certainly , there are women on FF who are dieting . "
Being a gainer is n't as straightforward or easy as it might seem , she says .
" One comes into contact with messages about weight loss , health and beauty , about , I do n't know , 20 times a day .
Every time you open your email , a magazine , every time you turn the television on . . . so any attempt to do anything different , takes incredible strength and courage – and we all fall down , " including Emma .
" Of course it gets me down !
I often feel like all men – and women – believe that stereotype is beautiful , even though I know better , " she says .
" I hammer myself over not being that stereotype , but only when I 'm having a bad time and am already vulnerable because of other things going on around me . "
If we look around us , says Phillip Hodson , it is clear that regardless of increased pressures to be thin , we are getting fatter as a nation .
" The natural figure of the hunter - gatherer has returned : good childbearing hips and a good abdomen , " he says .
" But I would be worried about people who are saying they want to get fat . "
But Helen is not worried .
At 16st she still only considers herself to be pleasantly plump .
She has a picture in her head , she says , of what she will look like when she is fat .
" I am a long way off that , although I am on my way , " she says .
" With each mouthful , calorie and year , I am on my way to achieving it . "
Some names have been changed
The two companies , Genencor and Novozyme , both announced different cost- cutting enzymes at the 15th Annual National Ethanol Conference in Orlando , Florida .
Obviously , the exact recipe of either enzyme remains a proprietary secret , but the fact that both multiple companies came out with cost - cutting enzymes at the same time represents a larger shift towards affordability in the ethanol market .
More than one million people were left homeless by the quake
The United Nations has increased its humanitarian appeal for Haiti to $ 1.44bn ( £ 929 m ) - an all - time high .
Special envoy Bill Clinton launched the latest appeal , saying there remained an urgent need for tents , food and water with the rainy season looming .
Earlier UN humanitarian chief John Holmes was critical of the organisation of international aid since the quake on 12 January that devastated Haiti .
The last UN record appeal - $ 1.41 bn - was made after the 2004 Asian tsunami .
The UN's Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs said other priority areas for Haiti included agriculture , health , logistics , nutrition , protection , sanitation and hygiene .
To meet the needs of the people of Haiti will require more of the generous global support that we have seen so far
John Holmes
UN humanitarian chief Announcing the new total , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said : " As the rainy season is coming to Haiti , it will be extremely important to provide on a priority basis shelters , sanitation and other necessary humanitarian assistance . "
Former US President Bill Clinton , the UN 's special envoy for Haiti , urged people to donate immediately .
" Pledge less and give it .
And do it sooner than later , " he said at an event to launch the increased appeal .
He said Haitians needed to get out of the cycle of existing day - to - day and become less reliant on handouts .
" They have to be able to go month - to - month .
Then we 'll try to help them do the rest . "
More than 1.2 million people are estimated still to be homeless in Haiti , with some 230,000 killed by the quake .
Donation tracking Mr Clinton also said his UN special envoy website would allow donors to track where donations where being used .
" It is the beginning of a transparency process that worked so well in the tsunami area that enabled us to build back better .
You have a right to hold me accountable for this and to hold our system accountable . "
UN humanitarian chief John Holmes said help for Haiti required long - term effort for reconstruction .
" To meet the needs of the people of Haiti will require more of the generous global support that we have seen so far . "
Mr Holmes took part in the appeal launch after details on an e-mail he had written criticising the performance of aid agencies in Haiti was leaked to the press .
Bill Clinton said he would be accountable for donations
In the e-mail , Mr Holmes wrote that while a lot had been achieved , much of their efforts had been poorly co-ordinated and resourced , weakening confidence in the agencies ' ability to deliver help .
He said major humanitarian needs had not been met , particularly in relation to shelter and sanitation .
He said on Thursday that the e-mail was making a " rather technical point " to UN agencies .
" What I was trying to say is there 's still a huge amount to do .
We need to have the proper cluster co-ordination resources to do that which will go well beyond what are needed in any ordinary disaster . "
Coming rains
With the rainy season beginning , the UN's top official in Haiti , Edmond Mulet , speaking in Spain , urged countries to rush tents to Haiti .
" We need latrines , we need field tents , we need plastic sheets so that people can cover themselves , " he said .
" The rains are coming .
I do n't think we are going to be able to shelter all these people in time , " he warned .
He was speaking after Haiti aid talks with EU and US officials in Spain .
Heavy rain fell on Thursday in Haiti , forcing many people to scramble for shelter .
Homeless quake victims are still sheltering in makeshift camps scattered across the ruined capital .
Sanitation is a major problem , with aid workers warning of the threat of disease spreading .
Spain , the current holder of the EU presidency , says the homeless Haitians must be relocated as soon as possible .
The talks in La Granja , near the Spanish town of Segovia , were aimed at better co-ordinating the aid effort by the EU , UN and US .
The UN said its earlier its appeal for $ 576 m ( £ 366 m ; 420 m euros ) in emergency funding for Haiti had now been 95 % met .
The EU's aid for Haiti , including planned pledges , totals nearly 309 m euros , of which 120 m euros is European Commission money .
On a visit to Haiti on Wednesday the French President , Nicolas Sarkozy , pledged 270 m euros in reconstruction aid for the former French colony .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ANN ARBOR , Mich . --
Smokers often say that smoking a cigarette helpsthem concentrate and feel more alert .
But years of tobacco use may havethe opposite effect , dimming the speed and accuracy of a person ' sthinking ability and bringing down their IQ , according to a new studyled by University of Michigan researchers .
The association between long - term smoking and diminished mentalproficiency in 172 alcoholic and non-alcoholic men was a surprisingfinding from a study that set out to examine alcoholism 's long - termeffect on the brain and thinking skills .
While the researchers confirmed previous findings that alcoholism isassociated with thinking problems and lower IQ , their analysis alsorevealed that long - term smoking is too .
The effect on memory , problem - solving and IQ was most pronounced among those who had smokedfor years .
Among the alcoholic men , smoking was associated withdiminished thinking ability even after alcohol and drug use wereaccounted for .
The findings are the first to suggest a direct relationship betweensmoking and neurocognitive function among men with alcoholism .
And , theresults suggest that smoking is associated with diminished thinkingability even among men without alcohol problems .
The new findings , released online before publication by thejournal Drug and Alcohol Dependence , were made by a team from the U - MMedical School 's Addiction Research Center , or UMARC , and theircolleagues at the VA Ann Arbor Healthcare System and Michigan StateUniversity .
Lead author Jennifer Glass , Ph.D. , a research assistant professor inthe U - M Department of Psychiatry , cautions that the findings need to beduplicated by other studies before any conclusions are made aboutsmoking 's effect on the brain , or before the findings can be consideredrelevant to women .
But , she says , the findings should prompt alcoholism researchers tore - examine their data for any impact from smoking -- a factor that is not usually taken into account in studies of alcoholism 's effects onthe brain , despite the fact that 50 percent to 80 percent of alcoholicssmoke .
Meanwhile , the U - M - led team is launching a study that willexamine the issue in adolescents , and plans to test the 172 men againsoon .
advertisement
" We can't say that we 've found a cause - and - effect relationshipbetween smoking and decreased thinking ability , or neurocognitiveproficiency , " says Glass .
" But we hope our findings of an associationwill lead to further examination of this important issue .
Perhaps itwill help give smokers one more reason to quit , and encourage quittingsmoking among those who are also trying to control their drinking . "
Many alcoholism - recovery programs do n't emphasize quitting smoking , even though smoking can be a social and possibly chemical " cue " associated with alcohol consumption .
Glass notes that her team 's paper is being published , coincidentally , at the same time as a paper from a team at the University ofCalifornia , San Francisco , in which brain scans showed that alcoholicswho smoke have lower brain volume than alcoholics who do n't smoke , andthat cognitive function decreases with brain volume among non-smokingalcoholics , but not smoking alcoholics .
Taken together with previous epidemiological studies , the two newpapers feed a growing body of evidence for a link between long - termsmoking and thinking ability , says Robert Zucker , Ph.D. , professor of Psychology in the U - M Departments of Psychiatry and Psychology , anddirector of the UMARC .
Zucker is senior author on the new paper led byGlass .
" The exact mechanism for smoking 's impact on the brain 's higherfunctions is still unclear , but may involve both neurochemical effectsand damage to the blood vessels that supply the brain , " Zucker says .
" This is consistent with other findings that people with cardiovasculardisease and lung disease tend to have reduced neurocognitive function . "
advertisement
The data for the new paper by Glass , Zucker and their colleagues at U - Mand Michigan State University , come from an ongoing longitudinal , orlong - term , project that uses interviews and standardized researchquestionnaires to look at mental and physical health issues infamilies , measured every three years .
The study , which has run for more than fifteen years and recently wasfunded for another five , is supported by the National Institute of Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse , part of the National Institutes of Health .
The new work that will explore these relationships further inyouth is being funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse , also apart of the NIH .
In their ninth year in the study , participants completed the MicroCogAssessment of Cognitive Function , a well - established standard batteryof tests that assess short - term memory , immediate and delayed storyrecall , verbal analogies , mathematical reasoning and visual - spatialprocessing .
Scores for each test , and a global proficiency score , are based on thespeed and accuracy of a person 's responses , adjusted for age andeducation level .
The participants also took a short form of thestandard IQ test , and their scores were adjusted for age .
Forty of the men had clinically diagnosable alcoholism at the time ofthe test , though none had been drinking within an hour of the tests .
Twenty - four of these men also were smokers .
The study also included 63 men who had had alcoholism earlier in life , 29 of whom smoked ; and 69 men who had never been alcoholic , 13 of whom smoked .
All smokers wereallowed to smoke at will during the testing session , so none were in anicotine - deprived state when they took the neurocognitive tests .
Glass and her colleagues analyzed the participants ' scores using twostandard measures of long - term drinking and smoking behavior : lifetimealcohol problem severity , or LAPS , and pack - years , a measure that takesinto account the number of packs of cigarettes a person smoked each dayand the number of years they smoked that much .
Across the board , both smoking and drinking showed an effect : Higherpack - years and LAPS scores were both significantly associated withlower global cognitive proficiency scores and IQ .
When the researchers limited the analysis to those participants who hadever had a diagnosis of alcoholism during their lifetime , they stillfound a significant association between LAPS scores and IQ , and betweenpack - years and both IQ and overall cognitive proficiency .
In fact , theimpact of heavy lifetime smoking history was greater than the effect oflifetime drinking history .
This finding , Glass says , means that alcoholism researchers who haveconsistently found evidence of cognitive deficits among alcoholics -- but who have not taken smoking into account in their analysis -- mayactually be seeing a combined effect of smoking and alcohol consumptionamong alcoholic study participants who smoke .
Further analyses of thesedata , with smoking separated out as a variable just as hard drug use isoften separated , is needed , she says .
###
Glass , who also holds positions in the U - M's Institute for SocialResearch and Chronic Pain & Fatigue Research Center , co-authoredthe paper with Zucker , and with Kenneth Adams , Ph.D. , a professor ofpsychology in psychiatry at U - M and chief of the psychology service atVAAAHCS ; Maria Wong , Anne Buu , Jennifer Jester and Leon Puttler ofUMARC ; and Joel Nigg and Hiram Fitzgerald of MSU .
Reference : Drug and Alcohol Dependence , online at doi:10.1016/j.drugalcdep.2005.08.013 .
When I first read Le Monde puzzle this weekend , I though it was even less exciting than the previous one : find
and ,
such that
is a multiple of .
The solution is obtained by brute - force checking through an R program :
and then the a next solution is ( with several values for N ) .
However , while waiting in the plane to Edinburgh , I thought more about it and found that the problem can be solved with paper and pencil .
It goes like this .
There exists an integer
such that
Hence , solving the second degree equation ,
which implies that
is one of the integral factors of .
If we write
with
we get
and thus
.
We thus deduce that is an integer , meaning that and thus that is an integer factor of .
This obviously restricts the choice of , especially when considering that implies .
Furthermore , the solutions to the second degree equations are then given by
.
The conclusion is thus that any which can be divided by a squared integer larger than or equal to provides a solution .
Now , if we look at the decomposition of
,
,
,
,
,
,
,
we see ( without any R programming ) that is the smallest solution ( in ) . is the smallest solution with a possible solution in ( being another one ) .
Which makes ( at least ) for a more bearable diversion in the plane …
An approach avoiding the second degree equation is to notice that implies that and share a largest common divider , i.e .
which implies
,
thus that divides ( because both other terms are prime with ) .
Eliminating dividers common to and actually leads to , hence to the same conclusion as before .
" The euro will probably break up in the next 15 to 20 years , " Rogers said in an interview .
" Do n't get me wrong , I own the euro . "
" We 've had currency unions in history , they did n't survive , this one wo n't survive either , " he explained .
The euro has been under pressure because of Greece 's sovereign debt concerns .
But European Union finance ministers agreed to bail out Greece if it will need aid because of its growing public debt , which is forecast to exceed 120 percent of gross domestic product this year .
" If ( the euro zone helps ) the Greeks , that weakens the fundamentals of the euro , " Rogers warned .
" As the next government comes to demand concessions , they weaken the currency from within . "
" I would let Greece go bankrupt because then everybody will say the euro is a serious currency , " he told " Worldwide Exchange . "
The UK pound 's problems will be caused by Britain 's " gigantic debt and huge trade deficit , " he said , adding that he does n't own sterling .
The country 's two fortunes – North Sea oil and London 's place as a financial hub – are dwindling and there is nothing on the horizon to replace them .
" Most Western currencies , most currencies everywhere are very suspect , " Rogers told " Worldwide Exchange . "
As the production of knowledge and information increasingly becomes the guiding force of capitalist expansion , legal structures transform to accommodate the consolidation of wealth and power in the hands of already powerful actors .
Consequently , the digital terrain of cyberspace becomes a space of contestation in which , on the one hand amateurs , artists , and students of digital technologies develop new tools to share and distribute knowledge , and on the other , actors of capitalist governance such as the WTO , MPAA , RIAA struggle to enclose these spontaneous activities within certain legal limits .
Social cooperation and production of our material and immaterial world - including production of science and technology – is rejected within a system that assumes the individual to be the main source of creativity .
In order to establish the capitalist hegemony within the new matrix of knowledge , production , and power , states and international organizations that foster neo-liberal economic structuring push for legal actions against individuals and nation - states alike .
The recent example of The Pirate Bay , although not unprecedented , can be treated as a microcosm that reflects the challenges posed to the capitalist system by a generalized piracy .
On April 17th 2009 , the founders of The Pirate Bay , one of the largest online file - sharing databases , were sentenced to one year in prison and substantial fines for copyright infringement .
On their website , the outspoken , self - declared pirates announced the news in an unsurprised tone and informed users that they would not retreat from their position : “ The site will live on !
We are more determined than ever that what we do is right .
Millions of users are a good proof of that . ”
Indeed ,
The Pirate Bay is more than just a torrent search website , more than a movement , even more than “ a long running art project ” of performance , as its founders have claimed .
Instead , it is a symptom of the inherent contradictions embedded within capitalist society .
The proposition that digital piracy might in fact be a righteous act can lead us to the core of the problem with the structure of the command imposed by the capitalist system today .
In order to counter the logic so adamantly protected by organizations like the MPAA that piracy is “ simply theft , ” or , in other words , to de-mystify the neo-liberal ideology , one can only demonstrate the reality of the material processes of production .
On the other hand , we need to investigate digital piracy with extreme caution in order to avoid romanticizing digital pirates or hackers .
The Pirate Bay ’s recent involvement in the civilian protest against the outcome of the 2009 Iranian elections , or their assistance to an anonymous website that criticizes the anti-internet stance of Scientology , should not make us assume that we are faced with high - tech democracy warriors .
One of the founders of the website , whose financial support is crucial , is allegedly a neo -nazi .
For those of us who have been following the discussions and lawsuits surrounding The Pirate Bay , this does not come as a surprise .
Indeed , the initial mobilization against the F.B.I. backed police raid to the headquarters of the website has been framed around the question of Swedish autonomy and freedom with all the connotations of national pride .
Yet , the significance of digital piracy and intellectual property rights in understanding the contemporary capitalist structure does not permit us to dismiss The Pirate Bay affair neither as a front for neo -nazi propaganda nor as a manifestation of youth subculture .
We are encountering a pervasive mobilization based on the discontent of global capitalist governance .
In Sweden , The Pirate Party has gained a seat in the parliament , paving the way for other pirate parties in Europe .
Jonathon
Than of the UK Pirate Party expresses his surprise in an interview with Time Magazine :
We had expected to see 18 - year - old computer science students as the first arrivals , but look at our forum and you ’ll see a chartered accountant , a retired policeman , and a middle - aged punk all pulling in the same direction .
A month ago getting our name on a ballot paper was a daunting task , today it ’s an inevitability .
Moreover , digital piracy cannot but be thought in relation to the surge in the piracy “ threat ” that concerns the global capitalist governance .
The question is : How does neo-liberal capitalism give rise to piracy ?
Here , I am not only talking about the Somalian pirates who captured the limelight in the majority of 2009 , but also about the recent history of the WTO and its TRIPS ( Trade - Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights )
Agreement as well as the MPAA ( Motion Picture Association of America ) and the RIAA ’s ( Recording Industry Association of America ) billion - dollar crusade against copyright infringement .
Apparently , we should treat online piracy as part of a larger phenomenon endemic to the capitalist system , as a specter that haunts global capitalism .
On the TRIPS website , the WTO puts forth the reasons why intellectual property is crucial in 21st century ;
Ideas and knowledge are an increasingly important part of trade .
Most of the value of new medicines and other high technology products lies in the amount of invention , innovation , research , design and testing involved .
Films , music recordings , books , computer software and on - line services are bought and sold because of the information and creativity they contain , not usually because of the plastic , metal or paper used to make them .
To use a different terminology , contemporary capitalism is driven by “ immaterial labor , ” the labor that is based on knowledge production , including research , design , and services .
Maurizio Lazzarato defines immaterial labor as “ the labor that produces the informational and cultural content of the commodity . ”
The distinction between mental and manual labor is eradicated through the development of communication and information technologies that require the dissemination of knowledge and skill .
However , in the current global division of labor , material labor is concentrated on the areas of cheap labor costs , leaving the Western world in charge of the production of knowledge .
The TRIPS agreement is an important landmark in the structuring of the global division of labor and the assertion of the power of advanced capitalist countries .
Recent global struggle against the pharmaceutical monopoly on HIV / AIDS drugs is a proof that the TRIPS , instead of protecting human rights and creativity , is “ a triumph for commercial interests and industry lobbyists ( which ) institutionalized a conception of intellectual property based on protection and exclusion . ”
In 2003 , after years of negotiations monitored by the WTO , Brazil became the second country after Thailand to authorize the import of the generic version of HIV / AIDS drugs much to the success of the mobilization of Human Rights organizations .
The history of the intellectual property related to pharmaceutical production demonstrates that the issue is not as simple as “ illegal downloading ” and has far - reaching consequences .
If , as the WTO states , ideas and knowledge are at the center of 21st century trade and production , then contemporary enclosures take place not only around physical resources like land and water , but also at the immaterial level of the “ intellect . ”
One aspect of the Somalian piracy that the media ( who is more comfortable portraying pirates as young thugs with guns ) ignores is the knowledge and skill that enables the high - tech operations of the pirates .
In fact , the experts say that pirate groups are made up of three different types of individuals , all requiring a specific knowledge necessary for capturing the ships : Ex-fisherman “ who are considered the brains of the operation ” because of their knowledge of the sea , ex-militiamen “ who are considered the muscle , ” experienced fighters of the Somali clan warlords , and the technical experts “ who are the computer geeks , ” because of their expertise in satellite phones , GPS , and military hardware .
The skill and expertise of the pirates , both on the oceans and on the web , should indicate that , despite all the attempts of the WTO to monopolize its production and use , there is a free circulation of knowledge .
“ Mass intellectuality , ” arises as an antagonistic force to the same Post - Fordist production scheme that gave birth to it in the first place .
At the heart of the problem of intellectual property lies precisely this paradox : as capital expands into immaterial spheres of knowledge production and circulation , the commanding structure has to limit its movement through trade agreements and constitutional enforcements .
Well - before the WTO realized the importance of the “ immaterial part of the trade , ” Marx pointed out the intrinsic tendency of capitalist expansion into the intellectual sphere .
The term “ general intellect , ” introduced in Marx ’s Grundrisse posits that social cooperation and production are at the heart of the development of science , technology , ideas , and in general our cultural and symbolic universe .
However , in order to fully grasp the political implication of the concept of general intellect , we need to refer to another premise crucial to Marx ’s framework : that of the “ social individual . ”
The mystified conception of individual genius , upheld by the neo-liberal juridical system that codifies intellectual property , can only be countered with reference to the essential sociality that defines individuals .
In the 1844 Paris Manuscripts , Marx asserts , “ It is above all necessary to avoid once more establishing ’ society ’ as an abstraction over and against the individual .
The individual is the social being . ”
The same claim is also presented in Theses on Feuerbach when Marx states that the human essence is not an abstraction inherent in each single individual , but an ensemble of social relations .
However , it seems that the most influential instance of Marx ’s critique of the bourgeois economist ’s idea of the individual comes from the notorious first chapter of Capital where Marx ridicules the myth of Robinson Crusoe – the idea of the self - sufficient individual .
But the myth of individualism is so essential to the functioning of the system that in 1970s , the celebration of the individual comes back with a vengeance in Margaret Thatcher ’s insistence that there is no such thing as society , but only individuals .
Indeed , neo-liberal ideology is based on this concept of the individual as over and against the society .
The legal protection of intellectual property mobilizes this concept of the solitary individual , who is seen as the source of production and creativity .
It is stated in the TRIPS website that “ Intellectual property rights are the rights given to persons over the creations of their minds .
They usually give the creator an exclusive right over the use of his / her creation for a certain period of time . ”
Other leading lobbyists for exclusivity of the use of cultural production , like the MPAA and the RIAA , also appeal to the ideas of creativity , talent and genius to justify their vicious crusade .
For example , Republican Senator Orrin Hatch , who spoke at 2009 World Copyright Summit , stated “ We must ensure that our songwriters are not placed in situations where their property rights are ignored by infringers . ”
One government - backed research project conducted in the U.S. maintains that limited access is an imperative for securing the “ constitutional intent of promoting the progress of science and the useful arts . ”
In other words , private ownership of intellectual property is seen as essential for progress .
In fact , RIAAs lawsuits against individuals are clear proof of how falsified neo-liberal ideology is .
Their inability to comprehend the spontaneous growth of technologies that evade legal structure as well as the generalized social nature of online piracy led the prosecutors to waste their precious time on individuals guilty of copyright infringement .
Now the RIAA announces , “ In light of new opportunities to deter copyright infringement , the record industry was able to discontinue its broad - based end user litigation program . ”
Obviously the web became a much more controlled space as record companies saw profit to be made from legal downloading .
Yet , the danger for them still lurks at the most surprising locations :
At the 2009 World Copyright Summit Sen .
Hatch announced , “ This year , it was particularly disappointing to see that Canada , one of America ’s closest trading partners , was listed on the Watch List . ”
Now Canada is listed among the top five countries on the Watch List along with China , Russia , Mexico , and Spain .
In this context of generalized piracy the concept of “ general intellect ” becomes more transparent .
In a passage that begins with the phrase “ Nature builds no machines , ” Marx introduces the concept :
These are products of human industry , natural material transformed into organs of the human will over nature , or of human participation in nature .
They are organs of the human brain , created by the human hands ; the power of knowledge objectified [...]
The development of fixed capital indicates to what degree general social knowledge has become a direct force of production , and to what degree , hence , the conditions of the process of social life itself have come under the control of the general intellect .
Here , Marx is concerned with the extent to which fixed capital ( as machinery ) confronts labor power as an alien power .
That “ living , form - giving fire ” becomes dispossessed when “ the monstrous objective power which social labor itself erected opposite itself as one of its moments belong not to the worker , but to the personified conditions of production , i.e. to capital . ”
Indeed , advanced capitalist states and their trade organizations serve to guarantee this ownership of the products of social labor by capital .
This is why the issue of piracy and intellectual property manifests itself as a crisis in the juridico - political structure .
However , the keyword here is crisis .
The crisis that piracy makes visible is the antagonistic power of what Marx saw as the effect of subsumption of labor power by capital ( i.e. alienation , dispossession ) .
Socially accumulated knowledge , skill and technical power confronts the current legal structure , revealing once again that the political structure based upon the materiality of the general intellect “ is in no way interstitial , marginal or residual ; rather , it is the concrete appropriation and re-articulation of the knowledge / power unity which has congealed within the administrative modern machine of the States . ”
This is another moment of crisis in the history of capitalism where the legal system of the state intervenes to enclose what is common .
The defiance exhibited by the digital pirates of The Pirate Bay , among others , is an expression of a resistance to the enclosure of the intellect .
While offering their users merchandise with the logo of The Pirate Bay and disguising themselves under a democratic front , these pirates present the contradictions embedded in contemporary capitalism .
The claim of righteousness of digital piracy needs to be taken seriously because today , thanks to a previous generation of free software developers , pirates , and hackers :
Record companies have licensed hundreds of digital partners that offer a range of legal models to fans : download and subscription services , cable and satellite radio services , Internet radio webcasting , legitimate peer - to - peer services , video - on - demand , podcasts , CD kiosks and digital jukeboxes , mobile products such as ringbacks , ringtunes , wallpapers , audio and video downloads and more .
The reluctant but inevitable commercialization of cyber space has taken its cue from the spontaneous creation and innovation of masses .
After all , it is the driving tendency of capital to expand , for as Antonio Negri writes , “ capital appears as a force of expansion , as production and reproduction , and always as command .
Valorization is a continuous and totalitarian process , it knows neither limit nor repose . ”
However we now have to acknowledge that valorization functions in a contradictory way :
As a constant reduction of everything to exchange value and as valorization of the social individual .
Individuals and companies cannot claim exclusive rights of innovation as the production of ideas and knowledge is always social .
In his dramatic representation of the dissemination of scientific knowledge and its social consequences , Brecht declares from Galileo ’s mouth that , ” there is no scientific work that can only be written by one particular man . ”
Cooperation is at the heart of society and labor , which now includes what has been regarded as unproductive labor or even nonwork .
And the more the general social knowledge becomes a force in production , the more of a threat it becomes to the system .
The recent surge of “ piracy ” and the virtual “ commons ” is not accidental .
Now , there is a certain awareness of the dangerous scope of 21st century enclosures that attempt to confine production , circulation , and distribution of information and knowledge .
Just like the 15th century enclosure acts that turned people into “ free ” workers , 21st century enclosures imposed by a variety of different lobby groups and organizations attempt to put fences around the digital commons .
The juridical apparatus of the system functions to defend the present from the future .
However , the logic of the state , of capital , has always been countered by another logic of resistance and it seems , at least for now , that the digital terrain is not as smooth as the lawmakers would like .
The family of a Houston woman whose car sped through a stop sign and smashed into a cement wall , killing her on impact a week before Christmas , filed what is likely the third acceleration - related wrongful death lawsuit against Toyota in the nation Monday .
Trina Renee Harris , a 34 - year - old mother of two , died on impact when her 2009 Toyota Corolla slammed into an East Hardy Toll Road cement divider at Barry , leaving no skid marks , Houston police reported .
Her husband , Michael Harris , filed a lawsuit Monday against Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. , gas pedal maker CTS Corp. and Fred Haas Toyota World , which leased her the car .
Lawyers involved in the lawsuit said it 's likely the third such case filed in response to acceleration problems that prompted Toyota to recall millions of vehicles and halt some production .
“ I want those who were negligent to be held responsible .
This problem was there before Dec. 18 when she died , ” Michael Harris said .
The U.S. Navy petty officer first class had recently completed a stint on an aircraft carrier in the Middle East and was in San Diego when he learned of his wife 's death .
He returned to Houston , where the family opened Christmas gifts Trina Harris had bought .
“ I have a whirlwind of emotions .
I 'm extremely angry for my children .
She wo n't be there for the prom .
When they get married , she wo n't be there , ” Harris said in an interview at the offices of his Houston attorneys , Ken and Judy Mingledorff .
‘ Mama Trina '
The man , who met the love of his life as they giggled during driver 's education at Forest Brook High School , said her death was avoidable .
“ If there 's a problem , you do n't put it off , ” he said .
“ This is about people 's lives .
Money should not outweigh people 's lives . ”
His wife worked in a school cafeteria so she would be home by the time her teenage girls got there , Harris said .
“ She was just Mama Trina and everyone knew they had a place to sleep or a meal if they needed it when she was around . ”
Harris said he finds himself dialing his wife 's cell phone to tell her about his day .
Toyota issued a voluntary recall related to floor mats and the accelerators in some 3.8 million vehicles in November .
Last month it recalled 2.3 million cars , including many 2009 Carollas , to fix a mechanical problem with the accelerators .
Toyota issued a voluntary recall related to floor mats and the accelerators in some 3.8 million vehicles in November .
Last month it recalled 2.3 million cars , including many 2009 Carollas , to fix a mechanical problem with the accelerators .
Harris said the crash did n't make sense to him and he recalled his wife saying the leased car 's accelerator sometimes seemed to move on its own .
He went to the accident scene and then called Toyota before the January recall to tell them there was something wrong .
He said he never heard back from Toyota .
But when he heard about the latest recall , he sought out the lawyers and sued , asking for $ 200 million in actual and punitive damages for what he alleged is gross negligence .
“ Toyota is building death traps and they know it and they need to stop it , ” said lawyer Ken Mingledorff .
No comment
A Toyota spokeswoman said Monday that the company would not comment on pending litigation .
A manager at Fred Haas said they have not yet seen the lawsuit and calls to CST Corp. were not returned .
Other wrongful death lawsuits against Toyota have been filed in Michigan and California .
The California lawsuit seeks compensation for the loss of a state trooper and family members whose August 2009 crash can be heard on tapes of his 911 call saying his Lexus was going 120 mph and he could n't stop it .
The Michigan lawsuit was filed by the surviving family of a woman whose Camry missed her regular turn and careened at 80 mph down a street while she tried to pump the brakes until the car hit a tree in 2008 .
Her Camry was not listed among the recalls , however .
mary.flood@chron.com
Enlarge By Jonathan Ernst , Getty Images House Speaker Nancy Pelosi talks with reporters after a news conference discussing health care on Friday .
Pelosi is leading negotiations in her chamber to combine three House bills into one .
LIVING WITHOUT COVERAGE LIVING WITHOUT COVERAGE
Readers that say they lack health insurance share their stories .
I am 33 - years - old , single and uninsured .
I was laid off from my public relations firm in February , after the company I was working for lost several clients .
I was informed by Human Resources I could use the Cobra option with Blue Cross to keep my health insurance .
However , that was a no - go when Blue Cross cancelled my insurance telling me , a week later .
...
Unfortunately , I know my situation is not uncommon .
- A. Hergen
After almost 50 years with Blue Cross / Blue Shield under a small group policy we lost our coverage .
My wife has Lopus and I had 3 heart attacks -- not a profitable risk .
- J. Homer
( I 've been ) uninsured for two years .
This is n't just happening to poor and / or uneducated people .
It is happening to middle income people -- by the MILLIONS .
- A. Mitchell , Dallas , Texas
For the last year or so I have gone with out health insurance and let me tell you something Life Sucks with out health insurance .
I only work part time and I 'm ineligible for insurance because of hours .
I live , work , and go to school in Southern California .
- Danny B .
I am a full - time employee making 48 K and cannot afford healthcare due to " pre-existing " conditions .
- R. Lim , Santa Monica , Calif .
WASHINGTON 
The high cost of health insurance premiums would continue to put coverage out of reach for millions even if Congress approves legislation President Obama says is intended to ensure " that every American has affordable health care . "
The number of people who remain uninsured will depend on how House and Senate leaders reconcile separate versions of health care legislation to arrive at a final bill .
The factors include the size of government subsidies to help low - income families pay for insurance and the scope of penalties that would be charged for those who do n't buy a plan .
SCHUMER : Public health option nears 60 - vote mark in Senate POLL : Americans skittish over health changes CLOSER LOOK : Five faces of the uninsured " A lot of this really depends on affordability , " said Diane Rowland , executive vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation .
" As they put these bills together , one question is , ' Are the subsidies ... going to be sufficient to make coverage affordable ? ' "
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates 17 million Americans would remain uninsured under the Senate Finance Committee 's 10 - year , $ 829 billion health care bill .
Health experts such as Rowland say that number would include families who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but not enough to pay for insurance .
Others who could remain uninsured under the Finance Committee bill include people who choose to pay a proposed $ 750 - a- year fine rather than buy coverage and those who are eligible for Medicaid but do n't enroll .
MORE : White House pushes to shape bill INDUSTRY : Health care groups lobby at record pace Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , is working behind the scenes to merge the Finance Committee bill with one passed in July by the Senate health committee .
The Finance Committee 's bill would expand coverage to 29 million Americans who would n't otherwise have it , ensuring that 94 % of U.S. residents are covered , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
An early analysis found that a proposal being developed in the House would cover an additional 6 million to 7 million people , said Brendan Daly , a spokesman for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif .
The speaker is leading negotiations in her chamber to combine three House bills into one .
Details of the House and Senate proposals are evolving .
Lawmakers , including Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D - Mont. , have said that no matter how the legislation is crafted , not everyone will have coverage .
Those who could remain uninsured include : • Those who ca n't afford it .
All of the health care bills would mandate that individuals have health insurance and would provide subsidies to help low - income families pay for premiums .
The Finance Committee bill would allow people to opt out of buying coverage if the lowest - cost plan available equals 8 % or more of their income after subsidies .
A Center on Budget and Policy Priorities study estimates a family of three earning $ 27,465 a year would pay 4.5 % of its income for insurance under the Finance panel 's bill , more than four times the amount the same family would pay under the health committee 's bill .
" A family ... at that level is stretching it every day to make ends meet , " said Judith Solomon , a senior fellow at the center .
• Individuals and families who choose to pay a penalty instead of buying insurance .
The Congressional Budget Office has not said how many people it believes would make the decision , but it estimates the government would collect $ 900 million in penalties in 2016 .
About 48 % of those penalties would come from people earning between 100 % and 300 % of poverty , or between $ 18,310 and $ 54,930 for a family of three , according to the budget agency .
About 29 % of the money would come from people earning more than five times the poverty line .
• People who are eligible for Medicaid and other programs but do not enroll .
Marc Cohan , director of litigation for the National Center for Law and Economic Justice , said one reason eligible people do not apply is because of the bureaucracy involved .
" A lot of people ultimately throw up their hands in despair and walk away , " he said .
Sen. Jim Bunning , R - Ky. , criticized the Finance Committee 's bill this month for adding " hundreds of billions of dollars more in new taxes ... and yet 25 million people will still remain uninsured . "
The number includes 8 million illegal immigrants who would not be covered under any of the bills in Congress .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
" I had an upset stomach while I was playing cards but did not want to fart there .
So I went over to the guards instead , " the 21 - year - old convict told the prison authorities .
" The new style of Ubuntu is driven by the theme " Light " .
We 've developed a comprehensive set of visual guidelines and treatments that reflect that style , and are updating key assets like the logo accordingly .
The new theme takes effect in 10.04 LTS and will define our look and feel for several years . "
How to tell if a girl likes you ?
There ’s no single way to do this , but there are signs that you can keep an eye …
Click to viewAnyone who 's followed the recent political resurgence of comedian Victoria Jackson knows she 's lost her mind .
Steve Doocy and the Fox bookers have apparently not followed the recent political resurgence of comedian Victoria Jackson .
Robert Reich is not very encouraged by the fact that global companies , Wall Street , and the wealthy appear to be doing better :
Recovery depends on Main Street , by Robert Reich , Commentary , Financial Times : Can the American economy recover if only its big global companies , Wall Street and high - income Americans are doing better , but its small businesses and middle and lower - income Americans are not ?
The short answer is no .
...
US companies have lots of cash ...
But this cash is not going into new investment .
...
None of this is stopping supply - side fanatics from arguing government needs to cut taxes on big corporations to spur the recovery .
Their argument is absurd .
Big companies do not know what to do with all the cash they have as it is .
They are not investing it in new plant or jobs .
So why should the government cut their taxes and enlarge their cash hoards even more ?
The picture on Main Street is the opposite .
Small businesses are not selling much as they have to rely on American consumers and Americans still are not buying much .
Small businesses are also finding it hard to get credit .
...
While big companies are finding it easy to borrow in the bond markets , smaller companies depend on bank credit , whose supply remains limited .
...
This is a problem because companies with fewer than 100 employees accounted for almost half of net job growth during the last two recoveries ...
Unemployment or fear of it continues to haunt the population .
That is a major reason why consumer confidence is still dropping .
There is also the extra need to save as boomers face retirement .
Given all this , it is sensible for Americans to continue holding back from the malls , but this means a painfully slow recovery .
...
The economy shows signs of improvement largely because the government is spending huge sums and the Fed is essentially printing even more money .
But where will demand come from when the stimulus is over and the Fed tightens ?
That question hangs over the economy like a dense cloud .
Until there is an answer , a sustainable recovery for any other than America 's largest corporations , Wall Street and the wealthy is a mirage .
I think it 's an open question as to whether we are headed for a self - sustaining recovery , or whether we stay at the bottom of the valley for awhile waiting for the economy to take - off .
With unemployment as high as it is , with labor markets as weak as they are , and with Congress seeming to forget about the unemployed as it pats itself on the back ( or hurls insults ) over health care reform and moves onto financial reform , it 's fairly certain that labor markets will remain weak -- weaker than they would be if Congress would give them the attention they deserve -- for some time to come .
An international team led by Yale University has , for the first time , measured the mass of a type of supernova thought to belong to a unique subclass and confirmed that it surpasses what was believed to be an upper mass limit .
Their findings , which appear online and will be published in an upcoming issue of the Astrophysical Journal , could affect the way cosmologists measure the expansion of the universe .
Cosmologists use Type Ia supernovae -- the violent explosions of dead cores of stars called white dwarfs -- as a kind of cosmic ruler to measure distances to the supernovae 's host galaxies and , as such , to understand the past and future expansion of the universe and explore the nature of dark energy .
Until recently , it was thought that white dwarfs could not exceed what is known as the Chandrasekhar limit , a critical mass equaling about 1.4 times that of the Sun , before exploding in a supernova .
This uniform limit is a key tool in measuring distances to supernovae .
Since 2003 , four supernovae have been discovered that were so bright , cosmologists wondered whether their white dwarfs had surpassed the Chandrasekhar limit .
These supernovae have been dubbed the " super - Chandrasekhar " supernovae .
Now Richard Scalzo of Yale , as part of a collaboration of American and French physicists called the Nearby Supernova Factory , has measured the mass of the white dwarf star that resulted in one of these rare supernovae , called SN 2007if , and confirmed that it exceeded the Chandrasekhar limit .
They also discovered that the unusually bright supernova had not only a central mass , but a shell of material that was ejected during the explosion as well as a surrounding envelope of pre-existing material .
The team hopes this discovery will provide a structural model with which to understand the other supermassive supernovae .
Using observations from telescopes in Chile , Hawaii and California , the team was able to measure the mass of the central star , the shell and the envelope individually , providing the first conclusive evidence that the star system itself did indeed surpass the Chandrasekhar limit .
They found that the star itself appears to have had a mass of 2.1 times the mass of the Sun ( plus or minus 10 percent ) , putting it well above the limit .
Being able to measure masses for all parts of the star system tells the physicists about how the system may have evolved -- a process that is currently poorly understood .
" We do n't really know much about the stars that lead to these supernovae , " Scalzo said .
" We want to know more about what kind of stars they were , and how they formed and evolved over time . "
Scalzo believes there 's a good chance that SN 2007if resulted from the merging of two white dwarfs , rather than the explosion of a single white dwarf and hopes to study the other super - Chandrasekhar supernovae to determine whether they , too , could have involved a merger of two white dwarfs .
Theorists continue to explore how stars with masses above the Chandrasekhar limit , which is based on a simplified star model , could exist without collapsing under their own weight .
Either way , a subclass of supernovae governed by different physics could have a dramatic effect on the way cosmologists use them to measure the expansion of the universe .
" Supernovae are being used to make statements about the fate of the universe and our theory of gravity , " Scalzo said .
" If our understanding of supernovae changes , it could significantly impact of our theories and predictions . "
Other Yale authors of the paper include Charles Baltay and David Rabinowitz .
Island Tango
To the rest of the world , the Falklands War may have seemed like a bizarre blip on the geopolitical radar screen .
But in the Falklands ( known to Argentina as " Las Islas Malvinas " ) , the 74 - day conflict is remembered rather differently .
It started on April 2 , 1982 , when more than 1,000 Argentine special forces landed near the capital city of Stanley , and it ended 10 weeks later when Argentina surrendered after a massive British naval task force left 649 Argentine soldiers dead .
Families in both Stanley and outlying farm settlements remember that they were herded like sheep by invading Argentine forces and imprisoned in their own homes for weeks .
If a settlement was n’t invaded , the Argentines simply cut off all communication and supplies .
Such memories are why Falkland Islanders still are n’t very fond of the " Bloody Argies " and are less than thrilled to be back in the news , this time over an oil controversy with their former invaders .
In the past month , British exploration companies have resumed oil - drilling operations in the North Falklands Basin , where Shell estimates there may be up to 60 billion barrels of hydrocarbon deposits .
( The statistic comes with a caveat : " The Falklands is a frontier area with no supporting oil industry nearby , so planning and executing drilling programs takes time , " says Phyl Rendell , director of mineral resources for the Falkland Islands .
" It took Newfoundland 30 years before they found commercial hydrocarbons . " )
Yet even these first steps toward oil extraction by British companies have brought back into the headlines a long - standing dispute about sovereignty over the island .
The issue dates back to the early 19th century , when Argentina claimed sovereignty over the archipelago .
In 1833 , the British , who had first established a colony in the Falklands in 1765 , reasserted their own claim and the islands have been de facto under British control ever since .
On the particular issue of offshore drilling rights , in the past 15 years there have been talks between the U.K. and Argentina regarding the oil deposits ; they just have n’t gone anywhere .
Recently , when Argentine President Cristina Kirchner , who has described the islands as " a colonial enclave and embarrassment for the 21st century , " met with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , she implored the United States to step in and mediate the oil issue " so that we can sit down at the table and discuss sovereignty . "
The fact that Argentina is still contesting the sovereignty of the islands , especially after one extremely unsuccessful invasion , does n’t sit very well with most Falkland Islanders .
Their general aversion to Argentina ’s claim may be due to the fact that only a handful of Argentines actually live in the Falklands .
Most of the islands ’ 2,478 residents are an amalgam of " sheepocracies " — i.e. , distinguished families who have owned large farms here for decades — mixed with more recent immigrants from the U.K. , the Philippines , South Africa , Chile , Australia , and other British Overseas Territories , like St. Helena ( " Twenty - three nationalities are represented in the phone book , " one proud resident told me when I visited in January 2009 on assignment for Outside magazine ) .
The islanders ’ accents vary widely , but many speak with variations on a thick brogue or with a tinge of formal , cheerful " British colonial . "
In most regards , the Falkland Islanders have life pretty good .
Aside from the 1982 war , there ’s been only one civilian murder here since the 1970s .
If residents can tolerate the occasional 60 - knot wind , most come to love these treeless , undulating islands and the pure and pragmatic way of life it offers .
Falklanders choose to live here because they want to , not because they ’ve been relegated to the outermost ends of the earth by a force outside themselves .
Take Alan Henry , a British customs agent and avid birder who took me hiking across a boggy track to find the elusive Hudsonian Godwit .
" I absolutely fell in love with the Falkland Islands from the minute I came , " he told me .
" There ’s no crime , no vandalism , no litter , and no graffiti .
We ’re healthy , we ’ve got no money worries , and have great family .
Do we miss Chinese restaurants ?
The answer is no .
Plus , the art of conversation is not dead . "
Indeed , the Falklands feels like a throwback to a pre-modern Britain , a place where Milton or Keats might feel more at home than in fast - paced 21st century London .
Today in the Falklands , the ritual of tea accompanied by fresh - out - of - the - oven shortbread is still very much alive , and kids can kick a soccer ball through downtown Stanley until midnight without their parents worrying about crime or kidnapping .
Yet that does n’t mean the Falklanders consider themselves to be fully British .
For all their flapping Union Jacks , red phone booths , and birthday celebrations for the Queen , Falkland Islanders view themselves as distinct .
" That ’s like saying Texans are Mexicans , " one local farmer told me .
" We ’re Commonwealth citizens , but we ’re not British . "
( After the 1982 conflict , the U.K. government granted full British citizenship to islanders . )
As for the other option ?
" We certainly do n’t want to be part of Argentina , " a trawler captain named Mike Clarke told me .
" I ’ve got nothing against the Argentine people , but we ’re just totally different cultures .
All the Argentines need to do is drop their claims and we ’d all be happy and friends .
But , " he adds , " it ’s not as easy as that . "
He ’s absolutely right there .
Some islanders may need prodding — they can be pretty introverted folks when it comes to talking with outsiders — but eventually almost every local over age 40 had a tale of Argentine carnage from the " dreaded war . "
The signs are still evident : Every few kilometers along the only paved road in the 740 - island archipelago , signs with a black skull and crossbones tilt in the stiff breeze .
They mark the areas where Argentine soldiers planted as many as 30,000 plastic and , therefore , highly undetectable landmines .
It ’s illegal to walk beyond the barbed wire , but it ’s not uncommon for a cow to wander in and blow up .
Out on Pebble Island , a 34 - square - mile penguin - rich speck just north of West Falkland , the wreckage from an Argentine Dagger fighter jet is splattered across a field of diddle - dee , a distinctive shrub prevalent throughout the islands .
A lone wheel lies next to a sheep carcass , which lies next to a battered jet - engine cylinder .
A few hundred yards away , a mangled piece of fuselage stenciled with the word " ARGENTINA " glimmers in the sun .
The jet crashed almost 30 years ago , but the metal carnage is so well preserved that I almost expected to trip over a human limb .
" Life was flipped completely upside down , " Allan White , a 42 - year - old fifth - generation Falkland Islander told me as we walked through the wreckage .
" These people had led very peaceful , quiet lives .
But the Argentine soldiers followed them everywhere , even to milk the cows . "
As Sarah Crofts , a British biologist who has worked in the Falklands Islands for six years , told me , " People here are really friendly .
They really like to have a yarn , " she said .
" But one thing islanders do n’t like is people coming down and telling them what to do . "
A sentiment with which local businessman Stuart Wallace , whose mother ’s family settled in the Falklands in 1842 , agrees wholeheartedly .
" While Argentina talks of ‘ negotiations , ’ in fact they will accept nothing less than their colonization of the Falklands , " he explained .
" We do not want Argentina to ever have influence over the way we choose to lead our lives .
If oil is found in commercial qualities , this will have obvious economic benefits and perhaps enhance our political security , but we still have many challenges to face . "
Oil may eventually bring economic benefits to Falklanders , but in the meantime , it does n’t seem to be doing much for their fragile " right to self - determination . "
Crimes :
Keeping the crappy Uwe Boll videogame money - machine rolling
Haplessly combining Postal ’s clumsy comedy with Alone In The Dark ’s incoherent action
Looking cheap and slapdash even for a Uwe Boll movie
Finding plenty of time for the improvisational antics of corpulent cut - up Chris Coppola
Advertisement
Defenders : Director - producer Boll , producer Shawn Williamson , associate producer Jonathan Shore , and Chance Minter , a former Boll critic and Ain’t It Cool News contributor whom Boll handily defeated in a boxing match after the eccentric filmmaker challenged his detractors to fisticuffs .
Boll then gave his former enemy an opportunity to witness filmmaking firsthand , as an intern .
Tone of the commentary : Alternately nutty , self - deprecating , bitter , and frustratingly details - oriented .
Boll , a master of audio commentaries , generally uses them to rant semi-coherently about a vast international conspiracy to sabotage his films , perpetrated by spineless studios , gutless distributors , and actors too cowardly to work with him .
But his co-commentators keep the loopy auteur relatively on message .
Advertisement
Late in the commentary , one of his interchangeable co-commentators advises , “ Do n’t go into one of your tirades . ”
Boll replies , “ Far Cry commentary is not fitting for that .
To start on how bad the market is , or how bad other directors and producers are , or how much I get cheated on the distribution system , I think this is enough on my Postal commentary .
Or Seed .
This is not the kind of movie to do this for , necessarily . ”
Still , Boll bitches and moans regularly , particularly about the stars of Alone In The Dark .
He still apparently has n’t gotten over Tara Reid not doing any nudity in Alone In The Dark , in spite of her long history as the world ’s top nip - slip proponent .
Here , he remarks bitterly , “ In Alone In The Dark we tried to be serious , and people thought it silly .
Here , I think we are on purpose silly .
It makes it more fun , a better ride .
[ Pregnant pause . ]
And we do n’t have Tara Reid .
We used only her leftover breast implant for a prosthesis . ”
Later , Boll praises star Til Schweiger for helping keep costs down by using his own German cell phone .
Boll observes of Schweiger , “ You do n’t have that ‘ Stephen Dorff playing games ’ type of stuff what we saw on Alone In The Dark , for example . ”
Advertisement
When one of his co-commentators diplomatically adds that Dorff is a pretty good actor , Boll reluctantly agrees , then adds , “ I ’m happy Stephen Dorff never made it big out here .
But it did n’t turn out so good for him .
Also not for Christian Slater , who ’s also a good actor . ”
The easily distracted Boll feeds his dogs , eats a hamburger that makes him queasy , and at one point answers his cell phone , leading to the following exchange :
Boll : My Blackberry scrawl thing is not working any more , really .
Co-commentator : I do n’t think people care , Uwe .
Boll luxuriates in his P.T. Barnum - like persona as the filmmaker whom geeks love to hate .
While contemplating a potential sequel , he jokes , “ We do a sequel .
The two options :
We do $ 20 million box - office in the U.S. and we do a real sequel , or sell 500,000 DVDs and do our typical cheap sequel .
We do shoot Dungeon Siege sequel soon in China , where we use cheap children work , cheap children labor to manufacture all the costumes .
Everyone gets two Euros a month .
Then we can make Dungeon Siege 2 and make some money off it .
And we help .
We help the poor Chinese children with it .
Why only Nike and Adidas make a profit out of children work from India or China ? ”
Advertisement
As always , the proudly tasteless , free - associating Boll proves more entertaining than the film he ’s commenting upon .
What went wrong :
Boll wanted the bad guys to move at a different speed than everyone else , but that proved prohibitively expensive .
He also concedes that one of the lead roles was miscast , admitting , “ I think we did two mistakes here : With Natalia Avelon , it was a mistake to have her in the movie , actually .
She was very good with the weapons and the action , and she is a well - known actress from Germany …
Vut destroyed ze thing for us here is her English .
I think she can act in German , but her English , she ’s from Eastern Europe , is not existing , let ’s face it this way .
Then she was insisting on synchronizing on her own .
We wanted to replace her voice .
It did n’t work out .
She can hear the English commentary right now from me and not be saddened , because she does n’t understand what I say . ”
Advertisement
Comments on the cast : Boll is generous in his praise for Coppola , whom he mentions lived in Rob Schneider ’s garage for a year upon moving to Hollywood .
Surely a man who survived such a harrowing ordeal deserves better than supporting roles in a Boll movie , right ?
Accordingly , Boll complains that Adam Sandler and Judd Apatow do n’t cast Coppola in their films in spite of what Boll describes as his “ Dom DeLuise ” quality .
Also , Schweiger , whom Boll heralds as a “ young girl star ” in his native Germany ( that ’s Boll - speak for “ teen idol ” ) , was apparently given free rein to edit his own fight scenes , and he chose to highlight his rippling physique .
Advertisement
Boll singles out chef / author / TV personality / bon vivant Anthony Bourdain when he pops up for a cameo — he was in town shooting a Vancouver episode of his travel show No Reservations — and misidentifies as him as the “ cook who wrote the Hell ’s Kitchen book . ”
Boll insists Bourdain ( whose name he mangles in that inimitable Boll fashion , first as Antoine and then as Antony ) asked Boll to look him up whenever visiting New York .
Boll got to eat gratis at Bourdain ’s restaurant , but the celebrity chef never returned his calls .
“ He ’s an asshole , to be honest , ” Boll grouses .
When one of his co-commentators suggests that maybe Bourdain was just busy , Boll retorts , “ He owes me big - time !
I put him in movie ! ”
Inevitable dash of pretension : During a scene in a nondescript white hallway , Boll says the film “ tried to be a little Clockwork Orange / 2001 . ”
Advertisement
Commentary in a nutshell : One of Boll ’s co-commentators wryly notes , “ Logic does n’t always enter into your films . ”
“ The test of a first - rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time , and still retain the ability to function . ”
~F. Scott Fitzgerald
In Built to Last , a book by James Collins and Scott Porras that explores trends of business approaches and strategies that have been historically undertaken by eighteen “ highly visionary companies , ” the authors contend that one particularly detrimental tactic is undertaking a “ black and white , ” “ either / or ” method to decision - making situations that they dub , “ the Tyranny of the OR . ”
The “ Tyranny of the OR ” is a restrictive approach to decision - making that dictates a solitary choice between one of two seemingly contradictory strategies or outcomes — facilitating the necessary exclusion of the other .
While frequently embraced by even billion - dollar corporations , this confining , restrictive approach is a tyrannical method of decision - making that can be avoided by individuals and companies alike .
While Collins ’ and Porras ’ book examines trends of “ visionary ” American companies , or the “ truly exceptional and long - lasting companies [ that ] have an average age of nearly 100 years and have outperformed the general stock market by a factor of fifteen since 1926 , ” the authors ’ advice about embracing an approach of strategic inclusion — even in common decision - making situations in everyday life — can greatly benefit visionary individuals , especially in the pursuit of their dreams and goals .
“ The Tyranny of the OR ”
Making decisions by way of “ the Tyranny of the OR ” — a lens through which decisions are made between seemingly contradictory choices — is both simplistic and constrictive .
Collins and Porras define “ the Tyranny of the OR ” as :
“ … the rational view that cannot easily accept paradox , that cannot live with two seemingly contradictory forces or ideas at the same time … [ it ] pushes people to believe things must be either A OR B , but not both . ”
The authors offer some common business decisions as examples of decisions that require seemingly contradictory strategies and subsequent outcomes :
“ You can either have change OR stability . ”
“ You can either be conservative OR bold . ”
“ You can either have low cost OR high quality . ”
“ You can either invest for the future OR do well in the short - term . ”
On the individual level , let ’s consider some examples of seemingly contradictory strategies and subsequent outcomes in the pursuit of dreams and life goals :
“ You can either invest in the long term OR fulfill short term needs . ”
“ You can either stay conservative OR be risky . ”
“ You can either be progressive OR reactionary . ”
“ You can either be steadfast OR lack proper determination . ”
“ The Genius of the AND ”
Collins and Porras argue that “ The Tyranny of the OR ” is disregarded by highly visionary individuals and companies alike , who instead embrace a multi-dimensional and liberating strategy that pursues seemingly contradictory ideals .
This process is dubbed by the authors as “ the Genius of the AND . ”
As with business , the most effective and well - maintained results that come from the pursuit of dreams is to establish an inclusive , balanced , visionary outlook that looks to bridge the gap between seemingly contradictory outcomes .
I recently wrote a piece entitled , For Dreamers to Circle the Wagons , which touched upon the method of rectifying seeming contradictions in the pursuit of goals and dreams :
“ On the surface , this dilemma would seem to be represented by the stark differences between ‘ perseverance ’ and ‘ feebleness , ’ or ‘ stubbornness ’ and ‘ flexibility . ’
Upon closer examination , however , the scenario is hardly so black - and - white .
“ The pursuit of distant but passion - driven goals will likely never be achieved if done in a blind pursuit , willfully unaware of criticism and disagreements in opinion and with the ignorant assumption that were it only for longevity and endurance that the goal will be realized .
To the contrary , often times we dream - pursuers must pause and circle the wagons . ”
As with developing a “ highly visionary ” business strategy , the pursuit of dreams often beckons that one find a creative , inclusive third option when faced with the dilemma of a stark “ either / or ” situation .
The “ Genius of the AND ” is often embodied in other realms outside of business , too .
Judge Kevin S. Burke of the Hennepin County District Court in Minneapolis brought the familiar business principal into his courtroom , arguing that judges who make decisions by way of “ the Tyranny of the OR ” is a threat to judicial independence .
In 2004 , Burke wrote in Court Review : Volume 41 , Issue 2 that he believes “ the Tyranny of the OR ” tends to be an approach taken up by some judges , which “ limits the possibility of problem - solving . ”
Striving to become “ Highly Visionary ”
The “ Tyranny of the OR , ” a highly restrictive approach to decision - making , dictates that only one of two seemingly contradictory outcomes must be logically pursued .
But in business , the courtroom , and in the pursuit of dreams and life goals , a dualistic and inclusive third option is ever present .
When the habit of making “ either / or ” decisions instills the unhealthy trend of thinking in terms of “ black - and - white ” exclusivity , we begin to see the world and important decisions that we must make every day through a tyrannical lens that will inhibit vision , hamper progress , and forever prevent the advancement of one ’s , as Fitzgerald says , “ first - rate intelligence . ”
Judge Kevin S. Burke , who integrated the familiar business principal into the courtroom , arguing that the “ Tyranny of the OR ” is a threat to judicial independence .
The author believes that the concept of Tyranny of the OR tends to be an approach taken up by some judges , which “ limits the possibility of problem - solving . ”
I 'm Eric Burnett , a software engineer at Google .
I 'm interested in studying what makes programmers tick , and writing whatever code strikes my fancy .
Read my about me for more .* As always , this is my personal blog .
The opinions expressed here are my own and not those of my employer . *
More than four months ago , Los Angeles County Dist .
Atty .
Steve Cooley warned that state law does not allow dispensaries to sell medical marijuana and zeroed in on Organica , a popular Venice - area outlet , as one possible target .
On Monday , Cooley delivered on that promise .
Jeff Joseph , Organica ’s operator , was charged with 24 felonies , including selling , transporting and possessing marijuana , and a court commissioner set bail at $ 520,000 , more than five times the amount his lawyer requested .
Joseph pleaded not guilty .
Calling the bail “ outrageous , ” attorney Eric Shevin said the prosecution was “ politically driven ” in response to community pressure to shut down hundreds of dispensaries that have spread throughout Los Angeles .
“ So they use a very high - profile individual , unfortunately in this case , Mr. Joseph , to basically stand up for everybody , ” he said .
Joseph Esposito , who heads the district attorney ’s major narcotics division , said Organica ’s operator was not singled out .
“ There have been dozens of cases that the office has filed , ” he said .
“ We ’re going to evaluate every case differently . ”
Joseph ’s case , which was intensely investigated by police and federal agents , has the potential to test whether state law permits dispensaries to sell marijuana .
Cooley and Los Angeles City Atty .
Carmen Trutanich insist that state law allows collectives to grow marijuana and recoup their costs but not sell it over the counter , a practice that is widespread .
Both have sought to pursue cases that could force the courts to settle the debate .
Trutanich won an early round in a lawsuit against an Eagle Rock dispensary .
A Superior Court judge ordered it to halt sales .
Last week , the city attorney filed a similar lawsuit against Joseph and Organica .
In court Monday , prosecutor John Harlan said Organica was “ an illegal drug - dealing operation ” that sometimes made more than $ 100,000 profit in a month .
“ He is an ongoing threat to the community , ” Harlan said .
Shevin acknowledged that the facts in the case are “ essentially undisputed , ” but challenged the district attorney ’s position that medical marijuana sales are illegal .
“ It ’s just in contradiction to the law in this area , ” he said .
Joseph has been a target of law enforcement for two years .
Undercover investigators have made repeated buys and his dispensary has been raided three times , most recently on Thursday , when he was arrested .
He closed his dispensary after the second raid , but said he reopened to try to comply with the city ’s medical marijuana ordinance .
That law , which has not taken effect , will allow dispensaries that registered with the city in 2007 , as Organica did , to remain open if they are still in operation .
“ They felt that Jeff snubbed the nose of the district attorney , ” Shevin said .
After Los Angeles County Superior Court Commissioner Donald Kennedy set bail , Shevin held an impromptu news conference surrounded by Joseph ’s supporters and his tearful mother and sister .
“ Medical marijuana , when you are an authorized dispensary , should be a mitigating factor that reduces the seriousness of the crime , ” he said , “ not used to aggravate bail and improperly stack bail for the only purpose of leaving Mr. Joseph in custody and trying to muscle a plea from him . ”
Joseph ’s sister , Vikki , said he did not have the money for bail .
Supporters said they would raise it .
“ How about George Soros ? ” Shevin suggested .
Soros , a billionaire investor , was one of the main financial backers of the medical marijuana initiative .
– Article from Los Angeles Times .
Argentina Quiz , Part 1
This complex country has tango in its soul and tierra under its fingernails .
How much do you know about Argentina ?
How do you greenwash a large airforce base ?
A base that is responsible for bombing nearby countries , and which was built on an island you confiscated from residents who are now living in exile on the other side of the world ?
Easy .
You announce the creation of a giant nature reserve which will be off - limits to its former inhabitants .
Not to the military , of course .
That might create complications .
But the people - free zone will cover the islands and oceans all around .
Then , if you 're really clever , you get the world 's premier network of conservation scientists to endorse your plan .
That 's what happened last week .
The Foreign Office is currently " consulting " on the establishment of a marine protected area covering the Chagos archipelago , a large swathe of coral islands across the Indian Ocean that Britain neglected to hand back to the locals when it abandoned most of the rest of its empire east of Suez in the 1960s .
This is bad news for the Chagossians , who were removed from the islands by British naval vessels almost half a century ago , so that the US could establish a large air base on the largest of the islands , Diego Garcia .
The Chagossians have always wanted to return , and two years ago they published detailed plans to go back to some of the more distant islands of the archipelago .
But successive British governments have said this can never be .
Foreign secretary David Miliband appears intent on cementing this position by creating a protected area where Chagossians would not be allowed to live .
Americans will be welcome , of course .
The consultation document ( pdf ) notes coyly that " it may be necessary to consider the exclusion [ from the protected area ] of Diego Garcia and its territorial waters . "
Last week , the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) endorsed the plan despite , as New Scientist magazine has revealed , angry dissent from its own legal advisers .
The conservation case for protecting the Chagos archipelago is undoubtedly strong .
It is one of the most pristine coral reef systems in the world .
Announcing his plan last November , Miliband said : " This is a remarkable opportunity for the UK to create one of the world 's largest marine protected areas and double the global coverage of the world 's oceans benefiting from full protection . "
More than 10,000 British greens have signed in support of the move to create " Britain's [ sic ] Great Barrier Reef " .
The campaign is backed by the Chagos Environment Network , a coalition that includes Kew Gardens , London Zoo , the RSPB , the Royal Society and the Marine Conservation Society .
The question is whether Britain has any legal or moral right to do this unilaterally .
What about the claims of the 4,000 - plus Chagossian exiles – many of them live close to Gatwick airport in readiness for their return home ?
The glossy pamphlet ( pdf ) encouraging people to support the conservation plan is silent on their expulsion and desire to return .
Most international lawyers believe the expulsion was a breach of international law , and the exiles should be allowed to return forthwith .
Robin Cook is the only British foreign secretary to have agreed with them .
Under the conservation plan , the only way any of them could return would be as employees of the park .
What about the fact that Britain accepts that neighbouring Mauritius should have sovereignty over Chagos when the Brits and Americans no longer need it ?
Protests from the Mauritian government about the plan last week fell on deaf ears .
The Chagos Conservation Trust says : " Strong support for this initiative for conservation was expressed by both Chagossian leaders who spoke at [ a ] meeting on 9 April 2009 at The Royal Society .
The creation of a protected area would clearly be without prejudice to the outcome of the pending legal case [ in the European Court of Human Rights ] in regard to Chagos Islanders and the arrangements for the protected area could be modified if necessary in the light of any change in circumstances . "
Indeed so .
The law would have to be obeyed .
But some environmental lawyers see the conservation plan as an attempt to greenwash the status quo .
There is a frightful row going on at the IUCN over the decision of its executive director Julia Marton - Lefevre last week to side with Britain over the creation of the marine protected area .
Klaus Bosselmann , the chair of the IUCN 's ethics group , part of its Commission on Environmental Law , wrote that it " violates IUCN 's own commitments towards sustainability " because the plan would " invalidate ... the right of the Chagos Islanders to return . "
Bosselmann , director of the New Zealand Centre for Environmental Law , told the Guardian that " concern for ecological integrity and human and indigenous rights have to be mutually reinforcing . "
For IUCN to back the permanent exclusion of the Chagossians from the islands " is severely unethical and against everything the international conservation movement stands for . "
Marton - Lefevre denied this .
She called for consultation with " all stakeholders " , including the Chagossians .
And she said the IUCN 's position " in no way takes or endorses a position with regard to the sovereignty of the archipelago . "
At least we are talking about Chagos now .
Back in 1994 , when Britain published the first biodiversity action plan for its surviving specks of empire , it literally removed the zone , known as the British Indian Ocean Territory , from the map .
Now , rather than airbrushing out Chagos , the mandarins want to paint it green .
Conservation seems to be the last hurrah of the British Empire .
A dispute at a Lancaster movie theater during a screening of “ Shutter Island ” ended with someone plunging a meat thermometer into the neck of the man who complained about someone sitting near him talking on a cellphone during the show .
The incident occurred two weeks ago at the Cinemark 22 theater , according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department .
The theater was packed for a 9 p.m.
Saturday screening of the Martin Scorsese film when the moviegoer complained about a woman near him using a cellphone .
The woman and two men with her left the theater .
But sheriff ’s spokesman Steve Whitmore said two men returned a few minutes later and stabbed the victim .
Advertisement
“ It was a vicious and cowardly attack , ” Whitmore said .
The victim , who was not identified , was hospitalized with serious wounds .
Two moviegoers who came to the victim ’s aid were also hurt during the fight , officials said .
The suspects are still at large .
Anyone with information about the attack is asked to call the Lancaster sheriff ’s station at ( 661 ) 948-8466 .
richard.winton @latimes.com
( Natural News )
The placebo effect can be traced in part to physical changes that take place in the spine when a fake drug is taken , according to a study conducted by researchers from the University Medical Center Hamburg - Eppendorf in Germany , and published in the journal
The placebo effect refers to a phenomenon in which a person 's symptoms diminish after taking a biologically inactive treatment that they believe to be a real drug .
It is a well - documented effect that is particularly strong for conditions originating in the central nervous system , such as pain and depression .
" These results provide direct evidence for spinal inhibition as one mechanism of placebo analgesia and highlight that psychological factors can act on the earliest stages of pain processing in the central nervous system , " the researchers wrote .
Researchers told 15 healthy men that their arms were being treated with two separate creams - one of them an anesthetic , the other a placebo .
They then applied painful heat to the treated sections of the participants arms while taking a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scan of their spinal cords .
Both creams were , in fact , medically inactive placebos .
Yet the men not only reported experiencing significantly less pain when treated with a cream they believed to be active , but the fMRI scans showed that the activity of the nerves in their spine was also significantly reduced .
This shows that when given a placebo , the mind is not just filtering pain away - the body actually feels less .
"
It is deeply rooted in very , very early areas of the central nervous system .
That definitely speaks for a strong effect , " lead researcher Falk Eippert said .
The researchers still could not explain how the perception of treatment created an effect in the spine , however .
They suggested that the body might respond to treatment with a perceived drug by releasing its own natural painkillers .
Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com;
Disney 's Just Roll With It
Get Tickets
[ ... home ... ]
a1b2c3.com
Home
Vitamins , Minerals , Amino Acids
Neurotransmitters
Nootropics
Various
Odilon Redon
Ivan Aivazovsky
Hieronymus Bosch
Johannes Vermeer
Free Computer Software
Other Stuff
Search this site with google .
Search this site with yahoo .
Search this site with bing .
Search engine and directory list .
Links to other sites are here .
Sites Hosted By a1b2c3.com
Targeted Individuals tiuat .
New research from Microsoft and Indiana University has found that data leaks from Web applications such as popular tax programs and online health programs - even when encrypted -- is a real and growing threat .
According to the research , it 's inevitable that a Software - as - a - Service application 's data flow will be exposed on the network to some degree when passing back and forth between a web client ( browser ) and server even when HTTPS and encryption such as WPA / WPA2 is in effect .
Network eavesdroppers could use such information to figure out which site or program you 're using and glean personal information by monitoring data characteristics associated with certain Web applications - known as side - channel information -- such as packet size and timing .
Also read : Data breach costs top $ 200 per customer record
Such vulnerabilities are shaping up to be " an unprecedented threat to the confidentiality of user data processing by these applications , " according to the researchers .
They base their research on findings discovered testing the security of popular online tax , health , investing and search sites ( including Google , Yahoo and Bing ) .
They write : " Although such side - channel leaks of Web traffic have been known for years [ a documented side - channel leak is dated back to 1943 ... obviously before the Internet ] , the whole issue seems to be neglected by the general Web industry , presumably because little evidence exists to demonstrate the seriousness of their consequences other than the effect on the users of anonymity channels [ such as Tor ] .
Particularly worrisome is that the issue is especially prevalent in programs that use newer Web technology , such as the AJAX programming language , whose GUI widgets generate Web traffic in response to even a single mouse click .
That gives eavesdroppers more chances to infer what 's being transmitted .
The researchers warn that while some solutions for mitigating the problem are obvious , such as padding packets to disguise them , the actual implementation of such solutions would need to be done by app developers on a case by case basis .
Ed Felten , a professor of computer science and public affairs at Princeton University 's Center for Information Technology Policy , blogs that " it 's important to keep these attacks in perspective - bear in mind that they can only be carried out by someone who can eavesdrop on the network between you and the site you 're visiting . "
The researchers ' findings are outlined in a paper titled " Side - Channel Leaks in Web Applications : a Reality Today , a Challenge Tomorrow , " and will be presented at IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy in Oakland in mid-May .
Follow Bob Brown on Twitter at www.twitter.com/alphadoggs
by Patrick Appel
Freddie responds to this Dish reader .
A part of Freddie 's rebuttal that I find convincing :
Let 's talk tactics , shall we ?
This emailer with the terrible reading comprehension and I have as a first goal the same thing , which is keeping religious conviction out of politics , science and medicine .
The history of the world teaches us that this is best accomplished not through atheism but through religious moderation .
This is something many atheists must come to grips with if they are ever going to grow up : religious moderates do a far better job of opposing extremists than atheists do .
Look , aside from all of the " American theocracy " hysterics , this country does quite a good job of keeping the secular and the religious separate .
There is much work to be done , but this is not Saudia Arabia , it is not Yemen .
And why ?
Not because of atheism , but because of moderate religious people who have worked to divide theology from governance for centuries .
When people express incredulity at the idea that people can both be practicing and religious and yet function in a secular society , I wonder what world they live in .
Here on Planet Earth , in America , you interact with such people every day .
They seem to have no trouble with it whatsoever .
Look to the Muslim world .
Indonesia is the largest Muslim country in the world .
It has a significant Muslim minority .
And yet it also has significant Christian , Hindu and Buddhist minorities that live quite unmolested .
Women wear pants , work in public , vote , hold office .
Why ?
Not because some tide of atheism swept through Indonesia , but because of religious moderates embracing Enlightenment values and liberal democracy .
I assure you , the large majority of these people are devout .
They simply see no conflict between their religious devotion and their participation in civic life .
Another forceful point :
Which do you think is easier ?
To convince someone who has religious faith to totally abandon that identity ?
Or to convince them of the righteousness of dividing it from political life ?
Elementary human psychology teaches me that the more you attack the fundamental basis for someone 's worldview , the more likely you are to earn violent pushback as a result .
The full post is here .
Freddie writes that my reader 's " strawmanning is so intense I 'm shocked Patrick Appel posted it . "
I agree with Freddie that this reader badly misread his post , and I should have said as much at the time of posting .
I certainly do n't endorse this reader calling Freddie 's thinking " childishly bad . "
Andrew Stuttaford , who largely concurred with Freddie , wrote that an " important qualification [ to Freddie 's post is ] that I do spend quite a bit of time pondering the implications of religious belief ( to start with , there ’s that whole rise of militant Islam business to think about ) " .
Given that both my reader and Stuttaford responded in this fashion , I thought it prudent to air the argument in order to clarify the debate .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
GENEVA — Until recently , most Swiss could barely name their president .
In most countries , that would constitute embarrassing evidence of political ignorance .
In Switzerland , it reflects the unique political system of an Alpine country that has long transcended linguistic and regional divides , functioning as smoothly as the proverbial watch .
Built around power sharing , neutrality and direct democracy , Swiss politics is so inherently low - key that the job of president rotates annually between ministers , who form a coalition government always structured to include all the leading political parties .
Over the past year or so , however , Switzerland has undergone several shocks to its system : financial troubles at UBS , and resultant inroads on the hallowed bank secrecy that has long helped Switzerland prosper ; tussles over tax evasion with the country ’s biggest neighbors ; the arrest of the film director Roman Polanski ; and the November popular vote — widely condemned outside Switzerland — to ban building minarets , to name just a few .
Under pressure from institutions as varied as the German Finance Ministry , Los Angeles prosecutors and Col. Muammar el - Qaddafi of Libya , Swiss politicians have increasingly entered the unfamiliar limelight , showing rare signs of discord and uncertainty .
Later , as more companies got into the premium - coffee game , the best beans usually went into signature blends and single - origin offerings .
Second - rate beans went to the decaffeination plant .
“ I think there was and still is an idea in the trade that it ’s just decaf , so use what you can get away with , ” said Doug Welsh , the vice president for coffee at Peet ’s Coffee & Tea and a pioneer in better - tasting decaffeinated coffee .
“ That ’s why the vast majority of decaf is n’t very good .
They did n’t start out with the same coffee . ”
The decaffeination process itself does n’t help .
There are only a few methods to remove the caffeine , but they all begin the same way : with soaking in water or steaming .
That means raw beans arrive from the decaffeination plant in a kind of prebrewed state , their flavor already compromised .
Now , the new breed of boutique roasters who focus extraordinary levels of attention on finding good beans are changing the art of decaf .
As a result , decaffeinated coffee can have all the pedigree and , often , all the flavor any coffee geek could want .
First , they select raw coffee that retains its flavor , acidity and body even when it is roughed up in the decaffeination process .
Then they roast with a gentle hand .
And they try to make sure the beans move from farm to cup as quickly as possible , because coffee is an agricultural product and its quality declines with time .
“ If you drink it strong , store it carefully and use it up quickly , ” Blue Bottle Coffee advises customers who buy its Decaf Noir beans , “ you will be rewarded with very big flavors . ”
Oxford Student
The Oxford Student
LONDON – The Oxford student who shouted “ slaughter the Jews ” in Arabic at Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon during his talk at the university last week says his remark was misunderstood .
Thenewspaper named the student as sophomore Noor Rashid and said that Rashid claimed he used a classical Arabic chant “ Khaybar ya Yahod ” which commemorates a seventh - century battle between Arabs and Jews .
The battle of Khaybar was an attack launched by the prophet Muhammad in 629 .
It led to the defeat of the Jewish community in the Arabian peninsula , forcing the Jews to pay half their income to the Muslim victors .
“ My version went : ‘ Khaybar , O Jews , we will win . ’
This is in classical , Koranic Arabic and I doubt that apart from picking up on the word ‘ Jew , ’ that even the Arabic speakers in the room would have understood the phrase , ” Rashid told “ As you can see , I made no reference to killing Jews , ” he said , adding that the remark had “ absolutely no derogatory or secondary meanings .
” Rashid – who on his Facebook page is a “ fan ” of Abdul Rahman al - Sudais – the imam of the Grand Mosque in Mecca – and veteran anti-Israel activist British MP George Galloway – claimed in the article that “ Jew ” and “ Israel ” were interchangeable terms and that he had been misunderstood .
Sudais has publicly prayed to God to “ terminate ” the Jews , and as a result has been barred from conferences in America , and been refused entry to Canada .
In 2002 , in a sermon , Sudais called the Jews “ monkeys and pigs . ”
He was listed as an example of theological anti-Semitism by the Anti-Defamation League , when he called curses down upon Jews and labeled them the “ scum of the earth ” in his sermons .
Rashid said , “ There was a great deal of confusion and several people were shouting at the same time so I do acknowledge that people may have misheard me and assume that I uttered something else – namely to “ slaughter the Jews , ” which is something that I do not believe .
“ I express the deepest regret if my remarks were misunderstood or misheard to mean anything that even comes close to encouraging the slaughter of innocents .
I will be writing letters to all my Jewish friends to express my sincere apologies , and also to clarify my remarks , ” Rashid added .
Thames Valley Police are investigating the verbal attack on Ayalon and said they were taking the matter “ very seriously .
”
“ We have received an allegation of racial abuse that happened whilst the Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister , Daniel Ayalon , was giving a speech within the student union on Monday , February 8 , ” Detective Chief Inspector Colin Paine said in a statement on Friday .
“ We take reports of this nature very seriously and are working closely with staff at the university to carry out a full and thorough investigation .
Everyone has a right to express their political views , but not to express racial hatred .
” The police also said that a protester had thrown himself in front of Ayalon ’s car after the event .
“ On the same night , at around 8:53 p.m. , some members of the Israeli ministerial staff , were leaving the venue and driving along New Inn Hall Street [ in Oxford ] when a male protester moved in front of the car and appears to have made contact with it .
“ The car was driving slowly and the man sustained minor bruising and grazes .
Fortunately , the whole incident was captured on CCTV which I have viewed and can confirm that no offenses have been committed by the car driver , ” he said .
Oxford University has promised a full enquiry once the police haveconcluded their investigation and the university ’s student unioncondemned the “ anti-Semitic remark , ” saying it will take disciplinarymeasures against Rashid .
Ayalon received a hostile reception atlast Monday ’s event at the university and was heckled throughout histalk with accusations of “ war crimes ” and racism by protesters .
Anotherstudent carrying a Palestinian flag tried to approach the platform fromwhich Ayalon was speaking and was ejected by security staff .
MIT neuroscientists have shown they can influence people 's moral judgments by disrupting a specific brain region -- a finding that helps reveal how the brain constructs morality .
To make moral judgments about other people , we often need to infer their intentions -- an ability known as " theory of mind . "
For example , if a hunter shoots his friend while on a hunting trip , we need to know what the hunter was thinking :
Was he secretly jealous , or did he mistake his friend for a duck ?
Previous studies have shown that a brain region known as the right temporo - parietal junction ( TPJ ) is highly active when we think about other people 's intentions , thoughts and beliefs .
In the new study , the researchers disrupted activity in the right TPJ by inducing a current in the brain using a magnetic field applied to the scalp .
They found that the subjects ' ability to make moral judgments that require an understanding of other people 's intentions -- for example , a failed murder attempt -- was impaired .
The researchers , led by Rebecca Saxe , MIT assistant professor of brain and cognitive sciences , report their findings in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The study offers " striking evidence " that the right TPJ , located at the brain 's surface above and behind the right ear , is critical for making moral judgments , says Liane Young , lead author of the paper .
It 's also startling , since under normal circumstances people are very confident and consistent in these kinds of moral judgments , says Young , a postdoctoral associate in MIT 's Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences .
" You think of morality as being a really high - level behavior , " she says .
" To be able to apply ( a magnetic field ) to a specific brain region and change people 's moral judgments is really astonishing . "
How they did it :
The researchers used a non-invasive technique known as transcranial magnetic stimulation ( TMS ) to selectively interfere with brain activity in the right TPJ .
A magnetic field applied to a small area of the skull creates weak electric currents that impede nearby brain cells ' ability to fire normally , but the effect is only temporary .
In one experiment , volunteers were exposed to TMS for 25 minutes before taking a test in which they read a series of scenarios and made moral judgments of characters ' actions on a scale of 1 ( absolutely forbidden ) to 7 ( absolutely permissible ) .
In a second experiment , TMS was applied in 500 - milisecond bursts at the moment when the subject was asked to make a moral judgment .
For example , subjects were asked to judge how permissible it is for someone to let his girlfriend walk across a bridge he knows to be unsafe , even if she ends up making it across safely .
In such cases , a judgment based solely on the outcome would hold the perpetrator morally blameless , even though it appears he intended to do harm .
In both experiments , the researchers found that when the right TPJ was disrupted , subjects were more likely to judge failed attempts to harm as morally permissible .
Therefore , the researchers believe that TMS interfered with subjects ' ability to interpret others ' intentions , forcing them to rely more on outcome information to make their judgments .
Next steps :
Young is now doing a study on the role of the right TPJ in judgments of people who are morally lucky or unlucky .
For example , a drunk driver who hits and kills a pedestrian is unlucky , compared to an equally drunk driver who makes it home safely , but the unlucky homicidal driver tends to be judged more morally blameworthy .
Cite This Page ×
ProCon.org is the institutional or organization author for all ProCon.org pages .
Proper citation depends on your preferred or required style manual .
Below are the proper citations for this page according to four style manuals ( in alphabetical order ) : the Modern Language Association Style Manual ( MLA ) , the Chicago Manual of Style ( Chicago ) , the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association ( APA ) , and Kate Turabian 's A Manual for Writers of Term Papers , Theses , and Dissertations ( Turabian ) .
Here are the proper bibliographic citations for this page according to four style manuals ( in alphabetical order ) :
Home Fires features the writing of men and women who have returned from wartime service in the United States military .
This is the second in a five - part series , “ Retelling the War , ” in which veterans discuss how books , movies and other tales of combat shaped their perceptions of themselves and of war .
I was eager to see “ The Hurt Locker ” since it is one of the first movies about my war .
I found it very interesting .
I saw a lot of reality there .
I have seen and dealt with , to a limited extent , the addiction to adrenaline .
I do not know of anyone who loved it more than their wife and child , but I do know that it can be extremely addictive .
Jumping out of an airplane affords great odds of survival .
Combat or disarming a bomb does not afford such great odds .
Your body will react similarly but with more intensity .
When this occurs daily or more than once daily your body craves it like a drug addict craves a drug .
I found the movie entertaining , but given my experience , I imagine it was scary to me on a different level than most .
We do n’t have a director who can step in when all hell is breaking loose and yell , “ Cut ! ”
War movies in general are great for what they are : entertainment .
I grew up in the 1980s and saw almost all of the good war movies of that time .
I was in the theater for “ Full Metal Jacket ” and have a copy of “ Platoon ” at home .
I own “ The Boys in Company C , ” “ Kelly ’s Heroes , ” “ Sands of Iwo Jima ” and a few others .
Like I said , they are good entertainment .
But of course there is a darker side .
These movies glorify a situation that has no real glory in it .
Turn to one of your relatives or friends who has been in combat and ask them what they think of war .
I am sure that they will tell you that it is scary , gruesome and requires extreme intestinal fortitude .
There are no Sgt. Strykers or Gunny Highways in the real Corps .
We do n’t have a director who can step in when all hell is breaking loose and yell , “ Cut ! ”
Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
I joined the Marine Corps because I was looking for a way to get my life on track .
My grandfather did 28 years in the Corps ( Korea and Vietnam ) and my father did eight years in the Corps ( Vietnam ) , then 13 in the Army .
When I was given the opportunity to go to war in Iraq I was as happy as you can imagine .
That was what I grew up watching in the movies .
I wanted to be my own “ Animal Mother ” ( see : “ Full Metal Jacket ” ) .
When I got to Iraq I soon learned that it was not the movies .
In my first few weeks we drove over an I.E.D .
We caught the guys as they were driving away by riddling their car with bullets from machine guns and few M - 16’s .
The driver was struck twice and the passenger was not shot but I think he was having a heart attack when we got over to them .
A few days later while on a foot patrol I spotted a blue blinking light in the road and walked up to it .
It was a phone taped to a canister .
While running for my life the thing exploded .
I was not injured but was very shaken up .
We went to Falluja in April of 2004 .
Our company saw two to three firefights a day .
It was the first time I saw one of my friends get shot .
In one month we took light casualties ( thankfully , no dead Marines ) .
We then went to Zaidon and a handful of Marines received serious wounds .
Our radio man lost his foot ; one of our rifleman lost his arm .
A friend of mine took shrapnel to the throat and there were other serious wounds .
Thankfully , no dead Marines .
After that it was back to Mahmudiya : on the second day there we drove over an I.E.D .
The only casualty was our Marine “ Big Country ” getting a concussion from the overpressure .
Later in the deployment my Humvee was hit by a large I.E.D.
I had my forehead crushed in , lost both eyes , had to have my right hand fully reconstructed and took severe damage to my left knee .
One buddy lost a foot ; one of the others took shrapnel to the forehead but lived ; one took superficial shrapnel wounds to the arm and one of my best friends died .
Would you bring your children out to the battlefield to witness it live and in person ?
On a later deployment to Iraq that I did not go on , I lost three more friends to I.E.D.’s .
One of them was the Navy Corpsman ( Marine medic ) who saved my life on the battlefield back in Mahmudiya .
I have a tattoo over my left breast ( where my heart is ) that says “ Semper Fidelis , ” the Marine Corps motto .
It is Latin for “ Always Faithful ” and refers to always accomplishing the mission .
Around the “ Semper Fidelis ” are four names .
“ Thompson , ” “ Belchik , ” Cockerham ” and “ Hodshire . ”
All great guys that I would let date my sister .
“ The Hurt Locker ” and all the other movies I mentioned , whether they are good or bad as entertainment , are still war movies and war movies glorify the acts of violence that I described above .
How do you feel about that ?
Would you bring your children out to the battlefield to witness it live and in person ?
There is no happy ending .
Kelly does not get the gold , Stryker does not make it to the top of Mount Suribachi and 8 - Ball gets cut down by a sniper .
Please remember that when you watch a war movie you are watching stories about young Americans who went far from home and risked their lives ; some of them died there with only their brothers in arms to witness .
Hollywood is now taking our money by walking on their graves .
Maybe that ’s extreme .
Of course I understand why people watch war movies .
I watch them , too .
But I have seen my friends die and most of the movies just bring up very painful memories .
The author responds to readers on why he continues to use the words “ see ” and “ watch , ” even after he has lost his sight .
Michael Jerniganserved in 2004 with Easy Company , Second Battalion , Second Marine Regiment in Mahmudiya , Zaidon , and Falluja , where he was severely injured and blinded by a roadside bomb .
He was medically retired from the Marine Corps in December 2005 .
Essential information for an informed debate about cannabis policy .
Top Ten Facts ALL Canadians Need To Know About Cannabis
In 2002 the Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drug Use studied the cannabis issue extensively .
Their unanimous recommendation was that cannabis be legalized in a regulatory framework similar to alcohol .
more info
The decision to criminalize cannabis was made " without any apparent scientific basis nor even any real sense of social urgency . " more info " Scientific evidence overwhelmingly indicates that cannabis is substantially less harmful than alcohol and should be treated not as a criminal issue but as a social and public health issue . " more info " The continued prohibition of cannabis jeopardizes the health and well - being of Canadians MUCH MORE than does the substance itself . " more info Cannabis has NOT been decriminalized or legalized in Canada .
more info
The so - called " decriminalization " bill that was proposed by the Liberal government was more accurately an " alternative penalties " bill .
more info Reforming cannabis laws does NOT send the " wrong message . " more info The U.S. government is pressuring Canada to back away from cannabis law reform .
more info The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency has had offices in Ottawa and Vancouver since 2001 .
more info Canada is NOT a major source of cannabis to the United States .
more info
Share the knowledge !
Add a to your web page .
Fact # 2 : The decision to criminalize cannabis was made " without any apparent scientific basis nor even any real sense of social urgency . "
- Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs , 2002 .
P. 274 " There has never , in history , been a good reason presented for marijuana being illegal , " said Banks .
" It 's fundamentally important for people to understand that it 's never been based on the facts .
It 's non -toxic , it 's not addictive and has no provable , long - term irreversible effects . "
- Senator Tommy Banks , Deputy Chair of the Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs .
" Senator Banks mellows out on marijuana " - Edmonton Sun - July 16 , 2003
TOP
Fact # 4 : " The continued prohibition of cannabis jeopardizes the health and well - being of Canadians much more than does the substance itself . "
- Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs , 2002 .
Summary P. 45
More than 40,000 Canadians are arrested for cannabis possession each year , mostly between the ages of 18 - 24 . [ source ]
1.5 million Canadians now have criminal records for possession of cannabis .
[ Source ]
" We estimate the cost of enforcing cannabis drug laws to be closer to $ 1 - 1.5 billion per annum .
The principal public policy cost relative to cannabis is law enforcement and the justice system ; we estimate this to represent a total of $ 300 - $ 500 million per annum .
The costs of externalities attributable to cannabis are probably minimal ; no deaths , few hospitalizations , and very little loss of productivity . "
- Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs , 2002 .
P. 436 Cannabis prohibition diverts much needed police resources from more serious issues .
In an unregulated black market there are no age restrictions , quality control , or accurate product information .
High profits attract organized crime and with that comes increased violence as a means to resolve disputes or protect investments .
Handout : Harms of Cannabis Prohibition , Benefits of Legalizing ( PDF , 100k )
TOP
Fact # 5 : Cannabis has NOT been decriminalized or legalized in Canada .
Canada 's Le Dain Commission recommended the decriminalization of cannabis back in 1972 !
Over 30 years later and we 're still only talking about it .
It is illegal in Canada to possess , produce or traffic in cannabis .
" Possession " means : a . A person is in possession of something when it is in their personal possession of knowingly : i. has it in the actual possession or custody of another person , or
ii . has it in a place , whether or not that place belongs to or is occupied by them , for the use or benefit of himself or of another person ; and , b .
Where one of two or more persons , with the knowledge and consent of the rest has anything in heir custody or possession , it shall be deemed to be in custody and possession of each and all of them .
" Trafficking " means : a. to sell , administer , give , transfer , transport , send or deliver the substance
b. to sell an authorization to obtain the substance , or
c. to offer to do anything mentioned in a ) or b ) above , otherwise than under the authority of the regulations .
A person also commits an offence of trafficking in a substance included in Schedule I , II , III , or IV or in any substance represented or held out to be by that person a substance .
" Possession of the Purpose " means that the person must be in " possession " as set out in the definition above and for the purpose of " trafficking " as set out in the definition above .
Controlled Drugs and Substances Act ( 1996 , c. 19 ) Schedule II VIDEO : Legalize pot smoking , senators say
Topic : Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs releases their final report
CBC archives - The National - September 4 , 2002
" The Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs final report says marijuana is less harmful than alcohol and should be governed by the same sort of rules . "
( Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs report " Cannabis : Our Position for a Canadian Public Policy " )
Here 's a quote from the 2002 report of the Senate Special Committee on Illegal Drugs entitled ,
" Cannabis : Our Position for a Canadian Public Policy " :
" The continued prohibition of cannabis jeopardizes the health and well - being of Canadians much more than does the substance itself . "
VIDEO : Canada 's marijuana laws declared unconstitutional
Topic : Terry Parker appealed to the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms for the right to smoke cannabis legally for medicinal reasons .
CBC archives - The National - July 31 , 2000
" The Ontario Court of Appeal warns the federal government to change its pot laws within a year or risk losing them altogether . "
AUDIO : Explosive report on drugs divides cabinet
Topic : Le Dain Commission - interim report
CBC Radio archives - Sunday Magazine - June 21 , 1970
" In June 1970 the Commission of Inquiry into the Non-Medical Use of Drugs delivers its interim report , calling for the decriminalization of all drugs . "
( Le Dain Commission report : Canadian Government Commission of Inquiry - Cannabis Report ) ---
Handout : How many more studies are needed ?
( PDF , 36 k ) Description : List of cannabis studies 1894 - 2002 .
TOP
Fact # 6 : The so - called " decriminalization " bill proposed by the Liberal government was actually an " alternative penalties " bill .
The core flaw of this bill is that it was crafted without acknowledging the dynamics of the black market and the considerable harms being caused by the policy of prohibition .
This bill would actually make matters worse with its contradictory and confused approach .
Under this bill , possession of small amounts of cannabis would remain illegal , but a fine would be rendered instead of a criminal charges being laid .
In addition , this bill proposes to double the maximum penalties for growing cannabis .
Details of the Cannabis Reform Bill ( Bill C - 17 ) Definition : " Decriminalization "
Source :
The " Glossary of key terms " in the Senate Report .
Removal of a behaviour or activity from the scope of the criminal justice system .
A distinction is usually made between de jure decriminalization , which entails an amendment to criminal legislation , and de facto decriminalization , which involves an administrative decision not to prosecute acts that nonetheless remain against the law .
Decriminalization concerns only criminal legislation , and does not mean that the legal system has no further jurisdiction of any kind in this regard : other , non-criminal , laws may regulate the behaviour or activity that has been decriminalized ( civil or regulatory offences , etc. ) .
" We 're not decriminalizing marijuana , to be technical , it will remain a criminal offense .
What we are putting in place are alternative penalties , in using the Contraventions Act .
I admit that using " decrim " at the beginning was not a good start , but over the past few months we have been quite clear about what we 're doing . "
- Martin Cauchon - former Justice Minister , during questioning by the House of Commons Committee on Illegal Drugs regarding the proposed " decriminalization " bill .
November 2003 .
Source : Ottawa revives plan to relax pot laws
November 2 , 2004 - Globe and Mail
Excerpt :
Mr. Cotler avoided any mention of decriminalization -- instead calling his cannabis enforcement reform " alternate penalty frameworks . "
Obviously the government has not been " quite clear " about what they 're doing .
The term " decriminalization " continues to be used by politicians and by the media regardless of the facts .
The correct description of this bill is an " alternative penalties " bill and the media needs to be urged to be more accurate about the details of this bill and not simply pass along misinformation .
UPDATE : February 2005 Poll [ source : PDF , 110 k ]
The survey asked questions regarding the government 's plans to " decriminalize " the personal possession of marijuana .
Here are some statistics on how " clear " the government was about what they 're doing :
49 % of Canadians believe that decriminalizing marijuana actually makes possession legal
41 % said they believed decriminalization leaves possession illegal As noted in Alan Young 's article " Marijuana mountain built out of molehill " in the Toronto Star , " The best way to forestall change in a democracy is to confuse the masses . "
The " decriminalization " bill does NOT represent a more relaxed attitude toward cannabis users .
The intended outcome of using a ticketing approach is to INCREASE the likelihood that someone caught in possession of a small amount of cannabis will be punished .
" A ticket would be more immediate and a police officer would be MORE LIKELY TO WRITE A TICKET .
Right now the laws are not evenly enforced , often police will turn a blind eye , which teaches disrespect for the law .
We want fines to be rendered . "
" There is an uneven application of the law .
In many places the police warn an individual and do n't charge .
We think , actually , with what we 're proposing a person with a small amount will be more likely to suffer a consequence for breaking the law .
So we actually think we 're being a little tougher on people by suggesting that there would be a fine for the breaking of the law and police officers would be more likely to write that ticket rather than it walk away . "
- Paddy Torsney - member of the House of Commons Special Committee on the Non-medical use of Drugs .
[ Martin Cauchon told ] reporters that the legislation was needed because current pot laws , under which possession is a criminal offence , are " disproportionate . "
" Does it make sense that a person who makes a bad choice should receive the lasting burden of a criminal conviction ?
This bill will ensure that the punishment fits the crime . "
Source : " Critics say pot bill sends the wrong message " - CTV.ca News , May 28 , 2003 - Martin Cauchon - former Justice Minister of Canada .
What is " Net - Widening " ?
A ticketing approach has already been implemented in Australia .
The result was a " net widening " effect ; more people being punished due to the " efficiency " of ticketing a person versus arresting .
Tickets mean MORE punishment , not less .
TOP
Losing a friend or family member is painful enough , but imagine the extra , unnecessary jabs when that friend 's social networking profile continues to pop up in searches .
Or say your friend was particularly wise or witty when posting online , but when you went back to reference something later , the entire record was gone without a trace .
Today , many of us keep our profiles , blog posts , and musings entirely online , leaving family , friends , and service providers stuck trying to figure out what to do with a deceased user 's digital bits .
I have a personal interest in this topic , as I'm of a generation that largely grew up with the Internet while our parents largely remain uninvolved ( mine are surprisingly Internet literate , but most of my friends ' parents are n't ) .
An Ars reader and close friend of mine passed away in early 2008 , and all of his online musings remain in limbo to this day — his MySpace profile is still active as if he was still around , confusing old high school friends , yet his blog has mysteriously disappeared and no one will be able to get it back .
This prompted us to start looking into various sites ' policies on deceased users ' accounts and what you can do about them — whether you want to preserve them , delete them , or otherwise .
Facebook
Facebook may not have been the first to create a specialized policy for deceased users , but it was one of the highest profile because of the way it handled the issue .
Instead of merely agreeing to let a family member take control of the account , the company instead decided to take things a step further and let people turn someone 's account into a memorial .
This is helpful for two reasons .
First , it preserves that user 's identity online so that people can come to the page , read about him or her , and leave posts on the Wall in remembrance .
To those of us who live our lives online , there 's little more terrifying than the thought of completely disappearing , and we like for our friends who have moved on to stay around online as well .
However , we do n't like to constantly be reminded about that person 's disappearance , so when Facebook converts an account into a memorial , the person in question no longer pops up in Facebook 's friend suggestions ( that would be awkward ) .
The person 's profile also automatically becomes private to everyone but confirmed friends , so vandals can't come by and trash the place without anyone there to clean up .
Contact information also gets removed , and no one can log into the account in the future .
In order to do this , family or friends must fill out Facebook 's special contact form and include proof of death ( usually a link to an obituary or a news article ) .
Unlike other social networks , Facebook actually allows nonfamily to perform this task , which is helpful in a situation where the deceased user 's friends are more Internet - savvy than the family .
As you can probably tell from our tone in this section , we 're fans of Facebook 's policy .
MySpace
MySpace also has a deceased user policy , but let 's just say it 's less " robust " than Facebook's .
It 's more of a standard policy that does n't put as much thought into issues like privacy and searches , but it 's there nonetheless .
In the case of a MySpace profile , a next of kin must contact MySpace via e-mail with proof of death and the user 's MySpace ID number ( not username ) .
" Unfortunately , we can't let you access , edit , or delete any of the content or settings on the user 's profile yourself , but we 'll be sure to review and remove any content you find objectionable , " reads MySpace 's policy .
Such a policy has problems , starting with the next - of - kin requirement .
In my single , only - child friend 's case , his only next - of - kin were his retired parents , and they do n't use the Internet .
As a concerned friend , I 'm simply not going to call them up to have them e-mail a copy of my friend 's death certificate to some unknown social network .
It would be easier if I or one of his coworkers could do this instead ; because we can't , we 're defaulting on the side of tact and simply leaving his profile as -is .
Whoever manages to show proof of death wo n't be able to access or edit the profile .
This would n't be so much of a problem if MySpace automatically made parts of the profile private like Facebook does ; since it does n't , the next best policy would allow next of kin to remove things like phone numbers and e-mail addresses .
This part of the policy is especially strange because of MySpace 's admission right on the policy page that anyone who has access to the deceased user 's e-mail account can use the " Forgot Password " link to retrieve it and then do whatever they want .
MySpace did not respond to our requests for further explanation of this policy .
Blogger , Gmail , Buzz , and anything else tied to a Google account
One benefit to having all of Google 's services tied into the same Google account is that the company 's policies and procedures generally cover everything .
Such is the case when a user passes away ; Google told Ars that it's all handled centrally and concerned parties just need to go through the steps once in order to gain access to everything .
Here 's the good news :
Google says it wo n't delete the blog , Buzzes , or anything at all of the deceased user until someone asks it to .
" We just leave it as is unless someone was able to access it , " a Google spokesperson told Ars .
This means that , without any intervention , a friend or family member 's posts will remain online indefinitely .
If you do n't want them to remain , or if you need access to the person 's Gmail account for whatever reason , you must follow the steps outlined in Google 's Help section .
Again , you must be a lawful representative of the deceased ( which means friends are out ) and be able to provide proof of that authority .
You must also include proof of death and a full e-mail header from the person in question to show that the person knew and was in contact with you .
After that , Google needs 30 days to process the documents , but notes that a " valid third party court order or other appropriate legal process " will get you access sooner .
In this case , we can understand why Google would have strict guidelines on who can access the account — this is n't just someone 's social networking profile , it 's access to his or her e-mail , contacts , and everything else associated with a Google account .
Twitter
Last but not least is Twitter .
We spent three weeks trying to get in touch with Twitter to find out if the company has a policy on handling deceased user accounts , but the company has not responded to our requests .
In lieu of any official response from Twitter , we 'll engage in some informed speculation .
It appears as if the company does not have any sort of published policy on this matter .
We have heard from multiple users , however , that Twitter has just deleted the timelines of users who have passed , much to the chagrin of friends who would have liked that person 's postings to be preserved .
We were unable to confirm whether this has actually happened , but our reports indicate it only took place when Twitter was made aware of a user 's passing .
In other words , if Twitter does n't know about it , it 's likely the account will be kept around indefinitely .
Twitter users abandon their accounts all the time — the person who has the @joel account last tweeted almost two full years ago , for example , and his account is still there .
We have no reason to believe this would change for any other user who drops off the face of the earth ( literally or figuratively ) , so for now , we 'll have to settle for that .
Update ( 8/9/2010 ) : Twitter now has a slightly more formal method posted in its Help Center for family members who want to either remove or archive tweets from a deceased user 's account .
NEW YORK —
It has been five years since Lawrence H. Summers , then the president of Harvard University , suggested at an academic conference that innate differences might explain why fewer women than men succeed in science and math careers .
His remark sparked a firestorm that brought many changes — among them , Mr. Summers ’s resignation and the naming of the university ’s first female president , Drew Gilpin Faust .
Although many top universities took action in the early 2000s to help women , especially women in science , Harvard , under Mr. Summers , had an unimpressive record .
Tenure offers to women plummeted after he took office in 2001 .
While Harvard extended 13 of its 36 tenure offers to women the year before Mr. Summers became president , that dropped to 4 of 32 the year before his speech .
And several departments did not have a single tenured female professor .
Then , at a conference in January 2005 , Mr. Summers delivered his now infamous remarks .
He told the audience that “ there are issues of intrinsic aptitude , and particularly of the variability of aptitude , ” which he said were reinforced by “ lesser factors involving socialization and continuing discrimination . ”
Harvard has changed since then .
Last year , tenure offers went to 16 women and 25 men .
Universitywide , slightly more than a quarter of Harvard faculty members are women , an all - time high , with senior faculty accounting for most of the increase .
And not only is the president a woman , but so are the deans of the engineering school , the law school , the education school and Harvard College and the Radcliffe Institute .
Two decades after a pair of thieves dressed as Boston police officers pulled off the biggest art heist in history , the FBI is trying to stir up new leads with two billboards on Boston - area freeways that promise a $ 5 million reward in the case .
The FBI has also resubmitted DNA samples for updated testing , the Associated Press reports .
The thieves made off with 13 artworks worth $ 500 million from Boston 's elegant Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum , including three Rembrandts , a Vermeer , a Manet and five sketches by Degas .
The two men pulled off the robbery on March 18 , 1990 , by posing as Boston police officers then overpowering two guards in the museum , which had only minimum security .
The two digital billboards , donated by Clear Channel Outdoor , will be up for about four weeks along Interstate highways in Stoneham and Lawrence , The Boston Globe says .
Federal authorities are offering immunity from prosecution and promising confidentiality in exchange for the artwork .
The Gardner museum is offering the $ 5 million reward .
The billboards ask anyone with information to contact the FBI or go to the museum 's website here .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Do Real Time Scoring System stats hold any value ?
I have followed them with interest for some years , mostly because they are there and do provide some context to different sorts of contributions players make .
There has never been much doubt that the recording of said stats is deeply flawed , yet an actual count of things like Hits is surely better than simple anecdotal " seen him good " accounts .
Many folks value Missed Shots and Blocked Shots for their contribution in fleshing out shots data into Corsi stats , which are a pretty good proxy for zone / possession time .
Of course they too are subject to recording error and subjectivity bias of the scorer , as indeed are shots themselves .
Perhaps the canaries in the RTSS coal mine are the paired stats of Giveaways and Takeaways .
These are opposite sides of the same coin , a turnover which is attributed to a negative action of a puck carrier OR a positive action of an opposing checker .
Yesterday I was tooling around in this section of NHL.com and made some interesting observations .
I was specifically looking at Oiler forwards with 20 + GP , and in the course of my investigation compared them against their peers in the Northwest Division .
My methodology was to express a ratio of takeaways to giveaways ( in that order , so that higher number = better ) .
To my surprise I found an apparent correlation between Gv:Tk and the Northwest Division standings !
Team Tk Gv Tk : Gv Pts % Pts%/Lg VAN 374 237 1.58 0.627 1.12 COL 405 310 1.31 0.593 1.06 CGY 397 380 1.04 0.559 1.00 MIN 292 291 1.00 0.520 0.93 EDM 334 472 0.71 0.367 0.66
( The last column , Pts % over league , is simply the ratio between a team 's Pts % and the NHL mean , currently hovering around .559 .
A number of 1.00 in this column is the closest thing we have to the old standard of .500 . )
Hey lookit !
The highlighted columns are remarkably similar , ranking the teams in the correct order .
The teams with the best success in giveaways v. takeaways are also enjoying the best success in the standings !
Such a nice correlation ; could this possibly be a coincidence ?
In a word , yes .
In this case the stats do co-align with reality , but it 's a pure fluke of this particular ( small ) sample .
Examining the team stats across the NHL reveals that the standard the NHL has seemingly established in counting these events is actually No Standard At All .
The NHL team leaders in Tk : Gv ratio are NYR , ATL , CHI , CBJ , CAR , and NYI .
5 of the top 6 are in the bottom third of the NHL .
In other words , epic fail .
Particularly striking when looking at the these numbers on a league - wide basis is the enormous discrepancy in home / road splits .
The scorers are not necessarily more " generous " with the home town team , but they are far more likely to notice them and attribute actions on the ice to them , be they positive or negative .
League - wide in 2009 - 10 , home teams have been credited with over 37 % (! ) more takeaways than visitors , and debited with nearly 42 % (!! ) more giveaways .
Moreover , some rinks simply count way more total events than others .
The number of total events ( Gv + Tk ) for the home team ranges from a modest 281 in Phoenix to 1098 on Long Island , very nearly a factor of 4 !
On the road the range , as one might expect , is a much more constrained 390 to 552 .
This supports the theory of many , myself included , that RTSS road stats are much more valuable than full - season totals .
They 're a long way from perfect : some teams play three road games on the Island , others none ( including the Islanders ! ) , but discrepancies are far more likely to balance out .
The Islanders lead the entire NHL with 857 takeaways , a cool 500 ahead of the Stanley Cup champions from Pittsburgh who rank a rank 29th in this " important " defensive category .
99 % of their advantage comes in the oh - so - friendly confines , where the Isles have recorded 624 of those takeaways , nearly 5 times as many as the Penguins ' 129 on home ice ; on the road , the Islanders ' edge is an inconsequential 233-228 .
The league leaders in giveaways are none other than your Edmonton Oilers , who have been charged with a scandalous 972 such turnovers , nearly triple the 359 charged to the Blue Jackets .
Not surprisingly , most of this discrepancy can be found on home ice , where trigger - happy statisticians have charged the Oil with 737 giveaways , compared to just 235 on the road .
They are also more generous with takeaways although in moderation ; the Oilers have 307 TkA on home ice , 196 on the road .
In all the Oil have recorded 76 % of their giveaways and 61 % of their takeaways on home ice .
Home / road splits are not readily available on an individual level ; while they can be scraped from game sheets , NHL.com does not show them .
So I concluded that any comps of individual Oilers against their Northwest foes would be an entirely useless exercise .
Are RTSS numbers valueless ?
Not quite .
Players within an individual team will play their games in front of the exact same scorers from night to night , so in - team comps should be fairly valid .
Let 's take a closer look at those Oilers with 20 +
GP , ranked in order of net turnover differential per 60 minutes of ice time ( the right - most column ) :
Lo and behold , there 's good old Shawn Horcoff at the top of the charts , challenged only by the up - and - coming two - way forward Marc Pouliot .
Reliable Fernando Pisani ranks third , followed by Zack Stortini , whose low - event proclivities extend to having the fewest giveaways per hour on the squad .
In the middle of the pack Ryan Stone has the highest events per hour in both categories , albeit in the fewest minutes of anybody on the list ; he 's good at getting the puck , not so good at hanging on to it .
At the other end of the chart are a couple guys in Ales Hemsky and Sam Gagner who handle the puck a lot and therefore have their share of giveaways , although both are disappointly weak on the defensive side of the puck , especially Gagner .
Lagging behind them is J- F Jacques , as those who were subjected to watching him play might expect .
Bringing up the very rear , though , is thecaptainethanmoreau , who is second worst on the club for giveaways per hour and dead last for takeaways .
A checking line player who can't check ?
Ouch .
Conclusion : Takeaway / giveaway data is suspect at best , but has some validity in the context of a single team .
With the exception of a couple of small sample size guys ( notably Hemsky , Stone , possibly Pouliot ) , the above list of forwards does a reasonable job of identifying the guys who collect and protect the puck , and those who do n't .
Here 's looking at you , Ethan .
* * *
EDIT : Here 's the same list for defencemen .
This includes the three guys who were traded at the deadline ( shown in grey ) ; the data supports some of the rationale for dumping at least two of those guys .
I have lowered the threshold to 10 + GP so as to include early results of the new guys , although of course sample size is a particular issue .
On the blue giveaways are far more common than takeaways , to the point that a Tk : Gv ratio better than 0.5 is relatively decent , at least on this team .
A little surprising to see Smid at the top , but he handles the puck both less often and more conservatively than some of the puck movers below him so has coughed the puck relatively infrequently .
So far Johnson seems to be the Ryan Stone of the defence corps with high events per hour on both sides of the ledger ; alarmingly so in the giveaway department , although it 's a pleasant surprise to see anybody even close to , let alone ahead of , Sheldon Souray in the takeaway game .
Early days of course , just 12 GP .
Interesting that these two rank 1 - 2 on the club in both Gv and Tk , and that by eye both fit the mold of cycle - breaking " chaos " defenders .
CLOUDFLARE FOR INFRASTRUCTURE
Protect your Internet presence .
Your website , APIs , and applications are your key channels for doing business with your customers and suppliers .
As more and more shift online , ensuring these resources are secure , performant and reliable is a business imperative .
Cloudflare for Infrastructure is a complete solution to enable this for anything connected to the Internet .
Ah , Jani went a little crazy today in his typical style to force a decision .
The real decision is not whether to have a version 5.4 or not , it is all about solving the Unicode problem .
The current effort has obviously stalled .
We need to figure out how to get development back on track in a way that people can get on board .
We knew the Unicode effort was hugely ambitious the way we approached it .
There are other ways .
So I think Lukas and others are right , let 's move the PHP 6 trunk to a branch since we are still going to need a bunch of code from it and move development to trunk and start exploring lighter and more approachable ways to attack Unicode .
We have a few already .
Enhanced mbstring and ext / intl .
Let 's see some good ideas around that and work on those in trunk .
Other features necessarily need to play along with these in the same branch .
I refuse to go down the path of a 5.4 branch and a separate Unicode branch again .
The main focus here needs to be to get everyone working in the same branch .
- Rasmus
Keynes saw Malthus as a predecessor .
In this , I think he was wrong -- or perhaps I should say that Keynes was much more Malthusian than the parts of him we pull out and focus on today .
When Malthus talks of a " general glut " of commodities , or a " universal glut " , or a " glut " , he is rarely referring to something we would call business - cycle unemployment .
Instead , he is typically talking about :
high production of manufactured non-necessities ...
low demand for manufactured non-necessities , usually induced by " thrift " -- which to Malthus means both a high savings rate and a reduction in demand for non-necessities ...
consequently , a low price of manufactured non-necessities ...
perhaps the low price of manufactured non-necessities leads to a restricted variety of non-necessities being produced -- which further lowers demand for them as satiation rapidly sets in ...
low real wages for the working class , whose wages are largely set in manufacturing ...
" indolence " on the part of a working class whose real wages are low ...
The context is that of post - Napoleonic Wars Britain , where the end of the war effort has produced , Malthus says , a very sharp and permanent reduction in demand for necessities .
Malthus is arguing against economists who call for more " thrift " in order to build up the capital stock , boost real wages , and employ the idle .
For Malthus , " thrift " means both ( a ) savings in order to boost the capital stock , and ( b ) cutting back on consumption of non-necessities .
Because Malthus does not think these two meanings of " thrift " can be separated , he thinks that the argument that what post - Napoleonic Britain needs is more thrift is simply wrong .
Jean -Baptiste Say and Say's Law typically enter Malthus 's argument as a rebuttal to a counter - argument .
Malthus 's adversaries admit to low employment and low wages in post - Napoleonic Britain , but say that they reflect not any permanent defect or deficiency in the market system but are rather due to a temporary planning error by manufacturers , who have produced too much in too narrow a range of industries .
Malthus counters that Say's Law claims that an excess supply of one commodity must be offset by an excess demand for another :
[ I]t is a tenet of the new doctrine on profits and demand that if one trade be overstocked with capital it is a certain sign that some other trade is understocked .
But where , I would ask , is there any considerable trade that is confessedly under - stocked , and where high profits have been long pleading in vain for additional capital ?
The war has now been at an end above four years ; and though the removal of capital generally occasions some partial loss , yet it is seldom long in taking place , if it be tempted to remove by great demand and high profits ...
Thus , Malthus concludes , the poorly - paid and idle dangerous classes of post - Napoleonic Britain pose a long - term problem that cannot be resolved by calling for more thrift and more capital accumulation to boost labor productivity , and thus real wages and employment .
It seems more true to Malthus to say that he admits that Say's Law holds in a business - cycle planning - error context in order to deny that high post - Napoleonic War unemployment and the " glut " of cotton manufactured goods are a transitory business - cycle problem .
Keynes sees Malthus as a predecessor because Keynes sees Malthus as denying Say 's Law .
And you can certainly find a paragraph or two of his argument that sounds proto-Keynesian .
But the main thrust of Malthus 's argument is an a direction very different from that of our modern concerns with business - cycle unemployment .
Malthus on " glut " : all the mentions I have found :
Remarks on Ricardo's Theory of Profits :
Remarks on Mr. Ricardo's Theory of Profits : Adverting to the known effects of permanent improvements on the land ... [ a ] extensive territory ... capable of cultivation , might , by continued improvements in agriculture , admit of the employment of a vast mass of capital for hundreds of years , with little or with no fall of profits ; while the small but fertile territory , being very soon filled with all the capital it could employ on the land , would be obliged to employ its further accumulations in the purchase of corn with falling manufactures ; a state of things which might easily reduce profits to their lowest rate ....
A country , which accumulates faster ... might for hundreds of years still keep up its rate of profits , if it were successful in making permanent improvements on the land ; but , if with the same rapidity of accumulation it were to depend chiefly on imported corn , its profits could scarcely fail to fall ... by a fall in the bullion price of the exports with which the corn was purchased by the country in question .
These statements appear to me to accord with the most correct theory of profits , and they certainly seem to be confirmed by experience ....
[ T ]he effect of falling [ manufacturing export ] prices in reducing profits is but too evident at the present moment .
In the largest article of our exports , the wages of labour are now lower than they probably would be in an ordinary state of things if corn were at fifty shillings a quarter .
If , according to [ Ricardo's ] new theory of profits , the prices of our exports had remained the same , the master manufacturers would have been in a state of the most extraordinary prosperity , and the rapid accumulation of their capitals would soon have employed all the workmen that could have been found .
But , instead of this , we hear of glutted markets , falling prices , and cotton goods selling at Kamschatka lower than the costs of production .
It may be said , perhaps , that the cotton trade happens to be glutted ; and it is a tenet of the new doctrine on profits and demand , that if one trade be overstocked with capital , it is a certain sign that some other trade is understocked .
But where , I would ask , is there any considerable trade that is confessedly under - stocked , and where high profits have been long pleading in vain for additional capital ?
The war has now been at an end above four years ; and though the removal of capital generally occasions some partial loss , yet it is seldom long in taking place , if it be tempted to remove by great demand and high profits ; but if it be only discouraged from proceeding in its accustomed course by falling profits , while the profits in all other trades , owing to general low prices , are falling at the same time , though not perhaps precisely in the same degree , it is highly probable that its motions will be slow and hesitating ...
Much more a statement about a low elasticity of demand for Britain 's manufacturing exports , and thus a claim that capital accumulation in manufacturing will not keep British wages from falling as population increases , than a statement about cyclical unemployment and its causes .
The word " glut " enters into the argument as part of a rebuttal to the counterargument that the reason that profits and wages in cotton export manufacturing are so low is because employers guessed wrong and produced too much in too narrow a range of industries .
Principles of Political Economy : " general glut " : one match :
Principles of Political Economy : Mr. Ricardo was ... the first writer ... to make a marked distinction between wealth and value ... he has made the distinction much broader than it really is .
If the great measure of the exchangeable value of a commodity ... depend[ed ] exclusively upon difficulty of production ... its power of measuring wealth would be extremely imperfect : while , if the great measure ... is ... the quantity of labour which it will command , such a measure will be found to be very much more comprehensive , and to make much nearer approaches to a measure of wealth ....
[ T ]he general causes of a permanent nature which are most effective in the production of wealth will be found also the most effective in the production of value ; and in reference to the whole produce of a country , quantity seldom fails to increase value , except in those temporary cases of a general glut , in which it must be allowed that even the wealth of a country is far from being proportioned to the increased quantity of the commodities it has produced ...
The phrase " general glut " is used in Malthus 's admission that his idea of using consumer value rather than producer cost as a measure of wealth will only work in normal times -- not in times of high business cycle unemployment and fire - sale prices .
Principles of Political Economy : " glut " : other matches :
Principles of Political Economy :
But we have yet to inquire what is the state of things which generally disposes a nation to accumulate ; and ... what is the state of things which tends to make that accumulation the most effective , and lead to a further and continued increase of capital and wealth .
It is undoubtedly possible by parsimony to devote at once a much larger share than usual of the produce of any country to the maintenance of productive labour ... labourers so employed are consumers as well ....
But it has already been shewn that the consumption and demand occasioned by the workmen employed in productive labour can never alone furnish a motive to the accumulation and employment of capital ... the capitalists themselves , together with the landlords and other rich persons ... have , by the supposition , agreed to be parsimonious ... depriving themselves of their usual conveniencies and luxuries to save from their revenue and add to their capital .
Under these circumstances , it is impossible that the increased quantity of commodities , obtained by the increased number of productive labourers , should find purchasers , without such a fall of price as would probably sink their value below that of the outlay , or , at least , so reduce profits as very greatly to diminish both the power and the will to save .
It has been thought by some very able writers , that although there may easily be a glut of particular commodities , there cannot possibly be a glut of commodities in general ; because , according to their view of the subject , commodities being always exchanged for commodities , one half will furnish a market for the other half , and production being thus the sole source of demand , an excess in the supply of one article merely proves a deficiency in the supply of some other , and a general excess is impossible .
M. Say , in his distinguished work on political economy , has indeed gone so far as to state that the consumption of a commodity by taking it out of the market diminishes demand , and the production of a commodity porportionably increases it .
This doctrine , however , as generally applied , appears to me to be utterly unfounded ....
It is by no means true , as a matter of fact , that commodities are always exchanged for commodities .
An immense mass ... is exchanged ... for productive labour or personal services : and it is quite obvious that this mass ... compared with the labour with which it is to be exchanged , may fall in value from a glut ....
In the case supposed there would evidently be an unusual quantity of commodities of all kinds in the market , owing to those who had been before engaged in personal services having been converted , by the accumulation of capital , into productive labourers ... commodities would necessarily fall in value compared with labour , so as very greatly to lower profits , and to check for a time further production .
But this is precisely what is meant by the term glut , which , in this case , is evidently general not partial ...
Appears to be much more a statement about the elasticity of demand for commodities in general -- that perhaps an increase in productivity leads not to an increase in output but instead to a sharp increase in leisure because consumers rapidly become satiated with necessities .
Not a statement about business - cycle unemployment at all .
Mr. Ricardo ... maintains ... that capital cannot be redundant , is obliged to make the following concession ....
There is only one case , and that will be temporary , in which the accumulation of capital with a low price of food may be attended with a fall of profits ; and that is , when the funds for the maintenance of labour increase much more rapidly than population ;-- wages will then be high and profits low .
If every man were to forego the use of luxuries and be intent only on accumulation , a quantity of necessaries might be produced for which there could not be any immediate consumption .
Of commodities so limited in number , there might undoubtedly be an universal glut ; and consequently there might neither be demand for an additional quantity of such commodities , nor profits on the employment of more capital .
If men ceased to consume , they would cease to produce .
Mr. Ricardo then adds ,
This admission does not impugn the general principle .
In this last remark I can by no means agree with him .
It appears to me most completely to impugn the general principle .... [ I ]f , whenever this occurs , there may be an universal glut of commodities , how can it be maintained , as a general position , that capital is never redundant ; and that because commodities may retain the same relative values , a glut can only be partial , not general ?...
Malthus pounces on Ricardo's admission that higher labor productivity produced by capital accumulation must be accompanied by a shift in production to non-necessities and away from necessities or else there will be a universal glut .
Another fundamental error into which the writers above - mentioned and their followers appear to have fallen is , the not taking into consideration the influence of so general and important a principle in human nature , as indolence or love of ease .
It has been supposed that , if ... powers of production were suddenly so increased that both parties could , with the same labour , produce luxuries in addition to what they had before obtained , there could be no sort of difficulty with regard to demand , as part of the luxuries which the farmer produced would be exchanged against part of the luxuries produced by the manufacturer ; and the only result would be , the happy one of both parties being better supplied and having more enjoyments .
But in this intercourse of mutual gratifications , two things are taken for granted , which are the very points in dispute .
It is taken for granted that luxuries are always preferred to indolence , and that an adequate proportion of the profits of each party is consumed as revenue ....
The effect of a preference of indolence to luxuries would evidently be to occasion a want of demand for the returns of the increased powers of production supposed , and to throw labourers out of employment .
The cultivator , being now enabled to obtain the necessaries and conveniences to which he had been accustomed , with less toil and trouble , and his tastes for ribands , lace and velvet not being fully formed , might be very likely to indulge himself in indolence ... while the manufacturer , finding his velvets rather heavy of sale , would be led to discontinue their manufacture , and to fall almost necessarily into the same indolent system ....
[ I ] t is a most important error to take for granted , that mankind will produce and consume all that they have the power to produce and consume , and will never prefer indolence to the rewards of industry , will sufficiently appear from a slight review of some of the nations with which we are acquainted ....
It has been said ... that if the idle were made to produce the surplus would disappear .
But ... [t ] he real question is , whether under the actual habits and tastes of the society ... persons ... inclined to save and produce ... would be secure of finding such a demand for all they could bring into the market as to prevent the possibility of what is called a glut , or a great fall of profits in a large mass of commodities .
What might happen under different tastes and habits is entirely a different question .
It has also been said , that there is never an indisposition to consume , that the indisposition is to produce .
Yet , what is the disposition of those master manufacturers , and merchants who produce very largely and consume sparingly ?
Is their will to purchase commodities for their consumption proportioned to their power ?
Does not the use which they make of their capital clearly show that their will is to produce , not to consume ?
and in fact , if there were not in every country some who were indisposed to consume to the value of what they produced , how could the national capital ever be increased ?...
Once again , a glut is the satiation of demand for necessities , thus a low price of commodities relative to leisure , and thus " indolence " -- a leisured society .
A third very serious error ... consists in supposing that accumulation ensures demand ....
Ricardo observes , that “ If £ 10,000 were given to a man having £ 100,000 per annum , he would not lock it up in a chest , but would either increase his expenses by £ 10,000 , employ it himself productively , or lend it to some other person for that purpose ....
Upon this principle it is supposed that if the richer portion of society were to forego their accustomed conveniences and luxuries with a view to accumulation , the only effect would be a direction of nearly the whole capital of the country to the production of necessaries , which would lead to a great increase of cultivation and population .
But this is precisely the case in which Mr. Ricardo distinctly allows that there might be a universal glut ; for there would undoubtedly be more necessaries produced than would be sufficient for the existing demand .
This state of things could not , however , continue ; since , owing to the fall which would take place , cultivation would be checked , and accumulation be arrested in its progress .
It is therefore obvious that without an expenditure which will encourage commerce , manufactures , and personal services , the possessors of land would have no sufficient stimulus to cultivate well ; and a country such as our own , which had been rich and populous , would , with too parsimonious habits , infallibly become poor and comparatively unpeopled ....
An accumulation ... of common food and common clothing might take place on both sides ; but the amount must necessarily be extremely confined .
It would be no sort of use to the farmer to go on cultivating his land with a view merely to give food and clothing to his labourers .
He would be doing nothing either for himself or family , if he neither consumed the surplus of what they produced himself , nor could realize it in a shape that might be transmitted to his descendants ....
It would be still more useless to the manufacturers to go on producing clothing beyond what was wanted by the agriculturists and themselves ....
The population required to provide simple clothing for such a society with the assistance of good machinery would be inconsiderable , and would absorb but a small portion of the proper surplus of rich and well cultivated land .
There would evidently therefore be a general want of demand , both for produce and population ; and while it is quite certain that an adequate passion for consumption may fully keep up the proper proportion between supply and demand ... it appears to be quite as certain that an inordinate passion for accumulation must inevitably lead to a supply of commodities beyond what the structure and habits of such a society will permit to be profitably consumed .
But if this be so , surely it is a most important error to couple the passion for expenditure and the passion for accumulation together , as if they were of the same nature ; and to consider the demand for the food and clothing of the labourer , who is to be employed productively , as securing such a general demand for commodities and such a rate of profits for the capital employed in producing them , as will adequately call forth the powers of the soil , and the ingenuity of man in procuring the greatest quantity both of raw and manufactured produce ....
It is not , of course , meant to be stated that parsimony , or even a temporary diminution of consumption , is not often in the highest degree useful , and sometimes absolutely necessary to the progress of wealth .
A state may certainly be ruined by extravagance ....
All that is contended for is , that no nation can possibly grow rich by an accumulation of capital , arising from a permanent diminution of consumption ; because such accumulation being beyond what is wanted in order to supply the effectual demand for produce , a part of it would very soon lose both its use and its value , and cease to possess the character of wealth ...
Once again , a statement higher labor productivity produced by capital accumulation must be accompanied by a shift in production to luxuries away from necessities .
" Thrift " here means two things : ( a ) higher savings that are invested in expanding the economy 's produced means of production ; and ( b ) reduced consumption of non-necessities .
Because Malthus runs these two meanings together rather than separating them , he sees a big problem .
It is the natural tendency of foreign trade ... immediately to increase the value of that part of the national revenue which consists of profits , without a proportionate diminution elsewhere ... from the exchange of what is of less value in the country , for what is of more value ... [ that ] is a striking and almost universal accompaniment of successful foreign commerce ; whereas a mere abundance of commodities falling very greatly in value compared with labour , though it may be called an actual increase of wealth , would obviously at first diminish the power of employing the same number of workmen , and a temporary glut and general deficiency of demand could not fail to ensue in labour , in produce , and in capital , attended with the usual distress which a glut must necessarily occasion .
Mr. Ricardo always views foreign trade in the light of means of obtaining cheaper commodities .
But this is only looking to one half of its advantages , and ... not the larger half ....
The great mass of our imports consists of articles as to which there can be no kind of question about their comparative cheapness , as raised abroad or at home .
If we could not import from foreign countries our silk , cotton and indigo , our tea , sugar , coffee and tobacco , our port , sherry , claret and champagne , our almonds , raisins , oranges and lemons , our various spices and our various drugs , with many other articles peculiar to foreign climates , it is quite certain that we should not have them at all .
To estimate the advantage derived from their importation by their cheapness , compared with the quantity of labour and other advances which they would have cost , if we had attempted to raise them at home , would be perfectly preposterous .
In reality , no such attempt would have been thought of .
If we could by possibility have made fine claret at ten pounds a bottle , few or none would have drunk it ; and the actual quantity of labour and other advances employed in obtaining these foreign commodities is at present beyond comparison greater than it would have been if we had not imported them .
We must evidently therefore estimate the advantage which we derive from such a trade upon a very different principle .
This is the simple and obvious one often adverted to as the foundation of every act of barter , whether foreign or domestic , namely , the increased value which results from exchanging what is wanted less for what is wanted more ....
[ W ]e might be very much puzzled to say whether we had increased or decreased the quantity of our commodities , but we should feel quite certain that the new distribution of produce ... giving us commodities much better suited to our wants and tastes ... had decidedly increased the exchangeable value of our possessions , our means of enjoyment , and our wealth .
Here both meanings are run together .
A glut is a low price of commodities relative to leisure and " indolence " -- a leisured society .
And foreign trade can avoid a glut by enabling the consumption of extra varieties of luxuries , thus fending off satiation .
It has been said that the distresses of the labouring classes since 1815 are owing to a deficient capital , which is evidently unable to employ all that are in want of work ....
But it is a very different thing to allow that the capital is deficient compared with the population ; and to allow that it is deficient compared with the demand for it , and the demand for the commodities procured by it .
The two cases are very frequently confounded , because they both produce distress among the labouring classes ; but they are essentially distinct ....
If one fourth of the capital of a country were suddenly destroyed ... this scantiness of capital would certainly occasion great inconvenience to consumers , and great distress among the working classes ; but it would be attended with great advantages to the remaining capitalists .
Commodities , in general , would be scarce , and bear a high price ....
Nothing would be so easy as to find a profitable employment for capital ... the rate of profits would be very high .
In this state of things there would be an immediate and pressing demand for capital ... and the obvious remedy would be ... saving from revenue to add to capital ....
On the other hand , if the capital of the country were diminished by the failure of demand in some large branches of trade , which had before been very prosperous ... the state of things , with the exception of the distresses of the poor , would be almost exactly reversed .
The remaining capitalists would be in no respect benefited ....
Commodities would be every where cheap .
Capital would be seeking employment , but would not easily find it ; and the profits of stock would be low .
There would be no pressing and immediate demand for capital ... saving from revenue to add to capital , instead of affording the remedy required , would only aggravate the distresses ....
The distresses of the capitalists would be aggravated , just upon the same principle as the distresses of the labouring classes would be aggravated if they were encouraged to marry and increase , after a considerable destruction of people , although accompanied by a still greater destruction of capital which had kept the wages of labour very low .
There might certainly be a great deficiency of population , compared with the territory and powers of the country ... but if the wages of labour were still low , notwithstanding the diminution of people , to encourage the birth of more children would be to encourage misery and mortality rather than population .
Now I would ask , to which of these two suppositions does the present state of this country bear the nearest resemblance ?
Surely to the latter ....
The two last years of the war were ... years of extraordinary expense ....
[ The troubles ] commenced certainly with the extraordinary fall in the value of the raw produce of the land ....
When this fall had diminished the capitals of the farmers , and still more the revenues both of landlords and farmers ... their power of purchasing manufactures and foreign products was of necessity greatly diminished .
The failure of home demand filled the warehouses of the manufacturers with unsold goods , which urged them to export more largely at all risks .
But this excessive exportation glutted all the foreign markets , and prevented the merchants from receiving adequate returns ; while , from the diminution of the home revenues , aggravated by a sudden and extraordinary contraction of the currency , even the comparatively scanty returns obtained from abroad found a very insufficient domestic demand , and the profits and consequent expenditure of merchants and manufacturers were proportionably lowered .
While these unfavourable changes were taking place in rents and profits , the powerful stimulus which had been given to population by the continued demand for labour during the war , occasioned the pouring in of fresh supplies of labour , which , aided by the disbanded soldiers and sailors ... reduced generally both wages and profits ... the population , under its former impulse , has increased , not only faster than the demand for labour , but faster than the actual produce ; yet this produce , though deficient , compared with the population , is redundant , compared with the effectual demand for it and the revenue which is to purchase it .
Though labour is cheap , there is neither the power nor the will to employ it all ; because not only has the capital of the country diminished , compared with the number of labourers , but , owing to the diminished revenues of the country , the commodities which those labourers would produce are not in such request as to ensure tolerable profits to the reduced capital .
..
Here Malthus appears to be making a complicated argument : ( a ) demand for non-necessities is too low because of the end of the war , ( b ) attempts to export non-necessities run into a very low elasticity of demand , and ( c ) boosting savings by further reducing demand for non-necessities will only make things worse .
That the transition from war to peace ... is a main cause of the effects observed , will be readily allowed , but not as the operation is usually explained .
It is generally said that there has not been time to transfer capital from the employments where it is redundant to those where it is deficient , and thus to restore the proper equilibrium .
But such a transfer could hardly require so much time as has now elapsed since the war ; and I would ask , where are the under - stocked employments , which , according to this theory , ought to be numerous , and fully capable of absorbing all the redundant capital , which is confessedly glutting the markets of Europe in so many different branches of trade ?...
The necessary changes in the channels of trade would be effected in a year or two ; but the general diminution of demand , compared with the supply occasioned by the transition from such a war to a peace , may last for a very considerable time ....
If some of the principal governments concerned spent the taxes which they raised in a manner to create a greater and more certain demand for labour and commodities , particularly the former , than the present owners of them , and if this difference of expenditure be of a nature to last for some time , we can not be surprised at the duration of the effects arising from the transition from war to peace ....
When Hume and Adam Smith prophesied that a little increase of national debt beyond the then amount of it , would probably occasion bankruptcy ; the main cause of their error was the very natural one , of not being able to see the vast increase of productive power to which the nation would subsequently attain .
An expenditure , which would have absolutely crushed the country in 1770 , might be little more than what was necessary to call forth its prodigious powers of production in 1816 .
But just in proportion to this power of production , and to the facility with which a vast consumption could be supplied , consistently with a rapid accumulation of capital , would be the distress felt by capitalists and labourers upon any great and sudden diminution of expenditure ...
Once again , a parry to the claim that the distress of Britain 's industrial working classes is merely the result of manufacturers producing too much in too narrow a range of export industries .
It is , I believe , the opinion of many persons , particularly among the mercantile classes , that nothing would so soon and so effectively increase the revenue and consumption of the country as a free issue of paper .
But in holding this opinion , they have mistaken the nature of the great advantage which the national wealth may sometimes unquestionably derive from a fall in the value of the currency .
The specific effect of this fall is to take away property from those who have fixed incomes , and give a greater command over the produce of the country to those who buy and sell .
When the state of the national expenditure is such that there is a difficulty of supplying it ... there is little doubt that the fall in the value of money , and the facility of credit which it occasioned , acting in the way described , must have contributed greatly to that rapid recovery of vast capital destroyed , which , in the same degree , never probably occurred in the history of any nation before .
But , if we were now to make similar issues of paper , the effect would be very different .
Perhaps a sudden increase of currency and a new facility of borrowing might under any circumstances , give a temporary stimulus to trade , but it would only be temporary .
Without a large expenditure on the part of the government , and a frequent conversion of capital into revenue , the great powers of production acquired by the capitalists , operating upon the diminished power of purchasing possessed by the owners of fixed incomes , could not fail to occasion a still greater glut of commodities than is felt at present ....
[ I ]t is of the utmost importance to recollect that , at the end of the war , the prices failed before the contraction of the currency began .
It was , in fact , the failure of the prices of agricultural produce , which destroyed the country banks , and shewed us the frail foundations on which the excess of our paper - currency rested .
This sudden contraction no doubt aggravated very greatly the distresses of the merchants and of the country ; and for this very reason we should use our utmost endeavours to avoid such an event in future ; not , however , by vain efforts to keep up prices by forcible issues of paper , in defiance at once of the laws of justice and the great principles of supply and demand , but by the only effectual way , that of steadily maintaining our paper of the same value with the coin which it professes to represent , and subjecting it to no other fluctuations than those which belong to the precious metals ...
Here Malthus gets positively Austrian : the problem is that the end of the war has diminished demand for non-necessities .
A monetary expansion would provide only a temporary fix -- and create worse trouble in the future .
Looking around the SXSW Interactive ’s first - ever LGBT panel , “ Engaging the Queer Community ” , I saw a shrunken pink - haired woman wearing steel - toed platform boots and green stockings walking past a large - nosed horn rimmed kid with horse teeth and acne scars , and I realized that even though we ’re all adults now , we very much remain the theater fags and lunch geeks we were in high school — conflicted and sightly scared people looking for a voice .
But why then are our personal stories so often trumped by the like of homophobic senators and , bless her , Lady Gaga ?
The panelists all talked about their most popular posts from the last week , Fausto Fernos from the Feast Of Fun posted a picture of Ben Stiller dressed as a Navii from the film Avatar , Bil Browning from The Bilerico Project posted an open letter to his “ celebrity boyfriend ” Neil Patrick Harris , and After Ellen ’s editor , Trish Bendix , posted a lot of articles about The Runaways lesbian kiss .
Three out of four of the panel ’s bloggers agreed that celebrities are really the best way to generate interest in your blog .
And I had my usual run of depressing thoughts :
Why is it we , supposedly the most media savvy people in the world , regurgitate stories about straight celebrities and national politics while ignoring the artists and politicians working in own neighborhoods ?
( Admittedly , Queerty is often guilty of this , though we ’ve increased coverage of “ regular ” queers . )
Is this why we ca n’t seem to organize any civil disobedience of any significance on a national scale ?
The only one whose most popular story from last week was n’t a celebrity piece , was Sinclair Sexsmith from Sugarbutch , who posted intimate details of her scorching lesbian sex life under a nom de plume .
I took pride in the fact that butch lesbian put her personal experience and voice above the pop-culture bubble gum ; though still I wondered , how can we get more LGBT folks to do the same ?
To get answers , I spoke with each of the panelists after the session and posted videos our discussion .
They all agree that if you want to see your stories and community on the web , it starts with you .
Body scanners have been criticised for being an invasion of privacy
Two women were stopped from boarding a plane at Manchester Airport after refusing to undergo a full body scan .
The passengers were due to fly to Islamabad on 19 February when they were selected at random to go through the new scanning machine .
One , who is believed to be a Muslim , refused on religious reasons and the other cited health grounds .
They are thought to be the first people to refuse to use the scanners since they became compulsory in February .
The machines were introduced as a trial at the airport in October 2009 .
The women were warned they were legally required to go through the scanner , after being chosen at random , or they would not be allowed to fly , an airport spokesman said .
' Strict procedures '
It is not clear whether the women were travelling together .
Security staff use the X - ray machine to check for any concealed weapons or explosives but they have been criticised as an invasion of privacy .
A Manchester Airport spokesman said : " Two female passengers who were booked to fly out of Terminal 2 refused to be scanned for medical and religious reasons .
" In accordance with the government directive on scanners , they were not permitted to fly .
" Body scanning is a big change for customers who are selected under the new rules and we are aware that privacy concerns are on our customers ' minds , which is why we have put strict procedures to reassure them that their privacy will be protected . "
The women forfeited their flight and left the airport .
In US airports where scanners are installed passengers have the option of a undergoing a body search .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Accidents can happen to anyone , anywhere , at any time .
You are driving along a California street and suddenly someone slams into you , leaving you with a totaled car , broken bones , expensive medical bills and years of continuing therapy , not to mention lost time from work as you recover .
You should not be left holding the bag for these expenses .
Your insurance company may have sold you on the " we will take care of you " message in its advertising , but in reality the company bottom line is what matters most .
You may receive an offer for a settlement that will never cover the full expense of your injuries .
Working with a San Mateo personal injury attorney can get you a much more equitable settlement that will include compensation for future medical care related to this injury as well as current and future lost wages so you can still pay your bills .
Government agencies have dominated space exploration for three decades .
But in a new plan unveiled in President Barack Obama 's 2011 budget earlier this month , a new player has taken center stage : American capitalism and entrepreneurship .
The plan lays the foundation for the future Google , Cisco and Apple of space to be born , drive job creation and open the cosmos for the rest of us .
Two fundamental realities now exist that will drive space exploration forward .
First , private ...
Assuming 44 bytes of texels per pixel results in required bandwidth of 285 GB /s at that fillrate .
Assuming the texels fetched by the shader map 1:1 to pixels then caching is n't going to help in any meaningful way ( since each texel is used just once ) .
Click to expand ...
* Iraq may buy Mirage jets from Dassault
* U.N. sanctions barred arms sales to Baghdad
BAGHDAD , Feb 11 ( Reuters ) - Iraq is seeking the return of 651 million euros ( $ 898 million ) paid by Saddam Hussein ’s government for French Mirage fighters that were never delivered because of sanctions , a government spokesman said on Thursday .
Ali al - Dabbagh said talks with France 's Dassault Aviation AVMD.PA and the French defence ministry for the return of the funds were positive , and Iraq was separately eyeing a possible purchase of an unspecified number of Mirage jets from Dassault .
“ We want these funds returned .
Simultaneously , we are in negotiations with the French for ( the purchase of ) Mirage F1s , ” Dabbagh said , adding that Iraq had not yet decided whether to buy jets from France or the United States .
An Iraqi committee was formed two months ago to negotiate the return of the deposit for jets ordered under Saddam , and Iraq expects the issue to be resolved this year , Dabbagh said .
Sanctions imposed on Iraq shortly after its invasion of Kuwait in 1990 prohibited arms sales to Baghdad , forcing the abandonment of its deal with Dassault for the fighter jets .
( Reporting by Mohammed Abbas : editing by Tim Pearce )
Yesterday , Crikey revealed that over half of Australia 's newspaper stories are driven by PR .
Editor - in - chief of The Oz , Chris Mitchell , fires back at the claims .
Spinning the Media project co-ordinator Sasha Pavey asked the editor - in - chief of The Australian , Chris Mitchell , for his response to the our results .
She began by asking him whether he was surprised by his paper ’s result of total PR driven content at 56 % , with 19.26 % of stories consisting of straight public relations or promotion with no significant extra journalism work .
Mitchell : No I ’m not surprised .
One of the things I ’ve tried to do since I came back to The Australian was impress upon the bureaus the need to break away from the diary driven stuff , because what I think you ’ve found is all pervasive in the Australian media at the moment .
It ’s very difficult I think , given the way resources have drifted from journalism to public relations over the past 30 years , to break away as much as you really want to .
But I live in hope that over the course of my remaining time in this job I can develop the paper along the lines that more of it is its own efforts …
I guess I ’m implying , the number of people who go to communications school and go into PR over the years has increased and the number in journalism has shrunk even more dramatically .
Pavey :
But what about the other figure , the 56 % of content that is driven by PR ?
Mitchell : No , I would ’ve thought that in most papers , especially in their news sections — the part of the paper before ‘ Foreign ’ — it would almost be 100 % .
I mean , I hardly ever see anything in the Sydney Morning Herald that I think they ’ve generated themselves , so …
I think it would be really desirable for editors to try and resist to go to all the ‘ pic facs ’ ( a staged media event for photo opportunities ) that are set up by PRs .
I ’d really like , for instance , my own photographers to attend opportunities they set up for themselves .
That ’s part of the reason I sacked half my photographers last year ; because I thought that half of them were going to jobs set up by PRs and every other paper was going to be there as well .
Pavey :
You mention culling of staff , do you think downsizing has had an impact on the amount in which your journalists are relying on PR ?
Mitchell :
As an industry we employ fewer journalists , I still have over 300 but they ’re spread thinly ( I ’ve got a big bureau in every capital city ) .
Fewer papers , smaller newsrooms and PR has ballooned as an industry .
I started as a young reporter in ’ 73 , and nobody had a full time PR team .
When I was a young business journalist , corporates were happy to get their chief executives to talk to reporters directly .
There ’s hardly a business story that ’s written these days in which a chief executive has backgrounded a reporter , it ’s all been done by spin-doctors .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Pavey :
How do the results of this study reflect on the quality of journalism in your paper , and what does it then mean for the paper ’s future ?
Mitchell : I ’m not sure it means a lot about quality , I ’d say it ’s more about unique content .
You know , I bash up my news desk all the time about not chasing the same news agenda that everyone else does , but I admit that I obviously failed 56 % of the time according to your survey , the reason I do that is I understand , and I have always understood , that for a paper like The Australian , which is everybody ’s second paper after their local paper , there is no value in us replicating the news agenda they can get in their local paper .
In the internet world we ’re in , where you ’re hoping to charge online , the premium on unique content is even larger , so obviously there no ability to charge online for ubiquitous content .
We need to have our own news agenda wherever possible .
Pavey :
Are some rounds more susceptible to PR than others ?
Which ones are more susceptible in your paper ?
Why is that ?
( Pavey commented that environment / energy appeared to be more public relations driven than other rounds in The Australian . )
Mitchell : I would like to look at your methodology there — during that period , the person who was carrying the ETS and environment round was Lenore Taylor , and I think Lenore actually led the way on ETS reporting , but you probably would n’t have counted her as an environment writer , you would ’ve counted her as a political writer .
( Eds : This is correct .
Taylor is now at the SMH ) .
We look at her as our environment person because I do n’t have a dedicated environment rounds person .
Pavey :
What about the police round ?
Mitchell : I ’ve got lots of thoughts on that —
I ’m going through a very difficult legal battle with Victorian Police over investigations from Cameron Stewart and the terror raid last year .
I think the police have been insidious in trying to control the relationship between individual journalists and police , so the tradition I grew up with of journalists going to the pub with cops is non existent at the moment .
And the police , more than any other organisation , are driving everything through police media .
I think it ’s a bad practice and I rail against it in the office all the time .
I ’m trying very hard to get people to emulate people like Cameron Stewart who do n’t go through police media but , of course , that ’s why he ’s getting prosecuted and has been under investigation by the Australian Federal Police two or three times in the last two years .
Pavey :
Is there a policy that you ’ve articulated to your journalists that they ’re aware of , about how to approach media releases and forms of PR — how are you getting this message of yours across ?
Mitchell :
Well look , what I ’ve said to the news desk and every morning ( and I ’d invite you to talk to the national chief of staff Michelle Gunn , who gets a flogging on this on almost a daily basis ) is that I would prefer we ignore things like press releases .
I do n’t think there ’s any value for my newspaper .
The truth is , most bureau chiefs operate on the basis that they have to protect their own arse , so they produce a news list which they think replicates the other papers .
It takes a brave man or woman to say Nicole Kidman is in town today , and everyone in town is going to be there for Nicole Kidman , but we should n’t bother going .
So they do go .
And I give them a banging for going .
I suppose the truth is Sasha , in a journey of a thousand miles , it ’s one step at a time and I do n’t know that you can eliminate PR from one day to the next but you can continue to work hard to try and reduce it .
In some areas it ’s so all pervasive it might be impossible …
Pavey :
Which ones specifically ?
Mitchell : Well business … it ’s far worse than anywhere else .
People are so scared these days of getting themselves in trouble with the ASX that they tend to outsource virtually all of their corporate PR in an effort to make sure they ’re not misleading markets or whatever , so I think business is almost the worst area .
Pavey :
Would you say there is more pressure now because of reduced advertising , so that producing copy which gives editorial to advertisers takes priority ?
Mitchell :
No it ’s not like that , it may be in some places in country papers .
In the end it is really just that a vast army of journalists are employed by spin doctors to create interesting ideas for journalists , and journalists are pretty lazy .
It ’s pretty easy to march down to the boxes in Canberra and write what Rudd ’s media office put out rather than chase their own ideas …
The tendency to send journalists in the field to basic reporting has been lost in newsrooms , I copped a lot of flack for doing so much work in the field on the Education Revolution stuff , you know the building of the school halls and such … a lot of journalists and editors would criticise The Australian for sending people out because they do n’t have the resources to do it , but I do have those resources .
Pavey :
So in terms of a ranking of PR driven content , out of ten papers , the OZ came smack - bang in the middle , with the Daily Telegraph bringing up the rear , and the best was the Herald so …
Mitchell :
Oh well , why am I not surprised that Wendy Bacon and her department found that …I ’d have to say that I ’m horrified by that , because I read the SMH cover to cover every day and I reckon I can identify the PR behind every article .
And I ’m quite happy for you to quote me on this — the Herald today is the worst paper in the country … even The Age has done a better job than the Herald and you would find that a ubiquitous opinion amongst newspaper editors .
Pavey : Generally the online version carried more promotional style stories than the hard copy editions – why is this ?
How much editorial control do YOU have over what ’s going up online and are you happy with the quality of the site at the moment ?
Mitchell : I have complete control .
But I would say that things that get fed in by AAP and News.
com.au are quite different from what gets fed in from The Australian newspaper , so I ca n’t control the way News.com.au and AAP report their facts …
I think the truth of electronic journalism is that it wo n’t be online , it ’ll be via applications on iPads , so I ’m not sure there ’s a whole lot of value in journalism departments focusing as much on online .
We might write this history in two or three years time and find that the internet was not a very satisfactory vehicle for the delivery of news … paywalls will come .
But only because people want to protect their copy from Google so they can sell it on Google .
Pavey :
Yes but with figures like these , of 56 % PR driven content , when moving to a paywall structure , do you think it ’s reasonable to expect people to pay for content that ’s not necessarily original ?
Mitchell :
Well that depends on what you put behind the paywall .
But look , it ’s really naive for journalism departments to think that the paywalls are not coming .
If you look at the Wall Street Journal , they make $ 300 million a year behind a paywall .
People who think that Crikey has some truth to say on this are misleading themselves .
Pavey : What about The Australian Financial Review ?
Mitchell : Ah , well I think The AFR is a bad newspaper , bad website .
Tell me this Sasha , would n’t it be up to you to explain why The Wall Street Journal can make $ 300 million behind a paywall and The Fin can ’t ?
I mean , I ’ve just given you an example … rest assured , we will be behind a paywall and we will make money on it … and I ’d love to know who did the content research on the SMH for your study because I ’ll make sure that person never gets a job at News Ltd .
Sasha Pavey is freelance reporter based at the Australian Centre for Independent Journalism .
She recently completed a journalism degree at the University of Technology , Sydney .
How to combine creatine and caffeine – and how not to
It 's better not to use creatine and caffeine [ structural formulae shown below ] together .
This was the message in a human study published by sports scientists in Belgium 15 years ago .
A recent Japanese test - tube study shows why .
Imagine this : you give a 90 kg bodybuilder 45 g creatine for 6 days in a row .
The effect is a 5 percent increase in the amount of phosphocreatine in his muscles , making him 10 - 20 percent stronger .
If you give the same bodybuilder a daily 450 mg caffeine in addition , then there ’s no increase in muscle strength .
Belgian researchers published these results in 1996 .
[ J Appl Physiol .
1996 Feb ; 80 ( 2 ) : 452-7 .]
It would appear that creatine and caffeine get in each other 's way .
But 6 years after the Belgian research was published , the results of a study done at the University in Luton were made known .
These results seemed to suggest that creatine and caffeine were not affecting each other .
[ Med Sci Sports Exerc. 2002 Nov ; 34 ( 11 ) : 1785-92 . ]
If the imaginary bodybuilder from the Belgian study had taken part in the British study he would have taken a daily 27 g creatine for 6 days .
After this period the researchers would have tested his stamina on a treadmill , seeing how long he could stay running .
On one occasion he took 450 mg caffeine an hour before running , on the other occasion he took a placebo .
It was already known that creatine supplements extend the amount of time someone can run , and that caffeine has the same effect .
But does a single time dose of caffeine improve performance in athletes who ’ve already charged their muscles with creatine ?
That 's the question the Brits wanted an answer to .
And they got a ' yes ' .
The figure above shows the effect of caffeine on the test subjects ' running time .
In some of the subjects caffeine reduced the running time , but in most a single dose did have added value , on top of the creatine .
The test subjects consumed no products containing caffeine during the 6 days of creatine loading .
So athletes can benefit from a one - time high dose of caffeine if they use creatine [ British study reasoning ] , but not if they consume high doses of caffeine on a regular basis [ Belgian study reasoning ] .
And now a Japanese study published two months ago in Metabolism throws light on why this is so .
[ Metabolism .
2009 Nov ; 58 ( 11 ) : 1609 - 17 . ]
The Japanese wanted to know whether caffeine imitates the positive effects of physical exercise on muscle cells – and their study provided an affirmative answer .
They exposed cells from rats ' soleus calf muscle to caffeine in a test tube .
Physical exercise reduces the amount of fuel in the muscle cells .
As a result the enzyme AMPK becomes more active in these cells – and this is an enzyme that tells muscle cells that they should be doing the kind of things that doctors say are healthy .
The muscle cells start burning fat and become more sensitive to insulin – that kind of thing .
That 's why researchers everywhere are working on pills that activate AMPK .
Caffeine is also a bit of an AMPK booster , the Japanese discovered .
The figure below shows the activating effect of caffeine on AMPK .
In this process , however , the amount of creatine in the muscle cells decreases , the Japanese discovered .
And this happens within minutes .
Of course , the concentrations the Japanese used are much higher than the concentrations found in the human body , but the message is clear .
Caffeine messes up the muscle cell 's creatine metabolism .
If you take creatine , high daily doses of caffeine will cancel out its effect .
But the effect of caffeine is apparently not so strong that it 's no use at all to creatine takers .
A one - time high dose of caffeine does have an effect .
So during a course of creatine you could occasionally use caffeine as a training booster .
Taking caffeine daily is not a good idea though .
Source :
J Appl Physiol .
1996 Feb ; 80 ( 2 ) : 452-7 .
More :
D -Pinitol adds nothing to creatine 03.12.2009
Creatine pyruvate works better than creatine citrate 03.09.2009
PEGylated creatine is disappointing 11.05.2009
A man jailed for a series of sex attacks on Brisbane bikeways has won a reduction in his jail sentence .
Former landscaper Luke James Colless , 32 , was jailed by a District Court judge last year for raping five women and sexually assaulting six others between 2006 and 2008 .
The attacks happened in Brisbane inner-city suburbs including Paddington and Kangaroo Point .
It was after this last attack that a witness remembered the registration number of Colless 's vehicle and reported it to police .
Colless was described as a sexual predator compelled to violently attack and rape women in public places .
In a decision handed down this morning , the Court of Appeal ruled Colless 's 25 - year jail term was excessive and cut it to 16 years .
The judgment said the court considered there were " substantial mitigating circumstances " and that Colless cooperated with the authorities from an early stage , including his confession , saving an even more substantial police investigation .
It said Colless 's confession also removed any prospect of the complainants having to give evidence and be subjected to cross-examination , " thereby re-living their appalling experience " .
The court said without his confessions , convictions might not have been obtained on some of the counts .
The court also noted Colless showed genuine remorse , did not have a prior criminal history and he had " promising prospects of rehabilitation " .
Colless may serve less than 13 years before he is eligible for parole .
Political reaction
Premier Anna Bligh says the Attorney - General Cameron Dick is getting advice on a further appeal .
" The state does not support the reduction in this sentence - in fact we opposed this appeal in the strongest possible terms , " she said .
" Obviously there are complex questions of law involved , but the Attorney - General is taking advice from the solicitor - general on whether there is any likelihood of a successful appeal to a higher court . "
Opposition Leader John Paul Langbroek says the Court of Appeal decision does not reflect community standards .
" This was a matter that paralysed the suburbs for Brisbane for a number of months and it shows just how broken our justice system is when you have now almost 18 different rapes , attempted rapes and indecent assaults and the total length of time is 16 years , " he said .
Throughout the bitter debate over health care reform , talking points about " rationing " and " cuts to Medicare " have been the twin pillars of Republican fear mongering .
For example , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in June warned of reform that " denies , delays , or rations health care , " only to falsely charge weeks later that Democrats " are going to pay for this plan by cutting Medicare , that is cutting seniors . "
But with the publication of the Republican " shadow " budget by Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) , the GOP is now proposing exactly what just weeks ago it claimed to decry : rationing Medicare :
Last year , 137 House Republicans voted to convert the Medicare program that provides 46 million Americans with health insurance into a system of vouchers .
( In September , Sarah Palin penned a Wall Street Journal op - ed which similarly called for " providing Medicare recipients with vouchers that allow them to purchase their own coverage . " )
Now , as Ezra Klein , Matthew Yglesias and TPM all noted , the GOP's Paul Ryan is making the privatization of Medicare the centerpiece of a new Republican deficit reduction gambit .
Of course , because the value of Ryan 's vouchers fails to keep up with the out - of - control rise in premiums in the private health insurance market , America 's elderly would be forced to pay more out of pocket or accept less coverage .
The Washington Post 's Klein described the inexorable Republican rationing of Medicare which would then ensue :
The proposal would shift risk from the federal government to seniors themselves .
The money seniors would get to buy their own policies would grow more slowly than their health - care costs , and more slowly than their expected Medicare benefits , which means that they 'd need to either cut back on how comprehensive their insurance is or how much health - care they purchase .
Exacerbating the situation -- and this is important -- Medicare currently pays providers less and works more efficiently than private insurers , so seniors trying to purchase a plan equivalent to Medicare would pay more for it on the private market .
It 's hard , given the constraints of our current debate , to call something " rationing " without being accused of slurring it .
But this is rationing , and that 's not a slur .
This is the government capping its payments and moderating their growth in such a way that many seniors will not get the care they need .
On Tuesday , Ryan acknowledged as much .
Sadly for the Republican brain trust , he failed to follow the script that only Democratic reforms lead to " health care denied , delayed and rationed . "
" Rationing happens today !
The question is who will do it ?
The government ?
Or you , your doctor and your family ? "
Of course , Ryan left out the real culprit - the private insurance market .
But with 50 million uninsured , another 25 million underinsured , one in five American postponing needed care and medical costs driving over 60 % of personal bankruptcies , Congressman Ryan is surely right that " rationing happens today . "
But the Republican plan to " slash and privatize " hardly ends there .
Despite insistence by the Republican leadership that the party is not officially advocating it , the Ryan alternative budget follows Rep. Jeb Hensarling 's announced desire to privatize Medicare .
As TPM documented :
Rep. Paul Ryan , ( R - WI ) the ranking Republican on the budget committee , recently detailed the Republican plan for Social Security that preserves the existing program for those 55 or older .
For younger people the plan " offers the option of investing over one - third of their current Social Security taxes into personal retirement accounts , similar to the Thrift Savings Plan available to federal employees . "
If that sounds vaguely familiar , it should .
After all , George W. Bush 's disastrous drive to privatize Social Security helped undermine his presidency .
Now , in the wake of a Wall Street meltdown that evaporated the retirement savings for countless thousands of Americans , the Republican wunderkind Ryan is calling for an encore .
In Paul Ryan 's defense , his so - called " A Roadmap for America 's Future " was scored by the Congressional Budget Office as erasing the long - term deficit entirely , and produce surpluses by 2080 ( ! ) .
While the Post 's Klein stated , " I would n't balance the budget in anything like the way Ryan proposes , " he also admitted :
" The audacity is breathtaking .
But it is also impressive . "
Audacious , indeed .
After months of scaring the American people into believing that President Obama and the Democrats would ration health care and gut Medicare , Paul Ryan 's Republican Party now proposes to do both .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives .
For a look back at the hilarious April Fool 's Day unveiling of Ryan 's 2009 budget " marketing document , " visit here . )
UPDATE : In the latest pathetic twist in the Republican budget saga , House Minority Leader John Boehner is now trying to distance himself from Paul Ryan 's document .
Claiming " it 's his , " Boehner nevertheless replied " Off the top of my head , I could n't tell you " when asked what in it he disagrees with .
If this storyline sounds familiar , it should .
Boehner did the same thing last year after presenting Ryan 's " The Republican Road to Recovery " with great fanfare :
" Two nights ago , the president said we have n't seen a budget yet of the Republicans .
Well , it 's not true , because here it is Mr. President . "
For more , visit the American Road Map web site at http://www.roadmap.republicans.budget.house.gov/
It is shocking to hear how cancer gene therapy can be done through nanotech robots .
A team of Caltech researchers have found a way to enter into patient ’s blood and into tumors through tiny nanoparticles which delivers therapy and turns off an important cancer gene .
The team has found the way to enter into the human body through tiny robots covered with a protein called Transferrin and cures those different types of tumors , at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
This technology is known as Nanotechnology .
" We 're excited about it because there is a lot of skepticism whenever any new technology comes in " , said Davis , a consultant to privately held Calando Pharmaceuticals Inc .
He also said that this was the first study that could go in the human body and undertake the therapy .
Davis also mentioned that after these particles reach the tumor cells , they break them down and stops them from spreading .
The particles also have a sensor in them which gets into the infected cell and takes action .
In June , at the American Society of Clinical Oncology , part of the study will be presented .
by
The iPhone - 4G will be awesome and could come in 5 colors plus motion - control .
Right now it looks like that Apple wo n’t change much on the 4G design , which shall arrive earlier than expected ( April ) .
On the other hand this could be a good sign that Apple will make the new iPhone much more powerful ( dual - core ) .
Design is more expensive nowadays then technology .
Galery via MobileCrunch
Is the 4G the technological future ( 4th generation ) of the mobile smart phone or will it only be a bit better then the actual update from the iPhone 3G to the actual iPhone 3GS ?
Image via unwiredview
Patently Apple reports that the iPhone can completely be controlled through motion sensors via “ Cool New Finger Swiping Camera Controls coming to iPhone & iPad ”
Image source and more via MobileMag
Iphone 4G ( Diashow )
People expect the following tech specs to name a few
OLED screen
5 megapixel camera
all new casing , probably much the same as the iPads .
fast processor and better graphics card with better battery performance .
software 4.0
What do you expect from the iPhone 4G ?
I do n’t know what to think anymore , guys .
First he takes Howard Dean to the cleaners over his lame spin on Massachusetts , now this .
Meanwhile , Jack Cafferty ’s on CNN inveighing against the Democrats and political correctness seemingly every damned day .
What ’s next ?
David Shuster laying into some liberal for calling right - wingers “ teabaggers ” ?
Are we seeing … realignment here ?
In the next couple of weeks , thousands of college students nationwide will forgo relaxing with fruity drinks and flip - flops during spring break to go on educational service trips known as " alternative breaks . "
About 72,000 students will take part this year , estimates Break Away , an alternative - break resource representing programs at about 130 colleges .
HAITIAN STUDENTS : Struggle over whether to return
A number of colleges have shown interest in helping Haiti after its earthquake .
But they 're being discouraged .
The Center for International Disaster Information ( CIDI ) is telling inexperienced volunteers to wait at least a few months before traveling to Haiti , center director Suzanne Brooks told the online publication Inside Higher Ed .
" I do n't think it 's impossible that a year from now for spring break there may be some programs up and running , but I really do n't think it makes sense for this year , " she said .
Inside Higher
Ed also says Break Away has told its college chapters not to arrange trips there until conditions are better .
" There is a lot of work that needs to be done by people who have skills to help with the immediate response to disaster before unskilled groups can start going there , " said Samantha Giacobozzi , programs director .
" The resources that would be utilized by alternative breakers would be better used by Haitians and people doing essential work . "
So for now , more of the alternative breaks will be in traditional service tasks .
Blake LeMaster , a senior at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , will travel to Dallas to work with leukemia patients at a pediatric oncology clinic .
LeMaster is co-chair of Vanderbilt 's alternative - breaks program .
This spring the program will send about 500 students out on 36 trips , says adviser Shaiya Baer , assistant director of the university 's Office of Active Citizenship and Service .
During her alternative break last year , Britney Holland , a senior at Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles , taught as part of the Kilimanjaro Young Girls in Need program in Tanzania , where she also helped revitalize the cafe the girls ran when they were not in school .
Holland , an Iraq war veteran , is leading an alternative break to Colorado Springs , where she and other student veterans will rebuild the homes of Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans .
Loyola Marymount is sending 18 other trips out this spring but is unable to send students to its most highly requested location , Haiti , because of safety concerns , says Joanne Dennis , alternative - breaks coordinator .
" We 're looking into sending a team down there this summer , if this is going to be a possibility ... but right now Haiti does n't need unskilled volunteers taking up their resources , " Dennis says .
Florida International University in Miami is planning to send 12 students to Haiti this summer through its alternative - break program to work on humanitarian relief and health care , says Angel Garcia , assistant director for leadership and service .
This spring break , Florida International 's alternative - break program will aid Haiti victims by working at an orphanage with children who have spilled over into the Dominican Republic .
Students at Xavier University in Cincinnati will be working with orphans in Jamaica , helping rebuild parts of their orphanage and through participating in developmental activities with the kids , says Christopher Bridges , assistant director of peace and justice programs .
Another program from American University in Washington , D.C. , will be traveling to the Navajo Nation reserve that spans parts of Arizona and New Mexico to work on an environmental justice program with the states ' uranium and coal mines .
Despite the diversity of alternative - break trips , which range from addressing homelessness in Washington , D.C. , to geriatric care in North Carolina , the programs all have one mission : " to work toward creating active citizens through education , action and reflection , " Bridges says .
READERS : Have you ever taken a volunteering vacation ?
Where ?
Meet Jane Doe .
She ’s a spry , kindly woman who turned 100 today .
Jane credits her long life to her deep faith – she attends church regularly .
She takes a two - mile walk each morning , and she likes to knit and read .
By the way , she smokes two marijuana joints a day .
If today were Feb. 26 , 2060 , and a recent report pans out , Jane Doe might turn out to be your typical baby - boom centenarian .
According to the Associated Press ,
pot use is rising among the nation ’s elderly
, and the trend could continue as baby boomers transition from middle to old age .
The AP reported that that the number of people 50 and older who use marijuana grew from 1.9 percent to 2.9 percent between 2002 and 2008 .
The biggest rise was in people 55 to 59 - years old , where pot use has gone from 1.6 percent to 5.1 percent .
We ca n’t say we ’re surprised , nor can we say we ’re happy .
After all , the baby boom generation announced itself by loudly demanding its
Maypo
, and then graduated to fancy toys , cars , sex , drugs and mutual funds that would grow forever .
But we have to ask : Does n’t anyone remember St. Paul ’s comment about putting away our “ childish things , ” or the fact that pot is still illegal , and its marketing and distribution produces pain , violence and misery for thousands of people ?
We suspect the trend is going against us .
Massachusetts has decriminalized the personal use of marijuana , and Los Angeles reportedly has more medical marijuana clinics than Starbucks .
And it looks as though marijuana can ease the pain of cancer patients and people with other ailments .
Who knows ?
By the time Jane Doe really turns 100 , pot may be legal and our great - grandchildren will be wondering what the fuss was about .
Still , we prefer to face our golden years with the grace and dignity that befits our age and not with a joint and a brownie .
SPRINGFIELD , Ill. , March 27 ( UPI ) -- Illinois lawmakers have voted to deny former Gov. Rod Blagojevich money for an official portrait in the Statehouse , officials say .
The House approved the measure 85 - 23 Friday , and it now goes to the Senate , the Chicago Sun -Times reported .
The bill would allow Blagojevich to pay for his own portrait .
Advertisement
" I have no desire nor intent to revise history .
I also have no desire nor intent to see to it that someone who is impeached and convicted of impeachable offenses gets into the taxpayers ' purse for anything , " said Rep. Bill Black , a Republican and the bill 's chief sponsor .
Every previous Illinois governor hangs in the Statehouse .
That includes Blagojevich 's immediate predecessor , George Ryan , who was convicted after leaving office of corruption while he was Illinois secretary of state .
Blagojevich , a Democrat , became internationally notorious when tapes were released suggesting he tried to sell the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama when he became president .
At least one Democrat suggested Blagojevich 's picture belongs in the seat of government .
" I think actually having a portrait of all the governors is a great opportunity for young people to learn what is good and what is bad , and hopefully to guard against those things that have happened in our history that were n't so enlightened , " Rep. Mike Boland said .
VISIT
Create , connect and discover in CBC Calgary 's temporary Create Space at the Central Library
CBC Calgary joins the Create Space in the Calgary Central Library with different stations for you to create and connect with your public broadcaster like never before .
Check out the stations here .
Every new command is wrapped in a tweet and posted to Twitter .
Following the stream is a great way of staying abreast of the latest commands .
For the more discerning , there are Twitter accounts for commands that get a minimum of 3 and 10 votes - that way only the great commands get tweeted .
Use your favourite RSS aggregator to stay in touch with the latest commands .
There are feeds mirroring the 3
Twitter streams as well as for virtually every other subset ( users , tags , functions , … ) :
Subscribe to the feed for :
If you had to single out one cool , geeky technology as the preeminent cool , geeky technology , lasers would be a fine choice .
They 've enriched our gadgets , confused our cats , and , for half a century , lit up our imaginations .
Advertisement
On March 22 , 1960 , back when everybody had three names , Arthur Leonard Schawlow and Charles Hard Townes received the first laser patent .
The event marked the beginning of a long , contentious patent dispute with a physicist named Gordon Gould who claimed that he , in fact , was the true inventor of the laser .
But this is n't about Schawlow or Townes or Gould or patents — it 's about lasers .
And how awesome they are .
Lasers , of course , replaced needles as the predominant method of reading circular media , finding homes in all of our CD , DVD , and Blu - Ray players .
They won us over in the form of laser pointers , which we immediately found to be more effective for terrorizing neighbors and perplexing kittens than for directing attention to PowerPoint presentations .
But lasers are now essential in a wide variety of fields , with scientists and soldiers and countless specialists in between depending on them every day .
Advertisement
Still , despite the widespread use of lasers today , there is something undeniably futuristic about them .
As evidenced by their role in such a wide variety of science - fiction favorites , we 've always been certain that no matter what the future holds , lasers will somehow be part of it .
In fact , the Death Star is a telling example in this respect , as if the only logical end point for the industrial military complex and humanity 's entropic tendencies was a gigantic planet - destroying laser beam .
( Reagan 's Star Wars program was n't only life imitating art , but life imitating laser . )
But I 'm not so pessimistic when it comes to the future of lasers .
Even at 50 , lasers are being tested in exciting new applications seemingly every day .
Chief among them : elevating the process of zapping mosquitoes dead to a balletic art .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So all at once now : happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday , dear lasers , happy birthday to " pew . " [ Wikipedia ]
Advertisement
Image credit Thomas Ormston
Early this morning , Christiane Amanpour hosted Dr. Denis Mukwege , Annie Rashidi-Mulumba and Leymah Gbowee at The Daily Beast 's Women in the World conference for a difficult discussion on rape as a weapon of war , and what to do about it .
Advertisement
Dr. Denis Mukwege is a gynecologist at the Panzi Hospital in Bukavu , in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , where he specializes ( to his chagrin ) in treating women who have been brutally raped .
Annie Rashidi-Mulumba is a Congolese activist who serves as a consultant to the UN .
Leymah Gbowee led a nationwide sex strike in Liberia after , as she says , she and the other woman of Liberia grew tired of being raped as part of the country 's civil war .
All of them have been exposed to sexual violence as a weapon of war , and believe that breaking the silence that surrounds rape is a crucial step to ending it .
Mukwege and Rashidi - Lumumba do n't call what goes on in the Congo " rape " anymore : what they see is too brutal , too — in Mukwege 's words — " ferocious " to bear much resemblance to what people are able to process as rape .
Rashidi - Lumumba calls it " sexual massacre " and told the audience ,
" Most women are raped multiple times .
If you see a woman and go back in a week , she will have been raped again .
Women are gang raped by many men and , when they are done , they rape her with sticks , and guns and knives .
Sand is put into their vaginas . "
Advertisement
Mukwege calls what is done to his countrywomen terrorism :
" We have to treat sexual violence as terrorism .
We must face up to the fact that sex is being used as a terrorist act . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Both Mukwege and Rashidi - Lumumba described how women feel as though they have nothing left after rape , which , in many countries , is increasingly public and involves mutilation .
Mukwege said :
" When we started the hospital , it was n't to care for victims of sexual violence ...
I have been working in this part of the Congo for 25 years , and then , all of the sudden , there were all these women coming to me with these wounds .
At first , they did n't want to tell me , but when a woman comes in with almost like burns to her vagina and no other violence , you know what has happened . "
Advertisement
Women did n't want to talk about what happened to them because of the shame involved .
Rashidi - Lumuba said that many women once thought that " There is no life after rape " and that part of her work was literally to educate women to go to the hospital after being raped .
Both believe that it's of primary importance to teach women that it 's simply not true that there is no life after sexual violence .
Mukwege said :
" The first thing that women have to understand is that they have a responsibility to go on living .
When we speak to them , we say , ' You have the right to go on living .
You are worthwhile . ' " ...
The must understand they have the right to live , they must not feel guilty .
Advertisement
Despite calling Human Rights
Watch in 2001 to bear witness to what has been done to his patients , Mukwege says that little has changed in the last decade except that , at long last , some women are beginning to protest in the streets their treatment at the hands of soldiers and militiamen .
The third panelist , Leymah Gbowee , knows a little about protesting .
When her country was consumed with violence and she and many other Liberian women were constantly under the threat of assault , she led a 2,500 woman protest to the gates of former President Charles Taylor 's palace and forced him to enter into negotiations to end the civil war .
When it was n't going well , she and her fellow female protesters barricaded the leaders in their room without food or water until they came to an agreement .
She told the audience :
" One of the things that propelled us as Liberian women was that the cost of staying silent was higher than the cost of doing something . "
Advertisement
Rashidi-Mulumba called her presentation inspiring — which it was .
To listen to Gbowee talk — even from the balcony where I sat — is to feel her power and her absolute determination to create change .
Rashidi-Lumumba identified two ongoing problems in the DRC in response to questions : the UN presence , which is set to expire , and the market for minerals from the DRC .
Although the UN is technically there to protect the citizens of the DRC , Rashidi - Lumumba says they often do n't help .
Advertisement
" People have mixed feelings about the UN presence because they do n't do anything .
People are being raped int he refugee camps .
People think there will be no difference if the UN leaves . "
Advertisement
Amanpour pointed out that there is evidence that the various milita groups know that as long as they do n't directly threaten the UN troops , they can get away with almost anything — including sexual slavery of women in the DRC .
Gbowee agreed .
" There 's a lot of lip service when you talk about UN involvement ...
The UN starts a mission , they assign a gender adviser who shows up six months after the mission starts and even then she has no budget . "
Advertisement
Neither of them see the UN as an inherently positive organization when it comes to their countries .
When it comes to minerals , Rashidi - Lumumba wants people to know that it's not just diamonds for which , in her words , the various factions are trying to exterminate people .
" The towns that have coltan , that 's where to rapes are really brutal , where they are done in public ...
It 's to make the people run away from the town so they can exploit the minerals and export them to China and elsewhere . "
Advertisement
Coltan — 80 percent of which is located in the DRC — is a necessary component in most electronics and , as a report noted last year , is deliberately impossible to track once it makes it out of the DRC .
But what of the " solutions " part of the conference as heralded by The Daily Beast ?
Gwobee had one :
" Call on your First Lady to ask all the African First Ladies to come together to talk about sexual violence .
If Michelle Obama does that , they well all come runnning ...
First Ladies run Africa , and people tend to forget that .
If they tell their husbands to do something , things will get done . "
Advertisement
Michelle Obama , by the way , will make her first official solo trip in April to Mexico to discuss education issues and economic advancement with Mexican First Lady Margarita Zavala de Calderon , so it 's not totally out of the question .
But whatever we do , and we need to do something , we need to do it soon .
Women in war - torn areas should n't have to wait for their leaders to realize that when 90 percent of a country is subject to sexual violence , it 's not an isolated issue : it 's an epidemic .
To follow Megan Carpentier 's Twitter coverage of the Daily Beast events , click here .
Advertisement
Related : Rape as a Weapon of War [ The Daily Beast ]
Daily Beast Women In The World Conference [ Daily Beast ]
Women In The World Summit Agenda [ Daily Beast ]
Rape As A Weapon Of War [ The Daily Beast ]
Michelle Obama Announces Trip To Mexico [ Washington Post ]
Earlier : Is Your Gadget Addiction Supporting Rape In The Congo ?
The Faces Of Congo's Women
War Crimes Against Women , Men , Continue Unabated Abroad
Eve Ensler : " Rape Is A Very Cheap Method Of Warfare "
Eve Ensler 's New Monologue Will Take Your Breath Away
" Here At The Hospital , We've Seen Women Who Have Stopped Living "
Critics Find The Greatest Silence " Chilling " But " Frustrating "
" They Said If My Parents Didn't Give Them Money They Would Rape Me "
In Congo , They Rape Three - Year - Olds
The New York Times Decides Not To Forget About Congo
Remember Dr. Denis Mukwege ?
Rape In The Congo Is Not , And Never Was , About " Sex "
Advertisement
A top Microsoft executive on Tuesday suggested a broad Internet tax to help defray the costs associated with computer security breaches and vast Internet attacks , according to reports .
Speaking at a security conference in San Francisco , Microsoft Vice President for Trustworthy Computing Scott Charney pitched the Web usage fee as one way to subsidize efforts to combat emerging cyber threats -- a costly venture , he said , but one that had vast community benefits .
ADVERTISEMENT
" You could say it 's a public safety issue and do it with general taxation , " Charney noted .
Ultimately , Charney was only offering one suggestion during the RSA security conference ; not a precise policy prescription .
But his idea has already riled many in the computer world , some of whom have since charged Microsoft and its historically vulnerable Windows operating system are responsible for countless , worldwide cybersecurity problems .
Still , Charney implored those in his own industry to focus more on " social solutions " to growing Internet security concerns .
He described the importance of cybersecurity in terms of national healthcare , noting that computer ailments and hacks , like preventable diseases , travel to and incapacitate other , connected units -- not just the infected user 's home computer .
" Just like we do defense in depth in IT , we have to do defense in depth in ... response , " he later added .
March 3 , 2010  -- JFK airport is one of the largest airports in the country , handling a thousand takeoffs and landings a day .
But at approximately 8 pm on the evening of Feb. 16 a child was caught on tape in the control tower directing air traffic and giving instructions to pilots .
" Jet Blue 171 , clear for takeoff , " the young boy said , according to audio recordings from LiveATC.net .
The boy was speaking to Sacramento bound Airbus A320 that departed JFK airport at 7:56 pm , according to flightstats.com , a Website that tracks flight information .
The pilot replied " Clear for takeoff , 171 . "
The child 's father , who is a certified controller , brought his son to work with him but then put him to work as well , according to the Federal Aviation Administration .
" This is what you get , guys , when the kids are out of school , " the father said to a pilot .
" Wish I could bring my kid to work , " the pilot responded .
Yet on the audio recording , the pilots appear more amused than worried .
" Jet Blue 171 , contact departure , " the boy , who is believed to be around 8 or 9 - years - old , said .
" Over to Jet Blue departure , 171 .
Awesome job , " the pilot responded .
The young boy continued directing pilots for several takeoffs .
" 4 - 0 - 3 , prepare for takeoff , " the boy said .
According to flightstats.com this Aeromexico flight was departing at 7:56 pm for Mexico City .
" 4 - 0 - 3 , preparing for takeoff .
Thank you very much , have a great day , " the pilot responded .
" A - Mex 4 - 0 - 3 , contact departure , adios , " the boy said .
" Adios , amigo , " the boy said , speaking to another plane .
" Adios , amigo , " the pilot responded .
" Over to departure , Jet Blue 195 . "
Jet Blue flight 195 departed at 7:58 pm for Las Vegas , according to flightstats.com .
The FAA , which has n't released the names of the controllers involved , is not treating this as a joke .
It is investigating the controller , as well as a supervising controller .
Both have been relieved of their duties , the FAA said .
" This behavior is not acceptable and does not demonstrate the kind of professionalism expected from FAA employees , " the agency said in a statement .
The air traffic controllers ' union echoed the FAA , saying in a statement : " We do not condone this type of behavior in any way " and said it does not represent " the highest professional standards controllers set for themselves . "
John Nance , an ABC News consultant and a former pilot , said the incident was " like the equivalent of having my kid on my knee while landing an airplane as a commercial pilot , it is simply not permissible . "
But while Nance called the incident " a rather substantial error in judgment on the part of the controllers , " he said there was not a danger to the airplane or passengers .
" Safety was n't involved because we have a very exquisitely developed method of read back and the controller was right there with this kid .
If the kid had said something wrong and that had been read back incorrectly he would have been able to catch it instantaneously , " Nance said .
In a statement released this afternoon the FAA said that it would also suspend " all unofficial visits to FAA air traffic control operational areas , such as towers and radar rooms , " during the investigation .
The agency said it will also conduct a review of its policies on visitors .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
By Imogen Foulkes
BBC News , Geneva
Opponents argued that Switzerland had enough animal protection laws
Voters in Switzerland have rejected a proposal to introduce a nationwide system of state - funded lawyers to represent animals in court .
Animal rights groups had proposed the move , saying that without lawyers to argue the animals ' case , many instances of cruelty were going unpunished .
But the measure was rejected by around 70 % of voters in a referendum .
Opponents had argued that Switzerland did not need more legislation .
The government had opposed the idea .
Voters were almost certainly swayed by worries about how much such a system might cost taxpayers , and by objections from Switzerland 's farmers already struggling with reduced subsidies and falling milk prices .
Switzerland already has some of the strictest animal welfare legislation in the world .
Pigs , budgies , goldfish and other social animals cannot be kept alone ; horses and cows must have regular exercise outside in summer and winter ; and dog owners have to take training courses to learn how to care for their pets .
Contents show ]
Introduction
Final Fantasy XI for the PC has a number of different settings relating to the quality of graphics used in the game .
The purpose of this guide is to assist the more adventurous PC users in improving the graphics and / or performance of their PC while playing Final Fantasy XI .
This guide assumes the user has a basic understanding of computers .
It is not intended as a beginner 's guide .
WARNING : This guide describes using the Windows Registry to make changes to the game 's settings which may or may not be possible through the standard FFXI Config tool .
Altering the Windows Registry is dangerous , and improper adjustments could prevent FFXI from working or even prevent Windows from functioning altogether .
Alter these settings at your own risk and always make backups before making changes !
Definitions
render
This is the process by which a 3 - D environment is flattened into a 2 - D image to be displayed on your monitor or television .
polygon
The 3 - D environments in Final Fantasy XI are made up of a large number of simple geometric polygons .
It 's easy to identify a polygon because its face will always be flat and its edges will always be straight .
These polygons are the foundation for Final Fantasy XI 's 3 - D environment .
texture
This term refers to a 2 - D image which is applied to the face of a polygon in order to give it the appearance of having a texture rather than a single solid color on a perfectly flat surface .
Quite often textures will start out as a very complicated 3 - D design , and be rendered out into a 2 - D image during the game 's design phase in order to save the gaming platform from having to render each and every bump on each and every surface .
Instead , a pre-rendered texture is repeated over the surface to create the illusion that the objects being rendered have more detail than they really do .
pixel A pixel is the smallest unit of display on a display device like a monitor or television .
Their size can vary depending on your display 's size and resolution .
The following red dot demonstrates a single pixel on your current display : ·
Registry Overview
All modifications to the settings of the game described in this guide will be done with a program called Regedit .
To access this program , click on Start > Run , type " regedit " and click " OK " .
The configuration for FFXI is stored in the following registry key :
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\PlayOnlinexx\SquareEnix\FinalFantasyXI
If you are running a 64 bit operating system , the configuration is located here :
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\PlayOnlinexx\SquareEnix\FinalFantasyXI
" xx " denotes the regional version .
PlayOnline for JP clients , PlayOnlineUS for US clients and PlayOnlineEU for EU clients .
Before making any changes to the above key , it is recommended that you create a backup .
In order to make a backup , select the key and click on " File > Export ... " .
Choose a location to save the " .REG " file and remember where you save it .
In the event that you alter the registry in a way that breaks Final Fantasy XI , simply double - click on the " .REG " file to copy the original settings back in .
Please note that all values given in this guide for altering the registry are in decimal ( base 10 ) , while the default for the registry is hexadecimal ( base 16 ) .
When modifying numeric values , please make sure all values you enter are in decimal .
If not , any values greater than 9 that you input will be saved incorrectly .
The following is a quick reference for the values found in the above registry key :
Value Description 0000 MIP mapping 0001 Screen resolution width in pixels 0002 Screen resolution height in pixels 0003 Background resolution width in pixels 0004 Background resolution height in pixels 0007 Music and Sound effects ( 0=Off , 1=On ) 0011 Environmental Animation ( 0=Off , 1=Normal , 2 =Smooth ) 0017 Bump Mapping ( 0=Off , 1=On ) 0018 Texture Compression ( 0= High , 1=Low , 2 =Uncompressed ) 0019 On - Screen Maps ( 0 =Compressed , 1 =Uncompressed ) 0021 Hardware Mouse Cursor ( 0 = Disabled , 1 =Enabled ) 0022 Intro Movie ( 0 = Disabled , 1 =Enabled ) 0023 Simplified character creation visuals ( 1=Yes , 0=No ) 0024 FUNCTION UNKNOWN ( 0 ) 0028 Gamma Base ( 0x3f800000=1.0 , 0=0.0 , 0xbf800000= - 1.0 ) 0029 Sound Effect Number ( 12 - 20 ) 0030 FUNCTION UNKNOWN (0 ) Changing this setting to other than 0 will cause a split screen effect .
0031 FUNCTION UNKNOWN ( 1002740646 ) 0032 FUNCTION UNKNOWN ( 0 ) 0033 FUNCTION UNKNOWN ( 0 ) 0034 Window Mode ( 0 = Full Screen , 1 = Window Mode , 3 =Borderless Window Mode ) 0035 ( Sound ) Always On ( 0=Off , 1=On ) Specifies if game sound will play when program window is not in focus ( alt - tabbed ) .
0036 Fonts ( 0 =Compressed , 1 = Uncompressed , 2= High Quality ) 0037 Menu resolution width ( 0 =defaults to registry value 0001 ) 0038 Menu resolution height ( 0 =defaults to registry value 0002 ) 0039 FUNCTION UNKNOWN ( 1 ) 0040 Graphics Stabilization ( 0=Off , 1=On ) 0042 Game Installation Path ( Defaults to C: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Playonline \SquareEnix \FINAL FANTASY XI ) 0043 Screenshot Resolution ( 0 =Default , 1=Screen 's Resolution ) padmode000 Gamepad ( or other USB input ) Configuration ( 0=Off , 1=On ) ( Enable Gamepad , Enable force feedback , Enable slider , Enable hat switches , Enable gamepad when game is inactive , Enable XInput ) ( Example format 0,0,0,0,0,0 through 1,1,1,1,1,1 ) padsin000 Button Mapping for Gamepad ( or other USB input ) Configuration ( Best changed through the FFXiPadConfig application in game installation folder under Toolsxx depending on region )
Overlay Graphics Resolution ( Screen Size )
The screen resolution is defined in values 0001 and 0002 of the registry key .
It represents the physical number of pixels displayed on your screen .
Value 0001 represents the width of the screen and value 0002 represents the height of the screen .
Therefore , when a resolution of " 800x600 " is referenced , this means 800 pixels wide , 600 pixels tall .
If you wish to run your game in 800x600 resolution , you would set value 0001 to " 800 " and 0002 to " 600 " .
As mentioned above , please make sure you enter the values in decimal , not hexadecimal .
It is recommended that you use the FFXI Config Utility for specifying this value .
This setting is very delicate , and can only be set to a limited number of supported resolutions .
It is important that both your video card and your monitor support the screen resolution , or the game will not work .
This is NOT to be confused with the background ( 3 - D ) resolution .
This is the resolution at which the game will be displayed on the screen , and has a greater impact on things such as menus , chat logs , and other 2 - D artifacts than it does on the 3 - D environment .
This setting should be adjusted more based on what feels natural than what provides more detail .
For players with an LCD monitor , it is usually best to use the native resolution of that monitor ( the highest allowed , often 1280x1024 ) .
The " native resolution " is the physical resolution of the monitor , if you try to display a lower resolution then it will earn you slightly better performance but the image will be distorted in order to display it on your monitor .
This is not the case for CRT monitors , which can actually change their physical resolution to match the computer 's output .
The following screen resolutions are generally supported by all monitors and video cards :
Standard ( 4:3 ) Widescreen ( 16:10 ) HDTV ( 16:9 ) 640 x 480
800 x 600
1024 x 768
1280 x 1024
1600 x 1200 720 x 576
800 x 480
1280 x 768
1440 x 900
1680 x 1050
1920 x 1200
2560 x 1600 720 x 480
1280 x 720
1920 x 1080
2560 x 1440
Background Resolution
The background resolution is the resolution at which the 3 - D graphics in the game are rendered .
Most PC games render the 3D enviroment at the same resolution the screen resolution is set at .
However , Final Fantasy XI renders the 3D enviroment at an independent resolution than that of the screen resolution .
The background ( 3D ) graphics are rendered at this fixed resolution and then scaled to fit the screen resolution .
This setting has the greatest effect on the overall quality of graphics out of all the settings that you can change .
For example , a background resolution of 512x512 is rendered at 512x512 pixels .
If the overlay ( screen resolution ) is 800x600 , the background image is stretched to fit all of the screen .
Similarly , when this setting is something other than the screen resolution the game 's graphics are either undersampled ( the smaller image is stretched to fit the larger screen resolution ) or oversampled ( the larger image is shrunken to fit the smaller screen resolution ) .
This has some interesting side effects .
Undersampling
This is the process by which a 3 - D image is rendered below the screen 's resolution and then expanded to fit the screen .
The end result is an image that is poor in quality because the system is only working with the information contained in 1 pixel and trying to span that across multiple pixels .
Undersampled images are generally described as " blocky " , most noticeably at the edges of a polygon .
Oversampling Opposite of undersampling , an image is rendered in higher detail and then shrunken to the smaller screen .
The end result is that for each pixel on screen , there is more than one pixel of information to draw from , so the system is able to average the information out and create a much more accurate image .
This is very similar to the effect known as anti-aliasing , which does basically the same thing but only for polygon edges .
Anti-aliasing is a much more efficient approach since oversampling polygon faces is generally not very beneficial , but unfortunately Final Fantasy XI is not compatible with anti-aliasing .
The example below illustrates some possible background resolutions , demonstrating background resolutions of half the screen resolution , matched to screen resolution , and double the screen resolution .
Pay close attention to the edges between two surfaces .
For example , between the floor and the wall in the top image .
On the undersampled version you get an extremely jagged edge , sort of a staircase effect .
On the matched version , you can still see a staircase , but each stair is exactly 1 pixel tall .
In the oversampled version , the staircase is much less apparent .
This is because the system is taking 4 pixels and merging them into 1 , meaning if the top two pixels are the wall , and the bottom 2 pixels are the floor , then it assigns an average between the two for that pixel on the screen .
For users with a widescreen display , the problem of undersampling ( and the subsequent loss of quality ) is even more pronounced because the FFXI Config utility only allows you to set the background resolution as high as 1024x1024 .
As a result , widescreen displays are almost always being undersampled along the X - axis ( since they display more than 1024 pixels wide ) .
Using the maximum default settings , any display of 1680x1050 or higher is being undersampled on both axis which results in a sometimes considerable loss of quality .
In these cases , even setting the background resolution to match your monitor 's native resolution can provide a substantial visual improvement .
Obviously , oversampling will improve the visuals even further .
Another thing to pay attention to is the fact that textures are affected only minimally .
This is because the rendering engine is able to access the textures at a much higher level of detail even if the scene is rendered at an undersampled resolution .
The textures are pre-rendered with a specific level of detail during the game 's development phase , and so changing the background resolution will not drastically alter their appearances .
When specifying the background resolution , using power - of - 2 sizes is recommended for best performance and compatibility with graphics cards and drivers ( 256x256 , 512x512 , 1024x1024 , 2048x2048 ) .
Specifying a background resolution equal ( or scaled 2x,etc ) to the overlay resolution ( screen resolution ) via a registry edit is possible , but may not function or be optimal for frame - rate , keep this in mind if you make changes to this setting and encounter any problems .
Note that this setting will not affect the appearance of 2 - dimensional artifacts such as the chat log , menus , equipment , and so forth .
MIP Mapping
Mip Mapping is the process of reducing large textures into smaller ones to optimize for display at a distance .
When textures are close to a to the point of view ( or essentually close to the screen ) they appear in maximum detail .
So if you have a 100x100 texture at native or full zoom you will see all 100 pixels represented .
However when that same texture in the background it may only take up a 10 by 10 space .
this means that when the texture is rendered it will not be accurately displayed and information will be lost .
At a 10x10 distance the game will have 10 pixels of information PER pixel .
This causes things at a distance to " sparkle " one way to combat this is with " Mip Mapping " which uses lower resolution textures for more distant objects .
To be more specific mip mapping will take your 100x100 image and sample it down to 10x10 , once the image is far enough away it will sub in the 10x10 version until you get close enough to need to 100x100 version back .
The higher the mip map setting the more mip maps ( mips ) that are generated .
Mip Mapping VS non-mip mapping .
Mip mapping will reduce the amount of " sparkle " in distant options and smooth out distant textures .
However it will also cause a slight reduction in detail .
The possible settings are :
0 ( off ) No MIP mapping .
Distant objects will be rendered in full detail .
1 ( on ) MIP mapping on .
Objects at a certain distance will have a smaller mip applied to them , and textures at a certain distance will be slightly more " blurry " .
Note that you can actually use settings higher than 1 here .
( note you will need to change the registry or use 3rd party software to adjust this beyond 1 ) This will not change the distance at which environmental objects ( trees and such ) have less detail , but it will increase the blurring effect of distant textures .
The higher the number , the closer the blurring will occur .
The example below illustrates the effect of the MIP map setting on distant textures .
The difference is very difficult to see even with a high level of oversampling .
With low MIP map setting on , you will constantly notice the level of detail being adjusted as you move around in your environment .
The optimal setting is one to where you do n't notice the changes unless you are watching for them .
Environmental Animation
This is a pretty simple setting , and its name pretty much says it all .
This determines the framerate at which objects in the environment move , and is defined in the registry value 0011 .
The possible settings are :
0 ( off ) No animation .
The trees and bushes will not sway in the wind , torch flame will not flicker , etc. 1 ( normal )
The trees and bushes will sway but their motion will not be smooth .
They will move a little , stop , move a little , stop , in very rapid succession , making the movement appear unnatural .
2 ( smooth )
The framerate will be increased so that the motion is more natural .
This setting will not have a huge impact on gameplay , and turning the setting down will not free up many system resources .
For that reason , it is advised to leave this on 2 ( smooth ) .
Textures
Bump Mapping
Bump mapping is a process by which the textures of an object are given the appearance of 3 - D depth .
Normally a texture is created with a preset light source in a preset position , so that no matter how you shine light on an object the shadows and highlights of the texture will always be the same .
Bump mapping assigns limited 3 - D attributes to the texture so that the shadows and highlights can be generated with consideration for the various light sources in the environment .
See the figure below for an example :
Texture Compression
Texture Compression has three settings : High , Low , and Uncompressed .
The textures this setting affects are clouds , light flares , and all environmental textures .
The gap in quality is very noticeable when playing at a high resolution .
Experiment with all of them and find what works best for your computer .
On-screen Maps
This has two settings .
Compressed and Uncompressed .
Default is set to compressed .
I assume this is for the 2D textures displayed in the overlay .
Or it may the 2D map textures shown when typing / map , /rmap , / bmap , etc. Clarification is needed !
Conclusion
There are numerous settings to control the appearance of your game , and lots of information on each setting in this guide .
How do you know which settings are right for your computer ?
Unfortunately , no guide can possibly tell you this .
Not only is each computer different , but so is each player !
When discussing graphics , there are two ends of the spectrum .
On one end you have quality , and on the other you have performance .
On the quality end you may have a beautiful scene rendered for every frame , but you only get a couple of frames per second which can hinder your gameplay .
On the performance end , your game runs smoothly while each individual frame itself is nothing spectacular .
In order to achieve the optimum balance of quality & performance , you must first identify the limits of your machine .
Get your game looking as beautiful as possible by turning all compression off ( including MIP map ) , bump mapping on , full shadows and weather effects , set screen resolution to whatever looks most natural , set background resolution to at least double the screen resolution , etc .
Now from here you can get a baseline of how your machine performs .
If your game still runs smoothly , then you do n't need to change anything .
However , it 's more likely that it will not run smoothly .
This is the hard part , you must decide which settings you want to sacrifice in exchange for more performance .
From reading this guide , you should have a pretty good idea of what each setting does .
Begin by turning down the settings which do not make a visible difference to you .
For example , many people find that bump mapping is not worthwhile in this game due to poor implementation , so that is often the first setting to be disabled in order to gain performance .
Another is MIP mapping , many people do n't even notice the effects of this setting so it can be a good way to gain a boost in performance .
You may even be able to turn up the texture compression or on - screen map compression without any noticable decrease in quality .
Trust your eyes here , there 's no point in rendering more quality than your eyes can discern .
Once you 've turned down as many settings as possible to gain performance , if your machine is still not running very smoothly you will need to begin sacrificing noticable quality in order to achieve better performance .
Some of the settings which have a large impact on performance are :
Background resolution
Clipping Distance
Shadows
Weather effects
All four of these settings have a high impact on both quality and performance , so they should be adjusted carefully .
There are probably a few settings out of these four that you simply will not want to compromise at any cost , which is fine .
For example if you really enjoy the weather effects in FFXI , then you may decide to lower your background resolution in order to sustain the weather effects without bogging your PC down .
This is where the personal taste comes in and there is no easy solution .
Spend the time getting these settings right , and you wo n't regret it !
OK so I am getting back into the video world with a very appropriate , prim and proper little video about cookies !
Mexican Hot Chocolate Snickerdoodles , to be exact .
And I blather on about the Aztecs and autumn a bit in the video so I wo n’t overdo it here .
But let me just say that they are one of my absolute favorites in the book , you probably already have all the ingredients , and I hope you make them !
Mexican Hot Chocolate Snickerdoodles
Makes 2 dozen Cookies
A beautiful crackle topped chocolate cookie with a spicy cayenne kick and a sugary cinnamon coating .
Sold ?
For the topping :
1/3 cup sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
For the cookies :
1/2 cup canola oil
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup pure maple syrup
3 tablespoons almond milk ( Or your preferred non-dairy milk )
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon chocolate extract ( or more vanilla extract if you have no chocolate )
1 2/3 cups flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon cayenne
Preheat oven to 350 F .
Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper .
Mix the topping ingredients together on a flat plate .
Set aside .
In a medium mixing bowl , use a fork to vigorously mix together oil , sugar , syrup , and milk .
Mix in extracts .
Sift in remaining ingredients , stirring as you add them .
Once all ingredients are added mix until you ’ve got a pliable dough .
Roll dough into walnut sized balls .
Pat into the sugar topping to flatten into roughly 2 inch discs .
Transfer to baking sheet , sugar side up , at least 2 inches apart ( they do spread ) .
This should be easy as the the bottom of the cookies should just stick to your fingers so you can just flip them over onto the baking sheet .
Bake for 10 to 12 minutes , they should be a bit spread and crackly on top .
Remove from oven and let cool for 5 minutes , then transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely .
From Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar
Twitter vs. Terror
During the turmoil that followed Iran ’s disputed 2009 presidential election , thousands of opposition supporters and other protesters communicated and organized through Twitter .
So important was this social networking site to supporting the pro-democracy " green movement " that the U.S. State Department contacted corporate representatives of Twitter to ask them to delay a routine maintenance shutdown of the microblogging site .
In the strife - torn Democratic Republic of the Congo , U.S. officials are working with radio and cell - phone operators to reach isolated militia fighters with messages from former combatants now urging them to put down their arms and return to civilian life .
In Pakistan , the State Department paid for 24 million text messages as a way to help support a new mobile - phone - based social network , Humari Awaz , or " Our Voice . "
The gesture helps increase U.S. government engagement with the Pakistani people , strengthens communities , and can assist small businesses in gaining better market information .
These are just some of the latest examples of what is being called " 21st - century statecraft , " using the capabilities of modern communications and social networking technologies to win hearts and minds and improve the American image abroad .
It represents an important leap forward from traditional U.S. outreach efforts , such as Voice of America and Radio Free Europe .
The adroit use of social networking sites , such as Twitter , Facebook , and others , coupled with text messages and increasingly widespread mobile - phone technology , can help lend support to existing grassroots movements for freedom and civil rights , connect people to information , and help those in closed societies communicate with the outside world .
It also promises to give a strong economic boost to small entrepreneurs and the rural poor .
The World Bank estimates that for every 10 percent increase in the number of mobile - phone users in a developing country , there is nearly a 1 percent increase in its economic output .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has championed the use of communications technology in diplomacy and development .
In November in Morocco , she announced the " Civil Society 2.0 " initiative , which will offer training and advice to local nongovernmental organizations around the world on how to use the Internet and other digital media to organize , communicate , and be more effective .
She has also appointed a special advisor for innovation , Alec Ross , to examine ways to employ communications technology to enhance traditional diplomatic and development activities .
In a recent speech , he said that the State Department is using " these new connection technologies to engage and empower our interlocutors in new and different ways that are consistent with our foreign policy goals . "
The applications vary widely .
In Mexico , for instance , where drug - related crime and violence is at crisis level , the United States is helping set up a mobile - phone - based system so citizens can report crimes and tips anonymously .
In Afghanistan , the State Department and the Pentagon are working with the private sector to expand mobile - phone banking , an innovation that has been successful in Africa .
The hope is to improve the finances of people in rural conflict areas .
When violence displaced up to 2 million people from Pakistan ’s Swat Valley , the State Department quickly set up a mobile texting system so concerned Americans could make $ 5 donations for refugee relief with just a few keystrokes .
Technology offers new ways to perform the traditional task of spreading the American message .
During President Barack Obama ’s major Africa speech in Ghana last year , for instance , the government offered SMS texts of his remarks in English and French to cell - phone users across Africa and enabled them to post questions and comments .
But social networking technologies are more often used to enable individuals across a country , or across the globe , to interact , engage , and become empowered .
Although this means that our government will not be able to control the message as well as it might with conventional public diplomacy tools , I believe it is a risk worth taking .
Terrorists and other anti-American propagandists have for some time been using the Internet and other techniques to communicate and recruit .
America needs to beat them at their own game , especially since we invented most of the technology .
I would encourage the administration and our diplomats to be nimble , flexible , and innovative as they pursue a wide range of foreign - policy initiatives that use these new communication and connection techniques .
Diplomacy and development are our best means of winning the global war of ideas , and we must come to the battle armed with the most modern tools at our disposal .
Crop biotechnology giant Monsanto Co. has the most at stake in the first of an unprecedented series of public meetings that the antitrust wing of the Justice Department is holding across the Farm Belt .
In January , the Justice Department launched a formal antitrust investigation of the St. Louis company 's handling of the most widely planted genetically modified crop in the U.S. , a herbicide - immune soybean .
Now , ...
A failure of White House leadership
One other point on the public option :
This has been a complete and utter failure of White House leadership .
They need to give this effort their support , or they need to kill it by publicly stating their opposition .
But they can't simply wait for someone else to make the decision for them , which has been their strategy until now .
If the White House decides that reviving the public option is a good idea , there 's reason to believe the Senate would follow them on that .
It would make some sense , after all :
The public option is popular , its death was partly the product of industry pressure , and the sudden spate of high - profile rate increases offers a nice rhetorical pivot for anyone who wants to argue that individuals should be able to choose an insurer who 's not a profit - hungry beast .
Plus , Democrats need an excited base going into the 2010 election , and this may be the only way to get it .
If the White House decides to stick with the effort to look like hopeful bipartisans in the face of Republican opposition , that would make sense , too .
The sell on reconciliation is that it's a few final tweaks to a bill that has already passed .
The White House 's health - care proposal reflected that theory .
Resuscitating the public option is a very different play :
It 's a big change rather than a small tweak , and it's a polarizing decision after weeks of rhetoric emphasizing comity .
But the White House has stayed quiet -- and confusing .
Publicly , Kathleen Sebelius said the White House would do whatever Harry Reid wanted .
Privately , there 's been no support for this public option push , and the idea did n't even make a token appearance in their white paper .
They wish this was n't happening , but they 're not willing to put a stop to it .
Instead , they hoping someone else -- maybe Jay Rockefeller -- stands up and calls the play .
This is , however , the worst of all worlds .
In refusing to disappoint the left early , they 're assuring the sense of betrayal will be much more acute because the feeling of momentum will have far longer to build .
And in refusing to embrace this strategy cleanly , they 're making it harder to lay the groundwork for an effective communications strategy around a bill that 's tougher on insurers .
The problem is n't just that the White House is following , but that they 're making it harder to eventually lead .
Photo credit : By Ethan Miller / Getty Images
What Celebs Do to Pass the Time
Sensen No Sen is a concept from Japanese martial training , or budo , in which an opponent is countered in the split second before he has moved physically , but after he has mentally committed to an attack and cannot change course .
Just in time to celebrate Geek Week — Offbeat Bride Tribe member Darina and her fiance Niko have unveiled their 8 - bit video game wedding invitations that they designed themselves !
Darina explains :
" We knew that we did n't want standard paper invites .
We wanted something for people to keep and remember .
We are geeks .
We love video games .
Why not have a video game invite ? "
The video games have two player choices , you 're either the bride or the groom .
And the goal is to get to the end to see all the wedding info .
So here 's what it looks like …
Playing as Darina :
Playing as Niko :
It 's worth noting that the games start by asking the user to say whether they 've ever played a video game before .
We 're guessing that if the user selects NO , that the game plays itself . 🙂
The invitations / games come in jewel cases with informational booklets , and the cd also contains …
" … an original soundtrack and outtakes ( it took me two hours to get the " I 'm sorry Niko … " line straight ) .
It also promotes our awesome singing skills , by singing not only the wrong tune , but also the wrong words of the Soviet hymn . "
Check out the packaging that the bride and groom also designed themselves :
For those of you who are interested , here 's where you can download and play the invitations !
You can download it with Windows , or , using Wine , with Linux and Mac .
If their invitations are this geeky - cool , I can not WAIT to see their wedding porn !
In the mean time , we can satiate our thirst for gamer geekery on Offbeat Bride with these related posts :
Besides contributing at @ TheDailyWTF , I write DevDisasters for Visual Studio Magazine , and involved in various side projects including child rearing and marriage .
" One of our desktop applications has a progress bar in it , " Bryce N. writes , " and as I was working more and more with the code , I noticed that the progress bar would progress to a seemingly random part in the bar , but never past the halfway mark .
This would probably be ignored , if it were n't for the fact that I noticed that my breakpoints would only be hit when the bar reached the ' random ' mark . "
" While I was trying to discover why , I found this in the code : "
/* There is really NO eloquent way of calculating what the progress * of a given method / task will be .
One task may be downloading or copying a file while another * one might be grabbing huge chunks of data for file creation .
Since we want to see * a progress indicator but can't determine this value , we 'll simply play with it so it has the * appearance of running ; ( i.e. we 'll take it to 50 % , execute the task , then come back and finish * the progress upon completion . )
This is a Microsoft STANDARD ...
I 'm sure of it ! */ Random R = new Random ( ) ; int _percentage = R.Next ( Convert .ToInt32(.5 * _bar.Maximum ) ) ; string status = " " ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < _bar .
Maximum ; i++) { if ( i == _percentage ) { // execute the real code } // Always perform progress step _bar.PerformStep ( ) ; }
" Well , there you have it , the code tells the progress bar to progress somewhere between 0 and 1/5 the length of the bar , then execute the real code .
Brillant ! "
When people tell me that in harping on the Israel lobby , I am seeing a conspiracy , I say they are correct , and respond that in 1858 , Lincoln pushed the rise of the Republican Party because he saw a " conspiracy " of all the existing political structures – northern Democrat , southern Democrat , Whig , presidency , Supreme Court , Congress , the eastern press– in the racist colonization of Kansas / Nebraska in violation of the affirmed US policy , the Missouri compromise , which is a very neat parallel to the complete cooperation of the American power structure in the racist colonization of the West Bank in violation of stated U.S. policy .
You simply cannot talk about foreign policy in that region without talking about the influence of the lobby .
And things are even worse now in Canada , where the orthodoxy is more extreme ( and the conservative power structure is solidified by the Canadian hockey victory last night ) .
Here is an amazing piece in Maclean ’s showing how the Canadian human rights organization Rights and Democracy was taken over by neoconservatives with one concern , Israel .
In the midst of this process , the president of the organization –Remy Beauregard , who had been accused of palling around with terrorists– died .
Note Beauregard ’s distinguished career , and note that he had never experienced this type of scrutiny before .
Last June , Rémy Beauregard , the president of a federal government - funded human rights organization called Rights and Democracy , read aloud to his fellow board members from a long memo he had written .
The memo was his response to an evaluation of his job performance written by two members of the federal government - appointed board , Jacques Gauthier and Elliot Tepper .
The board ’s chairman , Aurel Braun , had sent along his own note endorsing the evaluation , which was highly critical of Beauregard … .
Beauregard ’s written response to the performance evaluation , obtained by Maclean ’s and revealed here for the first time , makes clear the extent to which this extraordinary controversy at Rights and Democracy was about the stance the organization , and by extension the government of Canada , should take with regard to Israel .
Beauregard got into trouble with Braun and the others for disbursing grants that seemed to take sides in the Middle East conflict .
Paradoxically , the Rights and Democracy board is now predominantly composed of people who have devoted much of their life to an unequivocal position : that no legal challenge to Israel ’s human rights record is permissible , because any such challenge is part of a global harassment campaign against Israel ’s right to exist … .
He had spent 40 years working in government and non-profit organizations , after all , often in human rights .
In 1986 he became the first person to run Ontario ’s Office of Francophone Affairs , trying to figure out how to extend services to the province ’s French - language minority .
His work in that post has made him a nearly heroic figure among Franco - Ontarians .
Later he ran the Ontario Human Rights Commission before working on a new constitution for Rwanda and human rights legislation for the Democratic Republic of Congao .
He ’d seen his share of tough fights .
But he ’d never seen anything like this .
His antagonists on the board were accusing him - in a secret memo they had fought to keep out of his hands - of failing to " improve the communications and interactions " between his office and the board .
In his accompanying memo , Braun wrote that all this was " constructive criticism and it is hoped that it will be viewed in that light by Mr. Beauregard . "
Braun had then spent three months trying to ensure Beauregard would not be permitted to view it in any light at all .
That was the June meeting .
Donica Pottie , the government representative , resigned from the board in September .
Still short of a workable voting majority , Braun cancelled the October board meeting on two days ’ notice .
Three weeks later , the government appointed two new board members , Michael Van Pelt and David Matas .
Van Pelt runs a Christian - oriented think tank .
Matas is a former federal Liberal candidate who volunteers as legal counsel with B’nai Brith Canada .
When the board finally met again in January , Matas , who had already served on the board in the 1990s , and Van Pelt showed themselves to be reliable allies of Braun , Gauthier and Tepper .
The removal of another board member and the resignations of two more gave Braun an unbeatable majority .
And then Rémy Beauregard died .
Of course nobody can know whether he would have lived longer in other circumstances .
But his death throws more public scrutiny on Rights and Democracy than any of the players expected .
Two public statements published simultaneously in Israel and Canada , days after Beauregard ’s death , hint at the broader strategy behind the changes at Rights and Democracy .
The first is an op -ed in the National Post signed by Braun and six of his allies on the board .
Referring to the grants to Al - Haq , B’Tselem and Al - Mezat , they write that two of the groups " are active in the lawfare movement , which is a strategy of abusing law to achieve military objectives - in this case , to punish Israel for anti-terror operations . "
Anywhere in the World excluding any trip in , to , or through Afghanistan , Belarus , Cuba , Congo , Iran , Iraq , Ivory Coast , Liberia , North Korea , Myanmar , Sudan , South Sudan , Syria and Zimbabwe .
The countries of the continent of Europe plus Morocco , Tunisia , Turkey and Israel but excluding any trip in , to , or through Belarus .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has warned Britain of economic " bumps in the road " ahead but vowed " we will weather the storm together " .
And in a pre-election swipe at his political rivals , he said " now is not the time to turn back " , adding : " I will not let you down . "
He also said the Budget would be held on 24 March and confirmed a pay freeze on senior public employees .
The Tories said the biggest risk to a recovery was Mr Brown staying in power .
Shadow Chancellor George Osborne said the prime minister had not delivered on his promise to " end boom and bust " and he had no new ideas to secure recovery , having previously announced a pay freeze on top public salaries .
' Dreadful storm '
" People will judge him on his record and they will see today he has nothing new to offer and , therefore , they will see that the biggest risk to recovery is five more years of him , " he told the BBC News Channel .
Whoever wins the election will have to deal with " an enormous economic mess " , said Mr Osborne , but he added : " The feeling out there in the country is that Britain is on the wrong track , we need change and the only way to deliver that change is to change the government and get in David Cameron . "
We are weathering the storm and now is no time to turn back
Gordon Brown
Budget in two weeks - PM Robinson : Brown as Churchill ?
The Conservatives have said a new " economic model " was needed to replace an economy burdened by public and private debt and have called for action to cut the deficit to begin straight after the election - expected to take place on 6 May .
The Lib Dems say the economy is too fragile to start cutting public spending now although they argue the government must have a credible strategy for cutting borrowing in the medium term .
Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said : " The Budget must clearly spell out where Labour intend to make spending cuts .
All we have seen from the prime minister today is more waffle . "
Separately , Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said his party would not raise taxes to bring down the deficit , stressing the focus must be on spending .
Revised figures published in February showed the UK emerged more strongly from recession at the end of last year than had previously been thought , but some economists have warned that growth could easily falter again in the coming months .
Mr Brown said the worst of the recession was over but the economic recovery remained " fragile " and could be undermined if spending cuts were pushed through too quickly .
" While we have come through the worst of this dreadful storm , the waters are still choppy .
There are still real risks to the recovery . "
Pay
He warned that " recklessly and rapidly " withdrawing the government support put in place after the financial collapse of 2008 would " risk driving our economy back into recession " .
But he also urged discipline in public sector pay , announcing a pay freeze on senior public servants such as NHS managers , top civil servants , judges and military leaders and the pay of consultants , GPs and dentists .
He said that combined with the measures announced in December this would save £ 3bn by 2013 / 14 .
The prime minister warned of further economic risks ahead and said equally tough decisions would be needed as those taken by Labour at the height of the 2008 financial crisis .
" We have got through this storm together , but there are still substantial risks ahead , there will be bumps in the road and I believe the only way to overcome them is by displaying the same strength and resolve that we did during the crisis and I will not let you down . "
' Character ' Speaking at the same London venue where David Cameron attacked Mr Brown 's economic policies last week , Mr Brown mounted a thinly veiled attack on the Tory leader , who has sought to make character an election issue .
" I believe that character is not about telling people what they want to hear but about telling them what they need to know .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's about having the courage to set your mission and the courage to take the tough decisions and stick to them without being blown off course , even when the going is difficult .
" With me what you see is what you get - and the stakes are high , we dare not risk the recovery for our task above all else is to preserve and expand the jobs and lift the standards of life of the British people .
" We are weathering the storm .
Now is no time to turn back .
We will hold to our course and we will complete this mission . "
In an interview with the BBC's Political Editor Nick Robinson , Mr Brown said it would be a " decisive " general election , with voters facing a choice between " moving forward " to greater prosperity and job security with Labour or a " free for all " under the Conservatives , with higher unemployment and cuts in services .
Budget details Meanwhile the Treasury confirmed , in a written statement to Parliament , that Chancellor Alistair Darling will deliver his much - awaited pre-election Budget on Wednesday 24 March .
The Conservatives have pressed the chancellor to use the occasion to give more detail about how he intends to meet Labour 's commitment to cut the deficit in half over the next Parliament .
They say the financial markets need greater reassurance on the matter , likening the deficit to a " dark cloud " hanging over the economy and its future recovery prospects .
On Sunday , Mr Darling said he was " absolutely committed " to this goal and said his tax and spending statement would show he was " on course " to cut borrowing from its forecast peak of £ 178bn this year .
He has ruled out a full spending review until there is more certainty about the economy and while promising to protect spending on health and schools has warned of " difficult choices " elsewhere .
Economists have warned that substantial spending cuts and further tax rises will be needed in the medium term to tackle the deficit but opinion is divided on when this process should begin .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With the release of Mega Man 9 , Capcom was able to successfully recreate the classic 8 - bit feel of the Mega Man series for game fans to enjoy , this time allowing the game to be downloaded on Nintendo 's WiiWare service .
Not only did the game bring back many of the unique gameplay mechanics of the earlier titles , ...
About The Game
The original 2D classic Mega Man returns in Mega Man 10 !
This latest Mega Man title continues to bring the series back to its old school roots with retro action , platform game play and classic 8 - bit style graphics and sound .
Rediscover the Mega Man experience with classically inspired new boss characters , each with their own unique weapons and vulnerabilities .
The year is 20XX and a suspicious outbreak of Roboenza , a Robot Flu , has broken out .
It spreads through the world like wildfire bringing down robots everywhere .
People who have relied on helpful robots for ages are unnerved trying to live their lives without their robot assistance .
One month after the outbreak , the situation worsens even more .
Infected robots have gone out of control , destroying the city and holding it hostage !
It ’s up to Mega Man to take on this sinister threat and get to the bottom of this viral mystery .
Washington - based forensic artist Joe Mullins has been adding years to various stars , such as Angelina Jolie , by predicting what they will look like in 2020 .
Credit : SPLASH
By now , you know that we have a small obsession with unique typography , so when we stumbled upon LetterCult ’s exhaustive roundup of the year in custom letters , we were totally transfixed .
These are the kinds of letters you want to doodle your name in , over and over .
After the jump we ’ve dropped ten of our favorite custom fonts from their vast pool ; check out LetterCult tomorrow for their personal top 10 .
Fiodor Sumkin
Ragehaus
Marian Bantjes
Jed Heuer
Julia Sonmi Heglund
Alison Carmichael
Jonathan Zawada
Paul Hollinsworth
Jonathan Zawada
Lawrence Villanueva
The most prominent symbol of Christian conservative power on the State Board of Education , former chair Don McLeroy , lost his seat Tuesday by a razor - thin margin , and with the loss , the board likely wo n't be quite as much of a Christian Conservative flash point any more .
What it will be , however , is anybody ’s guess .
In addition to McLeroy ’s defeat , longtime member Geraldine “ Tincy ” Miller was defeated by a political unknown in a race almost no one had been watching .
The board 's balance of power is delicate .
Though it ’s had ten Republicans and five Democrats serving , seven socially conservative Republicans formed a reliable voting bloc that , with the swing vote of Democratic member Rick Agosto , gave them the power to advance a socially conservative agenda .
That ’s over now .
Agosto did not seek re-election , and his probable replacement , Democrat Michael Soto , originally set out to challenge him and is n't likely to take the same positions Agosto took .
( Republican Tony Cunningham will run against Soto in the general election , but Cunningham has n’t filed an campaign finance report since 2006 , while Soto ’s last report showed him raising $ 14,000 . )
Without Agosto , the social conservative bloc needed both McLeroy and Ken Mercer to survive the election in order to maintain its power .
Both races featured incumbent social conservatives versus more mainstream Republicans .
Both were expected to be close .
One was , one was n’t .
McLeroy lost by just over one thousand votes against Thomas Ratliff , a lobbyist who also happens to be the son of former Lt. Gov. Bill Ratliff .
McLeroy led the board in rewriting English and Science standards , and he and his allies clashed with teacher ’s groups and mainstream education experts .
Ratliff campaigned on a platform of de-politicizing the board , and moving away from the contentious social debates .
While Ratliff led in fundraising through most of the race , McLeroy had a narrow lead as of the last pre-election reports .
He pulled further ahead with a last - minute $ 5,000 check from homebuilder Bob Perry , a major donor to Republicans .
But Ratliff still squeaked by with 51 percent of the vote — and without a Democratic opponent , he ’s all but done .
In contrast , Mercer ’s race turned out not to be much of a race at all .
The incumbent breezed by with 69 percent of the vote .
Challenger Tim Tuggey garnered the support from heavy hitters in San Antonio ’s Republican community , including automobile magnate Red McCombs and H - E - B Chairman and CEO Charles Butt .
Mercer now faces Democrat Rebecca Bell - Metereau in the general election .
The surprise of the night came in North Texas , where veteran incumbent Miller , who has served on the board since 1984 , lost to challenger George Clayton , an educator with an unorthodox platform .
Clayton only spent $ 1,788 on the race compared to Miller ’s $ 54,685 .
The SBOE that takes office next year will be very different from the current panel .
The social conservatives lost both their public face in McLeroy and their swing vote in Agosto .
Conservative bloc member Cynthia Dunbar did not seek re-election , and the Republican primary in her district will go to a run-off between her preferred successor , Bryan Russell , and Marsha Farney , who ended the first round in a virtual tie .
What Clayton ’s addition will mean for the board is n’t clear .
His platform , according to his website , argues for ending “ all punitive measures against teachers resulting from poor student performance on all district and state mandated tests ” and for requiring that all curriculum proposals “ be approved by a general vote of teachers in a district . ”
As for his views on social issues , the traditional flashpoint for the state board , the best clues come from his interview with the Dallas Observer , in which Clayton said : " It 's seems to me you can't be taught the one [ evolution ] without the other [ creationism ] .
It 's an impossibility to talk about evolution without mentioning creationism . "
Livin in the great white north , I gotta get me one of these :-)
James Bulger was abducted from a shopping centre in Bootle Jon Venables , one of the killers of James Bulger , must not be " prejudged " by speculation over allegations he faces , ministers have said .
Venables , now 27 , is back in jail after breaching the terms of his 2001 release in which he was given a new identity .
The Sunday Mirror alleged his recall to prison was linked to images of child abuse , but Ed Balls and Harriet Harman refused to be drawn on these claims .
James 's mother has said Venables should lose his anonymity if charged .
The Sunday Mirror also claims that Venables had sparked concerns by using drugs and revealing his past .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw would only say that he faces " extremely serious allegations " and the government was determined to ensure that justice was done .
I do n't want to prejudge any court case and I think it 's really important the media and politicians do n't prejudge
Ed Balls , Children 's Minister
Venables ' should be identified '
Every parent 's nightmare Labour 's Deputy Leader , Harriet Harman , told the BBC the government would not be drawn on the report .
" I 'm not saying whether it 's true or not because I do n't want to comment on it , " she said .
" At the time that Venables was sentenced , it was said that he should keep his anonymity and , as a general principle , we want to make absolutely sure that nobody can get off a criminal offence by saying ' I can't get a fair trial , there 's been too much publicity ' . "
The stance was backed by Children 's Secretary Ed Balls , who said it was important to ensure the public was protected .
" It was a terrible crime , the scars of James Bulger 's death are very deep for his family , [ and ] for all of us , " he told Sky News .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It was right for people to try rehabilitation but the first thing always has to be making sure the public are safe .
" Now you 'll understand I 'm not going to say anything about this case because I do n't want to prejudge any court case and I think it 's really important the media and politicians do n't prejudge and therefore potentially put at risk any further court action . "
James 's mother Denise Fergus , 42 , is due to meet Jack Straw next week to press him on the reasons for Venables ' recall .
But Mr Straw is not expected to divulge the reasons .
Venables ' solicitor at the time of his trial , Laurence Lee , blamed the Ministry of Justice for creating what he called the " speculation show " .
' Serious questions '
" If they 'd come clean and give us some information about what he'd done this would n't be happening now , " he told BBC Radio 5 live .
" I think if we'd been at least drip fed some information this wild speculation would n't have gone out of control like it has now . "
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said he was more concerned about newspaper reports of Venables ' activities than discovering the allegations he faced .
" This is somebody who has been released from prison , who is supposed to be on licence , is supposed to be under the control of the probation bodies , " he told Sky News .
" Something has gone wrong here and there will certainly be serious questions to be asked . "
Venables , alongside Robert Thompson , served eight years for the murder of two - year - old James .
Both boys became the UK's youngest murderers , as 10 - year - olds , after abducting James from a shopping centre in Bootle , Merseyside , in February 1993 .
His battered body was later found by children playing on a freight railway line more than two miles away .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
No other identifiers or logos , for any project , programme , office , experiment and others , will be authorised for use on ESA communication materials .
The ESA logo
The Deep Space version of the logo is the preferred colour on a white , neutral or light coloured background .
CODES
C100 M30 Y20 K75
R0 G50 B71
# 003247
DOWNLOAD
The ESA logo in white
The white version can be used on a dark or vivid background , provided there is enough contrast .
CODES
C0 M0 Y0 K0
R255 G255 B255
# FFFFFF
DOWNLOAD
The ESA logo in black
The black version is recommended when Deep Space ca n’t be used ( black & white documentation , monochrome prints , etc ) .
CODES
C0 M0 Y0 K100
R0 G0 B0
# 000000
DOWNLOAD
Inquiring minds are interested in a comparison between the state of California and Ontario , a province of Canada .
" Firefiend " Writes :
Ontario's Record Debt Level
Ontario Finance Minister Dwight Duncan Unveils 8 - Year Plan
Unrealistic and Irresponsible
Ontario's Anemic Effort To Clamp Down On Wages
What are they freezing ?
Unions angry over Ontario budget plans
Ontario's Plan To Eliminate The Deficit
California Fiscal Outlook
Will California Default ?
Total Debt Comparison
Canadian Banks vs. US Banks Comparison
Baseline Scenario
Please consider Ontario ’s Record Debt Level May Pressure Spreads Inquiring minds are investigating Ontario's 8 - Year Deficit Reduction Plan Minister Dwight Duncan called the budget ' realistic and responsible ' .
Cower in fear when you hear talk like that from any politician .
The savings total is $ 6.324 billion .
A mere $ 750 million comes from wage " freezes " .
On the investment side notice how Duncan does not put a cost on energy tax credits or the introduction of full - day kindergarten for four and five - year - olds .
I guess those services pay for themselves .
Duncan does itemize $ 0.259 billion in other investments .
Thus Duncan proposes to plug a $ 21 billion shortfall with a net total of about $ 6 billion in savings .
He has the gall to call this ' realistic and responsible ' .
Public unions are clearly a huge problem in Canada as in the US .
Please consider
Will cities freeze wages as well ?
Good question .
The answer is something like 1/10th of a portion of a portion of something , effective years from now , much like a budget freeze in US Congress .
Nonetheless union parasites in Canada are upset .
Inquiring minds note that union parasites in Canada are every bit the problem in Canada as in the US .
Please consider Unions angry over Ontario budget plans Please consider this graph from 2010 Ontario's Economic Outlook and Fiscal Plan Forgive me for being skeptical but does anyone in Canada believe that ?
In addition to controls on spending ( which are clearly anemic as noted above ) , deficit reduction is dependent on job growth , more specifically non-parasitic , non-public union job growth .
That in turn begs the question , does anyone believe this ?
For comparison purposes please consider these Fantasyland projections from The 2010 - 11 Budget : California 's Fiscal Outlook
What are these people smoking ?
There are many interesting charts in the above link .
Please give it a look .
Inquiring minds are reading California Watch : Will California Default on Bond Debt in 2010 ?
Ontario's net debt is C$ 220 billion ( $ 216 billion ) .
California has $ 83.5 billion in long - term bond debt .
Of course we probably need to factor in California 's share of US national debt and the same for Ontario .
Regardless of how you slice it , both California and Ontario are fiscal disasters .
A case can be made that Ontario is much worse than California .
So when you hear all this talk about how much worse California is than Greece , just remember , so is Ontario .
I continually hear a lot of hot air , mainly from hyperinflationists , about how safe Canada is , how sound its currency is , etc .
For the best written rebuttal to date of such talk , please consider The Canadian Banking Fallacy on theblog .
Despite supposedly tougher regulation and similar leverage limits on paper , Canadian banks were actually significantly more leveraged – and therefore more risky – than well - run American commercial banks .
For example JP Morgan was 13 times leveraged at the end of 2008 , and Wells Fargo was 11 times leveraged .
Canada ’s five largest banks averaged 19 times leveraged , with the largest bank , Royal Bank of Canada , 23 times leveraged .
It is a similar story for tier one capital ( with a higher number being safer ) : JP Morgan had 10.9 % percent at end 2008 while Royal Bank of Canada had just 9 % percent .
JP Morgan and other US banks also typically had more tangible common equity – another measure of the buffer against losses – than did Canadian Banks .
If Canadian banks were more leveraged and less capitalized , did something else make their assets safer ?
The answer is yes – guarantees provided by the government of Canada .
Today over half of Canadian mortgages are effectively guaranteed by the government , with banks paying a low price to insure the mortgages .
Virtually all mortgages where the loan to value ratio is greater than 80 % are guaranteed indirectly or directly by the Canadian Mortgage and Housing Corporation ( i.e. , the government takes the risk of the riskiest assets – nice deal if you can get it ) .
The system works well for banks ; they originate mortgages , then pass on the risk to government agencies .
The US , of course , had Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , but lending standards slipped and those agencies could not resist a plunge into assets more risky than prime mortgages .
Let ’s see how long Canada resists that temptation .
The other systemic strength of the Canadian system is camaraderie between the regulators , the Bank of Canada , and the individual banks .
This oligopoly means banks can make profits in rough times – they can charge higher prices to customers and can raise funds more cheaply , in part due to the knowledge that no politician would dare bankrupt them .
During the height of the crisis in February 2009 , the CEO of Toronto Dominion Bank brazenly pitched investors : “ Maybe not explicitly , but what are the chances that TD Bank is not going to be bailed out if it did something stupid ? ”
In other words : do n’t bother looking at how dumb or smart we are , the Canadian government is there to make sure creditors never lose a cent .
With such ready access to taxpayer bailouts , Canadian banks need little capital , they naturally make large profit margins , and they can raise money even if they act badly .
The internet homepage of the YouTube website .
YouTube , in a significant development for deaf Web users , extended automatic caption capability to all English - language videos on the video - sharing website on Thursday .
YouTube , in a significant development for millions of deaf Internet users , extended automatic caption capability Thursday to all English - language videos on the video - sharing website .
YouTube users have been able to manually add captions to videos since 2008 and in November of last year the site began offering machine - generated captions for about a dozen partner channels .
Hiroto Tokusei , a YouTube product manager , said in a blog post on Thursday that the automatic caption , or auto - caption , feature was now being expanded to all videos on the site in English .
Auto - captioning uses speech - to - text technology to generate subtitles .
" Making video easily accessible is something we 're working hard to address at YouTube , " said Tokusei , citing studies that predict that over 700 million people worldwide will suffer from hearing impairment by 2015 .
The auto - captioning feature will make YouTube videos " more accessible to people who have hearing disabilities or who speak different languages , " the YouTube project manager said .
While the auto - caption feature currently only works for videos where English is spoken , Tokusei said users can use Google 's automatic translation service to simultaneously translate the captions into 50 other languages .
Auto - captioning in more languages will be added " in the months to come . "
The YouTube project manager noted that auto - captioning is not yet perfect and a " clearly spoken audio track " without background noise is needed to create quality captions .
Video owners do have the capability , however , of downloading auto - generated captions , improving their accuracy and then uploading a new version .
One of the chief advocates for captioning capability at YouTube has been Vint Cerf , the Google vice president who has been described as the " Father of the Internet . "
Cerf , who is hearing impaired and has been wearing hearing aids since the age of 13 , made a personal appearance at the unveiling of the YouTube auto - caption features at Google 's Washington offices in November .
( c ) 2010 AFP
New Material Mimics Bone To Create Better Biomedical Implants
A “ metal foam ” that has a similar elasticity to bone could mean a new generation of biomedical implants that would avoid bone rejection that often results from more rigid implant materials , such as titanium .
Researchers at North Carolina State University have developed the metal foam , which is even lighter than solid aluminum and can be made of 100 percent steel or a combination of steel and aluminum .
In a new paper , researchers have reported recent findings that , in addition to the extraordinary high - energy absorption capability and light weight of their novel composite foams , the “ modulus of elasticity ” of the foam is very similar to that of bone .
Modulus of elasticity measures a material ’s ability to deform when pressure is applied and then return to its original shape when pressure is removed .
The rough surface of the foam would also foster bone growth into the implant , improving the strength of implant .
Modulus of elasticity , which is measured in gigapascals ( GPa ) , is extremely important for biomedical implants , explains Dr. Afsaneh Rabiei , an associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering and an associate faculty member of biomedical engineering at NC State and co-author of the paper .
“ When an orthopedic or dental implant is placed in the body to replace a bone or a part of a bone , it needs to handle the loads in the same way as its surrounding bone , ” Rabiei says .
“ If the modulus of elasticity of the implant is too much bigger than the bone , the implant will take over the load bearing and the surrounding bone will start to die .
This will cause the loosening of the implant and eventually ends in failure .
This is known as “ ‘ stress shielding . ’”
When this happens , the patient will need a revision surgery to replace the implant .
Our composite foam can be a perfect match as an implant to prevent stress shielding , ” Rabiei explains .
To give an idea of the difference between the modulus of elasticity of bone and that of traditional implants , bone has a modulus of between 10 and 30 GPa – while titanium has a modulus of approximately 100 GPa .
The new composite foam has a modulus that is consistent with bone , and is also relatively light because it is porous .
The rough surface of the metal foam , Rabiei says , “ will bond well with the new bone formed around it and let the body build inside its surface porosities .
This will increase the mechanical stability and strength of the implant inside the body . ”
The research , “ Evaluation of modulus of elasticity of composite metal foams by experimental and numerical techniques , ” was funded by the National Science Foundation and will be published in the March issue of Materials Science and Engineering A . The research was co-authored by Rabiei and former NC State Ph.D. student L. Vendra .
- shipman -
Note to editors :
The study abstract follows .
“ Evaluation of modulus of elasticity of composite metal foams by experimental and numerical techniques ”
Authors : L. Vendra , Afsaneh Rabiei , North Carolina State University
Published : March 2010 , Materials Science and Engineering A
Abstract :
The elastic behavior of Al–steel composite metal foams developed by casting technique was characterized by evaluating the modulus of elasticity through compression experiments , constitutive scaling equations and 2D finite element modeling .
Experiments showed an elastic modulus of 10 – 12 GPa for Al–steel composite foams while the scaling laws predicted 3.5 GPa and 30 GPa as the lower and upper bounds of modulus of elasticity respectively .
Two - dimensional finite element models of composite foams developed and analyzed assuming perfectly elastic materials , resulted in an elastic modulus of 10 GPa which is in good agreement with the experimental results .
THE Metro-North Railroad in the early ’ 80s published a pocket schedule of the arrival and departure times between New Haven and New York .
In his book “ Envisioning Information , ” the information - design theorist Edward Tufte devotes an uncluttered half - page to a hard look at that little piece of paper .
Among other things , he criticizes the font used for “ New York ” and “ New Haven ” as “ weak in distinguishing between two directions ” ; he notes that the information flows over three columns , requiring the reader ’s eye to move up and down ; he counts 41 inches of lines that “ segregate what should be together ” ; and , finally , he questions the use of the letter E to mean “ express , ” since it could mean “ economy , ” too .
He did n’t discuss whether the schedule caused paper cuts , but little else escaped his scrutiny .
It was just announced that Mr. Tufte ( pronounced tuff - TEE ) would be going to Washington .
Though often cast as a free - floating information guru , Mr. Tufte has a highly specific mission : on March 5 , he was appointed by President Obama to a panel to advise the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board , which monitors the way the $ 787 billion in the stimulus package is being spent .
It ’s hard to know under these circumstances exactly whom should be offered “ good luck ” wishes .
“ I ’m not naïve about it , but I ’m enthusiastic and hopeful , ” Mr. Tufte said in a telephone interview .
“ The only way to find out if the cynical view of Washington is right is by doing it . ”
MONTREAL–Quebec Premier Jean Charest and his cabinet have introduced sweeping legislation that effectively bars Muslim women from receiving or delivering public services while wearing a niqab .
According to the draft law , they would not be able to consult a doctor in a hospital , for example , or even attend classes in a university .
" Two words : Uncovered face , " Charest told reporters during a press conference in Quebec City .
" The principle is clear . "
However , Charest reaffirmed the right to wear other religious symbols , such as crosses , skullcaps or headscarves , which was met by some as evidence of hypocrisy and discrimination .
Some critics say the legislation could prevent women from integrating into Quebec society .
" Mr. Charest is talking about welcoming people from different backgrounds and that this is going to unite us , " said Shama Naz , a niqab - wearing woman who lives in the municipality of Kirkland on the island of Montreal .
" This is actually going to isolate people . "
The 33 - year - old mother of two young girls , a native of Pakistan , predicts women will be discouraged from going to a doctor , to school or work .
" It will isolate them from basic rights as human beings , " said Naz .
The niqab is a veil worn by a small number of Muslim women that allows only their eyes to be visible .
It 's estimated there are " a few dozen " such women living on the island .
Charest explained that the legislation , Bill 94 , demands a face in plain view , for reasons of identification , security and communication .
He further clarified that even public - service employees who do not interact with the public – the majority of the provincial bureaucracy – would also not be permitted to wear the niqab .
The province will hold public hearings on the draft legislation .
Though issues of so - called " reasonable accommodation " of religious differences elicit breathless coverage in the media , cases are few and far between .
Only 10 of more than 118,000 visits to the health board 's Montreal office in 2008 - 09 involved niqab - wearers asking for special dispensation .
Ontario has moved in the opposite direction of Quebec .
Accommodations are made for women in niqabs , said Geetika Bhardwaj , senior communications advisor to Government Services Minister Harinder Takhar .
Women can go into an interview room and have an identification photo taken by a female staff member .
Or , a picture can be taken in a private location by a female agent .
" If there is not a private interview room or a private location , a screen can be erected in order to obscure the photo subject from public view , " Bhardwaj said .
And , in the Toronto area , health - care appointments can be made after hours , a system that will soon be extended across the province and will include health cards and driver 's licences .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Critics of the niqab say they subjugate women and their right to equality .
After a woman was removed this month from a French - language class for refusing to remove her niqab , Christine St - Pierre , Quebec 's minister responsible for the status of women , called niqabs " ambulatory prisons . "
On Wednesday , St - Pierre said Quebec was a " world leader " when it comes to gender equality , and with Bill 94 , " we prove it once again . "
The legislation does n't stop at driver 's licence or health card offices .
It encompasses nearly every public and para- public institution as well , including universities , school boards , hospitals , community health and daycare centres .
Daniel Weinstock , director of the ethics research centre at the University of Montreal , applauded the spirit of the law .
Still , he emphasized , the law is based on the principles of not hindering identification or communication .
In that , there seemed to be some " wiggle room , " he said .
" I can imagine a person whose mouth is covered still being able to convey her point of view without having to uncover her face . "
Charest and his ministers said the bill highlights the primacy of equality and state " neutrality " on religion .
Nevertheless , the law aims at niqabs but not other religious symbols .
For Naz , it 's simply " hypocrisy .
A lot of Muslims will think it 's racially oriented , " she said .
" Everybody else goes on wearing whatever they want to express themselves . "
With files from Tanya Talaga
Read more about :
Sawyer X suggested that CPAN authors write modules due to Perl 's sysadmin heritage , and Steven Haryanto responded that CPAN authors write modules because modularity is a huge design goal .
I agree in part and disagree in part .
Perl 's sysadmin heritage does influence design decisions , and modularity is an important feature of modern Perl development ... but there 's an easier , simpler , more fundamental reason why the largest repository of Perl code in the known world is primarily modules and not applications .
CPAN 's design encourages the development and use of reusable modules .
By categorizing code by modules , by maintaining dependency lists between modules , by resolving dependencies automatically on successful installation , CPAN has ensured that the primary unit of code sharing in the Perl community is the module .
This is not solely a fundamental design feature of CPAN itself — it 's the result of a design principle of Perl 5 .
The active language design principle is to allow people to make their own lexical changes that do not interfere with other lexical changes from other people , and to use those changes to improve the language in terms of its intrinsic features or its ability to work with the external world .
( Many of my criticisms of and suggestions for Perl and the CPAN occur in places where this lexical extension is n't as lexical or as extensible as it could be . )
In other words , the Perl 5 module system had a goal of enabling things like Moose as much as it allowed DBI .
The points of collaboration between programmers , especially for the types of software for which Perl 5 is most suitable , are reusable components .
You want to read data from an LDAP server .
You want to improve exception handling .
You want to produce pretty charts .
It 's not that Perl programmers do n't write useful , usable applications all the time .
We do .
Sometimes we share them with other people .
Yet the specific software for my business turns marked - up text into camera - ready proofs to print books .
I 'm happy to collaborate on a markup system , or a templating system , or a framework system for writing command - line applications which tie together a few modules into a pipeline , but the specifics of how I work are n't interesting to most other programmers or businesses .
I think that 's a fundamental facet of Unix culture .
We collaborate on low - level tools and utilities .
We tie them together into specific , custom applications .
That 's no reason not to produce and distribute and collaborate at the application as well , but it 's a reason why we collaborate at lower levels instead .
Obama administration pushes for more war funding
By Bill Van Auken
27 March 2010
Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appeared on Capitol Hill Thursday , March 25 , to launch the Obama administration ’s drive to secure nearly $ 40 billion in supplemental appropriations , the bulk of it to fund the escalation of the Afghanistan war .
The push for additional off - the - books funding for the current fiscal year comes as Congress is also debating the administration ’s proposed $ 159 billion to pay for the wars and occupations in Iraq and Afghanistan in fiscal year 2011 .
The request for the Pentagon ’s so - called base budget , which covers military spending outside of the war costs , amounts to $ 548.9 billion
In her opening remarks , Clinton was compelled to acknowledge the implications of the massive war spending — a total of $ 322 billion for the current and next fiscal years — under conditions in which funding is being cut for vital social programs , deficits are soaring and next to nothing has been done to create jobs for the country ’s 15 million unemployed .
“ I am well aware of the economic strain we all face here at home , ” declared Clinton .
Referring to Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan as “ front - line states , ” she justified the spending , insisting that “ the challenges we face demand that we draw on all of the tools of American leadership and American power . ”
Defense Secretary Gates sounded a similar note .
“ These times of economic and fiscal stress place enormous pressure on all of us to be good stewards of taxpayers ’ dollars , ” he said in his opening remarks .
“ However , ” he continued , “ even at a time of budget pressures , I believe it is critical to sustain an adequate , sustainable level of investment in the instruments of national security — be it defense , diplomacy , or development — that are so essential to America ’s security and position in the world . ”
Gates delivered an extremely cautious assessment of the results produced by the ongoing escalation of the war in Afghanistan , stating that there existed “ grounds for guarded optimism , ” but that there would be “ many long and tough days ahead . ”
The defense secretary added that he “ would also caution against an overly ambitious view of what true stability and security will look like in a place that has known nothing but war for three decades . ”
Gates reported that the total number of US troops in Afghanistan would reach approximately 98,000 by the end of September .
Last December , President Barack Obama announced his “ surge ” in Afghanistan by ordering the deployment of an additional 30,000 US soldiers and Marines there .
In testimony before the House appropriations panel on Tuesday , Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said that by this summer , there will be more US forces in Afghanistan than in Iraq for the first time since 2003 .
He said that 97,000 troops are presently deployed in Iraq .
Under a US - Iraqi agreement , US troop levels in Iraq are supposed to fall to 50,000 by next September , although US commanders have reserved the right to halt the drawdown if political instability leads to renewed fighting .
The appearance of Gates and Clinton together was aimed at promoting the conception that the wars being waged by Washington are , in the secretary of state ’s words , “ a fully integrated civilian and military effort , one in which security gains are followed immediately by economic and political gain . ”
Yet the funding request is overwhelmingly geared to paying for stepped - up military operations .
The Pentagon would receive $ 33 billion of the supplemental funding , the bulk of it going for the war in Afghanistan .
Only $ 4.5 billion would be allocated for civilian operations in Afghanistan , Iraq and Pakistan .
The remainder would go to pay for US operations in Haiti .
When the administration requested an $ 80 billion supplemental funding bill to pay for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq in April of last year , President Obama vowed that this would be the last such request .
He criticized the Bush administration for having submitted 17 separate emergency supplemental funding bills totaling $ 822 billion — all passed by Congress with Democratic support .
“ We must break this recent tradition [ of supplemental funding ] and include future military costs in the regular budget so that we have an honest , more accurate , and fiscally responsible estimate of federal spending , ” he wrote at the time .
“ And we should not label military costs as emergency funds so as to avoid our responsibility to abide by the spending limitations set forth by Congress . ”
This new supplemental funding bill is expected to sail through Congress with the backing of both the Democratic and Republican leadership .
In a budget hearing last week , Secretary of the Army John McHugh was unabashed in admitting that such supplemental funding measures would continue .
Asked by Senator John McCain , the ranking Republican member of the Senate Armed Services Committee whether the military really needed such bills , McHugh replied , “ If we ’re going to operate in these types of theaters , yes , we absolutely do . ”
Both the Senate and House appropriations committees will take up the emergency supplemental funding measure next month after returning from Congress ’s two - week recess that begins March 27 .
Meanwhile , the bloodshed in Afghanistan continued unabated .
At least two Afghan civilians were killed and four others wounded late Wednesday night when their house was hit by a mortar round fired by NATO troops .
The incident took place in the Ali Sher district of Afghanistan ’s southeastern Khost province after insurgents attacked a base of the occupation troops .
The NATO response included the mortar fire , which killed a teenage couple and wounded a man , his wife and two of their children .
The US commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , has publicly stated a commitment to curtailing the slaughter of civilians , issuing orders restricting the use of aerial bombardments and night raids by US special operations troops .
Nonetheless , the killings of civilians continue .
The New York Times reported Friday that while McChrystal has also ordered stricter limits on shooting at Afghans who pose supposed threats to troops manning roadblocks and moving in convoys , it has failed to stem these killings .
“ We have shot an amazing number of people , but to my knowledge , none has ever proven to be a threat , ” the Times quoted McChrystal as telling troops in a recent video conference .
Citing United Nations figures , the newspaper reported that 36 civilians were killed in such shootings last year and 41 in 2008 .
The real toll is believed to be far higher , as these figures do not account for Afghans killed by US military contractors .
As an example of such killings , the Times pointed to the case of Mohammed Yonus , 36 , described as an “ imam and a respected religious authority ” who taught 150 students at a madrasa in Kabul .
While traveling to the school two months ago , he passed a military convoy and soldiers opened fire “ ripping open his chest as his two sons sat in the car . ”
According to the Times the killing turned people in Yonus ’s village of Hodkail against the occupation .
It quoted a village elder , Naqibullah Samim : “ The people are tired of all these cruel actions by the foreigners , and we ca n’t suffer it anymore .
The people do not have any other choice ; they will rise against the government and fight them and the foreigners .
There are a lot of cases of killing of innocent people . ”
Wednesday also saw the deaths of two US Marines , Sgt. Maj .
Robert Cottle , 45 , and Lance Cpl. Rick Centanni , 19 , who were killed when their vehicle hit a roadside bomb .
The latest casualties brings the number of troops of the US - led occupation forces killed in Afghanistan to 1,700 , according to figures compiled by the web site icasualties.org .
BERSANI : « ne prenda atto anche la Rai » .
Gasparri : « Par condicio ormai superata »
Par condicio , l'Agcom annulla lo stop
Zavoli : « Ora la Rai ripristini i talk show »
Dopo che il Tar ha accolto il ricorso di Sky e La 7 contro il regolamento che vieta i dibattiti politici fino al voto
Gad Lerner , conduttore de « L' infedele » , su La 7
- Dopo la sentenza del Tar del Lazio , l'Autorità per le garanzie nelle comunicazioni ha annullato le disposizioni sulla par condicio per le televisioni private .
Lo comunica una nota della Commissione servizi e prodotti della stessa Agcom , che ne ha dato notizia alla Commissione di Vigilanza e invita la Rai a rivedere a loro volta le norme .
ZAVOLI : SCIOGLIERE NODI - « Siamo alle strette e i nodi , a due settimane dalle elezioni , vanno sciolti in fretta .
Voglio credere che la Rai , a questo punto , decida di rivedere la scelta di applicare nella versione più restrittiva il Regolamento approvato dalla Commissione di Vigilanza ripristinando i programmi di approfondimento - afferma il presidente della Commissione di Vigilanza Sergio Zavoli -.
Ripropongo il mantenimento dei talk show nelle reti Rai senza la presenza di politici né il ricorso a temi riconducibili all 'attualità politica .
In concreto , l'azienda potrebbe riconsiderare una soluzione che , se accolta , corrisponderebbe al più semplice , efficace e ormai ampiamente condiviso degli auspici » .
LO STOP DEL TAR - Il Tar del Lazio ha detto no al regolamento dell ' Autorità per le garanzie nelle comunicazioni nella parte che blocca i talk show in periodo elettorale , accogliendo la richiesta di Sky e Telecom Italia Media ( ovvero La 7 ) .
Le richieste sono state discusse davanti alla III sezione ter del Tribunale amministrativo regionale , presieduta da Maria Luisa De Leoni e così stamattina hanno deciso i giudici .
La questione ora rimbalzerà anche sulla Rai , dove i talk show sono stati sospesi con un regolamento varato dalla Vigilanza .
Il consiglio di amministrazione di Viale Mazzini è stato convocato in seduta straordinaria per luned ì alle 12 per discutere della questione
UDIENZA IL 6 MAGGIO - Il
Tar ha accolto la richiesta di sospensiva di Sky e Ti Media « considerato che a conclusione di una prima delibazione - spiegano i giudici nella motivazione - propria della fase cautelare , risultano non sprovviste di profili di fondatezza del ricorso le censure dedotte avverso la delibera impugnata » , nella parte in cui è prevista la normativa relativa ai talk show in periodo elettorale , che ha di fatto ha portato alla sospensione dei programmi di approfondimento .
Il Tribunale , accogliendo la richiesta di Sky e Ti Media , ha fissato l'udienza di merito al 6 maggio .
L'ARTICOLO SOSPESO - Nello specifico , il Tribunale ha sospeso l'articolo 6 comma 2 del regolamento , che stabilisce che « i notiziari diffusi dalle emittenti televisive e radiofoniche nazionali e tutti gli altri programmi a contenuto informativo ... si conformano con particolare rigore ai principi di tutela del pluralismo , dell ' imparzialità , dell ' indipendenza , dell ' obiettività e dell ' apertura alle diverse forze politiche , nonché al fine di garantire l'osservanza dei predetti principi , allo specifico criterio della parità di trattamento tra i soggetti e le diverse forze politiche » .
IL SECONDO RICORSO -
Il tribunale ha invece respinto la richiesta di Federconsumatori che voleva lo stop al regolamento della Vigilanza perchè ha ritenuto che , trattandosi di organismo parlamentare , « sussistono profili di inammissibilità del gravame per la parte in cui è impugnato il regolamento » , in quanto appunto « approvato dalla Commissione parlamentare di Vigilanza nella seduta del 9 febbraio 2010 , in relazione alla natura parlamentare dell ' organo che ha adottato l'atto impugnato in assolvimento della funzione precipuamente politica di indirizzo e vigilanza » .
Quanto poi alla parte del ricorso dei consumatori che riguardava il Cda Rai , per il Tar « non sussistono presupposti per accogliere » la richiesta di discussione .
« LA RAI NE PRENDA ATTO » - Il segretario del Pd , Pier Luigi Bersani , si è augurato a questo punto che possano riprendere subito anche i programmi di approfondimento della Rai .
« Il Tar ha ripristinato criteri saggi e assennati mostrando l'assoluta irragionevolezza delle norme che bloccano i programmi di dibattito politico - ha dichiarato in una nota -.
Ci aspettiamo che tali criteri siano fatti propri anche dalla commissione parlamentare di Vigilanza Rai e che tutto il sistema sia messo nelle stesse condizioni » .
« Il rischio - ha aggiunto - è che il solo servizio pubblico rimanga ostaggio di norme che limitano libertà e discussione .
Serve riportare il buon senso e riaprire subito gli approfondimenti informativi che sono stati sospesi nei giorni scorsi » .
« È chiaro che la sentenza impone anche una revisione della posizione della Rai - ha aggiunto Luca Borgomeo , dell ' associazione di telespettatori cattolici Aiart ..
I cittadini hanno bisogno di maggiore approfondimento , soprattutto in un momento di caos politico come questo .
Intervenire solo sui talk show non ha comunque senso .
Le maggiori violazioni avvengono nei tg » .
« PAR CONDICIO SUPERATA » - « La sentenza del
Tar dimostra ancora una volta di più quanto sia superata questa legge - ha commentato invece il capogruppo del Pdl al Senato , Maurizio Gasparri -.
Il presidente dell ' Autorità per le comunicazioni , Calabrò , aveva votato contro l'estensione delle decisioni della Commissione di vigilanza alle emittenti commerciali .
Quindi il Tar conferma le valutazioni di prudenza che erano venute proprio dal presidente dell ' Agcom .
Ma al di là dei cavilli , anche in questo caso bisogna privilegiare la sostanza .
Subito dopo le elezioni vanno varate norme nuove che garantiscano il pluralismo , ma che superino una normativa , quella voluta dalla sinistra che prima l'ha invocata e adesso si lamenta , che crea rigidità eccessive e che apre la strada a un contenzioso interminabile » .
I DUBBI DEI RADICALI - Mette tuttavia le mani avanti il radicale Marco Beltrandi , relatore del regolamento sulla par condicio nella Commissione di Vigilanza Rai , secondo cui la decisione del Tar non muta le regole per i talk show .
« A quanto si apprende - ha detto il parlamentare - , il Tar Lazio avrebbe sospeso un solo comma , il 2 , dell ' articolo 6 , della delibera dell ' Agcom che applica la par condicio alle televisioni private in occasione delle regionali del 27 - 28 marzo 2010 » .
Ma tale sospensione non riguarderebbe i talk show che sono citati soltanto al comma 5 dell 'art .
6 della delibera dell ' Agcom .
« La delibera della Vigilanza sulla Rai tv - ha sottolineato - è stata invece pienamente confermata dal Tar Lazio che ha rigettato la richiesta di sospensiva avanzata ; anche qualora il Tar Lazio avesse sospeso il comma 5 , dell 'art .
6 , la motivazione del
Tar sarebbe smentita nel merito dal fatto che trasmissioni come Matrix e Terra hanno continuato ad essere messe in onda , anche prima di ogni sospensiva , dimostrando che non è il regolamento ad aver imposto un qualunque stop » .
« A prescindere da tutto questo , qualora le tv private e la Rai stessa ritenessero di voler rivedere l'assurda decisione di bloccare i talk show per non voler rispettare le blande , rispetto ad altri Paesi , norme sulla par condicio nell ' ultimo mese della campagna elettorale , io - ha sottolineato Beltrandi - quale estensore del regolamento e noi come soggetto politico radicale non potremmo che compiacercene , essendo esattamente quanto chiediamo con insistenza da settimane , mentre denunciamo l'incredibile ulteriore sabotaggio operato dalla Rai tv della campagna elettorale con le tribune non ancora calendarizzate , dopo 10 giorni da quando sarebbero dovute cominciare » .
Denlow & Henry was selected for membership of The Owners Counsel Of America based on our ability , experience , results and dedication to representing private property owners in eminent domain matters .
This prestigious membership is by invitation - only and restricted to one attorney from each state across the country .
EXPERIENCED EMINENT DOMAIN LAWYERS
THE ONLY MISSOURI LAW FIRM PRACTICING SOLELY IN EMINENT DOMAIN
More importantly , we only represent property owners .
From our office in St. Louis , we have represented property owners for over 40 years throughout Missouri and the St. Louis and Kansas City metropolitan areas in Illinois and Kansas respectively .
As a result , we have developed the expertise necessary to fight the government 's power to condemn as well as to maximize the property owner 's compensation .
EMINENT DOMAIN LAW
There is only one law firm in Missouri dedicated solely to the eminent domain issues facing property owners - Denlow & Henry .
We stand committed to our clients ' property rights .
To that end , every member of our legal team works toward protecting property owners from eminent domain or maximizing their compensation .
For over 40 years , the firm has represented individuals , businesses , and farms in a wide range of eminent domain disputes .
ADVOCATES FOR PROPERTY OWNERS CAN I STOP THE TAKING OF MY PROPERTY OR MOVE THE PROJECT FROM MY PROPERTY ?
READ MORE SHOULD I HANDLE MY OWN EMINENT DOMAIN NEGOTIATIONS , OR DO I NEED THE ADVICE OF AN ATTORNEY ?
READ MORE AM I ENTITLED TO COMPENSATION AND WHAT AM I ENTITLED TO BE PAID ?
READ MORE
Today , March 22nd , is recognized by the United Nations Water Group as " World Water Day " , this year 's theme being " Clean Water for a Healthy World " .
Although we live on a water - covered planet , only 1 % of the world 's water is available for human use , the rest locked away in oceans , ice , and the atmosphere .
The National Geographic Society feels so strongly about the issues around fresh water that they are distributing an interactive version of their April , 2010 magazine for download - free until April 2nd - and will be exhibiting images from the series at the Annenberg Space for photography .
National Geographic was also kind enough to share 15 of their images below , in a collection with other photos from news agencies and NASA - all of water , here at home - Earth .
( 43 photos total
This guide is will help you design you own soil to grow the most broad spectrum of plants possible .
This means it wo n't work for everything , but if you want to grow a vegetable garden , plant a tree , or plant flowers this dirt will probably be excellent for you .
At some point I 'll probably make an Instructable that goes into much higher detail helping troubleshoot soil problems and make optimum soil for specific plants .
Check my other instructables .
Generally garden soil should be well draining and nutrient rich .
The goal of this project is turn whatever you do have into that , as economically as possible , or you would have just bought miracle grow at hardware store .
To mix your soil any flat surface and a dirt rake is suitable , but concrete is ideal .
I use 5 gallon buckets as a common measurement tool since everyone has those available , and wheelbarrows come in many sizes , but if you are doing it on a larger scale like I do , just use a 5 gallon bucket to measure or think of them as 1 part this , 2 parts that , and just guesstimate on the fertilizer proportions .
Coarse sand is used to help your soil drain better , but Peralite is ideal .
Its that light weight white stuff , but its expensive .
Use either one or a combination of both .
Use compost or manure , for organic material .
Most manure is not actually straight manure anyway , like if you get the $ 2 bags at Home Depot , it is pre-composted so it does n't smell .
I give 2 recipes for each type of dirt available so you can mix it appropriately for planting in ground , pots , or in a TeraHydro Box , which personally I would recommend .
Mix your soil well , use for your garden , and treat like Miracle Grow which does n't need fertilizer for a few months .
To its journalistic credit , Electronic Intifada has confirmed a tip that many of us got over the last few days , that Ethan Bronner ’s son has joined the Israeli Defense Forces .
Bronner is of course the Jerusalem bureau chief for the New York Times ( and did not respond to my inquiry to him on the issue ) .
EI nailed the story with an email from Susan Chira of the Times : " Ethan Bronner referred your query to me , the foreign editor .
Here is my comment : Mr. Bronner ’s son is a young adult who makes his own decisions .
At The Times , we have found Mr. Bronner ’s coverage to be scrupulously fair and we are confident that will continue to be the case . "
I do n’t know that this is a tenable line .
I think this could be a sore point for Bronner , who ’s already a sore point …
People are going to harp on it ; EI regards it as a " conflict of interest . "
And Ethan Bronner is the burning bush of hasbara .
Also , I ’ve heard that Bronner ’s annoyed by criticism ; I wonder if this is going to keep him up at night .
I have to think the Columbia Journalism Review or some other keeper of the ethical flames is going to examine the question .
Do n’t expect Bronner to write about it .
He should ; it ’s a good story .
But he wo n’t .
We do n’t talk about Jewish identity and militarism in the NYT .
The larger issue here is of course Zionism in the mainstream media , how deep does it go , and will anyone ever look into it ?
And on from that , Why are so many of the MSM reporters on Israel / Palestine Jews with intimate ties to Israel ?
Bronner is married to an Israeli and has a son in the most moral military in the world .
The other Times person , Isabel Kershner , is " thoroughly Israeli , " per the Jewish Forward , and married to an Israeli .
The new Washington Post reporter , Janine Zacharia , is a Jewish woman from Long Island ( I ’m told ) who once went over there to work for the Jerusalem Post .
Wolf Blitzer worked for AIPAC and the JPost .
Jeffrey Goldberg was in the IDF too .
It ’s like a credential .
Tribe means something : Almost all Arab - Americans I ’ve met come out of a political culture that hates the occupation , hates the confiscation of land by Israel , hates the siege of Gaza , and all in all does n’t especially care for Israel .
Are n’t those legitimate American opinions ?
When do some of those folks get to cover this story ?
Sen . Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) , who withheld his support for the Senate - passed healthcare reform bill until practically the last minute , strongly hinted that he is prepared to back the final push to finish the job this spring .
" Doing nothing on healthcare reform might seem like a reasonable option to some , but in my opinion it ’s not .
Our nation ’s healthcare crisis will only get worse the longer we delay , " Nelson said at a conference hosted by the Federation of American Hospitals .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nelson took aim at Republicans who have called for Presidentand congressional Democrats to scrap the bills that passed the House and Senate last year and begin anew .
" There are those who ’ve said , ‘ Well , let ’s start all over . ’
Well , that ’s a very appealing idea but for some , that ’s code for doing nothing , " Nelson said .
" Some in Washington say we should do that , start all over with a clean piece of paper and now write a bipartisan health reform bill .
Many who want that never started healthcare reform in the last decade .
So saying , ‘ Stop and start over again ’ just means ‘ Stop . '
" Nelson had been a skeptic of the Democratic healthcare reform proposals since the legislative process began a year ago and voted for the Senate bill only after securing new language designed to prevent federal money from paying for abortion services as well as additional funding for his home state 's Medicaid program .
But with his vote for the bill on the record , and his name indelibly linked to healthcare reform because of the so - called " Cornhusker kickback " deal for the Medicaid money — which Obama proposed extending to all states —
Nelson appears poised to join his fellow Democrats in advancing the legislation via budget reconciliation rules that would allow a House - Senate compromise package to pass the upper chamber on a simple majority vote .
Nelson 's popularity at home took a hit as a result of his role in the process , something he indirectly acknowledged .
" I think the American people are of many different minds about this , " Nelson said .
" but that does n’t mean that we have to stop working .
" Reiterating previous statements , Nelson defended the use of reconciliation to pass the healthcare bill , citing as precedent his support for reconciliation when it was used to pass President George W. Bush 's tax cuts over Democratic objections .
" Reconciliation is really about whether a bill deserves and up - or - down vote when one side is obstructing the process , " he said .
Sen. Evan Bayh ( D - Ind. ) , speaking at the same event , predicted that the Senate Democratic leadership would easily be able to lock down the 50 votes it needs to pass the reconciliation process ( with Vice Presidentavailable to cast a tie - breaking vote if needed ) .
" They are surely going to get 50 votes , " Bayh said .
Observing that it will be more difficult for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) to get 216 members of her caucus to vote for healthcare reform , however , Bayh was less optimistic about final passage .
" I think it 's about 51 percent that something will get passed , " he said .
A district court judge in the United States has ruled that patents should not have been awarded over the breast and ovarian cancer genes BRCA1 and 2 .
The decision raises serious concerns about whether patents should be awarded on human and other genes and proteins found in nature .
It is the first time a court has found patents on genes unlawful and calls into question the validity of patents now held on about 2,000 human genes .
The case , brought by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , was prompted by the actions of patent owner Myriad Genetics who claims the exclusive right to test for BRCA1 and BRCA2 .
The tests show whether a woman is more susceptible to developing breast and ovarian cancer .
ACLU attorney Chris Hansen said : " Today 's ruling is a victory for the free flow of ideas in scientific research . "
Myriad Genetics charges women in the US around $ 3,700 for the test and the company does not allow second opinions .
The exclusive licence for the tests in Australia is owned by Genetic Technologies Limited which has " gifted " its intellectual property rights to Australian institutions and does not impose royalties here .
In 2003 and 2008 , however , Genetic Technologies Limited sent legal letters to Westmead Hospital and the Peter MacCallum Cancer Institute in Victoria to cease testing for the BRCA1 and 2 genes .
In the district court in New York , Judge Robert Sweet found that certain respects of the seven patents awarded over the human genes are invalid .
Judge Sweet found that removing the gene from its natural environment , the body , is not sufficiently different to what is found in nature , therefore such processes are a " discovery " and not an " invention " , making any patent invalid .
On the diagnostic side , the judgment also says the use of the gene material in the test does not make the test patentable .
There is no transformation that happens to the biological materials themselves that means the company can claim an " invention " and therefore be awarded a patent over the genes .
Myriad Genetics has yet to announce whether it will appeal the decision .
In Australia , a Senate inquiry into gene patents is expected to report in June .
It has heard evidence from both sides of the argument including from Australia 's biotech industry , which says any moves to ban patents on genes will be disastrous for investment and the biotech industry as a whole .
BAWATI , Egypt —
The windswept peak of Black Mountain could be the perfect place to watch a sunset .
Normally quiet and isolated from the rest of the world , the narrow ridge overlooks Bahariya Oasis , a lush depression of palm trees in the middle of Egypt ’s remote Western Desert .
But everyday , minutes before the sun dips below the horizon , buses and SUVs packed with foreign tourists climb the barren rocks of the mountain .
The tranquility is disrupted into a loud jumble of languages , as tourists snap photos and toss rocks off the cliff , before hurtling off to the next stop on their guided oasis tour .
Ecotourism is taking off throughout Egypt , boosting an economy already heavily dependent on tourism revenue .
Bahariya is among those destinations increasingly popular for their pristine natural environment .
However , Egypt is quickly learning the need for balance between environment and development , amid concerns that tourism is stressing the country 's fragile ecosystems to the point of collapse .
And the debate on ecotourism is even being had here , on the dusty streets of Bahariya ’s largest village .
Ali Abdel Salem , 58 , has lived in Bawati all his life .
He has fond memories of the days before an asphalt highway was built linking the oasis to Cairo .
A trip from the capital that once took five days now takes only five hours .
“ Fifty years ago , Bahariya was calm and quiet , ” said Abdel Salem .
“ Now it ’s starting to feel like Cairo .
It ’s crowded and noisy . ”
Bahariya Oasis , once a thriving agricultural center for the Roman Empire , is now the preferred stepping - stone and supply stop for tourists heading to the surrounding deserts .
Newly discovered ancient temples set against a stunning natural backdrop is another reason tourism is increasing here .
In recent years , the number of visitors to Bahariya has climbed so high that one - third of the oasis ’ almost 40,000 residents are now working in tourism .
Over the past decade , unemployment decreased as the number of hotels in Bahariya shot up 500 percent , according to Bahariya ’s tourism office .
“ Bahariya may be changing , but we need even more tourists if we will survive , ” said Assam Tawkif , a tailor who sells tents , cushions , and sleeping bags to local safari companies .
“ The government should be promoting Bahariya to get even more people here , ” said Tawkif .
Though most of Egypt ’s 11 million foreign visitors head straight for the ancient monuments and Red Sea beaches , nearly 10 percent come for the deserts and oases , according Egypt ’s Ministry of Tourism .
Eco-lodges have emerged throughout Egypt as a green solution to offset the high number of vacationers .
Tamer El Sayed developed Bahariya ’s first eco-lodge in 2005 : Qasr el Bawity , a plush 34 - room hotel carved into a high ridge on the outskirts of Bawati .
The hotel was built entirely of local materials , employs a local Bedouin staff , and separates and treats waste into fertilizer for palm trees in the oasis .
“ I think we owe it to the environment , ” said El Sayed .
“ We do n’t want to just use the environment , we want to give back to it . ”
But eco-conscious or not , El Sayed worries that encouraging more visitors to the region will only leave a larger footprint on the natural environment .
Nowhere is the potential for damage more evident than the White Desert , a short drive south of Bahariya .
The lunar - like landscape of the White Desert is popular with campers , who set up along the tall outcroppings of cream - colored chalky rock .
The White Desert may be the crown jewel of Egypt ’s safari destinations , but protected by weak regulations , it is now littered with the remnants of old campfires and garbage .
“ People camp there and do n’t clean up after they leave .
They leave plastic bags , paper and cans , ” said Dina Mahmoud , a Cairo - based tour guide who organizes an annual clean up of the White Desert .
Last year alone , Mahmoud ’s group collected more than four tons of waste left by campers .
Egypt ’s government took notice in 2002 , declaring the White Desert a protected national park and introducing heavy fines for litterers .
Last year the government went further , setting up ticket fees and delineating paths for safari guides to drive on to protect the desert ’s brittle white rocks .
Mahmoud El Kaissouni , environmental adviser to Egypt ’s minister of tourism , wants to eventually limit the number of tourists who can enter the park each day .
“ Less tourism through our fragile desert is better for us in the long run , ” said El Kaissouni .
But El Kaissouni admits that long - term sustainability of the environment is only as good as the enforcement of the law , which in the White Desert is weak at best .
Guides often bring tourists into the park off - road through the back , driving over the rocks , avoiding both the ticket booth and watchful eyes of park rangers .
Although 120,000 entrance tickets to the White Desert were sold last year , El Kaissouni estimates that the actual number of tourists entering the park is triple that figure .
At his eco-lodge in Bahariya , El Sayed accepts that the government can’t easily control the entire White Desert .
But he also doubts that Egypt would ever sacrifice tourism dollars to promote a greener industry with fewer visitors .
“ Real ecotourism is against tourism .
The government cares about money coming in and its customers being happy , and that ’s it , ” said El Sayed .
Others in Bahariya are equally skeptical .
Abdel Salem is grateful that so many of his friends now have jobs , but he worries for the future of the oasis .
“ Bahariya was like utopia .
But tourism is changing it for the worse , ” he said .
“ It will be very sad when the Hilton hotels start coming here . ”
China has the world 's biggest online population : more than 380 m users
China has tightened controls on internet use , requiring anyone who wants to set up a website to meet regulators and produce ID documents .
The technology ministry said the measures were designed to tackle online pornography , but internet activists see it as increased government censorship .
A number of websites are now being registered overseas in an attempt to avoid controls .
China has the world 's biggest online population : more than 380 m users .
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Tuesday lifted a freeze introduced in December on registration for new individual websites .
Extensive censorship
But the technology ministry said would - be website operators would now have to submit identity cards and photos of themselves , as well as meeting regulators before their sites could be registered .
The freeze had been imposed by the state - sanctioned group which registers domain names , after complaints by state media that not enough was being done to screen websites for pornography .
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville in Beijing says that despite extensive censorship , the internet remains a surprisingly vibrant and critical environment in China .
Internet users have used it to highlight cases of injustice or to embarrass corrupt officials .
China 's web users often manage to stay one step ahead of government controls , says our correspondent .
The Chinese authorities have launched a number of campaigns against online pornography , with the government saying thousands of people were detained last year alone .
One of the fantastic opportunities we had in South Africa was to visit the collection of fossils at Witwatersrand University .
They have a collection of about 30 % of the fossils found in Africa that tell us about how we evolved from ape - like creatures into modern humans .
Professor Lee Berger took us though some of the highlights of the collection , piecing together three million years of evolution in the process .
One of the most interesting things that the fossil record reveals is that we went through a period of extreme giantism .
These were people routinely over 7ft tall , they were huge .
This was before we turned into the modern humans of today .
Lee -
You 've probably heard the myth that ancient humans were tiny and some of them were tiny .
But , as we moved through the period of 0.5 million to 300,000 years ago in Africa we move into the sort of mystery period where there 's just a tiny handful of fossils .
The ones we find from that part are incredibly intriguing .
By this time you 're going to begin seeing Neanderthals in Europe .
Inside of Africa they go through one of the most incredible things that we 've only just begun to realise .
They go through a period of giantism .
What I 'm pulling out of this bag may shock you !
Chris - Oooh !
Lee - Hahaha .
Chris -
What we 're looking at is the most enormous femur : the bit that forms your hip joint .
That 's huge .
As a doctor I know how big they normally are , that 's huge .
Lee -
They are huge .
That 's so big we can't even calculate how big this individual was .
You would need an NBA basketball player to get someone of the height someone like this would have been .
Something like over 7 feet tall .
Chris -
You do n't think this one 's just an abnormality ?
Lee -
No because we found a lot of them .
Everywhere we find them we find them enormous .
These are what we call archaic Homo sapiens .
Some people refer to them as Homo heidelbergensis .
These individuals are extraordinary , they are giants .
Chris -
Does it coincide with a time when there was enormous amounts of resources , lots of food which meant they could afford a huge body size like that ?
Lee -
Actually it might have been just the opposite .
That is , it was a period when there were larger amounts of grassland evolving and there were lots of giants adapting to that grassland .
Giant buffalo with horns three metres across if you can imagine that .
These individuals in that very rugged environment , that tough environment , seemingly were using their body size to enforce themselves into what was a very dry and tough period .
Chris -
So when would he have been around ?
Lee -
This particular individual existed probably about 350,000 - 400,000 years ago .
Chris -
How long did people with this giant stature exist for before they started to shrink again ?
Lee -
We have no idea but we do know that the next time we start getting a good window in is 100 - 150,000 years ago when we 're here .
People of our stature , our body size .
This experiment was relatively short - lived ( a couple of hundred thousand years ) .
Chris -
So that was all happening about 300,000 years ago but what about if we wind the clock back now to almost the very beginning ?
To the earliest human ancestors who walked around on two legs .
These were the Australopithecines and they emerged about 3 million years ago .
The first ever example was unearthed by the famous palaeoanthropologist , Raymond Dart .
In the early 1920s he was working with his students in the Taung limestone works which is in the Harts Valley in the Bechaunaland , South Africa .
There , he discovered what turned out to be one of the most important fossils of all time .
Lee -
This little brown box I 'm opening up is the actual box Raymond Dart had built , back in 1925 to hold , arguably , the most important single human ancestor fossil on the planet .
You 're about to join a really exclusive club of people who 've actually seen and touched it .
This is the one that defines what it is to be an early African ape - man .
Chris -
This is 3 million years old ?
Lee -
This is about 2 ½ million years old .
We 've actually largely dated it by comparing it to other fossils that have been found since .
It is an awe inspiring fossil but , remarkably still , the only fossil that was ever found at the Taung site .
It just happened to be this little child which is the first fossil of an early human found in Africa .
This started the entire science .
In fact , you can even argue that things like genetics and the study of our own origins came out with this fossil .
Discovered in the Taung lime quarry , it was sent in a box full of baboons to Raymond Dart and if it had arrived on almost anyone else 's desk at that particular time they might not have recognised it .
What he pulled out of that box , the first thing he saw - if I pull out this little plastic bag - is that remarkable little thing : half an endocast of a brain of a little child .
Immediately , Raymond Dart recognised that he was n't holding a baboon brain in his hand .
It was n't even a brain of a chimpanzee .
It was far too big .
He was holding something that no one had ever seen before .
He probably would have used the term , 'a missing link . '
Chris -
That 's totally extraordinary .
How does something so soft and blancmange-y as a brain actually get preserved ?
Lee -
Well , because it does n't .
That 's not actually the brain .
What that is , is a cast of the interior of the skull .
very time your heart beats , as your head is forming as a child , it beats am impression of the surface of the brain onto effectively the inside of your skull .
When a skull is up in these remarkable fossilisation situations there 's a perfect impression - a perfect image of your brain on the inside of that skull .
When it fills with fine sediments we then have a perfect cast of the brain .
Chris -
You can literally , looking at that from the side , see the three major parts of the brain .
I can see what 's going to be the cerebellum , the hind brain at the back , there 's the temporal lobe - which is us is adjacent to our ear and then the frontal lobes where I 'd be thinking and planning - I do n't know whether this would have done much thinking and planning .
That 's an incredible fossil .
Lee -
It is one of the most remarkable fossils in of itself , that you 'll ever see .
Look at the veins on the surface !
The blood supply to the brain is actually preserved on the surface of that .
Raymond Dart turned this little thing over just like I 'm doing right now and looked down and saw this was not a rearward facing point of attachment facing this skull in the spinal cord .
It was vertically positioned .
Chris -
That says it was not ape - like .
That 's homo .
Lee - ' I walk on two legs , ' that 's what it spoke to him as clearly as if it were written on the fossil itself .
If that had been all he found it would have been fantastic but it was n't all he found .
Inside of another block he saw this little mushroom - shaped attachment and in it he saw the back of a mushroom - shaped ...
Chris -
Oh my god !
Lee -
Yes , oh my god !
Chris -
I 've just got a glimpse of what 's going to come out of this bag .
Lee -
He took his wife 's knitting needles and started chipping away at it .
On December the 21st , 1924 that rock broke away and he saw that .
Chris -
It 's a face .
I 'm looking at a face .
It 's phenomenal .
Lee -
You 're looking at maybe the most famous face in all of palaeontology .
Chris -
It 's perfect .
Lee -
It 's absolutely perfect because it does n't have just the top , it has the bottom .
Chris -
It 's got a jaw and a face to go with it .
It 's still quite monkey - like though is n't it ?
Lee - A little bit .
It does n't have quite the prognathism that a young monkey would have and what it certainly does n't have is a big canine .
We 're going back to something that 's transitional .
It 's a bit of the way between us and them .
It 's our link .
This little child met a tragic , tragic end and about 3 ½ years of age .
I 'll do something for you .
I 'll put it all together , the whole Taung child .
Reunited , after being 2 ½ million years underground .
Chris -
I think that probably is the most awe - inspiring experience , or one of them , I 've ever had .
Lee -
It is , it 's about our experience .
Do you want to touch it ?
Chris -
Go on then .
So if I touch this , how many other people will have had the opportunity apart from Raymond Dart to have done that ?
Lee -
No more than a few hundred scientists and a few dozen people who are n't scientists .
Chris -
That is absolutely incredible .
To say I 'm blown away would be an understatement actually .
It 's when I saw the face staring out at me through that plastic bag , it 's almost moving me to tears .
It 's just so incredible and delicate and perfect .
Lee - Yep , and 2 ½ million years old .
And it 's our story .
Ben -
The emotions were running quite high in that room and it was an honour to see that skull .
But if you 're wondering what happened to that child , it was actually snatched away and killed by an eagle .
The fossilised bones of the skull have preserved the scratches from the bird 's talons .
They compared it to baboons and they could see that that 's what it was .
That was Professor Lee Berger showing us some of the most important human ancestor fossils ever found .
Mexico's Cave of Crystals stunned geologists when it was first discovered in 2000 .
The underground chamber contains some of the largest natural crystals ever found - some of the selenite structures have grown to more than 10 m long .
Professor Iain Stewart got a rare glimpse of the subterranean spectacle while filming for the new BBC series How the Earth Made Us. Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
We kept on being told how difficult it was going to be to film in the Naica Cave , but nothing really prepares you for the extremes of that cavern .
It 's about 50C in there , but it 's the virtually 100 % humidity added on top that makes it a potential killer .
That combination means that when you breathe air into your body , the surface of your lungs is actually the coolest surface the air encounters .
That means the fluid starts to condense inside your lungs - and that 's really not good news .
When the cave was first discovered it was just an accident .
Miners working in the Naica silver mine broke through the walls of the cavern and were astounded to discover these enormous crystals - the biggest anywhere on Earth .
To enter the cave , special gear needs to be worn
But when the first people went in to explore , they were almost overcome by the conditions - and there 's some pretty hairy video footage of them coming out of the cave on the verge of losing consciousness .
So we knew the dangers were real .
When you first look at the kit your first thought is : " Is that it ? "
There 's a special cooling suit - which is basically like a suit of chain mail but filled with ice cubes .
Then there 's a breathing system which feeds cool , dry air into your mask .
It 's OK to take the mask off for a short while , but do without it for more than about 10 minutes , and it 's likely that you 're going to start keeling over .
I was lucky of course .
All I had to do was stand there and talk , but the cameraman and all the others helping set out the lights were having to work in these conditions , wearing these cumbersome suits , and they really struggled .
We had a doctor outside the cave to monitor our vital signs , and we were coming out of the cavern with our heart rates up at 180 .
The biggest danger was falling over ; rescuing someone inside would have been very tricky .
The cave is at risk of being closed
Despite all the dangers , my overwhelming memory is the sheer beauty of the place .
Whenever people around me were faffing around with equipment , I 'd just stop and look around at the crystals .
It 's such a glorious place , it 's like being in a modern art exhibit .
I kept reminding myself : " You 're in the Naica Cave " , because there 's only a handful of geologists that have ever been in there , and so I was aware of how incredibly privileged I was .
Yet remarkably , for the people who own and run the Naica mine , the crystal cave is a side - show , a distraction .
They do n't make any money out of it and sooner or later , when the economics of the mine change , it will close .
We can be sure that there will be discoveries even more spectacular than Naica
Professor Iain Stewart
The pumps will be taken out , the mine and the cave will flood , and the crystals will once more be out of our reach .
But perhaps we should console ourselves with the thought that there are certainly lots more crystal caves waiting to be discovered .
For starters , the geology of the area around the cave suggests that there could be more crystal caves in the area around Naica .
But more broadly , the Earth 's crust must be riddled with wonders like this .
We know more about the outer edges of the Solar System than we do about the first kilometre of the Earth 's crust .
As we learn more about the crust , we can be sure that there will be discoveries even more spectacular than Naica .
I just hope I 'm around to see them .
How the Earth Made Us :
The epic story of how geology , geography and climate have influenced mankind is on Tuesday 19th January on BBC Two at 2100 GMT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A week late and at least a couple million dollars short , I thought I should comment on David Staples ' fine report on the trade SALE of Mark Messier .
Here 's a link , although the basics are right in the title : Secret cash payment to Pocklington in Mark Messier deal finally comes to light .
In it Pocklington admits " There was a couple of million with it . "
Well , is n't that a surprise .
First of all , a short lesson in Pocklingtonese for those new to the form .
" There was a couple of million with it . "
" a couple " means somewhere on the number line between ( conservatively ) ½ and 10 .
" means somewhere on the number line between ( conservatively ) ½ and 10 . " million " could mean cash , promissory note , shares , jewellery , ( highly - leveraged ) property value , a piece of art ( insured value , not real value ) , a few other things I 've forgotten and any combination thereof , and was much more likely to be calculated in " future market value " than " current market value " .
" could mean cash , promissory note , shares , jewellery , ( highly - leveraged ) property value , a piece of art ( insured value , not real value ) , a few other things I 've forgotten and any combination thereof , and was much more likely to be calculated in " future market value " than " current market value " .
And " it " could mean anything .
Anything at all .
The persistent rumour of the day - 1991 October 1 to be specific - was $ 5 MM US .
For sure the only way the deal made any sense whatsoever was for there to be at least 30 pieces of silver changing hands , because as a hockey deal it stank to high heaven .
It stank even before the little - remembered future considerations kicked in , in which the Oilers sent another once - and - future Stanley Cup champion Manhatten 's way for a pinch of coon shit .
Moreover , this was n't even the first time the Oilers got the short end of the stick in what was a series of transactions between the two clubs over the next 3 or so years ...
Trivia question # 1 : Who is the Only player in NHL history to be named to the end - of - season First All - Star Team at two different positions ?
Trivia question # 2 : Who is the Only player in NHL history to captain two different franchises to the Stanley Cup ?
When the Rangers won the Stanley Cup for the only time in even my lifetime in 1994 , they were stocked with no fewer than 7 players who had won the Cup with Edmonton in 1990 .
The Rangers acquired all but one , Glenn Anderson , directly from the Oilers .
The Oilers fared alright in the last two of those six deals , but up ' til then it was a massacre .
1991 September 3 : Rangers sign Adam Graves as a restricted free agent .
NHL - appointed arbitrator assigns Troy Mallette to the Oilers as " equal " compensation .
This was n't exactly a trade : because the Oilers were too stupid / cheap to offer Graves a fair contract he got offer sheeted .
" Gravey " would go on to play 772 regular season games for the Rangers , scoring 280 goals including 52 in the Stanley Cup season , and getting his number 9 retired ( alongside Andy Bathgate ) in MSG .
Mallette would play all of 15 games for the Oil , bulging the twine once .
His number 12 remains in circulation .
as a restricted free agent .
NHL - appointed arbitrator assigns to the Oilers as " equal " compensation .
This was n't exactly a trade : because the Oilers were too stupid / cheap to offer Graves a fair contract he got offer sheeted .
" Gravey " would go on to play 772 regular season games for the Rangers , scoring 280 goals including 52 in the Stanley Cup season , and getting his number 9 retired ( alongside Andy Bathgate ) in MSG .
Mallette would play all of 15 games for the Oil , bulging the twine once .
His number 12 remains in circulation .
1991 October 1 : Oilers trade Mark Messier to Rangers for Bernie Nicholls , Steven Rice , Louie DeBrusk and " a couple of million with it " .
Unlike Brian Burke and Darcy Regehr , Glen Sather was n't one to bear a grudge about offer sheets judging by this league - changing deal .
Actually it 's entirely unfair to tar and feather Sather for this one , which has Pocklington 's fingerprints all over the unmarked bills .
The diminishing asset Messier would only play 698 regular season games for the Rangers ( taking a three - year hiatus in Vancouver ) , score 691 points , captain the Rangers to two President 's Trophies and one Stanley Cup , and of course get his own number 11 retired for a second time .
The three guys coming our way would play just a combined 417 games , with the worst player of the three , DeBrusk , playing the lion 's share ( 228 ) of those .
Nicholls would play 95 games in Edmonton , Rice 94 .
Nicholls was pretty much a spent force by then , though he did have a nice run in the ' 92 playoffs .
Rice on the other hand , was a supposed can 't - miss prospect who officially became a Slug while in Edmonton .
He was Brad Isbister , Brad Winchester , Josh Green , and J - F Jacques rolled into one .
to Rangers for , , and " a couple of million with it " .
Unlike Brian Burke and Darcy Regehr , Glen Sather was n't one to bear a grudge about offer sheets judging by this league - changing deal .
Actually it 's entirely unfair to tar and feather Sather for this one , which has Pocklington 's fingerprints all over the unmarked bills .
The diminishing asset Messier would only play 698 regular season games for the Rangers ( taking a three - year hiatus in Vancouver ) , score 691 points , captain the Rangers to two President 's Trophies and one Stanley Cup , and of course get his own number 11 retired for a second time .
The three guys coming our way would play just a combined 417 games , with the worst player of the three , DeBrusk , playing the lion 's share ( 228 ) of those .
Nicholls would play 95 games in Edmonton , Rice 94 .
Nicholls was pretty much a spent force by then , though he did have a nice run in the ' 92 playoffs .
Rice on the other hand , was a supposed can 't - miss prospect who officially became a Slug while in Edmonton .
He was Brad Isbister , Brad Winchester , Josh Green , and J - F Jacques rolled into one .
1991 November 12 : It gets worse .
The future considerations of the Messier deal are announced .
Oilers trade Jeff Beukeboom to Rangers for David Shaw .
Beukeboom would go on to play 520 games as a Ranger , most of them as Brian Leetch 's responsible stay - at - home partner , and would have played many more if not for suffering a career - ending concussion in a senseless assault by Kings ' goon Matt Johnson .
Shaw would play 12 games of - 8 hockey for the Oilers .
to Rangers for .
Beukeboom would go on to play 520 games as a Ranger , most of them as Brian Leetch 's responsible stay - at - home partner , and would have played many more if not for suffering a career - ending concussion in a senseless assault by Kings ' goon Matt Johnson .
Shaw would play 12 games of - 8 hockey for the Oilers .
1992 December 11 : Oilers trade Kevin Lowe to Rangers for Roman Oksiuta and NY Rangers ' 3rd round choice ( Alexander Kerch ) in 1993 Entry Draft , December 11 , 1992 .
Lowe would play 217 regular season games as a Ranger , Oksiuta 36 with the Oilers ( - 15 ) and Kerch just 5 ( in which he posted a memorable 0 - 0 - 0 , - 8 ) .
This was the only one of all these deals where any sort of draft pick was involved .
to Rangers for and NY Rangers ' 3rd round choice ( ) in 1993 Entry Draft , December 11 , 1992 .
Lowe would play 217 regular season games as a Ranger , Oksiuta 36 with the Oilers ( - 15 ) and Kerch just 5 ( in which he posted a memorable 0 - 0 - 0 , ) .
This was the only one of all these deals where any sort of draft pick was involved .
1993 March 17 : Oilers trade Esa Tikkanen to Rangers for Doug Weight .
Finally , a deal that worked out for the Oil , although it also delivered what the Rangers needed in another playoff - savvy vet who would help them win that Cup .
Tikkanen would play 144 games as a Ranger , Weight 588 as an Oiler , scoring 577 points .
Finally , after Mallette , Rice , DeBrusk , Shaw , Oksiuta , and Kerch , the Oilers got a real player in return .
to Rangers for .
Finally , a deal that worked out for the Oil , although it also delivered what the Rangers needed in another playoff - savvy vet who would help them win that Cup .
Tikkanen would play 144 games as a Ranger , Weight 588 as an Oiler , scoring 577 points .
Finally , after Mallette , Rice , DeBrusk , Shaw , Oksiuta , and Kerch , the Oilers got a real player in return .
1994 March 21 : Oilers trade Craig MacTavish to Rangers for Todd Marchant .
MacTavish would play just 12 regular season games as a Ranger , but importantly , 23 more in the playoffs as a defensive / PK / faceoff specialist .
Marchant would play 678 games for the Oilers .
A clear win for the Oilers , but the fact that Toddy played > 50X as many regular season games for his new club as MacT but less than 2X the number of playoff games puts the deal in a little different perspective .
Rangers were close enough at that point that they were willing to give up real prospects to win .
Finally , after being raped in four previous deals , the Oilers actually got excellent return in the last two , acquiring their core centres for The Little Team That Could .
From a Rangers perspective , NYR got decent value for those trades acquiring useful , experienced parts , while winning outright the first four transactions .
It 's surely inarguable that without that series of transactions , or indeed the Messier one alone , the Rangers would n't have even the one Stanley Cup from these last 70 years .
Not that I 'm bitter or anything .
Of all the players who changed hands over that unprecedented sequence of transactions , the one with by far the most present market value and future market value was undeniably Mark Messier .
Far more than a couple of million worth .
He was immediately named captain of the Rangers , brought instant credibility to a struggling team , and proved his playing chops and leadership mettle by winning the Hart Trophy and leading the Broadway Blues to the President 's Trophy .
Two years later he would lead them to the regular season - playoff " double " including the Grail , scoring the Cup - winning goal in Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals .
* * *
While trading activity between the two slowed down to something approaching normal after 1994 , the two teams continued to have a strangely incestuous inter-relationship , essentially training each other 's management and coaching staffs .
Glen Sather himself moved on to the Rangers in 2000 , and hired ex-Oiler coach Ron Low as his new head man .
In Edmonton , Kevin Lowe had first replaced Low as coach , then replaced Sather as GM , hiring ex-Rangers assistant Craig MacTavish as his own head man .
Today , Sather and Lowe remain in key upper management positions , while things have settled down on the coaching front other than the Oilers hire of ex-Ranger coach Tom Renney .
Peter Pocklington , meanwhile , claims to be misunderstood .
Trivia answerS : Mark Messier
Which is better : Yoga or Gym difference between Yoga and Gym
Yoga is a science of living in Yoga Teacher Training , according to which we should live our life by following the rules .
That is , ...
The always - expanding Nanny State does more than treat adults like children , it can also smother job creation — even in the " live free or die " state of New Hampshire .
So as the national debate " pivots " from health care to jobs , Reason.tv suggests that politicians looking to " do something " about the stubbornly high unemployment rate first undo the regulations that ensnare entrepreneurs like Kim Ong .
Ong 's parents brought her family from Vietnam to the United States in 1985 .
" They said this is a country of freedom , a country of opportunities , " recalls Ong , who took their words to heart and now owns Kim's Spa & Nails in Derry , New Hampshire .
When the recession hit she began looking for new ways to generate business .
Her thoughts turned to a luxurious practice that 's popular in parts of Asia — fish pedicures .
Ong spent over $ 6,000 to purchase fish and equipment , a big investment for the small business owner .
However , her gamble paid off when she saw how much customers loved having their feet exfoliated by tiny fish .
Soon
Ong had a waiting list for this hip new service .
But instead of hiring more employees , Ong hired a lawyer to plead her case to state regulators who questioned the safety and hygeine of fish pedicures .
Unfortunately for Ong and her customers , New Hampshire 's Board of Barbering , Cosmetology , and Esthetics banned the practice .
That 's right , the state that lets adults motorcycle without a helmet or drive without a seat belt wo n't tolerate tiny fish nibbling at the dead skin on your feet .
This is just one small example of a larger problem .
Most people have no idea how many local , state , and federal regulations entrepreneurs struggle against , notes Adrian Moore , an economist with Reason Foundation .
" Every day new businesses try to start but find out they 're not allowed to because of some regulation or it's too expensive because of some regulation , " Moore says .
And if the Nanny State is spreading into New Hampshire , the one place we thought was immune to it , we may all be in bigger trouble than we thought .
" New Hampshire Nannies " is written and produced by Ted Balaker , who also hosts .
Producer : Hawk Jensen ; Associate Producer : Paul Detrick , Additional Camera : Meredith Bragg .
Special thanks to Yvonne Hair & Nails in Alexandria , Virginia .
Approximately 5.30 minutes long .
Scroll down for iPod , HD , and audio versions of this video .
Subscribe to Reason.tv's YouTube Channel and receive automatic notifications when new material goes live .
The exploits of China 's first emperor , Qin Shihuangdi , are richly documented in 2,000 - year - old records of his conquests across eastern China .
His reign was indeed noteworthy -- he is responsible for initiating construction of the Great Wall , and the discovery of life - size terracotta soldiers that guard his tomb in central China has generated worldwide attention .
But as the saying goes , history is written by the winners .
Ancient texts can contain inaccuracies favorable to a strong ruler 's legacy .
That 's why two Field Museum scientists and their Chinese collaborator have integrated textual information with archaeological research in order to further understand the impact of Shihauangdi's reign .
The scientists are Gary Feinman and Linda Nicholas -- husband and wife anthropologists who , since 1996 , have spent four to six weeks each year walking across fields in rural China looking for pottery sherds and other artifacts with colleagues including Fang Hui of the School of History and Culture at Shandong University .
They compared ancient written records to archaeological evidence and the result of their work is a more holistic view of China 's first emperor and his influence on the eastern province of Shandong .
A report of their research will be published in the online early edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences during the week of March 1 , 2010 .
Shihuangdi first unified China in 221 BC but scholars have few details of his distant conquests or how they changed the path of local histories .
Records show that in 219 BC the emperor visited Langya Mountain on the southeastern Shandong coast .
Written accounts from that time say the area " delighted " him and he stayed for three months .
Afterwards , he ordered 30,000 households ( about 150,000 people ) to colonize the area with the promise that new immigrants would be free from tax and labor obligations for 12 years .
He began construction of a network of roads in this region far distant from his capital in order to facilitate the movement of officials , troops , and commerce .
Proximity to resources such as salt and iron made the Langya Mountain area attractive for economic activities .
" His order to colonize the area was not just a whim resulting from his ' delight . '
He probably wanted to move people loyal to him into a somewhat hostile region on the edge of the empire .
He had a unification strategy in mind -- he was consolidating his empire and laying a foundation for today 's modern Chinese nation , " explained Feinman .
Little had been written about the coastal area of Shandong , China , prior to Shihuangdi's order to move people there , and it was thought by some historians to have been sparsely populated before the arrival of the colonists .
However , the Field Museum scientists and their Chinese colleagues found pottery sherds , stone tools and other traces of past settlements that showed the area 's first significant occupation happened between 2600 - 2400 BC ( the Longshan period ) .
" Shihuangdi did n't just move people in to fill up the area .
We now know there were already people living there -- pottery sherds do n't lie .
The area had its own independent history and development .
But historians write about kings and emperors , they seldom write about common people , " said Feinman .
The changes brought about by the influx of colonists generated political changes that affected the size of settlements across the region .
However , not until the scientists surveyed the area around the modern town of Langya in 2008 did they recognize the immense size of the first emperor 's footprint .
As they surveyed around Langya , they encountered continuously dense scatters of ancient pottery over an area of 24 square kilometers .
The settlement dating to the Shihuangdi reign spreads across the lands of more than 25 modern towns and villages .
The scientists ' findings support the written accounts that 150,000 people were moved into the area .
" Our research provides a holistic context for this imperialistic episode and the changes that followed in coastal Shandong .
By comparing written records with recent archaeological research , we now know that the area was well populated prior to Shihuanghi's order to colonize it and that the emperor 's footprint on this coastal zone far from his capital was significant and lasting .
The archaeology amplifies the textual records and fills in the blanks with new details about this important period in China 's history , " said Feinman .
When I recently described Sarah Palin as a " neocon Barbie doll , " I was making an important point in a humorous way .
The former beauty queen is entirely clueless about international affairs .
She has let her views be molded by a bunch of liberal internationalists who believe in the Wilsonian view that it is the proper role of the federal government to run the entire world .
Whether you call this making the world safe for democracy , as Wilson did , or ending tyranny on Earth , as George W. Bush did , it 's the exact opposite of what the founding fathers intended .
I 'm proud to say I was the first conservative newspaper columnist in America to unmask Palin as a fraud .
But Larry Auster has a distinction I covet .
He beat me by a few days on his blog to become the very first conservative pundit in America to point out that Sarah Palin is supremely unqualified to rise above the job she held when she appeared on the national scene , governor of Alaska .
My readers were not happy when I pronounced Palin a ditz .
Yet a ditz she is , though an amiable , athletic and attractive one .
Auster has a post on his View From the Right blog in which he cites an illogical defense of Palin on the American Thinker blog by Stuart Schwartz .
Schwartz makes the mistake of permitting liberals to define conservatism , Auster argues .
If liberals think Palin is an airhead , Schwartz reasons , then conservatives must assume Palin is not an airhead .
Here 's Larry 's take on it :
It does not seem to occur to Schwartz that both the liberals and Palin can be airheads .
And that many of Palin 's views are in fact liberal , such as her belief in a liberal internationalist foreign policy , her belief that public - school teachers are underpaid , her opposition to school vouchers , her opposition to tort reform and so on .
And then there 's the fact that her sole political experience is as governor of a virtual welfare state .
Just what is conservative about Palin ?
I 've never been able to get an answer to that from any of her followers .
Schwartz is no help .
His reasoning reaches a nadir when he poses as " Sarah Palin's brain " and attacks George F. Will as an elitist for having criticized Palin and also having attended Princeton :
Even the Palin he poses as could n't be this stupid .
Will got his Princeton Ph.D. from a different department and in a different era than the one in which the university hired Peter Singer as an ethicist .
You would have to be a complete moron to connect Will ( Princeton 1968 ) to university hiring decisions decades later .
And as for this tedious " I am Sarah Palin 's brain " device Schwartz employs , it was hackneyed decades ago when Reader Digest employed it in the series about vital organs that contained such entries as " I am Joe 's liver . "
Here 's my take :
There is nothing conservative about the crowd at the American Thinker .
They are the standard bunch of " neo " conservatives who worship Washington power and want to get their hands on it .
Their view of the world comes not from the founding fathers but from Leon Trotsky through Irving Kristol and then Irving 's idiot son Bill .
This gets a bit complicated for the typical conservative to figure out .
When I start explaining to the casual sort of conservative the neocons ' connections to Trotsky and 1930s left - wing intellectuals , I just get the dull stare one expects from people who take Palin seriously .
But if you wish to educate yourself on this , Justin Raimondo does a good job of explaining it all here .
By the way , also note this article on the American Thinker touting that tired old neocon hack Fred Thompson for president in 2012 and terming him " the next Ronald Reagan . "
I dismissed that claim long ago in this piece on the front man for the nutty - neocon American Enterprise Institute .
As for Sarah , the neocons think she 's stupid enough to be controlled by them if she somehow becomes president .
I disagree .
She 's certainly not smart by my definition .
But then my definition involves physicists like William Happer , whom I cited in my prior piece on global - warming alarmism .
If Palin's no physicist , though , she certainly seems to have reasonable instincts .
So if by some fluke she got elected president , I suspect she would employ those instincts and avoid the endless fiasco the neocons envision for our armed forces .
In the meantime , however , you can't blame a neocon boy for dreaming about a pinup !
So , as a bilingual person , you very often borrow terms from one language into the other .
Examples include how Swedish developers will say " libbet " for " the library " , but crucially , only for software libraries .
The very reason we bilingualists borrow words so often is that we feel the non-native word is a narrower metaphor for what we 're trying to say .
This happens for pretty much any IT - related verb , I say " Jag pushar branchen till ditt repo " where neither push , branch nor repo are actual Swedish words .
( " I push the branch to your repository " . )
Why is this a problem , and why do I bother telling you about it ?
It surely is a natural phenomenon for any bilingualist , and not anything new or unheard of .
It 's a problem because of the word " pull " .
See , Swedish has a particular suffix for verbs in present tense .
It 's " - a " .
This , applied to " pull " , yields " pulla " .
The word " pulla " already exists , which is usually not an issue , were it not for what the word means : " pulla " is colloquial Swedish for " female masturbation " , or " fingering oneself " .
So , to me , the following conversation I had with a fellow Swedish coworker the other day makes total sense ( and you can probably guess what it means ) :
me : okej , najs me : även om du pullat ?
coworker : pullade för ~ 5 min sen
I ask if he has pulled the latest changes , he says he pulled me five minutes ago .
Nothing odd about that .
Except that this , interpreted by an average Swedish person , reads :
me : okay , nice me : even if you fingered yourself ?
coworker : I fingered myself about five minutes ago
You can see how this can get pretty awkward when around people who have no idea about these matters , as is not uncommon .
So please , dear reader , I call upon you to change this name to something more bilingually friendly .
Something neutral .
Its tiny continuing mission : to explore strange , tiny new worlds , to seek out new tiny life and new tiny civilizations , to boldly go where no one tiny has gone before !
It might seem weird at first , but your favourite drink might have more than just alcohol in it .
Brewmasters , winemakers , and distillers may include animal ingredients in their products directly , or they might use them in the processing and filtration .
When making the product , dairy , honey , and other things are ingredients in the final recipe .
When filtering the drinks prior to bottling , companies can use things like isinglass ( from fish bladder , ) gelatin , egg whites , and sea shells , among other things .
These products grab onto the impurities and make it easier to catch them in the filters , though there are many animal - free alternatives in use .
RIDGEWOOD , N.J. – Renowned Jersey
Shore historian Kevin Woyce will share his knowledge with Ridgewood residents when he speaks about the history of the state 's favorite summertime destination .
Woyce , author of several books on New Jersey , will speak at the Ridgewood Library Thursday , Sept.
3 . Woyce will talk take residents on a " a colorful tour of our coastal history . "
For more information on the event , visit the library 's website .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
Reductionism And Systems Thinking : Complementary Scientific Lenses
I 'm sure many of you have heard the old story about a group of blind men trying to describe an elephant .
One guy grabs the elephant 's leg and says an elephant must be like a tree .
Another guy grabs the end of its tail and says it 's like a woman 's ponytail .
Another one catches a breeze from the elephant 's flapping ear and says the creature is more like a large fan .
( Okay , obviously I do n't remember the details of the story , but you get the picture . )
One of the places I heard this story in detail was in a course on Indian Philosophies , and it was used as a way of describing the difficulty any one person will have in understanding the whole of reality .
Scientists , of course , have a general common goal of understanding all of material reality .
Each one of us has a limited range of personal experiences , and we can only conduct so many experiments in a lifetime , but we try to listen to other scientists in order to get a better idea of what else material reality might involve beyond the experiments we have dealt with on our own .
The broader the range of approaches we use to study a given phenomenon , or to study a range of phenomena , the better we can understand the whole of reality .
Up until recently , much of scientific methodology was based on a particular scientific lens known as reductionism .
Through this lens , scientists try to understand reality by breaking it down into component parts , and then studying the behavior of those parts .
A huge range of experimental methods and tools can be employed to study reality using this lens , so as a sort of meta - methodology it has been wildly successful .
Reductionism has been the basis of probably most scientific fields , and has led to an impressive range of discoveries and technologies .
Its elegance lies in the fact that getting rid of all the " other stuff " making up a particular phenomenon allows us to get back to proximal causation bringing about a small part of that phenomenon .
Ideally , scientists get down to the point where they select factors they think are involved in the event , essentially making themselves the proximal cause of that small part of the phenomenon .
The level of control involved in pulling apart phenomena in this way implies that technology readily flows from scientific study , and so phenomena that can be dissected in this way tend to become the most lucrative technologies .
( Perhaps this explains why otherwise reasonable individuals are perfectly willing to believe in electricity but not in macroevolution -- they simply can't figure out how to make any money from it ? )
One of the limitations of reductionism is actually one of its most useful assumptions : that the parts of a phenomenon are independent .
This assumption suggests that it is perfectly valid to look at all of the parts of a phenomenon in isolation from each other , and that merely combining the understanding of all those parts will lead to an understanding of the phenomenon as a whole .
There are obvious cases where this is clearly absurd .
For example , it does n't seem entirely fair to look at the expression of every gene in an organism as if it is truly independent from all the others .
They all , after all , have a shared evolutionary history , are found in the same individual , and many have direct influences on each other .
Even using traditional methods to correct for multiple statistical tests does n't seem to fix this problem .
A more familiar example of this difficulty is the experience of consciousness .
It seems incredibly difficult to predict consciousness as an outcome of physics , biochemistry , and cell biology -- none of what we know about the parts of the nervous system , in isolation , seem to be terribly predictive in terms of explaining how this phenomenon occurs .
How can we explain this and similar sorts of emergent properties ?
This very question helped lead to the development and use of systems theory .
Instead of breaking wholes down into parts , this scientific lens focuses one 's attention on the connections and / or flows of material or energy between the parts .
In other words , this is more of a synthetic approach than an analytical one .
It tends to be more conceptual in nature , with a major focus on designing mathematical and computational models of phenomena to see where unusual behaviors start to develop in the system as a whole .
Comparisons are made between the models and the natural systems to determine how well the model explains the observations .
Such approaches have led to new ways of thinking about ecology and biology , but for the time being , the preponderance of researchers in this area have strong engineering or physics backgrounds .
Of course , systems thinking also has its drawbacks and can never be used entirely in isolation from reductionist approaches .
Obviously , without at least a rudimentary understanding of the parts , systems thinking is doomed to fail .
Furthermore , because of the potentially huge number of connections between parts in even a moderately - sized system , the data collection phase for understanding the system at baseline can be quite intensive .
Connections can be difficult to measure because they are transient , or because flows from one part to another are simply inherently difficult to measure .
For example , if a cryptic mycorrhizal species is discovered in a forest ecosystem , an entirely new study might be needed to determine matter or energy transfer rates between the mycorrhizal species and any species it interacts with before a viable model of the ecosystem could be generated .
This sort of work could take a few years to complete in and of itself .
Despite the difficulty of carrying out science from a systems perspective , it is very important that we do just that .
As a species with huge material and energy transfer rates , we have an incredible ability to affect a broad set of aspects of the environment , such as species diversity , global climate patterns , and ocean pH levels .
To study such phenomena in isolation from each other is unlikely to reveal the feedback patterns we badly need to better understand in order to ensure our future survival .
There are good arguments to be made , too , that systems thinking is not merely a survival tool for the environment , but also for the increasingly globalized economy .
And of course , it would be pretty neat to know things like how plants integrate environmental signals to generate a specific response to a suite of environmental constraints .
Or , for the more philosophical among us , to know from a systems perspective how Decartes came up with his famous statement , " I think , therefore I am . "
Journey Forward with Pokémon Journeys on Netflix
Twelve more episodes from Pokémon Journeys : The Series are now available to stream in the US .
We kick things off with the standard bio / background on Christopher Knowles , finding out how he got interested in esoterica and how that ended up merging with his interest in comic books .
We then delve into the premise behind Our Gods Wear Spandex and Christopher talks about how the Industrial Revolution caused a move towards mysticism which eventually led into pop culture , notably comics .
We examine how this crossover can be seen in Vril : The Power of the Coming Race by Edward Bulwer - Lytton , which used elements of Hollow Earth theory to introduce the concept of a superhuman , a theme which would evolve into the superheroes of comic book lore .
Knowles explains how Vril ended up influencing the esoteric scene as much as it did the world of pop culture , a cyclical effect which can be seen ongoing to this day .
Jumping into the realm of comics , we find out about how the Depression era was a key element in the evolution of comics and sci fi as it spawned the novel Gladiator , which endowed heroes with superpowers , constrasting the past where they had previously been merely normal people .
This leads to Christopher detailing how this paved the way for Superman , which represented a sea change from mysticism to science - based mythology in comics .
Taking things to a somewhat meta level , we talk about how some critics contend that Superheroes are actually facist because they sit " above " average people .
Christopher details this criticism and explains how the " uberman " split into two divergent paths which can actually be seen in various elements of World War II , such as the character of Captain America who was powered by a super soldier serum , a concept that was literally being developed by Nazi scientists .
This segues into Christopher talking about how Our Gods Wear Spandex raised the ire of some comic book fans because of his thesis tying the esoteric to comic books .
This , in turn , leads to some discussion about how the sci fi community , despite being hugely esoterically influenced , is paradoxically strongly anti-esoteric .
Taking things back to that nexus of esoterica , fiction , and politics , Christopher shares the story of the " Magical Battle of Britain , " where real occult enthusiasts in WWII Britain joined together to cast magical spells protecting the country from the Nazis .
Looking back at the comic industry , we talk about how the emergence of television was a huge blow to the popularity of comics and that segues into some discussion on the public perception of comics as " kid 's entertainment " or trashy and how long that perception has been in existence .
Continuing to trace the evolution of the comic industry , we find out about the " Comics Code , " a self - imposed censorship by the comic book industry after receiving a lot of criticism by the media and the government in the 1950's .
Next we discuss the concept of golems and how they constitute a key archetype of superheroes such as Batman and , later , Wolverine and Punisher .
Following that , we talk about William Moulton Marston , a truly bizarre and eccentric man who created Wonder Woman .
This segues into some discussion on why Wonder Woman has n't made the transition to film in recent years with the explosion of Superhero films .
We also cover Spiderman and find out where he fits into whole milieu of esoterica and comic characters .
This leads us to talking about Jack Kirby , a titan in comic book history , who is often overshadowed by his more charismatic partner Stan Lee .
Christopher starts by providing a detailed look at Jack Kirby 's past prior to his entrance into the comic book field .
Christopher details how Kirby brought a lot of focus on esoteric elements such as aliens and , especially , ancient astronauts , as he developed his stories .
He also reflects on how Kirby seemed to be in tune with something in the ether where many of his works pre-told events which would later unfold in real life , such as the " Face on Mars , " the Gulf War , and the theory that Iraq had lost artifacts from ancient astronauts .
Christopher also shares his story of meeting Stan Lee and this leads to some discussion of Lee's TV show Who Wants to be a Superhero ?
and how that embodies the change in comic fans where just reading the comics is not enough and they , themselves , aspire to be the superheroes .
Christopher speculates that this trend will continue onward into virtual reality and other cutting edge means of storytelling where the viewer becomes enveloped in the story .
Wrapping up our discussion on Our Gods Wear Spandex , we talk about Alan Moore 's emergence as one of the premiere writers in the comics field and how that shifted the power structure in the industry from artists to writers .
This leads to some discussion on how comics evolved into the 1990's .
Christopher talks about why he hates the early 1990 's era of comics and how the industry seemed to hinge on taking advantage of the collectors market .
He also reveals how all of this changed with a comic called Kingdom Come .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ DO YOU WANT A CIGARETTE ? ” I ask Htan Dah , holding up a pack of Thai-issue Marlboros .
We are sitting on opposite sides of a rectangular table , talking over the spread : three bottles of vodka , two cartons of orange juice , plates of sugared citrus slices , nearly empty bottles of beer and bowls of fried pork , sweet corn waffles , pad thai , a chocolate cake .
We share the benches with two guys each , and half a dozen others hover .
The men are all in their 20s .
Most of them are solid and strong and hunky ; their faces shine because they ’re drunk , and it ’s July .
They could be mistaken for former frat boys unwinding after another tedious workday .
Except that they ’re stateless .
They are penniless .
They speak three or four languages apiece .
Two of them had to bribe their way out of Thai police custody yesterday , again , because they ’re on the wrong side of the border between this country and the land - mine - studded mountains of their own .
Htan Dah ’s silky chin - length hair slips toward his eyes as he leans forward .
My Marlboros are adorned with a legally mandated photographic deterrent , a guy blowing smoke in a baby ’s face , but it does n’t deter Htan Dah .
Nor is he deterred by the fact that he does n’t smoke .
Tonight , he is flushed with heat and booze and the virility and extreme hilarity of his comrades .
Tonight , as always , he is celebrating the fact that he ’s still alive .
He takes a cigarette .
“ Never say no , ” he says , and winks at me .
I ’D ARRIVED AT Mae Sot a few weeks before .
This city in western central Thailand is a major hub for people , teak , gems , and other goods that enter the country illegally from Burma .
The place is rife with smugglers , dealers , undocumented immigrants , and slaves .
My bus arrived in the late afternoon .
I was n’t connected to any aid or charity organization —
I ’d just happened on a website of a group that said it was promoting democracy in the Texas - size military dictatorship of Burma , and eventually volunteered , via email , to help its activists living in Thailand learn English .
( As I was to discover , the particulars of their mission were far more dangerous , and illegal , so I ’ll refer to them as Burma Action . )
At the station , I was met by The Guy , whose name was n’t The Guy , but whose actual name I did n’t catch when he mumbled it twice and then just shook his head and laughed when I asked him to repeat it one more time .
After a brief ride in a three - wheeled tuk - tuk , we arrived at a gold - detailed black gate that stood heavy sentry at the road .
Behind it stood Burma Action ’s local HQ , a big but run-down house , two stories of worn wood and dirty concrete with a balcony on the left , cement garage on the right .
The Guy gave me a quick tour .
The “ kitchen ” had a sink and some dishes ; cooking took place out in the dining room / garage .
He took a few steps farther .
“ Bathroom . ”
He gestured into a cement - walled room through an oversize wooden door .
There was a squat toilet set into the floor , and in lieu of toilet paper a shallow well with a little plastic bowl floating on top .
There was also , running the length of the left wall , a giant waist - high cement trough filled with water and dead mosquitoes .
“ What ’s that ? ” I asked .
“ A bath . ”
I looked at it , jet - lagged .
“ How does it work ? ” I asked .
He exhaled hard through his nose , a whispery snort .
“ Like this , ” he said , pantomiming filling a bowl with water and dumping it over his head .
“ Are you hungry ? ”
I asked The Guy what was in the soup he offered me .
“ I do n’t know the word in English , ” he said .
“ Leaves ? ”
Close .
Twigs , actually .
The Guy pulled a stump of wood up next to me at the table , and watched me chew through the sautéed woody stems .
“ So , where are you from ? ” I asked .
“ Me ? ”
I nodded .
“ I am kuh - REN .
Everybody here , we are all kuh - REN . ”
Oh , man .
It was starting to come together now .
When I ’d landed in Bangkok , a Burma Action employee had picked me up at the airport to make sure I found the bus station and the right eight - hour bus north .
She was tiny and Thai and heavily accented , and repeatedly told me during our cab ride that everyone I was about to be working with was Korean .
It seemed sort of weird that a bunch of Koreans would move to Thailand together to work for peace in Burma , but I thought that was nice , I guessed , and even wrote in my journal , relievedly , “ Koreans tend to have excellent English skills . ”
When I ’d arrived at the Mae Sot bus station , The Guy had asked if I was his new volunteer .
“ Yes , ” I ’d said .
“ You ’re not Korean . ”
I ’d done my homework before leaving the States .
I had read about the Karen .
But I ’d only seen the word written down , and had assumed that it sounded like the name of my parents ’ blond divorced friend .
I did n’t know how it was pronounced any more than most Westerners would ’ve been certain how to say “ Darfur ” 10 years ago .
WHEN I TURNED the corner from the kitchen into the large living room , four pairs of dark eyes looked up from a small TV screen .
I smiled , but The Guy , leaning against the wall with his arms folded , did n’t make any introductions , so I sat on the marble floor among the legs of the white plastic chairs the guys were sitting in , quiet amid the rise and fall of their soft tonal syllables , deep , bubbling , like slow oil over stones .
The TV blared Thai .
Mosquitoes sauntered in through the screenless windows , possible hosts to malaria , dengue fever , Japanese encephalitis .
I ’d no natural resistance to the latter two , and I ’d opted against taking the sickening drugs for the former .
Not wanting to be the white girl who ran upstairs to hide under a mosquito net at dusk , I watched the guys laughing and talking , like a partygoer who did n’t know anyone .
I pulled my air mattress out of my bag and started blowing it up .
I got bit .
I scratched .
I shifted my sit bones on the shiny tile .
Finally , I stood up .
“ I ’m going to bed , ” I told The Guy .
He nodded , and looked at me for a second .
It was 7:30 .
“ Are you okay ? ” he asked .
I ’d just taken 27 hours of planes and automobiles .
I ’d glanced at the phrases “ Forced marriage ” and “ Human trafficking ” on a piece of paper taped to the wall behind the computers in the adjacent room .
I said that I was fine and headed upstairs .
I dropped my air mattress under the big blue mosquito net and lay down .
I had no real idea who these people were , or what they did here , or even what I was supposed to do here .
I appeared to have my work , whatever it was , cut out for me , since The Guy ( real name : The Blay ) seemed to be among the few who spoke English .
My digestive system had its work cut out for it , too , since these guys apparently ate sticks .
Lying there , listening to my housemates laugh and holler downstairs , I comforted myself with the thought that these Karen seemed nice .
I could n’t have guessed then , drifting to sleep to the sound of their amiable chatter , that every last one of them was a terrorist .
IMAGINE , FOR A moment , that Texas had managed to secede from the union , and that you live there , in the sovereign Republic of Texas .
Imagine that shortly after independence , a cadre of old , paranoid , greedy men who believed in a superior military caste took over your newly autonomous nation in a coup .
Your beloved president , who had big dreams of prosperity and Texan unity , whom you believed in , was shot , and now the army runs your country .
It has direct or indirect control over all the businesses .
It spends 0.3 percent of GDP on health care , and uses your oil and natural gas money to buy weapons that Russia , Pakistan , and North Korea have been happy to provide .
It sends your rice and beans to India and China , while your countrymen starve .
There is no free press , and gatherings of more than five people are illegal .
If you are arrested , a trial , much less legal representation , is not guaranteed .
In the event of interrogation , be prepared to crouch like you ’re riding a motorbike for hours or be hung from the ceiling and spun around and around and around , or burned with cigarettes , or beaten with a rubber rod .
They might put you in a ditch with a dead body for six days , lock you in a room with wild , sharp - beaked birds , or make you stand to your neck in a cesspool full of maggots that climb into your nose and ears and mouth .
If you do manage to stay out of the prisons , where activists and dissidents have been rotting for decades , you will be broke and starving .
Your children have a 10 percent chance of dying before they reach their fifth birthday , and a 32 percent chance they ’ll be devastatingly malnourished if they ’re still alive .
What ’s more , you and 50 million countrymen are trapped inside your 268,000 - square - mile Orwellian nightmare with some 350,000 soldiers .
They can snatch people — maybe your kid — off the street and make them join the army .
They can grab you as you ’re going out to buy eggs and make you work construction on a new government building or road — long , hard hours under the grueling sun for days or weeks without pay — during which you ’ll have to scavenge for food .
You ’ll do all this at gunpoint , and any break will be rewarded with a pistol - whipping .
Your life is roughly equivalent to a modern - day Burmese person’s .
Now imagine that you belong to a distinct group , Dallasites , or something , that never wanted to be part of the Republic in the first place , that wanted to either remain part of the United States , which had treated you just fine , or , failing that , become your own free state within the Republic of Texas , since you already had your own infrastructure and culture .
Some Dallasites have , wisely or unwisely , taken up arms to battle the Texas military government , and in retaliation whole squads of that huge army have , for decades , been dedicated to terrorizing your city .
You and your fellow Dallasites are regularly conscripted into slavery , made to walk in front of the army to set off land mines that they — and your own insurgents — have planted , or carry 100 - pound loads of weaponry while being severely beaten until you ’re crippled or die .
If you ’re so enslaved , you might accompany the soldiers as they march into your friends ’ neighborhoods and set them on fire , watch them shoot at fleeing inhabitants as they run , capturing any stragglers .
If you ’re one of those stragglers , and you ’re a woman , or a girl five or older , prepare to be raped , most likely gang - raped , and there ’s easily a one - in - four chance you ’ll then be killed , possibly by being shot , possibly through your vagina , possibly after having your breasts hacked off .
If you ’re a man , maybe you ’ll be hung by your wrists and burned alive .
Maybe a soldier will drown you by filling a plastic bag with water and tying it over your head , or stretch you between two trees and use you as a hammock , or cut off your nose , pull out your eyes , and then stab you in both ears before killing you , or string you up by your shoulders and club you now and again for two weeks , or heat up slivers of bamboo and push them into your urethra , or tie a tight rope between your dick and your neck for a while before setting your genitals on fire , or whatever else hateful , armed men and underage boys might dream up when they have orders to torment , and nothing else to do .
And though you ’ve been sure for decades that the United States can’t possibly let this continue , it has invested in your country ’s oil and will not under any circumstances cross China , which is your country ’s staunch UN defender and economic ally , so you really need to accept that America is decidedly not coming to save you .
Nobody is .
Now your life is pretty much equivalent to a modern - day Burmese Karen’s .
Reporting for this story was supported by the Investigative Fund at the Nation Institute and the Fund for Investigative Journalism .
SHORTLY AFTER DAWN , someone dropped a pile of thinly sliced onions and whole garlic cloves with the skins still on into a wok of hot soybean oil .
As the smell wafted up , I climbed out from under my mosquito net and walked softly out of my room .
Htan Dah — whose name was pronounced , to my unceasing delight , the same as the self - satisfied English interjection “ ta - da ! ” — stood at the gas range , which spat oil at his baggy long - sleeved shirt .
He tilted the wok , concentrating harder than he needed to on the swirling oil .
Htan Dah was worried about me .
As the office manager of Burma Action for the past two years , he ’d heard the nighttime weeping of plenty of self - pitying philanthropists , who tended to arrive tired and instantly homesick .
The last girl , a Canadian with a lot of luggage , had started sobbing almost as soon as he ’d picked her up , and could n’t be calmed even by the hours she spent taking calls from her boyfriend back home .
She ’d cried for days .
Indeed , I ’d had a very sad moment the night before when , after my air mattress deflated and my angles pressed into hard floor , and I realized that the ants patrolling the grounds were trekking right through my hair , I actually hoped that I had contracted malaria or Japanese encephalitis from the mosquito bites raging hot and itchy so I would have a legitimate excuse to bail back to the States .
That way I would n’t have to be mad at myself for being too chickenshit to hack it through loneliness and less - than - ideal bathing arrangements .
I ’d even considered taking the bus back to Bangkok .
If there was n’t an immediate flight out , I could just hang out on Khao San Road and read books .
I hated Khao San Road , with its hennaed European backpackers and incessant techno and beer specials , but at least it was familiar .
I ’d realized then that I might start crying , but I was determined not to .
Instead , I saved the tearing up for when Htan Dah put another bowl of stick soup in front of me now and asked , “ How long are you staying ? ”
“ Six weeks , ” I said .
“ Six weeks ! ” he hollered .
“ Why not four months ?
Or six months ? ”
“ Six weeks is a long time to go out of the country in America , ” I said .
“ Besides , I was in Thailand for a month two years ago . ”
“ How many times have you been here ? ”
“ Twice . ”
“ Wow , ” he said .
Then , more softly , “ You have traveled a lot .
That ’s nice . ”
He had no idea , even .
“ Have you traveled ? ”
“ No , I cannot . ”
“ Why not ? ”
“ Because !
I am Karen ! ”
“ So what ? ”
“ So , I can not go anywhere . ”
He dumped chunks of raw , pink meat into the oil , which sputtered furiously .
“ If I go outside , I can be arrested . ”
“ Really ? ”
“ Yes ! I am refugee ! ”
Htan Dah ’s exclamations suggested that none of this should have been news to me — though I soon realized that this was also just how he talked .
But my books had n’t said much about refugees , or mentioned that most of the Burmese refugees in Thailand were Karen , and Burma Action had n’t told me that my housemates were refugees , and certainly not refugees who ’d run away from camp to live and work illegally in that house .
I , after all , was the one who ’d just figured out that no one here was Korean .
“ I ’m sorry , ” I said .
“ Why would you be arrested because you ’re a refugee ? ”
“ Because !
I do n’t have Thai ID .
I am not Thai citizen , so , I can not go outside refugee camp . ”
“ Really ? ”
“ Yes !
I can be fined , maybe 3,000 baht ” — nearly $ 100 in a country where the average annual income was about $ 3,000 — ” I can go to jail , or maybe , be deported … ”
We looked at each other , and he nodded in my silence , emphasizing his point with a sharp dip of his chin .
“ You have a lot of experience .
You have been to a lot of places . ”
“ Did you live in a refugee camp before ? ”
“ Yes .
Before I came to BA . ”
“ How long have you lived here ? ”
“ In Thailand ? ” Htan Dah asked .
“ I was born in Thailand . ”
TO BE A KAREN refugee in Thailand is to be unwelcome .
The Royal Thai Government , already sanctuary to evacuees from other Southeast Asian wars by the time the Karen showed up in the ’ 80s , was hardly in a hurry to recognize and protect them as refugees — and , not having signed the 1951 UN Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees , it did n’t have to .
This is only the latest misfortune in the Karen ’s long history of troubles .
They were massively oppressed and enslaved before Burma became a British colony in 1886 , but their relations with the Burmese were nothing so nasty as after they played colonialists ’ pet and then joined the Allies in World War II .
British officers promised the Karen independence for helping us fight the Burmese and Japan .
They lied .
The Karen resistance started , and the Karen National Union formed , about as soon as the ink was dry on Burma ’s postwar independence agreement .
Their oath had four parts : ( 1 ) For us surrender is out of the question .
( 2 ) Recognition of Karen State must be completed .
( 3 ) We shall retain our arms .
( 4 ) We shall decide our own political destiny .
The Karen had been well trained and well armed by Westerners .
They nearly took the capital in 1949 , and when they were pushed back to the eastern hills , they built the largest insurrection ( among many ) against the Burmese junta .
By the ’ 80s , the KNU claimed that its annual income , from taxing smuggled products flowing through the porous
Thai border , was in the tens of millions of dollars a year .
The junta responded with Four Cuts .
You ’ve never heard of Four Cuts , but it ’s a Burmese army strategy that every Karen child knows very well : cutting off the enemy ’s sources of food , finance , intelligence , and recruits ( and , some say , their heads ) .
Unfortunately for villagers , these sources of support include the villagers themselves , in addition to their rice and livestock .
It ’s the same strategy the British used to extinguish uprisings back in their day : “ We simply wiped out the village and shot everyone we saw , ” wrote Sir James George Scott , an intrepid administrator who , in addition to killing Burmese , introduced soccer to them .
“ Burned all their crops and houses . ”
Htan Dah ’s parents were among the first wave of Karen to flee the wrath of the Burmese army .
Today the Burmese camp population in Thailand is 150,000 , and the No. 1 answer people give when asked why they left Burma is “ running away from soldiers . ”
I ASKED HTAN DAH , on my third day , how many people lived in our office / house .
I ’d been working on lesson plans all day for the soon - to - start English classes .
Men had been working alongside me at the other computers , keeping to themselves .
“ Maybe 10 , ” he said .
A lot more dudes than that had been milling around .
Many of them were dudes in Che Guevara T - shirts .
Htan Dah said that in addition to present staff , there were visitors from other offices and NGOs , plus staff currently “ inside ” — in Burma .
“ Doing what ? ” I asked .
“ Doing interviewww , taking videooo , taking picturrre … ” he said , drawing out the final syllables .
“ They go to the village , and they tell about what is going on in Burma , and about how to unite for democracy .
Also , they ask , ‘ Have you seen Burma army ?
Have they raped you , or shot you , or burned your village ? ' ”
This explained the “ Human Rights Vocabulary ” translation cheat sheet I ’d noticed on my first night .
I ’d since gotten a better look at it , studying the 15 most - used phrases .
One side listed words in Karen script , a train of round characters , with loops that extended lines or swirls above and below the baseline .
The other side was in English : ( 1 ) Killings ( 2 ) Disappearances ( 3 ) Torture / inhumane treatments ( 4 ) Forced labor ( 5 ) Use of child soldiers ( 6 ) Forced relocation ( 7 ) Confiscation / destruction of property ( 8 ) Rape ( 9 ) Other sexual violence ( 10 ) Forced prostitution ( 11 ) Forced marriage ( 12 ) Arbitrary / illegal arrest / detention ( 13 ) Human trafficking ( 14 ) Obstruction of freedom of movement ( 15 ) Obstruction of freedom / expression / assembly .
These were going to be English classes like no other I ’d taken or taught .
“ Then what ? ”
“ Then they enter information into Martus . ”
“ Into … what ? ”
“ Human rights violation database . ”
“ Then what happens to the information ? ”
“ We can share , with other HRD . ”
“ With other … ”
“ Human rights documenter . ”
“ So you guys collect it all … ”
Htan Dah stared at me .
“ And then what ?
Then it just sits there ? ”
Htan Dah shrugged .
“ How do the guys get to the villages ? ”
“ They walk . ”
Reporting for this story was supported by the Investigative Fund at the Nation Institute and the Fund for Investigative Journalism .
This explained the physique of Htoo Moo , he of the silent h and the constant smiling and the never talking to me and the stupefyingly round and hard - looking ass .
“ How long are they gone ? ”
“ Depends .
Maybe three months . ”
“ Do they just hide around the jungle that whole time ? ”
“ Yes ! ” Htan Dah said .
“ If they are caught , they could die . ”
HERE ’S HOW IT worked : Somebody had to document what was going on in Burma — and stealthily .
One activist who gave an interview to a foreign reporter served seven years in prison .
Another was sentenced to 25 years for giving an interview critical of the regime to the BBC in 1997 .
Of the 173 nations in the Reporters Without Borders Press Freedom Index 2008 , Burma ranked 170th , behind every other country except the “ unchanging hells ” of Turkmenistan , North Korea , and Eritrea .
Burma has the third most journalists in jail .
As for coverage of eastern Burma , ground zero of the Karen war …forget about it .
So a couple of times a year , Htoo Moo , one of Burma Action ’s human rights documenters , shouldered a bag carrying what he was n’t wearing of nine shirts , three pairs of pants , two pairs of shorts , four pairs of underwear , and two pairs of socks — plus a tape recorder , six tapes , a notebook , three pens , a digital camera , a battery charger , a kilo of sugar , cold , sinus , and stomach medicines , a bottle of water , and 150 bucks ’ worth of Thai currency — and trekked clandestinely into his homeland .
His most recent trip had started with a six - hour drive , five hours in a long - tail boat watching the banks of the Salween River and a darkening sky , and two days of walking over mountains and jungle trade paths subsisting on just sugar and found water until he reached a village .
Even by Karen standards , this settlement was pretty remote ; a fish - paste purchase was a day ’s walk away .
At night , he slept outside on the ground , and during the day he stood thigh - deep in a river , trying — though he could n’t get the hang of the procedure , however effortless the villagers made it look — to net fish while chatting up villagers about abuses by the State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) , which is what the government of Burma calls itself .
After a month , Htoo Moo walked two days to interview escaped porters .
He took pictures of lesions the straps left in their shoulders — raw , pink holes infested with flies and maggots .
The porters told of being starved and dehydrated and repeatedly beaten with fists , kicks , and bamboo , of how prisoners who still fail to get up are shot or left to die , of doing double duty as minesweepers .
SPDC offenses can be partially charted by the trail of porters ’ corpses .
Dodging land mines , Htoo Moo walked to the next small village .
He entered it to find that some sort of plague had landed on all 10 houses , and most of the people were dying .
One house contained a dead boy whose father , the only family member left , was too sick to bury him .
The villagers encouraged Htoo Moo to look , to bear witness , and he did , but left after a few days , because there was nothing else to be done .
By the time he walked two days to another village , listened to and documented the story of a boy who was shot along with his father and brother by Burmese soldiers while cultivating rice , by the time he ’d looked at the fresh bullet holes in the boy ’s shoulder and ass , and at the bloody track another round had grazed into the side of his head , by the time the boy had explained how he ’d sent other villagers back to the field to get his brother and father as soon as he ’d staggered home but it was too late , they were already dead , by the time he took pictures of the boy ’s wounds , which had been treated with only boiled water and cotton dressing , Htoo Moo was ready for a rest .
“ The SPDC is coming , ” the chief told him .
So this is the drill :
You flee , carrying everything you can — big heavy loads , as much rice as you can stand on your back in giant baskets , any clothes or anything else you want to own for maybe the rest of your life , your baby .
Htoo
Moo helped the villagers hide rice , salt , fish paste , and some extra sets of clothing among the surrounding trees before they all took off together in the early evening .
He followed the 80 villagers along a path hidden beneath tall grass .
Figuring a six - hour walk put them far enough out of harm ’s way , they stopped at midnight and Htoo Moo slept , finally , on the forest floor .
But the next morning , a scout told them the SPDC was coming ; everyone needed to leave .
Htoo Moo had slept through breakfast , and there was n’t time to make more .
Neighboring villages had evidently joined the flight ; there were 200 people in the makeshift camp now .
They had with them one KNU soldier .
Not wanting to further strain the villagers ’ rations , Htoo Moo stalked an enormous rat he ’d spied lumbering around and killed it with one strike of a piece of bamboo .
When he smiled , pleased with his efficiency , an old man next to him laughed .
“ Before you woke up , ” he said , “ I tried to kill that .
I think it was already tired . ”
The villagers fled until noon .
Some of the children with no shoes lost flesh and bled as their feet pounded the ground , and some of them cried silently as they ran .
Htoo
Moo carried his bag on his back , the dead rat in one hand , his digital camera in the other , occasionally snapping pictures of the exodus .
When they stopped , he dug his fingers into the rat ’s skin and ripped it off .
He tore the meat into pieces and went in on lunch with another man , who provided a pot , chilies , and salt .
Five minutes later , his belly was full of seared rat meat .
He closed his eyes as sleep slowly started to overtake him , and then — gunshots .
Gunshots .
He clutched his bag and jumped to his feet .
Nobody screamed .
The boy with the bullet holes started running , new blood rushing from the wound in his ass .
Htoo
Moo took off , ahead of even the village chief , reaching a flat - out run , crashing shoulder - first through tall croppings of bamboo in his path , before realizing he had no idea where he should be going .
He stopped , turned around a couple of times , and considered ditching his camera .
What if the SPDC caught him ?
What if they saw that he ’d been taking pictures of gun-shot farmers , prisoner - porters with skin disease , cigarette burns , knife wounds , raw and infected shoulders that bore the permanent scars of carrying over mountains for days or weeks at a time ?
Though he felt like a coward , he fell back into the middle of the throng .
By the time they stopped at nightfall , news had spread through the crowd that one man in the rear had been shot dead .
Htoo
Moo listened to the men next to him talking .
Of the 200 people , four had guns , four or five rounds apiece .
One admitted that he had only three bullets left .
“ No problem , ” another told him .
“ You will just aim very well . ”
After three days of squatting and swatting bugs in the jungle , Htoo Moo told the chief that he wanted to leave .
Sometimes , villagers hide out for weeks because they do n’t know if it ’s safe to go back yet .
Sometimes , it never is .
Htoo
Moo needed to get back to work .
“ I will take you myself , ” the chief said .
“ I am ready . ”
He was in no hurry now .
He ’d heard over the radio that the soldiers had killed the pigs and the chickens , and then burned the village to the ground .
There was nothing to go back to .
To slow down the SPDC advance , the KNU had set up scores of new land mines , and the way in was no longer a safe way out .
Htoo Moo and the chief trudged through the jungle for three days to a KNU headquarters , where they shook hands and parted , and Htoo Moo asked a KNU insurgent to guide him the rest of the way .
Shortly after they started off , the parasites that had been multiplying in his liver since entering his body via mosquito burst through the cells that hosted them and flooded Htoo Moo ’s bloodstream .
He trekked slowly , through his fever , stopping when the retching brought him to his knees .
“ Do n’t rest there ! ” his guide screamed when he moved toward a smooth patch of soil just to the side of the path .
He ’d nearly knelt on a land mine .
It took another two days to reach the riverbank , where he bought antimalarial tablets with his last few baht and boarded the boat toward Thailand — which had , by default , become home .
“ DO YOU HAVE PICTURE ? ” Htan Dah asked one evening .
“ Of your friends ? ”
“ Let ’s go to the computer room , ” I replied .
Thus were several Karen refugee activists of Mae Sot , Thailand , bestowed with one of democracy ’s greatest gifts : that of wasting exorbitant amounts of time on social networking websites .
I logged in to MySpace , and clicked through some of my pals ’ profiles , talking about who they were , or where they were , or what they were doing in the pictures .
Htoo Moo , working diligently at the next computer , glanced over as nonchalantly as possible .
Htan Dah said very little .
Once , he asked me to clarify the gender of the girl I was pointing to on the screen .
“ Are you sure ? ” he asked .
“ She looks like a boy . ” I laughed and told him that she was a lesbian , my ex-girlfriend , actually , which seemed to clear it up for him .
Other than that , he mostly just stared at the monitor in stunned silence , for so long that it started to weird me out .
“ What do you think ? ” I asked him when I ’d finished the tour .
“ Wow , ” he said quietly .
“ So , those are my friends , ” I said .
He made no move to get up or take his eyes off the page .
I asked him if he wanted to see how the website worked .
I showed him the browse feature , dropping down the long list of countries whose citizens we could gawk at .
“ How about Myanmar ? ” he asked , spying the junta ’s official name for Burma among the options .
I was surprised it was there , and even more surprised that our first search turned up 3,000 profiles .
The junta has some awesome restrictions on owning electronics , especially computers .
In 1996 , Leo Nichols , former honorary consul for Scandinavian countries and friend of Burmese activists , was sentenced to three years for the illegal possession of fax machines and phones .
( Taken into custody , he was tortured and died . )
There are Internet cafés , but café workers are required to capture customers ’ screenshots every five minutes and submit their Web histories , along with home addresses and phone numbers , to the state .
Humanitarian geeks in other countries , though , work full time to give Burma ’s citizens Internet access , with proxy servers that they update when the government figures out how to block them .
From the look of it , they were doing their job .
On MySpace , ink - haired Burmese teens and twentysomethings stared at us : the chin - down - sexy - eyes - up shot , the haughty chin up / eyes half - closed look , the profile with eyes askance .
Their faces were surrounded by HTML - coded sparkles , animated hearts and stars , slaughtered English colloquialisms .
Htan Dah paused long and hard at each picture that came up .
Reporting for this story was supported by the Investigative Fund at the Nation Institute and the Fund for Investigative Journalism .
“ I do n’t know them , ” he said finally .
This conclusion struck me as pretty foregone , since he ’d never lived in Burma .
“ Did you think you would ? ”
He looked at me , realizing his mistake .
“ I do n’t know , ” he said softly .
We made Htan Dah his own profile , and he stayed logged in long after I ’d gone to bed .
At dinner the next day , Htan Dah , Htoo Moo , and another refugee , Ta Mla , spent a fair amount of time watching me and muttering to each other in Karen .
“ Something on your mind , tiger ? ” I asked Htan Dah .
“ We are talking about your girlfriend , ” he said .
Yeah , I ’d thought that conversation had ended a little too easily .
“ All right .
You can talk about it with me . ”
“ Do you ever have boyfriend ? ”
“ Yes .
I ’ve had boyfriends and girlfriends . ”
This produced a moment of confused silence , which I filled with a lame description of the sexuality continuum , along with an explanation of the somewhat loose sexual mores of modern American gals like myself .
Htan Dah responded by telling me that they had heard of gay people , since a visitor to the house had informed them of their existence — last year .
“ Last year ! ” I hollered .
“ Yes ! ” he yelled back .
“ In Karen culture , we do not have . ”
“ There ’s never been a gay person in a Karen village in the history of Karen society . ”
All three men shook their heads .
“ Come on . ”
“ If there was a gay person , they would leave , ” Htan Dah said .
“ It is not our culture . ”
“ Let ’s just say there was a gay person , ” I said .
“ Could n’t they stay in the village ? ”
“ No , ” Htan Dah said .
“ I would not allow gay people in my village . ”
“ Are you kidding me ? ! ”
Htan Dah held my gaze , though his seemed more uncertain the longer it went on .
“ Are you going to make me leave ? ”
“ No !
For you , in your culture , it is okay , ” he said .
“ You are not Karen .
But in our culture , it does not belong . ”
Htoo Moo and Ta Mla were nodding , and I scowled at them .
“ You ’re a refugee , ” I said .
“ And it sucks .
It ’s ruining your life .
But you would force another villager to become a refugee because they were gay ? ”
Nobody said no .
I turned on Htan Dah ; I was maddest at him , and he was probably the only one who could follow my fast , heated English .
“ If there was peace in Burma and you lived in a village and there was a gay Karen person , ” I asked again , “ you would want to make that person another Karen refugee by making them leave ? ”
That , or my anger , shut him up .
“ I am interested in your ideas , ” he said , evenly , after a minute .
“ I think it is important to keep an open mind . ”
I shut up , too , and focused on eating rice for a few awkward moments .
“ So , ” I said eventually .
“ Do you guys have sex ? ”
Htoo Moo and Ta Mla shook their heads while Htan Dah said , “ Sometimes . ”
“ Ever ? ” I asked Htoo Moo .
“ No , ” he said .
“ Why not ? ”
“ Because , I am not married . ”
“ What about you ? ” I asked Htan Dah .
“ Yes , ” he said , nodding hard once .
“ I am married . ”
“ You ’re married ? ”
Htan Dah laughed .
“ Yes !
I am married . ”
“ I did n’t know that .
Where is your wife ? ”
“ She is in camp .
With my kid . ”
“ You have a kid ? ”
Other things I did n’t know : that everyone currently in the house — save The Blay and Htan Dah , who were married , apparently — was a virgin .
This extended even to kissing .
They hailed from the parts of Burma that had been heavily influenced by Christian missionaries , and premarital sex was taboo .
Htoo
Moo volunteered that he was n’t actively looking for a girlfriend , and that he would n’t know what do with her even if he found one .
Htan Dah told me I had to show them MySpace again .
We crowded around a computer , our cheeks flushed with satiety and humidity and new camaraderie .
Htoo Moo interjected burning questions about American life as they came to him .
“ Do you eat rice in America ? ”
“ Yes .
Usually I eat brown rice . ”
“ Brown rice ? ”
“ It ’s rice with the hull still on it .
Do you know what I ’m talking about ? ”
“ No . I do n’t believe that …Have you ever eat tiger ? ”
“ Eaten tiger .
No . ”
“ Have you ever eat …monkey ?
“ ‘ Have you ever eaten monkey , ’ you mean .
No . ”
“ Are there black lady in America ? ”
“ Ladies . Yes … ”
“ What language do they speak ? ” Htan Dah chimed in .
“ English . ”
“ Really ? ”
I gaped at him , disbelieving , but before I could formulate a response , Htoo Moo said , “ In America , you have cream to grow hair . ”
He ran his hand over his baby - smooth jawline .
“ Yeah .
I think that ’s true .
I think it ’s generally for people who are bald , though . ”
“ Do you have that ? ”
“ Hair - growing cream ?
Oh , yeah .
I use it on my ass . ”
The sarcasm seemed to translate , since they laughed for minutes .
We made Ta Mla a MySpace profile , and he and Htan Dah started giving the other guys tutorials as they wandered in .
My work here was done .
A few days earlier , when I ’d asked my students what they did for fun , I ’d had to explain the concept of “ fun ” for about five minutes before anyone could answer me , and then the answers were “ Nothing , ” “ Nothing , ” “ Watch TV , ” and three “ Talk ”s .
By the time I went upstairs , every computer screen was lit , the guys scrolling through the faces of Burma , a window into a world they considered home but where some had never been and probably none would ever live again .
HTAN DAH DILIGENTLY kept me company during meals .
“ You are so slow , ” he said one morning , watching me chew every bit of rice into oblivion .
“ Why do n’t you eat fast ? ”
“ Why should I ? ” I asked .
“ I ’m not in a hurry . ”
“ But what if you are under attack , or have to run away ? ”
I scoffed at him .
“ I ’m from Ohio . ”
“ Yes , but I am refugee !
We are taught to eat fast . ”
Be that as it may , we were in peacetime Thailand , so this attack seemed like an incredibly hypothetical scenario , and even though Htan Dah had mentioned something about refugee camps getting burned down on the very first day of class , I ’d kind of dismissed it .
So boy did I feel like an asshole when he turned in an essay with this intro the next day :
Having been fallen a sleep at midnight , my parents , sister , aunt and I heard the children ’s screaming and the voice of the shelling mortars simultaneously came about , and suddenly jumped through the ladder from the top to the bottom of the house to get away from the attacking troops ’ ammunitions without grabbing any facility .
For a while , Htan Dah ’s family and all those other asylum - seekers in Thailand were safe , relative to the Karen still in Burma .
If they ventured out of the squalid camps , they were subject to harassment and arrest from one of the world ’s most corrupt police forces , but at least Burmese soldiers were less likely to march into a sovereign country to attack them .
What the Burmese army could do , though , was help a rival Karen faction to do so .
They called themselves the Democratic Karen Buddhist Army , or DKBA .
There had been discontent within the Christian - led KNU for years , complaints of abuses of power , religious discrimination , and grueling jungle - warfare conditions .
In 1994 , by which point there were 80,000 Karen living in the Thai camps , a government - allied monk persuaded several hundred Buddhist KNU soldiers to defect .
The junta was only too happy to support their cause — which included attacking refugee camps filled with Christian Karen .
The huts at Htan Dah ’s settlement of Huay Kaloke were cloaked in thick , warm Thai darkness as DKBA soldiers moved in on the 7,000 refugees living there in January 1997 .
Residents generally went to bed early ; there was no electricity , and flammable materials cost money nobody had .
But Htan Dah ’s mother sometimes hired herself out as a laborer , plowing fields for about a dollar a day .
That was far less than what the legal Thai workers alongside her made , but she needed money to buy nails — her scavenged - bamboo - and - thatch hut was n’t going to hold itself together — and candles , since she was n’t wild about her kids using homemade lamps , essentially tin cans filled with gasoline .
Reporting for this story was supported by the Investigative Fund at the Nation Institute and the Fund for Investigative Journalism .
The small encampment had become overpopulated , so that there was n’t even enough space to play soccer , and Htan Dah barely ever left it .
But a Christian organization had donated some books , and NGOs were running a full school system now .
Htan Dah had exams the next day ; he had stayed up past sundown studying and had been asleep for hours by the time the sound of gunshots reached his family ’s shelter .
Some children somewhere screamed as they leapt out of the elevated hut .
They ran , backs and knees bent , low to the dirt , for the surrounding woods as DKBA troops set fire to the camp .
The huts burned hot and fast .
Htan
Dah kept his head down , so that he hardly registered the other people running alongside , not even noticing that some were in their underwear .
“ Please , God , ” he prayed .
“ Oh my God .
Save me .
Save my life , ” over and over again .
It was a few days before his 16th birthday .
He prayed and ran until he reached the forest , where , like everyone else , he stopped , turned around , and stood silently watching the camp — bedrooms , books , photos , shoes , a shirt woven by a grandmother — burn to the ground .
The next day , the refugees returned to the smoldering plot and made beds in the ash .
They began slowly rebuilding , though none could have any illusions that the Thai security posted at the front gate would protect them .
They had long ago noted that the function of the guards was not so much keeping danger out as keeping the refugees in , collecting bribes from those who wanted to leave the camp to work or collect firewood or make a trip to the market .
Their attackers met no resistance on their way into Huay Kaloke that night .
And less than 14 months later , when vehicles full of DKBA soldiers drove in again , no one stopped them .
Again .
“ How do you know the Thai soldiers just let them drive right in through the front gate ? ” I interrupted Htan Dah as he told me this story on the reading bench in my room .
That an army would allow raiding foreign troops unfettered access to 7,000 sleeping civilians — twice — seemed frankly a little far - fetched .
“ Maybe the soldiers were trying to protect the gate , but the DKBA just went around or something . ”
Htan Dah had told this story before , and to several foreigners , but never to one rude enough to suggest that he was a liar .
He cocked his head .
“ Because , ” he said , “ There is only one road .
The only way into the camp is through the front gate ! ”
For a second time , Htan Dah awoke in the middle of the night to gunfire and shouting ; for a second time , he fled with his family and the clothes he was wearing for the safety of the surrounding trees .
But this time , the soldiers also shelled the camp .
This time , a pregnant woman was shot dead and two girls from Htan Dah ’s school who hid in a well suffered burns that killed them .
This time a seven - year - old died of shrapnel wounds and dozens were injured — and nearly the whole damn camp was burned down again .
“ We accept that we were inactive , ” the secretary general of Thailand ’s National Security Council conceded later .
Thai authorities decided to close the camp .
Htan Dah ’s family set up a temporary shelter made of sticks and a raincoat , under which they lived while they were waiting to be moved elsewhere .
The trucks did n’t arrive for almost a year and a half .
When they did , Htan Dah and his family were shipped to a camp in the mountains , where the population in exile eventually became 20,000 strong , where Htan Dah eventually grew up and got married and had a baby of his own , where the cold , wet winds cut through the shacks stacked high in the hills of central Thailand , far away enough to be safer from the DKBA .
MY DAYS FELL INTO a strange routine .
I taught two classes of English a day , beginner and intermediate .
After and between classes , and before the evening of drinking began in earnest , I snacked on coconut - fried cashews I bought at the 7 - Eleven while helping the guys translate their HRD interviews or fill out applications for asylum .
They kept filling out the applications , even though they had little chance of success — certainly no chance of resettling in the United States , which , under the Patriot Act , had effectively declared all Karen from the contested highlands terrorists for providing “ material support ” to the “ terrorist ” KNU .
After class one day , one of the guys wanted to show me a word he saw all the time so I could explain its meaning : marginalized .
( He grasped the concept pretty quickly . )
He also wanted to know what the thing used to bind people ’s feet together was called .
I told him I did n’t think we had a word for that in English .
( I was wrong .
Though archaic in noun form , the word exists : “ fetters . ” )
When Htoo Moo asked me later for the word for systematically slicing open the skin on someone ’s forearm , I told him I did n’t think we had a word for that , either .
Another day , I sat outside holding an impromptu pronunciation lesson on some of the words in an HRD ’s report .
“ Repeat after me , ” I was saying .
“ Rape . ”
“ Rop . ”
“ Try again . Rrraaape . ”
Another day , a Burma Action staffer I ’ll call Lah Lah Htoo asked if I wanted to see a video .
He loaded a DVD of some footage taken in eastern Burma by aid workers , mostly Karen , some of whom are also medics , called the Free Burma Rangers .
( See “ Operation Rescue ” . )
It starts with war footage , guys shooting guns in tall jungle bush , and loud rocket fire , and a village burning down and screaming women running for their lives , before moving briefly to photo stills : a picture of villagers standing over a group of dead bodies , a picture of a dead woman with her shirt torn open , a picture of murdered children lined up in a row .
Then the camera centers on the face of a 17 - year - old boy with lifeless , unfocused eyes , a longyi ( sarong ) held up below his neck so he ca n’t see his completely exposed lower leg bone , a bloody white stick still hung with a few slick and glistening black - purple sinews , protruding from a bloody knee — a land - mine wound swarmed by flies .
Then he ’s in a thin hammock , with a man in cheap plastic flip - flops at each end of the bamboo pole from which it swings , and another walking alongside holding an IV drip dangling from another piece of wood , being carried through the mountainous terrain .
For four days .
Which is how long it takes the Ranger team to get him to a clinic on the border , where a proper amputation can be done .
By that point I ’d twisted my face into a permanent wince , and it did n’t get any easier to watch .
A husband and wife sit next to each other while he explains that their two sons and daughter were taken by Burma army troops .
Local Karen leaders negotiated the return of the two boys , but they have n’t seen the girl since .
“ We want her back , ” the woman says , smiling sadly , before dropping her face to her knees , covering it with her pink sweater , and starting to sob .
There are people getting ready to run from an attack , little girls running around talking fast directions to each other while they throw shit in baskets and sacks they strap to their foreheads .
A man on his back breathing fast and shallow as Free Burma Ranger medics jab their fingers and instruments into the bloody stump below his knee .
Skulls and bones on the ground and a Ranger telling how he brought a bunch of children ’s presents donated by kids overseas only to find that there are no children in this village anymore .
Rangers tearing out infected teeth with pliers .
Rangers cleaning the gory , festering wound on a little kid ’s leg as the child stands still , calm , pantsless .
Rangers delivering a baby in the darkness by the green glow of the camera ’s night mode , on the jungle floor .
A shot of a Burma army compound , the camera zooming in shakily on the faces of the boys with rifles , the hiding cameramen whispering breathlessly to each other .
A man rocking the tiniest sleeping baby ; his wife died in childbirth during their flight through the jungle .
He worries he has no idea how to take care of this child without her .
Tears streaming hard and quiet down the face of a woman mindlessly fingering her jacket zipper with one hand , standing among the ashes of her old village , in which her husband was killed .
A toddler barely old enough to stand picking his way through the jungle as his village flees , carefully parting the brush with his chubby little fingers and stepping through with his bare , scratched legs and feet .
A Ranger team leaves a group of internally displaced persons and the IDPs call out please do n’t leave us , please come back .
A man keeps hiding his face contorted with sorrow as he sobs convulsively , “ I do n’t understand why they killed my children .
They did n’t even know their right hand from their left hand , ” while the woman next to him weeps silently and gnashes her teeth .
The video ends with a quote from Galatians on the screen :
Let us not grow weary while doing good .
In due season we shall reap if we do n’t lose heart .
“ What do you think ? ” Lah Lah
Htoo asked me when it ended .
I thought I might like to close myself in the bathroom so I could punch myself in the chest , just a little , to try to release some of the tightness and weight there .
“ Good video ? ” he asked , because I was taking so long to answer .
“ Yeah , it ’s a good video . ”
He nodded and waited politely for me to continue , but I just sat quietly , awkwardly , before simply nodding back at him .
Eventually , I asked him what they did with the videos they made .
“ We send them .
To human rights organizations , UN , news . ”
“ Do they ever use them ? ”
Lah Lah Htoo shrugged .
MAKE NO MISTAKE : Though most Americans are woefully uninformed about the shit going down in Burma , your federal lawmakers are on it .
In 1997 , President Bill Clinton barred new US investment in the country .
In 2003 , Congress introduced the Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act , which banned any Burmese imports , opposed loans to the regime , froze any of its US assets , and denied its leaders entry visas .
In 2005 , Condoleezza Rice awarded Burma a special designation as an “ outpost of tyranny . ”
Bush 43 gave it shout - outs in several State of the Union addresses .
( “ We will continue to speak out for the cause of freedom in places like Cuba , Belarus , and Burma . ” )
There ’s a US Senate Women ’s Caucus on Burma , and Obama just extended sanctions again and said this at his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance : “ When there is genocide in Darfur , systematic rape in Congo , repression in Burma — there must be consequences …
And the closer we stand together , the less likely we will be faced with the choice between armed intervention and complicity in oppression . ”
Also blacklisting Burma : Australia , which wo n’t sell the regime weapons and has financial sanctions against 463 members of the junta .
And the EU has stripped Burma of trading privileges and put an arms embargo in place .
The trouble is n’t so much a lack of measures as their total ineffectiveness .
Though US investors have had to pull their money out of , say , the garment industry , they can still deal in Burma ’s oil and gas , which is where the junta ’s big money comes from .
When Congress passed that 1997 law restricting new investment , Unocal got its gas fields grandfathered in .
After Chevron absorbed Unocal in 2005 , its lobbyists worked tirelessly to ensure that no sanctions would force it to divest .
It appeared as though the 2008 Block Burmese JADE ( Junta ’s Anti-Democratic Efforts )
Act would finally force Chevron to give up its Burmese holdings , until the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , chaired by Joe Biden ( whose former chief of staff was one Alan Hoffman , once a Unocal lobbyist ) , stripped out the provision and replaced it with a suggestion that the company “ consider voluntary divestment over time . ”
Reporting for this story was supported by the Investigative Fund at the Nation Institute and the Fund for Investigative Journalism .
Okay , but if we only fashioned better — and better - targeted — sanctions , advocates say , Burma ’s economy would collapse and the government might just get packing .
But whether or not you believe that sanctions were the straw that broke South Africa ’s back , you cannot believe that they would have worked in that country if half the world ’s governments had said , “ We ’re not going to give you money for your stuff anymore ” while the other half had said , “ Awesome .
More for us . ”
Operation Rescue One American ’s mission to treat Burma ’s displaced “ MORDOR IS THE SPDC [ Burmese government ] , and guys like us are hobbits , ” Tha U Wa A Pa says by way of explaining why he built a training base for medics in a land - mine - infested war zone in Burma , where he lives with his wife and three children .
Tha U Wa A Pa and his Free Burma Rangers document the atrocities of the Burmese army and provide medical and tactical help to those fleeing from it .
It ’s a quest requiring almost inconceivable bravery and , in Tha U Wa A Pa ’s case , a conviction that God has chosen him for this task .
Though he uses a Karen nom de guerre ( meaning “ Father of the White Monkey ” — a.k.a. his daughter ) , he ’s the son of prominent American missionaries in Thailand , an alum of Texas A&M ( BA , poli-sci ) and a former US Army Ranger .
After graduating from Fuller Seminary in Pasadena , Tha U Wa A Pa became a missionary in Thailand himself .
Which is where he was in 1997 , when a major SPDC offensive sent a flood of Karen refugees across the border .
Tha U Wa A Pa loaded up a backpack full of supplies and , together with a KNU soldier he met along the way , rushed into Burma as if it were a house on fire .
The two men treated as many wounded as they could , carrying a guy who ’d stepped on a land mine to a hospital to have his leg amputated .
Over the next three weeks , they ferried supplies and patients back and forth over the border .
Since then , the Rangers have trained more than 110 roving teams who provide medical assistance to ( and document the plight of ) the more than half a million internally displaced persons in the eastern Burmese jungle .
Rangers have treated some 400,000 people for malaria , AIDS , dysentery , diarrhea , malnutrition , worms , anemia , skin disease , and infections .
They pull teeth and deliver babies .
Six have lost their lives on the job .
As the junta ’s violence escalates , so do their efforts ; the Rangers ’ budget is up to $ 1.3 million a year , all donations , mostly from churches and their parishioners .
“ We ’re just little guys trying to do some good , ” Tha U Wa A Pa says .
“ On the surface it seems like Mordor has all the strength and power and might .
But if our fellowship of hobbits stays united , good will defeat evil in the end . ”
That ’s the reality in Burma , where China is building an oil pipeline so as to avoid the long trip around the Strait of Malacca .
Thailand has the rights to 1.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in one concession alone .
One Indian firm has signed up for 5 trillion cubic feet .
Russia has several firms drilling .
A single pipeline operated by France , Thailand , and , yes , Chevron earned the junta more than $ 1 billion in 2008 .
The South Korean company Daewoo International plans to earn more than $ 10 billion over 25 years from its drilling project in Burma ’s immense Shwe gas reserve ; handling Daewoo ’s exploratory Burma drilling was the American firm Transocean .
As a member of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , Burma is included in a free - trade agreement with India that eliminates tariffs on thousands of products ; India plans to invest billions of dollars in two Burmese hydroelectric dams .
The EU is discussing a free - trade agreement with ASEAN nations as well , although the UK swears it wo n’t make a deal that would benefit Burma — it ’s worth noting the UK already has oil and gas dealings there .
In 2008 Burma saw a 165 percent increase in the number of Chinese multinational companies involved in Burmese mining , oil and gas , and hydropower development .
The regime ran a $ 2.5 billion trade surplus in 2009 , with $ 5 billion in currency reserves .
The United States can better target its sanctions all it wants , but already they ’ve pushed tens of thousands of Burmese textile workers out of factory jobs — and , as even the State Department has admitted , into sex work .
And as Chevron has pointed out , if we pull out our remaining investments , someone else — perhaps someone less conscientious — will gladly fill the gap .
The international community can’t even agree to stop giving the regime weapons .
Even if it could get China to play ball on that front , not so much North Korea .
As long as there ’s money to be made in Burma , a cohesive or constructive policy of international financial disengagement — from an energy - rich country neighbored by the world ’s two most populous , energy - desperate countries — is never going to happen .
You know a situation is dire when its best chance of a good outcome depends on action by the United Nations Security Council .
At the 2005 UN World Summit , member nations resolved that if a government perpetuates or allows any of four “ atrocity crimes ” — war crimes , ethnic cleansing , crimes against humanity , or genocide — the world body is responsible for taking “ timely and decisive ” action to protect that nation ’s people .
When in 2007 a draft resolution on Burma was brought before the Security Council , some activists felt that there was a strong case for it to include charges of genocide against the Karen .
The UN 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide defines “ genocide ” as an attempt “ to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group ” with at least one of five methods .
One of them the SPDC is n’t guilty of : “ Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . ”
But “ killing members of the group ” ?
Check .
“ Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ” ?
Check .
“ Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ” ?
Clearly .
“ Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ” ?
If you count gang - raping and murdering pregnant women , yes .
Since the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , systematic rape has been recognized as a key feature of genocide .
In Burma , it ’s systematic , institutionalized , and indoctrinated into soldiers , who are explicitly ordered , “ Your blood must be left in the village . ”
But not one government has officially leveled the charge at Burma , and some academics and even activists argue that these genocidal actions are n’t genocide - like enough to count .
We ca n’t just be throwing the word around to describe any old horror .
Or as my father put it when I tried to impress upon him the seriousness of my BA housemates ’ situation , “ But how does it compare to Sudan ? ”
If Sudan is the bar against which we ’re measuring genocide , okay : Burma was alongside Sudan on the list of the world ’s worst displacement situations for four years running .
Sudan ’s mortality rate for children under five , a common measure of conflict epidemiology , is 109 per 1,000 live births .
In eastern Burma , it ’s 221 .
In the Darfur genocide , 400,000 civilians have been killed .
A junta chairman once estimated that the body count of Burma ’s civil war — the Karen are only one of seven major minorities that have been involved in dozens of armed insurgencies — ” would reach as high as millions . ”
It comes down to this : A draft resolution that compellingly charges genocide against a country is a draft resolution that ’s likely to get passed — because no one wants to be the nation that vetoes that .
But the 2007 Security Council draft resolution to declare Burma a threat to international peace and security did n’t contain charges of genocide .
Nor ethnic cleansing , nor crimes against humanity , nor war crimes .
China and Russia vetoed it .
SINCE I FIRST ARRIVED at Burma Action ’s Mae Sot offices , four years ago , some 50,000 Burmese refugees have left Thailand for UN - orchestrated resettlement in Western countries .
In 2007 , the United States waived its material support prohibition for refugees who ’d assisted the KNU , and the next year allowed in more than 14,000 refugees , including several BA staff members .
In America , they try to make rent with welfare or factory wages , and talk , weirdly , about struggling to survive .
I apologized to one , after he was moved to a suburb outside cold , gray Cleveland , for his crushing poverty and loneliness and the weather .
“ It ’s okay , ” he replied .
“ You can never find a good place to live in the world .
Only in heaven . ”
Though some of the documentary activists have emigrated , their footage and reports gather dust in Thailand , awaiting , the human rights community hopes , the day when they might be used at a trial of the junta or in a truth and reconciliation process .
Some Burma Action footage made it out and into the opener for Rambo part four , whose producers paid — after some hard haggling — about two grand for it .
Lah Lah
Htoo is one of those activists who ’s stayed behind .
At a going - away party my last weekend , he sat with a guitar in his lap .
On a previous night he ’d played a hard - twanging , pentatonic melody on a stringed Karen instrument while he sang , in flowing minor notes , a traditional song about a river , so haunting that I had nearly drunkenly wept .
But now the guitar he held was idle , and he tipped his head back and looked at me through half - closed eyes .
“ Do you think that we will see each other again ? ” he asked , one arm dangling over the body of the guitar .
“ Of course we ’ll see each other again , ” I said .
I looked at Htan Dah .
“ I ’ll come back to Thailand soon . ”
“ When ? ” several voices asked .
“ Probably next summer .
I have to figure it out with work , and money . ”
“ So , ” one of the guys said , “ we will see each other again maybe next year . ”
“ I hope , ” I said .
“ Hopefully next year . ”
“ When we see each other again , ” Lah Lah Htoo said , “ it will be in Burma . ”
The other guys cheered .
“ When we see each other again , you will come to Burma .
And you will not need a visa to enter .
And I will pick you up at the airport . ”
His face was barely wide enough for his smile , and he was hollering a bit , over the approving shouts of the other guys .
“ In a car .
In my car ! ” Lah Lah Htoo had left his village when he was a teenager , when he ’d run away with the rest of his family and neighbors , and had n’t been back since .
A silence settled over his coworkers in the wake of his fantastic predictions , and they all smiled softly and looked off or at the floor or at the wall as they considered cars and airports , and I thought about doomed POWs in movies who know their fate is sealed but talk anyway about how they ’re going to eat a big cheeseburger when they get back to America , and I kept quiet as long as the guys were quiet , bowing my head as if in reverence of something that had died .
Reporting for this story was supported by the Investigative Fund at the Nation Institute and the Fund for Investigative Journalism .
Mac McClelland is a reporter at Mother Jones .
For more of her stories , click here .
Follow her on Twitter here .
Better late than never as they say finally got over a bad cold that took down both me and my wife …
I know exactly where I got it too so to the guy in the office who was coughing and sneezing all over the place the week or so before Christmas – thank you very … Read More
No matter how the Great Toyota Recall and Jim Sikes saga ends , two things are certain : one , American drivers are sheep , and two , yes , this will happen again .
Advertisement
So : Jim Sikes perpetrated a hoax , the media is confused , the demonization of Toyota is no longer so cut and dried , and the automobile as we know it is caught in the crossfire .
Faced with all this , we have but one question :
Why did no one see it coming ?
Advertisement
Unintended acceleration is nothing new .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration receives countless complaints on the subject every year , and no make of car or driver demographic is left unscathed .
The volume and frequency of these complaints seem to ebb and flow with the cultural tide .
Media coverage , statistical ignorance , and opportunism appear to have more to do with the recurrence of reported UA than anything else .
And the patterns — Brian Ross and ABC reviving the 60 Minutes Audi hoax , a hefty swing in UA complaint sources toward older drivers ( see our chart ) — seem to have more to do with mass psychology and opportunism than technical problems .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Still , it 's not all the media 's fault .
We are a nation that knows less and less about the cars that we drive , we spend more time on the road indulging our selfish whims , and we have allowed — nay , begged — Beige Bites Back to happen .
Consider the following :
In 1988 , NHTSA concluded that the majority of the documented Audi acceleration incidents were caused by driver error .
Shift interlock devices were developed to prevent accidental forward motion , and UA claims dropped off sharply in the years that followed .
Did the about - face — 60 Minutes was wrong !
Audi does n't have it in for us ! — change the country 's relationship with the automobile ?
No .
We moved on , we forgot , and we dug our own graves .
Advertisement
Those who do not learn from history , as the saying goes , are doomed to repeat it .
And if the Toyota unintended acceleration incident is n't repeated history — or at least repeated knee - jerk paranoia — then I do n't know what is .
The problem lies partly with feature bloat , and with our unwillingness to stop it .
In the pursuit of a safer , more comfortable , and more effortless driving experience , we have added staggering complexity to a machine that was complex from the get - go .
We piss and moan as cars grow heavier and more elaborate — even the fuel - conscious lobbies take issue with this , as it runs contrary to efficiency — but few of us vote with our wallets .
The American dream dictates that our desires are nothing if not attainable , and we have been trained to never turn down a larger portion .
Advertisement
On a certain level , the tradeoff is understandable .
Who in Anytown , USA would give up a quieter ride and the coddling comfort of a rolling living room for a semblance of awareness - promoting steering feel or driver involvement ?
Which is easier to sell : a machine that exudes sensible restraint , or a car aimed at catering to your every whim ?
In other words , in a world where money is the only thing that separates you from work , why should one of the richest nations on the planet bother with the effort of driving its own cars ?
Advertisement
At the same time — and though this is a tired refrain , it remains relevant — we are becoming a nation of dullards .
We lack the training to drive even our dumbed - down , increasingly nannified vehicles .
Less than ten percent of Americans know how to operate a manual transmission , and while you could argue that such a statistic is merely a sign of changing times ( who among us knows how to ride a horse or drive a car with manual spark advance ? ) , it 's indicative of a larger issue .
States continue to cut back on driver education in schools , citing statistics that point to the decreasing relevance of behind - the - wheel training .
( Do we revamp the training to make it worth a damn ?
No .
Of course not .
We cut it altogether . )
What happened to shop class ?
How many schools have project cars ?
You could argue that these concerns are moot in the No User - Serviceable Parts Inside era , but that ignores the countless teenagers building homespun fuel - injection systems or Linux - powered vehicle brains in their parents ' garages .
Advertisement
At heart , we are a short - sighted culture .
When times are good , we kid ourselves into believing that companies like Toyota are looking out for the common good —
How could they not ?
Their cars are reliable and efficient !
Prius ads have trees in them ! — rather than simply reading the needs of a market better than anyone else .
When times are bad , we point fingers at a million culprits and cry out for blood .
We have a fear of perspective and careful analysis , and we fool ourselves into thinking that there is such a thing as an electronically managed free ride .
In retrospect , our constant need for cultural grist has not helped us .
We are media enablers ; we eat up congressional feeds on CNBC and snap analysis from uninformed TV pundits .
Yes , Toyota has initiated a couple of recalls , but does that explain the increased reports of unintended acceleration since the announcement ?
No .
Advertisement
Sheep .
We want the beige so we can zone out or text or read the newspaper or listen to talk radio in our cocoon - like cars .
We want to make it home in time to watch our corporate - owned cable news and eat our corn syrup - infused food and watch our mindless reality TV and get up to do it again tomorrow morning .
We are the problem .
Beige bites back ?
Ha .
Unless we do something to stop it , it 's going to get a whole lot worse .
Advertisement
Photo Credits : Getty Images ( Toyota Dealers ) , StarkSilverCreek ( Fake Audi Tweets )
Pope Innocent III , born Lotario de Conti ( ca. 1161 - June 16 , 1216 ) , was Pope from January 8 , 1198 until his death .
He was the son of Count Trasimund of Segni and nephew of Pope Clement III , born at Anagni , Italy .
His father was a member of the famous house of Conti , from which nine popes , including Gregory IX , Alexander IV and Innocent XIII have sprung ; his mother , Claricia , belonged to the noble Roman family of Scotti .
He was educated in Rome , Paris ( under Peter of Corbeil ) , and Bologna ( under Huguccio ) , he was considered an intellectual and one of the greatest canon lawyers of his time .
After the death of Pope Alexander III he returned to Rome and held offices during the short reigns of Lucius III , Urban III , Gregory VIII , and Clement III , reaching the rank of Cardinal - Deacon in 1190 .
During the reign of Pope Celestine III ( 1191 - 1198 ) , a member of the House of Orsini , enemies of the counts of Segni , he left Rome to live in Anagni .
Celestine III died in 1198 from complications of syphilis .
On the day he was buried Lotario de Conti was elected pope and took the name of Innocent III .
The imperial throne had become vacant by the death of Henry VI in 1197 , and no successor had as yet been located .
Innocent took advantage of this vacuum to lessen Germany influence in Italy - his first act was the restoration of the papal power in Rome .
The Prefect of Rome , who reigned over the city as the emperor 's representative swore allegiance to Innocent .
He demanded the restoration of the Romagna and the March of Ancona to the Church from Mark of Anweiler , and used papal troops to bring this about .
In a similar way the Duchies of Spoleto , Assisi and Sora were taken from the German , Conrad von Uerslingen .
The pope made use of the weakness of Frederick II ( who was four ) to reassert papal power in Sicily , and acknowledged Frederick II as king only after the surrender of the privileges of the Four Chapters , which William I of Sicily had previously extorted from Pope Adrian IV .
The pope then invested Frederick II as King of Sicily in November , 1198 .
He also induced the young king to marry the widow of King Emeric of Hungary in 1209 .
After the death of the Holy Roman emperor Henry VI in 1197 the Ghibellines and the Guelfs had elected different emperors - Philip of Swabia and Otto of Wittelsbach .
In 1201 the pope openly supported Otto IV , announcing that Otto had been approved as Roman king and threatened with excommunication all those who refused to acknowledge him .
Innocent III made clear to the German princes by the Decree Venerabilem in May , 1202 , how he considered the relationship between the empire and the Papacy .
This decree was afterwards embodied in the Corpus Juris Canonici .
The chief points of the decree were :
The right to decide whether a king is worthy of the imperial crown belongs to the pope ;
In case of a double election they must ask the pope to arbitrate or announce in favour of one of the claimants .
Innocent changed his mind and declared in favour of Philip in 1207 , and sent cardinals to Germany to induce Otto to renounce his claims to the throne .
Otto murdered Philip on 21 June , 1208 and at the Diet of Frankfurt , 11 November , 1208 , Otto was acknowledged as king and the pope invited him to Rome to receive the imperial crown .
He was crowned emperor in Rome , 4 October , 1209 .
Before his coronation Otto promised to leave the Church in possession of Spoleto and Ancona and to grant the freedom of ecclesiastical elections ; unlimited right of appeal to the pope and the exclusive competency of the hierarchy in spiritual matters ; he also promised to assist in the destruction of heresy ( the stipulation of Neuss , repeated at Speyer , 1209 ) .
But soon after he had been crowned Otto seized Ancona , Spoleto and other property of the Church , giving it to some of his vassals .
He also invaded the Kingdom of Sicily .
Otto was excommunicated on 18 November , 1210 .
The pope managed to get most of the princes to renounce the excommunicated emperor and elect in his place Frederick II of Sicily , at the Diet of Nuremberg in September , 1211 .
Frederick made the same promises as Otto IV and his election was ratified by Innocent and he was crowned at Aachen on 12 July , 1215 .
Otto allied with England ( he was nephew of John ' Sansterre ' of England ) to fight Philip Augustus of France , but he was defeated in the Battle of Bouvines in Belgium , 27 July , 1214 .
Then he lost all influence ( and died on May 19 , 1218 ) , leaving Frederick II , the undisputed emperor .
Innocent played a further role in the politics of France , Sweden , Bulgaria , Spain and especially England .
Innocent was a strenuous opponent of heresy .
He had the Papal States cleared of the Manichean heretics .
And under the leadership of Simon de Montfort a campaign was started against the Albigenses .
The Church also took on the organisational role of the Crusades .
They were to be launched against heretics at the direction of the Pontiff and were to be used to impose the rule of the Church on the unbeliever .
This was a prelude to the legitimisation of the Inquisition in 1233 .
Heresy was to be punished for the spiritual good of the individual as well as for the preservation of the Church .
Innocent started the Fourth Crusade , which the Venetians re-directed into the sacking of Zara in 1202 and Constantinople in 1204 .
This was a great blow to the unity of the Church and played a role in the Great Schism .
Innocent excommunicated the Venetians in return .
He also summoned the Fourth Lateran Council ( 12th ecumenical council ) , in November , 1215 .
It decided on a general crusade to the Holy Land ( the Fifth Crusade ) , as well as issuing seventy reformatory decrees .
Innocent died at Perugia .
He was buried in the cathedral of Perugia where his body remained until Pope Leo XIII had it transferred to the Lateran in December , 1891 .
Congo won council presidency , but wo n't get 2nd District seat back
The hearing was largely a moot point , but a divided council took their shots as they neared the ends of their terms .
Senator John McCain recently expressed his desire to not work for his salary .
He said there will be no cooperation for the rest of the year from the Republican Party .
We demand they return their salaries to the American taxpayers .
They work for us .
They do not get paid to not work .
second release of efene .
project website : http://github.com/marianoguerra/efene
efene is a programming language that runs on the erlang virtual machine .
the idea is to provide an alternative syntax to erlang that is most
suitable for people coming from languages like Java , C , C++ , C# ,
Javascript .
the language is almost 100 % compatible with erlang ( and will be ) , the
compiler allows to translate an efene source file into a readable
erlang one or compile it directly to bytecode .
It also adds some
syntactic sugar in some places to make some tasks easier .
Changes
* commas and parenthesis made optional on almost all places .
* the parser is now less generic , avoid expressions that are
syntactically correct but that wo n’t compile or will be a runtime
error .
* guards added to case and receive expressions .
* support for the $ operator added , returns the integer value of a char .
* for and in are now keywords .
* now atoms can be written with ’ ( like ‘ Atom ’ ‘ @tom ’ ) .
* support to assign an argument that is pattern matched to a variable .
* support to pass a function expressing its [ module , ] name and arity
* parameters of record objects simplified , added constructor from record .
* non short circuit versions of ‘ and ’ and ‘ or ’ added .
* added the arrow operator ( see examples / arrow.fn ) .
* module and function can be a variable in calls and arrow expressions .
* fixed operator precedence on binary operations
for a reference see the language reference :
http://wiki.github.com/marianoguerra/efene/languagereference
Participate
a mailing list is available at librelist just send a mail to
efene@librelist.com to subscribe .
New features in 1.3.1 prerelease : Cursors
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , coding , app - engine , tech , prerelease
Recently , the App Engine team announced that they'd be pre-releasing SDKs for testing and feedback , before they go live in production .
With the first prerelease , 1.3.1 , a number of new features are included in the SDK .
Today we 'll discuss cursors - how they work , and what they 're useful for .
Cursors are a feature that many people have been waiting for with bated breath .
As well as making pagination easier , they also provide a way around the " 1000 result limit " that many people feel ( in some cases correctly ) makes it harder to achieve what they want to do on App Engine .
When it comes to investigating new features , there are two really useful tools :
An interactive console - such as that on http://localhost:8080/_ah/admin/ ,
http://shell.appspot.com/
or the remote_api console - and the source code .
Many people forget that as an Open Source project , the App Engine SDK code is all available - and easily browseable on code.google.com .
Our first stop is google / appengine / ext/db/__init__.py .
Of interest here is the cursor ( ) method , which starts on line 1600 .
As you can see , when called on a query that 's already been executed ( with . fetch ( ) , .get ( ) , etc ) , it constructs a datastore_pb .
Compiled Query object , fills in its fields with information from the query , and returns the encoded Protocol Buffer , wrapped in base64 for easy transport .
Let 's give it a try in our interactive shell :
>>> class TestModel( db. Model ) : pass >>> db.put ([ TestModel( ) for x in range ( 100 ) ] ) >>> q = TestModel.all( ) >>> [ x.key ( ) .id ( ) for x in q.fetch ( 5 ) ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] >>> q.cursor ( ) ' CxoRY3Vyc29yPTUmb2Zmc2V0PTUgAAxgAA=='
About what we expected , given the source .
How do we use it , though ?
The very next method after cursor ( ) is with_cursor ( ) , which , according to the docstring , will " set the start of this query to the given serialized cursor " .
Perfect !
Let 's give that a try , then :
>>> class TestModel( db. Model ) : pass >>> q = TestModel.all( ) >>> [ x.key ( ) .id ( ) for x in q.fetch ( 3 ) ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] >>> r = TestModel.all().with_cursor(q.cursor ( ) ) >>> [ x.key ( ) .id( ) for x in r.fetch ( 3 ) ] [ 4 , 5 , 6 ]
Easy !
This will work for any query at all , and makes it possible to pick up where you left off , simply by storing the cursor string , and using it in a subsequent query .
But what 's in these mysterious query strings ?
Well , we already know they 're constructed from datastore_pb .
Compiled Query protocol buffers .
Let 's write a function that 'll let us peek inside one :
import base64 from google.appengine.datastore import datastore_pb def cursor_to_ascii( cursor ) : pb = datastore_pb.CompiledQuery( base64.urlsafe_b64decode(cursor ) ) return pb.ToASCII ( )
Using it on our earlier cursor , we get :
PrimaryScan { start_key : " cursor=5&offset=5 " start_inclusive : false } keys_only : false
As you can see , the internals of a cursor store pretty much the same information you 'd store if you were doing pagination yourself - only , with the datastore doing it for you , everything is much easier , and likely more efficient to boot .
Finally , let 's try it on a slightly more complex query , one for TestModel.all ( ) .
filter ( " foo = " , bar " ) :
PrimaryScan { start_key : " shell\000TestModel\000foo\000\232bar\000\200 " start_inclusive : true } keys_only : false
Apart from the obvious difference , you 'll note this seems to be a different format to the first one .
That 's because the first one was generated by the dev_appserver , while this one was generated on shell .
appspot.com .
As you can see , they use slightly different notations - but then , that should n't matter , since you certainly should n't be relying on the internal format of these data structures for anything except informational purposes !
One caveat for early adopters :
A near perfect storm of different minor bugs make testing this in interactive consoles - remote_api , shell .
appspot.com and the dev_appserver console - more problematic than it should be .
And , of course , cursors , like all other prerelease features , are likely to only work on the dev appserver .
But then , that 's why it 's called a prerelease .
Disqus
There 's been a flood of information coming from Sony about the new PlayStation Move controller for the PS3 , but Sony 's technically inclined folks showed off some of the more technically capable members of GDC , getting down to the finer details .
Advertisement
PlayStation researcher Anton Mikhailov , platform research manager David Coombes and developer support engineer Kirk Bender ran through a handful of demos for GDC attendees , some fun , others a low level technical peek behind the curtain of PlayStation Move .
Some of the more interesting things Mikhailov and crew talked about were related to the motion controller 's level of precision .
Mikahilov said the PlayStation Eye is capable of tracking the Move 's movement to a precision of about one millimeter in the X and Y - planes .
He showed this onscreen , zoomed down to the pixel level .
On the Z - plane , Move 's depth perception level of precision is about a centimeter .
As he twisted the Move controller in front of the camera , Mikahilov noted that the PlayStation Eye was capable of detecting rotation to the degree level .
All this needs to be done within 10 feet of the PlayStation Eye , Move 's current range of detection .
Advertisement
He further illustrated the Move 's level of accuracy by mounting the controller on a tripod , eliminating the jitter we were seeing during on simple tech demo , which was actually coming from Mikhailov 's hand .
Some of the Move 's other neat technical tricks came in the form of combining face tracking with glowing orb tracking , the ability to detect facial features like glasses and a very rough estimate of a user 's age .
The most potentially interesting uses of Move 's capabilities came in some very smooth , very accurate looking painting programs , the kind of thing that would be great for a graffiti themed video game .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But putting the Move controller 's level of precision in terms most of the room could understand , Mikhailov said that they 've been able to use the PlayStation 3 add - on as a device to control the PC version of StarCraft .
While the company already has Move support working in the equally precision demanding SOCOM 4 : U.S. Navy SEALs , if it works well as a mouse replacement , it might be worth picking one up .
The US had wanted Brazil to support UN sanctions against Iran Brazil will not bow to pressure from the US to support further sanctions against Iran over its nuclear work , the country 's foreign minister has said .
Celso Amorim told US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton that Brazil wanted to see further negotiations on the issue before it would support sanctions .
Mrs Clinton said that sanctions had to be passed first in order to persuade Iran to " negotiate in good faith " .
The US fears Iran is developing nuclear weapons , a charge Tehran denies .
At a news conference with Mrs Clinton in the Brazilian capital , Brasilia , Mr Amorim said : " We will not simply bow down to an evolving consensus if we do not agree .
" We have to think by ourselves and with our values and principles , " he said .
' Door open ' Washington wants Brazil , which enjoys good ties with Iran , to support its push for a fourth round of UN sanctions against Tehran over its refusal to stop enriching uranium - a possible step to building atomic weapons .
Tehran says the uranium is being enriched to provide fuel for nuclear power reactors it envisages building .
Brazil is currently a member of the UN Security Council .
" I think it 's only after we pass sanctions in the Security Council that Iran will negotiate in good faith , " Mrs Clinton said .
" The door is open for negotiations .
We never slammed it shut , " she said .
" But we do n't see anybody , even in the far - off distance , walking toward it . "
Even before talks with Mrs Clinton began , Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva repeated his stance that isolating Iran 's leaders is counter - productive .
" It is not prudent to push Iran against a wall .
The prudent thing is to establish negotiations , " he said .
" I want for Iran the same thing as I wish for Brazil :
To use the development of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes .
If Iran is in agreement with that , Iran will have Brazil 's support . "
President Lula said he did not want Iran to develop nuclear weapons and would raise the issue in a visit to Tehran in May .
Mrs Clinton is visiting South America at a time when there is a sense in the region that President Barack Obama 's administration , distracted by so many other issues , has not lived up to expectations , says the BBC's Gary Duffy in Sao Paulo .
The US state department has said if Brazil uses its relationship with Iran to press the country to fulfil its international obligations then that would be an important step , but if it did not do that , Washington would be " disappointed " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two - thousand - five - hundred years ago in northern India , Prince Siddhartha left his palace where he had spent twenty - nine years indulging in pleasures .
He was determined to comprehend the nature of human suffering .
After a grueling spiritual quest that lasted six years , he at last attained enlightenment meditating under a fig tree .
He became the Buddha , the “ awakened one , ” and devoted the rest of his life to teaching the way to enlightenment that he himself had found , giving birth to one of the world ’s great religions .
Beginning on Wednesday , April 7 , 2010 , PBS brings to life Siddhartha and his journey in THE BUDDHA , a two - hour documentary directed by award - winning filmmaker David Grubin .
“ Buddhism is growing more and more popular in America , ” said David Grubin .
“ But the Buddha himself remains a mysterious , exotic figure , the founder of a religion in a different key .
The Buddha never claimed to be God , or his emissary on earth .
He said only that in a world of unavoidable pain and suffering , he had found a serenity which others could find too .
In our own bewildering times of violent change and spiritual confusion , the Buddha ’s teachings have particular relevance . ”
The film , narrated by actor Richard Gere , is undertaken in conjunction with Asia Society Museum , which has organized an exhibition entitled Pilgrimage and Buddhist Art , the first - ever exhibition examining artistic production inspired by sacred sites and the practice of Buddhist pilgrimage in Asia .
Grubin , who directed the critically acclaimed series of films on American presidents including “ LBJ , ” “ FDR ” and “ Truman ” as well as other award - winning series such as THE JEWISH AMERICANS , THE SECRET LIFE OF THE BRAIN and NAPOLEON , tells the story of the Buddha through ancient artwork that depicts the various stages of Siddhartha ’s journey , contemporary animation that vividly portrays the legends surrounding the Buddha and contemporary footage of northern India , where many of the religious rituals from the Buddha ’s time are still practiced today .
Experts on the Buddha , representing a variety of disciplines , relate the key episodes of the Buddha ’s life and reflect on what his journey means for us today .
They include His Holiness the Dalai Lama ; poets Jane Hirshfield and W.S. Merwin ; scholars Robert Thurman , Kevin Trainor and Dr. Max Moerman ; astrophysicist Trinh Xuan Thuan ; and psychiatrist Mark Epstein , as well as practicing Buddhist monastics .
“ By continuing our exploration of the world ’s religions , we are delighted to participate in broadening people ’s understanding of Buddhism today with David Grubin ’s moving portrait of the life of the Buddha , ” said John F. Wilson , PBS senior vice president and chief TV programming executive .
“ This film exposes not just the man , but also his rich teachings , which we hope will spark a larger conversation about religion and spirituality . ”
Last week , we got our first glimpse of the gray / silver HTC Desire that ’s heading to BelCompany in the Netherlands .
This morning we woke up to find a link to a video that shows off an all black version of the Desire courtesy of AndroidSuomi.fi
Right now , we do n’t have any details to do with the video , though it looks like HTC will be rolling out several different colors of the HTC Desire as the phone is released on multiple carriers across Europe .
Maybe HTC should simply make the Desire a little more like the HTC Tattoo .
Customers could choose between a rainbow of available colors and then go a step further and add their own customizations , names , pictures , or logos .
I ’m waiting for an all white HTC Desire with Silver accents .
How about you ?
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare has led to legal warfare at Activision .
Jason West and Vince Zampella , the former heads of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare development studio Infinity Ward , who were fired on Monday , have filed a lawsuit against publisher Activision Blizzard Inc. alleging wrongful termination and breach of contract .
The complaint , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Wednesday , alleges that Santa Monica - based Activision fired the the duo in order to avoid paying them royalties on military shooter Modern Warfare 2 , which was released in November and has generated more than $ 1 billion in retail sales .
" Activision has refused to honor the terms of its agreements with Mssrs .
West and Zampella and is intentionally flouting the public policy of this State that employers must pay their employees what they have rightfully earned , " the complaint states .
" Instead , Activision has adopted the corporate strategy of forcing Mssrs .
West and Zampella to sue for their pay -- in the hopes of either getting away with not having to pay them anything or maximizing its leverage to reduce that pay . "
Spokespeople for Santa Monica - based Activision did not respond to requests for comment .
According to the complaint , after Activision acquired Infinity Ward for a total of $ 5 million in 2003 , it signed three - year employment agreements with West and Zampella , co-founders of the Encino - based studio who most recently served as president and chief executive , respectively .
In 2008 , after the release of Infinity Ward 's Call of Duty : Modern Warfare , the fourth game in the series and a huge hit that has sold more than 13 million units , West and Zampella signed a contract extension through 2011 .
The complaint says that the extension includes additional royalties and other payments , as well as the right to operate Infinity Ward independently and to have creative control over any Modern Warfare sequels or other Call of Duty games set after the Vietnam War .
( Update , 11:20 a.m. : A previous version of this post incorrectly said the contract extension was signed in 2007 . )
Previous Call of Duty games without the " Modern Warfare " subtitle have been set in World War II .
A sequel set for release this November being released by another Activision - owned studio , Treyarch , is said by people close to the company to be set in the Vietnam War .
The complaint states that Activision launched an investigation of West and Zampella on Feb. 3 for alleged " breaches of contract " and " violations of Activision policies . "
The two were then fired on Monday .
The complaint states that the " notice of discharge " contained " charges that were disproved in the investigation ; included events that West and Zampella were never even asked about during the investigation ; identified conduct that other Activision executives engaged in with impunity ; and cited ' insubordination ' and alleged conduct from over a year ago . "
In its annual report filed Monday , Activision said it was " concluding an internal human resources inquiry into breaches of contract and insubordination by two senior employees at Infinity Ward . "
The lawsuit asks the court to rule that West and Zampella have creative control over all Modern Warfare games and that Activision may not release any Call of Duty games set after the Vietnam War without their approval and that the publisher owes them unpaid royalties and damages in excess of $ 36 million .
[ Update , 11:57 a.m .
Activision has issued the following statement in response to the lawsuit :
Activision is disappointed that Mr. Zampella and Mr. West have chosen to file a lawsuit , and believes their claims are meritless .
Over eight years , Activision shareholders provided these executives with the capital they needed to start Infinity Ward , as well as the financial support , resources and creative independence that helped them flourish and achieve enormous professional success and personal wealth .
In return , Activision legitimately expected them to honor their obligations to Activision , just like any other executives who hold positions of trust in the company .
While the company showed enormous patience , it firmly believes that its decision was justified based on their course of conduct and actions .
Activision remains committed to the Call of Duty franchise , which it owns , and will continue to produce exciting and innovative games for its millions of fans . ]
-- Ben Fritz
Photo : A scene from Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 . Credit : Activision .
These are dark times for the Blue Jackets .
At this point they have lost 20 of 23 games , the offense has all but dried up , and there is talk of firing coach Ken Hitchcock .
Traditionally when the Jackets have hit the point in the season when the playoffs were virtually unattainable , I hung in there , not giving up hope .
Maybe I was naive .
Maybe just a hardcore fan who was blind to the team 's free fall down the Western Conference standings .
At any rate , last season when the Jackets clinched their first playoff spot in team history , I was ecstatic .
I , like most fans of the Blue Jackets , felt a sense of pride , like watching a child grow before my eyes .
Given that emotional high from last year , there were huge expectations going into this season .
The team is young , and last year 's short stay in the playoffs was supposed to be a valuable learning experience .
Instead of buliding off of last season , the team has regressed .
That brings me to my new line of thinking .
Gone is the naive , hardcore fan with blinders on .
I am now a pure realist .
This team in it 's current configuration is n't going to make the playoffs this year .
Last season was nothing more than a tease , a drop of water to a dehydrated man wandering through the desert .
Ok , maybe that was a little dramatic but the fact remains - it 's only January , and barring a massive turn - around where the Jackets play at an almost 3:1 win:loss ratio , they are going to miss the post - season .
I 've been reading posts on message boards , comments on Dispatch articles , and scanning through multiple articles on the internet from varied sources .
The consensus that I gather is that most fans want Ken Hitchcock to be fired .
Let the record show that I do not think that is the right course of action .
Granted , it 's easier to remove one man from the organization than 23 , so usually canning the coach is the easiest and quickest course of action to get a team that has de-railed back on the track .
I feel the issue does n't have anything to Hitchcock whatsoever .
The issue to me is simple - the team is young .
The youngest team in the league , in fact .
The issues that arise with young teams are the same issues that are plaguing the Jackets this year - inconsistency , lack of attention to detail , and defensive play that is n't at the level it should be .
All of these things are difficult to coach .
Hitch can prepare them , and make decisions during the games , but the issues I have laid out are all up to the players to fix .
The worst thing that has happened to the Jackets this year was their strong start .
Rick Nash said it best :
" I think our early success was our Achilles ' .
We played free - wheeling and we had success , and we thought we could play that way all the time .
Teams started to sharpen up and we were n't getting the bounces we were getting , and it took us awhile to play solid defensively . "
The players thought they had it all figured out at the beginning of the year .
They formed bad habits , got lazy in the defensive zone , and this led to inconsistent play throughout the lineup .
An older team would n't have dug themselves in such a deep hole .
At the end of the day it is truly up to the players to right the ship , and as a collective group they are at fault if the team fails to make the playoffs , which at ths point is a strong possibility .
Heck , maybe in a couple of months , the Jackets could be playing out of their minds and we can look back at this post and laugh as they are gearing up for playoff hockey .
Maybe .
The diver tries to fend off the shark with the fabled ' punch him in the nose ' defence Photograph : Don Carpenter / National Pictures
Randy Pausch from Carnegie Mellon university , is one person the world will miss .
Professor Randy Pausch ( Oct. 23 , 1960 – July 25 , 2008 ) gave his last lecture at the university Sept. 18 , 2007 , before a packed McConomy Auditorium .
In his moving presentation , “ Really Achieving Your Childhood Dreams , ” Pausch talked about his lessons learned and gave advice to students on how to achieve their own career and personal goals .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Metaprogramming Ruby is not a book for programmers new to Ruby , but would make an excellent follow on book to either Programming Ruby by Dave Thomas , Chad Fowler , and Andy Hunt or The Ruby Way by Hal Fulton .
Both of the above books have chapters on or at least mention metaprogramming , but this is the first full length exposition of it .
The book itself is broken into two sections and four appendices .
In the first section , you ( the reader ) is paired with a more experienced programmer for a week , a chapter for each day , and as the week progresses you cover different topics in metaprogramming after being given tasks by your boss .
The second section has two chapters on the design and implementation of ActiveRecord from Rails as well as a chapter on safe metaprogramming .
Finally , there are three very useful appendices and a bibliography .
One other note is that the book has the concept of " spells " .
Each concept as it is discussed in the book will have a spell associated with it .
There will be a note in the sidebar with the name of the spell and the third appendix has the spells listed in alphabetical order , a short example of the spell , and a page number linking back to the extended discussion of the spell .
The first chapters are an informal introduction to metaprogramming where the reader , just starting a new job , is paired with Bill , an experienced developer , for a week .
Each day is a chapter and each chapter covers a specific topic .
The topics , as might be expected , increase in complexity as the week goes on .
This more informal style actually works quite well .
I had expected to be a bit irritated with the " schtick " , but it turns out that Perrotta does not use it to excess .
The topics covered here are Monday : The Object Model , Tuesday : Methods , Wednesday : Blocks , Thursday : Class Definitions , and Friday : Code That Writes Code .
Chapter 1 on Monday starts out with you meeting Bill , your experienced pair programmer , on a Monday morning and then goes straight into the Ruby object model .
It discusses reopening classes to add additional methods including predefined Ruby classes such as String .
It follows up with Monkey Patching ( opening an existing class and redefining an existing method ) and the pitfalls therein .
In Chapter 2 , methods are examined .
Perrotta goes over a problem with duplicated code and how to reduce this code by generating and calling code dynamically .
He then moves to showing the same example using method_missing ( ) , followed by adding a change to respond_to ?
to make sure the methods show up .
Wednesday 's topic in Chapter 3 covers blocks , lambdas , and procs all of which are really just " callable objects " .
The chapter starts with a review of blocks .
This is followed by a discussion of scopes and how to carry variables through scopes using blocks as closures .
Perratto shows how to use instance_eval ( ) to receive blocks and then use them to manipulate scopes .
Next , converting blocks into " callable objects " , lambdas and Procs , and then calling them later is covered .
Finally , there 's a short introduction to domain specific languages ( DSL ) using the the techniques from this chapter .
Chapter 4 or Thursday covers class definitions .
A discussion of self and the current class open the chapter .
There 's also a section on singleton methods and eigenclasses .
There are class instance variables , variables that belong to the class and not to a particular object .
Examples of class macros , such as attr_reader , attr_writer , and attr_accessor , and how to write them are shown .
Finally he covers around aliases where method names can be renamed and then redefined but the original is still available .
The final day of the week , Friday , Chapter 5 , goes deep into Ruby metaprogramming with code that writes code .
In this chapter , Perrotta shows how to implement an " attr_checked " attribute in a few different ways starting with a kernel method using eval and moving on to passing the validation attributes in a block .
Then this gets moved to a class macro ( from Chapter 4 ) , and finally moving on to using a module with hooks .
This last is a pattern that 's seen in many Ruby projects including Rails and two I 'm familiar with , Sequel and Ramaze .
The second section , Metaprogramming in Rails , consists of two chapters on ActiveRecord and a final chapter on metaprogramming safely .
In the first two chapters , Perrotta takes a tour throughActiveRecord , the Rails object relational mapper ( ORM ) and shows how ActiveRecord uses the tips and techniques from the previous chapters .
The final chapter on safe metaprogramming discusses how to test metaprogramming and working around and with to make sure that monkey patching does n't cause problems .
Finally , there are three appendices .
The first shows common Ruby idioms that are seen pretty much in all Ruby code .
They provide a good review , but I 'm not sure how useful they really are for the audience that this book is aimed at .
The second appendix is one DSLs .
This is also a nice to have , but there 's probably not enough to let you program a DSL if you do n't have additional help from somewhere .
The final appendix really is almost worth the price of the book .
It contains a list of metaprogramming " spells " .
Each of the spells contains a short programming example as well as the page number with the longer explanation .
This is incredibly useful when looking at code from any of the major frameworks ( some mentioned above ) and you do n't understand a piece of it .
Just by scanning through the spells you can often find a simple version of what you 're looking at and then read a longer explanation .
All in all , this is one of the better , more readable programming books that I 've read in a long while .
Perrotta keeps it to around 250 pages including the appendices and it's packed full of useful information .
As I noted above , this book is highly recommended as a second Ruby book .
The presentation of metaprogramming is both enjoyable and useful and the book itself is well written .
You can purchase Metaprogramming Ruby from amazon.com .
Slashdot welcomes readers ' book reviews -- to see your own review here , read the book review guidelines , then visit the submission page
Thus far , Google and Dish Network have continued their silence on the project , and no one knows when the service will become commercially available .
However , Google 's TV ad service has already been active for some time , and the Android OS has proved versatile across a range of platforms .
If Google can combine its search engine power and Android architecture with the program selection of Dish Network , the Google box might become the odds - on favorite to win the coming battle over television / Internet integration .
MUNICH —
The priest at the center of a German sexual - abuse scandal that has embroiled Pope Benedict XVI continued working with children for more than 30 years , even though a German court convicted him of molesting boys .
The priest , Peter Hullermann , who had previously been identified only by the first letter of his last name , was suspended from his duties only on Monday .
That was three days after the church acknowledged that the pope , then Archbishop Joseph Ratzinger , had responded to early accusations of molestation by allowing the priest to move to Munich for therapy in 1980 .
Hundreds of victims have come forward in recent months in Germany with accounts of sexual abuse from decades past .
But no case has captured the attention of the nation like that of Father Hullermann , not only because of the involvement of the future pope , but also because of the impunity that allowed a child molester to continue to work with altar boys and girls for decades after his conviction .
Benedict not only served as the archbishop of the diocese where the priest worked , but also later as the cardinal in charge of reviewing sexual abuse cases for the Vatican .
Yet until the Archdiocese of Munich and Freising announced that Father Hullermann had been suspended on Monday , he continued to serve in a series of Bavarian parishes .
TARPON SPRINGS , Fla .
( AP ) – Across the so - called Sunshine State , oranges and strawberries are freezing , icicles are hanging off palm fronds , and iguanas paralyzed by the cold are falling out of trees .
Temperatures have plunged as low as the 20s in recent days , forcing people used to wearing flip - flops year - round to put on earmuffs .
" I am a warm - weather boy .
There 's no way I 'm going out there , '' laughed Archie Adkins of Pensacola Beach as he pointed at bundled - up beachgoers .
And Floridians better bundle up : Flurries are forecast for the Panhandle on Thursday , and temperatures in the rest of the state are running at least 20 degrees below normal .
Scenes from around frozen Florida on Wednesday :
– ––
Every year on Jan. 6 , the Greek Orthodox Church celebrates Epiphany .
As part of the celebration in Tarpon Springs , a white cross is thrown into the Spring Bayou , and teenage boys dive in to retrieve it .
Finding the heavy wooden cross gives a teen a special blessing , which according to custom , will bring prosperity all year .
It was 38 degrees when the 66 teens dove in Wednesday .
The water was 50 degrees on the surface .
With some 20,000 people looking on , the boys swam in a frenzy .
Seventeen seconds later , 16 - year - old Dimitri Kalogiannis retrieved the cross .
Then came the hard part : getting out of the cold water into the colder air .
Dripping wet , Kalogiannis was hoisted onto the shoulders of his fellow teen divers .
They carried him two blocks to the Greek Orthodox Church .
Still clutching the white cross – and shivering – Kalogiannis stood at the church 's altar , barefoot and wet .
He grinned .
" When I was underwater , I saw a white glow .
It just glowed , '' he said .
" It was n't as cold as I thought it would be . ''
– ––
Julie and John Arnold 's 260 - acre orange grove in the central Florida town of Clermont was filled with large icicles dangling from trees .
And nearby canals were nearly a foot below average because of all the water the Arnolds and their neighbors have sprayed on crops to protect them .
They estimated about 10 percent of the Temple oranges on their land were lost , but that type of citrus is a small part of their total .
Their other oranges were almost entirely intact .
The couple has been working around - the - clock for nearly two days to save their crops .
Far colder weather has descended on their trees in the past , but the cold usually does n't last so long .
" I 've done a half - marathon before .
This is much more nerve - wracking , much more exhausting , " Julie said .
" This is the ultimate endurance race . ''
State officials in Tallahassee were optimistic that crop damage was minimal but cautioned that it was too early to tell for sure .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" That 's the $ 64,000 question , " said Terence McElroy , spokesman for the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services .
`` The preliminary indications are that there has not been any catastrophic damage . ''
State officials were still urging farmers to take every measure possible because the hard freeze in some areas was expected to last for most of the week .
Strawberry farmers also sprayed water on their crops for protection .
" There are precautions that can be taken , but in the final analysis , there 's only so much you can do , " McElroy said .
" Mother Nature will have the last say . ''
– ––
On Miami Beach , tourists wrapped in wool coats and hooded sweatshirts trolled the beach beneath a clear sky .
Some let the water wash over their feet , and a few brave souls even lay out in bikinis and swimming shorts .
Arnold De Haan , visiting from Amsterdam , wore a bathing suit and sunglasses as he rested on a lounge chair beneath a blue cabana that shielded him from the wind .
Next to him , his husband , Alex De Haan , put on suntan lotion .
A brisk wind blew , and temperatures hovered in the 50s .
" We 're not going to be negatively influenced by the weather , '' Arnold De Haan said .
" But next time , we 'll be better prepared and take some warm clothes . ''
Many tourists bought extra sweatshirts and used the clothes they had set aside for the trip back home instead of the shorts and swimming suits they packed .
Restaurant hostesses on Ocean Drive served warm drinks to customers in bulky coats sitting on outside patios .
Annie Parent rolled up her jeans and watched as her 3 - year - old daughter , Olivia , played in the surf , stepping into the cool water dressed in a diaper and pink hooded sweatshirt .
" We went to Florida because we live in Quebec City , and there it 's really cold , " Parent said .
" But here it 's cold too . ''
Nonetheless , her daughter wanted to enjoy the sand .
" Florida for us is beach , " Parent said .
" Even if it 's cold . ''
What types and format of COVID - 19 evidence is influencing your decision ?
Take this short survey so Cochrane can better meet your needs in the future .
Vince Cable has held unprecedented and detailed talks with the top official at the Treasury about the Liberal Democrats ' economic policies – and declared himself willing to serve as chancellor after the next election .
As Whitehall gears up for a possible hung parliament , Cable told the Observer that he had been questioned by Nicholas Macpherson , the Treasury 's permanent secretary , about what the Lib Dems ' demands would be in a coalition with Labour or the Tories .
Cable was unaware of such meetings having taken place with Lib Dem shadow chancellors before previous general elections .
The talks were a sign that the Treasury was " taking seriously " the prospect of his party playing a leading role in economic policy in what could be the first hung parliament since 1974 .
" He wanted to know what we attached priority to .
He wanted to know what we felt strongly about , " Cable said , adding that his ideas on tax and spending were well received .
He did n't say to me : ' Yes , minister , but you can't do that ' . "
Cable , whose credibility has grown throughout the economic crisis , made clear that , if he was to be offered the chancellorship in a hung parliament , he would jump at the chance .
He did not want to be " the most unpopular person in Britain " as public spending is slashed , he said , but added : " I would n't be in this business if I was n't willing to take the responsibility if it was to come my way . "
It comes as two more opinion polls point to a hung parliament .
An ICM survey for the News of the World puts the Tories six points ahead on 38 % , and research by YouGov for the Sunday Times suggested the party enjoyed a seven - point advantage .
David Cameron and his shadow cabinet have already held talks with senior Whitehall mandarins in preparation for a likely handover of power .
But talks with a third party take place only where there is a serious prospect of it holding the balance of power .
Downing Street and the Treasury said Alistair Darling would present a " budget for growth " on Wednesday , portraying Labour as the party to nurse the economy back to health , with investment in jobs and industry , and warning that the Conservatives would jeopardise that with premature spending cuts .
The chancellor has little room for manoeuvre in pre-election giveaways , but one idea being seriously considered is to delay a 3 p rise in petrol duty .
Darling will announce a £ 1bn green infrastructure fund to invest in low - carbon technology and extend job schemes to help unemployed young people into work .
While the deficit is expected to be as much as £ 10bn below the £ 178bn forecast in his December pre-budget report , the Treasury stresses the focus will be on the chancellor 's commitment to halve the deficit within four years .
" It 's a boring budget , " said a No 10 source .
" He may extend the odd payment here and there , but it is about stability and jobs . "
In his weekly podcast , Gordon Brown states today that the recovery remains " fragile and in its infancy " .
The prime minister says that Labour 's commitment to cut the deficit is " non-negotiable " , but stresses that investing in jobs and programmes for industry is a way to reduce it in the medium term .
" It means not taking away the extra support too soon , which risks setting back the recovery and tipping us back into recession …
If we allow unemployment to run riot , as happened in previous recessions , that will cost us more and add to the deficit , " he says .
Cable made clear he would have serious reservations about working with either Labour or the Conservatives .
" I 'm worried about both , " he said .
" If either of them came back , Gordon , given his history , will be in denial about difficult decisions , and the Tories are in danger of doing foolish , precipitate things that could make the situation a lot worse . "
Cable was noticeably more critical of the Conservatives ' response to the financial crisis , saying that they should score " nul points " for failing to grasp the seriousness of the situation .
" They have n't done anything to attract praise , because they completely and totally misunderstood the problems . "
By contrast , Labour had had a " purple passage " in the autumn of 2008 , when Brown led international efforts to recapitalise the banking sector after the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
The Conservatives sought to seize the initiative on reforming the bloated financial sector this weekend , promising to implement a US - style tax on banks if they win the general election , instead of waiting for an international consensus to emerge , as Labour has promised to do .
Cameron spelled out the measure in a speech about taking on the " vested interests " in society , comparing the battle to constrain the banks today with Margaret Thatcher 's attack on union powers in the 1980s .
Lord Myners , the City minister , said : " This ill - thought - out Tory briefing has all the hallmarks of a plan made up on the hoof . "
Looks like someone else out there thinks that non-removable batteries are seriously uncool .
Olive Telecommunications ' FrvrOn V - G2300 is a GSM phone with a 1.5 - inch color display and an FM radio -- small potatoes , right ?
That is , until you take into account the fact that it 's dual - powered : not only does it pack a rechargeable Li-ion battery , but should that run out you can get an additional hour 's worth of talk time from any standard AAA battery .
Indeed , this is a pretty sweet deal if you 're living / traveling in an area without consistent power .
Throw in a decent price point ( $ 37 ) and we 're guessing this would do pretty well in Madhya Pradesh .
Get a closer look for yourself after the break .
Yesterday , Republican Arizona Senate candidate J.D. Hayworth said that allowing gay marriage would mean that " I guess you could marry your horse . "
Tonight he was on Maddow and acted like a man who would say this .
The first part of the interview was mainly Maddow slamming Hayworth for taking Abramoff 's dirty money back in 1999 when he was a U.S. Representative .
Who cares .
Then we got to the part about humans marrying horses .
On Sunday , you may have heard that Hayworth — who is challenging ( and will probably lose to ) John McCain — said on a Florida talk radio show , according to Politico :
" You see , the Massachusetts Supreme Court , when it started this move toward same - sex marriage , actually defined marriage - now get this - it defined marriage as simply , ' the establishment of intimacy . ' "
" Now how dangerous is that ?
I mean , I do n't mean to be absurd about it , but I guess I can make the point of absurdity with an absurd point .
I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse , I guess you could marry your horse . "
The debate on Maddow — which mainly centered on whether or not the Supreme Court used the exact words ' the establishment of intimacy ' — was unsatisfying .
Rachel Maddow and J.D. Hayworth disagreed , and J.D. Hayworth talked like a 1980s radio DJ and seemed so dumb that it must have been a strategy , somehow .
But we need to have a serious national discussion about this horse - marrying business .
Imagine a horse in a wedding gown !
According to Politico , Hayworth said that the " ' only way ' to prevent men from marrying horses is to create a federal marriage amendment . "
OK , Hayworth is positioning himself as America 's first anti-centaur candidate .
But men marrying horses is only a small part of the problem .
Under Massachusetts law , what 's to keep a guy from choosing a pig as his best man ?
Or a murder of crows as his caterer ?
Or hiring a chunk of quartz to design his wedding website ... or even setting up his gift registry at Skymall ?
We can only hope that Hayworth will address all of these serious questions as he continues his serious Senate candidacy .
We 're in our last couple months of the active phase of our love affair with Lost .
We 'll be watching the island - castaway show forever , but right now we 're still experiencing the thrill of discovery .
So here 's why we love Lost .
We 've criticized some aspects of Lost lately — especially those " flash - sideways , " where the plane landed safely but the plot has n't quite landed yet .
But we mostly take jabs at this show because we love it and are obsessed with it .
Also , because it 's the last season and we 've been hurt before by final seasons of shows we 've loved .
But even with our questions and doubts , we have to take the time to express our love this show .
Here are the ways .
Advertisement
1 ) It 's a show about characters , not clues .
We have faith that the show 's big questions — including " what is the island ? " — will be answered , and we 're not going to be left scratching our heads .
But this show rightly focuses on the characters , not on the endless clues .
Advertisement
I have a confession to make here —
I 'm not one of those people who gives a shit about clues .
I 'm interested in story - telling , and little easter eggs , to me , are n't a crucial element of story .
At best , they 're a treat for obsessive fans , and at worst , they 're a distraction .
And often , they 're not even real — like when people obsessed about the fact that the date on Claire 's medical file in the recent season opener was different from the date of Oceanic 815 in the " original " timeline .
( The producers explained that it was Claire 's due date . )
The producers of Lost have mostly resisted the urge to cater to the mythos - obsessed and the clue - seekers .
The easter eggs are brief enough , and inconsequential enough , that they feel throw - away most of the time . )
Advertisement
Instead , they have created a web of rich , fascinating characters , many of whom manage to be both iconic and complex .
Take Sawyer — he 's instantly memorable as " the surly con-man , " and you get this larger - than - life idea of him the very first time you see him .
But he 's got layers , and by now we 've seen enough different sides to him , including the steady , dependable leader he became in the 1977 Dharma Initiative and the dark , grief - stricken version we 're seeing now .
It 's a stroke of genius that Sawyer , not Jack , is the reader among the castaways .
And the relationships and rivalries between these people have continued to amaze us with their complexity , year in and year out .
I 've never been able to sit through an entire episode of The X - Files — sorry , Smoking Gunmen fans — because the mythos was too mythos -y .
I could n't bring myself to care about the mysteries .
If I 'd been alive when the Beatles were a band , I would n't have cared who was wearing the inside - out epaulettes on that album cover , or which Beatle 's name is said backwards seven times .
But Lost , I care about .
Advertisement
2 ) It 's stylistically inventive in a way that moves television forward .
For reals .
Advertisement
Even in a decade that 's seen television take major leaps toward becoming an Art Form — The Shield , The Sopranos , The Wire , Battlestar Galactica and Torchwood : Children Of Earth come to mind —
Lost has innovated since day one .
Take the opening sequence of season two 's first episode , " Man Of Science , Man Of Faith , " with the bewildering close - ups of random objects including the " Execute " key and the turntable , without showing us Desmond 's face .
Directed — of course — by Lost MVP Jack Bender , this sequence follows weird , eccentric paths around its maze of familiar items , and shows us the strangeness in everyday life .
Even beyond the mind - fuck of " Is this a flash - back or something happening on the island ? " , this elevates the contrast with the scruffy survivors peering down the hatch , and heightens the overall dissociation and paranoia of going into the mad - science lair .
The show repeated this motif with season three 's opener ( Juliet and the muffins ) and season five 's ( Pierre Chang in Dharmaville ) but managed to keep it fresh .
Advertisement
Also , the show 's trademark " flashes " have been a lot more inventive than I gave them credit for at the start .
The device of showing the characters ' lives before they were on the island seemed , at first , like a way of filling time and varying the show 's settings , while illuminating the occasional character moment .
But from early on , the flashbacks were not as simple as they appeared .
I rewatched a lot of the first few seasons during the past six months or so , and you can see different episodes using the flashbacks differently — in some cases , you can tell the character is meant to be thinking of this past experience as he or she faces a dilemma in the past .
In others , it 's a thematic counterpoint or grace - note to what 's happening in the main plot .
Things that jump out at me now :
The episode , early on , where Jack is trying to save Charlie and ( in his flashback ) he 's blaming his dad for the death of a woman on the operating table .
( Written by Middleman creator Javier Grillo - Marxuach ! )
The episode where Kate wakes up handcuffed to Juliet in the jungle , and meanwhile we see a flashback to Kate 's foray into con-woman - hood with Sawyer 's ex-girlfriend / victim .
The flashbacks are n't always what the characters are recalling as they face some situation ; sometimes they 're a weird contrast that the characters themselves would never think of in a million years .
The " flashes , " and their relationship with the on- island continuity , have gotten more challenging and strange as the show has gone on .
Obviously , the change to " flash - forwards " and now " flash - sideways " has been a huge leap into the unknown .
But they 've also gone beyond just a device , into being a major element of the show 's unique stylistic and narrative vision .
Like the footnotes in David Foster Wallace 's Infinite Jest , the " flashes " do n't just tell part of the story — they change how we read the rest of the story .
Advertisement
The divided , interpolated story - telling has become a signature element of the show , as much as Michael Giacchino 's raucously jarring music and Bender 's cinematic lensing .
A few episodes , in particular , have pushed the " flashes " as far as they can go — the Desmond - centric episodes " Flashes Before Your Eyes " and " The Constant , " and the Jin / Sun-centric " Ji Yeon . "
These episodes , and a number of others , managed to tell stories that felt like they spanned years and had real weight to them , within the confines of a 41 - minute television episode .
Advertisement
3 ) It does reward repeat viewings .
We do n't watch the show for the Easter eggs , but we do notice new stuff when we watch some of the episodes a second or third time .
For one thing , the minor characters who pop up when you least expect them are positively Dickensian , and the web of coincidences that causes random people to meet over and over again only starts to make sense when you delve into the show a few times .
The fact that Sawyer 's ex Cassidy befriends Kate , and Kate 's " dad " captures Sayid in Iraq , and so on , is more than just a funny set of coincidences — it 's part of what makes the show — for lack of a less pretentious term — literary .
Advertisement
You also pick up new subtleties , at least in some of the performances .
This show has some of the best actors working in television , including Michael Emerson , Terry O'Quinn , Elizabeth Mitchell and Jorge Garcia .
And they pack a lot into their performances , which you might not pick up on the first time around but which speaks to you when you 're re-watching an episode .
Matthew
Fox sometimes manages to convey a lot of stuff ( beyond the always - foregrounded guilt and grumpiness ) going on inside Jack 's head .
Advertisement
4 ) The Island is a character , and it actually works .
You know , when people used to talk about the island , and what it wants , and how it feels about stuff , I used to roll my eyes a bit .
It seemed a bit too woo - woo and New Age .
But I 've come around to seeing the island as one of the show 's main characters — and seeing that as a good thing .
Advertisement
It 's a cliché to talk about character as setting .
Creating a place that 's vivid enough to count as a major character in the story is something every writer aspires to .
But it 's really true for Lost — the island has gone beyond being just the confusing home of a thousand secrets , and become an actor on the show .
The benign - looking tropical paradise , which at first glance seems like a nice place to hang out , has managed to look threatening , sinister , oppressive and enchanted at various moments of the show 's run .
The island has acted its heart out .
When we finally do learn the nature and purpose (? ) of the island , it 'll feel no different , in a way , than learning the backstory of Ben or Richard Alpert .
The island has its own odd personality , and its many odd landmarks are like personal quirks .
The castaways ' beach , Dharmaville , the many Dharma stations , the statue , the temple ... they 're like aspects of the island 's being , and the island 's capricious behavior feels like a trait .
One of the dramatis personae we 'll miss on the island is the island itself .
Advertisement
5 ) It 's a comedy !
A lot of drama shows do funny episodes or comic moments , occasionally , but few juggle comedy and drama as well as Lost does .
The cast has impeccable comic timing , and manages to make the smallest things funny , like Hurley sharing his candy bar with Ben :
Or Hurley throwing a hot pocket at Ben :
Or Hurley explaining the show 's backstory :
Or pretty much any scene featuring Hurley and Miles :
But even though Hurley is definitely the funniest character on the show — as well as the soul of the show , honestly — other characters get to have some great moments of comedy .
Ben is frequently hilarious , in an ultra-dark , twisted way .
His funeral service for Locke was both terribly sad ( I think Ben really is sorry he killed the guy ) and side - splitting .
Advertisement
And Charlie 's final Driveshaft concert , when he 's trying to fake out the Others , is pretty hilarious too :
Plus Sawyer 's weird snark and paranoia ( snarkanoia ) is often one of the show 's comic highlights .
Even the dour Jack and Locke occasionally manage moments of comic brilliance .
Advertisement
6 ) It 's a love story , if you ignore Kate ( and we mostly do . )
Once you look past the Kate / Sawyer / Jack thing — which all right - thinking people do , with a shrug and a " grow green again , tender little parasite " — then there are loads of other love stories in Lost that do capture your heart .
Advertisement
Where Kate 's relationships tend to be sort of turgid , the Penny / Desmond saga has been one of the show 's mainstays ever since we first learned of their star - crossed affair .
And the fate of Penny and Desmond is at least as important to us as whatever happens with Jacob and the Smoke Monster — and probably way more so .
If episodes like " The Constant " have n't turned you into an obsessive Penny / Desmond shipper , then you have no heart , and I 'm not even sure why you 're watching this show .
It 's got everything — the mean dad standing in their way , the Hand Of Fate , the troubled guy and the woman who almost gives up on him but never quite does — everything !
And honestly , this show works so hard to dramatize its themes of fate vs. free will in so many different ways , but Miss Hawking 's claim that Desmond is fated to come to the island , even though it drives him away from Penny , is so simple and yet so powerful that it crystalizes the whole concept .
But Desmond and Penny are just one of the pairings that this show has given us , that we 've become invested in over the past five - years - and - change .
There 's also :
Sun and Jin .
Actually , separating those two for such a long time has driven us to care about their fate much , much more .
But we were already pretty wound up in watching their journey from the traditional marriage of a fisherman 's son-turned - legbreaker and a rebellious woman , to more of a real partnership .
Actually , separating those two for such a long time has driven us to care about their fate much , much more .
But we were already pretty wound up in watching their journey from the traditional marriage of a fisherman 's son-turned - legbreaker and a rebellious woman , to more of a real partnership .
Hurley and Libby .
We still want more closure on these two .
They were in the Santa Rosa mental institution together !
They were just starting to build something real — and then Michael ruined it .
There will be rioting in the streets if we do n't get more Hurley / Libby closure
.
We still want more closure on these two .
They were in the Santa Rosa mental institution together !
They were just starting to build something real — and then Michael ruined it .
There will be rioting in the streets if we do n't get more Hurley / Libby closure Sawyer and Juliet .
This was the biggest surprise of last season .
We got more invested in Sawyer and Juliet , over a handful of episodes , than we ever were in either of their previous relationships .
They had a real , meaningful bond and felt like a real married couple .
And now that Juliet is dead , their relationship remains one of the most gripping , because we 're seeing Sawyer in the throes of grief for her .
.
This was the biggest surprise of last season .
We got more invested in Sawyer and Juliet , over a handful of episodes , than we ever were in either of their previous relationships .
They had a real , meaningful bond and felt like a real married couple .
And now that Juliet is dead , their relationship remains one of the most gripping , because we 're seeing Sawyer in the throes of grief for her .
Rose and Bernard .
I 'm sort of hoping we do n't see these two on the island again .
They already had the perfect love story — they found each other , she was dying , he tried to save her and failed , and then they were separated by the plane crash .
Finally , they were brought together again , but Bernard kept trying to be a hero , and Rose kept being fatalistic .
At last , they compromised and moved to a house in the middle of the jungle in 1977 .
Let 's hope they 're still there , living happily ever after .
.
I 'm sort of hoping we do n't see these two on the island again .
They already had the perfect love story — they found each other , she was dying , he tried to save her and failed , and then they were separated by the plane crash .
Finally , they were brought together again , but Bernard kept trying to be a hero , and Rose kept being fatalistic .
At last , they compromised and moved to a house in the middle of the jungle in 1977 .
Let 's hope they 're still there , living happily ever after .
Charlie and Claire .
Another love affair that ended tragically , but we 're willing to bet the final chapter of their story is n't written yet .
And as annoying as Claire could be on occasion , Charlie 's attempts to prove himself worthy of her were moving — plus how much does it suck that Charlie sacrificed himself to get Claire off the island , and then she never made it off ?
Advertisement
7 ) It shows that no man ( or woman ) is an island .
We already mentioned the synchronicity thing , where characters are constantly meeting each other in new and weird contexts , and the whole supporting cast turns out to have hitherto unsuspected connections .
The connections between people seems to be a major theme of the show , and put that together with Jack 's famous line , " Live together , die alone " and you 've got a bit of a message .
Advertisement
Obviously , people stranded on an island together have to work together to survive , and that 's a common theme of these sorts of narratives — as is the idea that people create a new society , in microcosm , under the pressure of survival in an extreme environment .
But Jack 's quote seems to go beyond just that basic idea — as much as fate vs. free will , the idea that nobody survives alone , and no life has meaning without other people , seems to be a basic message of the show .
And even though the show is amazingly dark and does work in so many ways to dissociate us , as viewers , from what 's going on , it still feels life - affirming because of that message .
Lost is a show about people living together , and we 're happy to be on that journey with it .
One of the most important and urgent challenges in government today is how to make significant longer - term policy change in a political world run essentially as a game over the 24 - hour media cycle .
Ironically , even though elections are easily won on the promise of " change " , the electorate inevitably resists it in its detail .
There is no better current example than Obama !
I am particularly disturbed by the way our current " debate " on the challenge of climate change is unfolding .
The magnitude and urgency of the challenge is being lost in short - term political point scoring .
And most of the media has been lost in the " colour and movement " of that political contest .
In terms of the policy imperatives , both sides have squibbed the challenge .
A fight as to whose tax is the lesser , to achieve a mere five per cent reduction in emissions , against a policy imperative calling for reductions of more like 25 - 40 per cent by 2020 , is today 's equivalent to rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic , in a world where there are many more icebergs as the polar icecap melts .
Beyond that , a combination of Rudd 's low base target , together with his failure to develop the need for , and then to adequately explain , an ETS , let alone admit to some of the inadequacies of his proposal , and the perceived failure of Copenhagen , has left the door wide open for Abbott 's political onslaught .
To be clear , Abbott ' response is mostly political .
While there is merit in soil carbon , tree planting , solar , etc , if they were to be well developed policies , as part of a more broad - based overall response , his strategy is the belief that you can frighten and fool most of the people , all of the time .
Forgive me for recalling the GST debate in the early 1990s .
I understand just how well Abbott 's strategy can work , having been " done slowly " by the Master , Keating .
But then the shoe was on the other foot .
I was attempting to advocate major change from Opposition .
Keating had all the resources and authority of Government to frighten people that I was " too big a risk " .
And the substance of policy positions did n't matter then .
Keating was able to easily disown his painful past on tax reform in general , and the GST in particular .
Nobody bothered to recall his commitment to the Parliament , back in 1985 , that he would fight for both until his dying breath , having been rolled by the motel room , back - down , deal between Hawke and then ACTU President Kelty .
The media fascination back in 1993 was in the colour and movement of my slow death .
There was virtually no focus on the undeliverability of Keating 's LAW tax - cuts without a GST .
It was his final admission of that , later in ' 93 , with an added dash of his arrogance , that cost him Government in 1996 .
Rudd has the resources of Government .
He has the capacity to reach the people .
Public meetings , a paid and sustained media blitz , and / or whatever , he should explain and defend his case .
He should be able to expose a political fear campaign for what it is !
Unfortunately , while the economics of an emissions trading scheme are pretty straight forward , the politics are admittedly tough .
The policy is to cap emissions , by putting a price on carbon , to force / encourage all levels of our society to change their behaviour , from big polluters to households .
In these economic terms , it is the " price " that principally drives the change , although a complete response to climate change , may have other incentives / mandation as a complement , such as banning incandescent lightbulbs , mandating bio-fuels and other alternative technologies , etc .
In these terms there must inevitably be " losers " , at least in the short - term , as relative prices move .
While Governments will always , understandably , want to offset or cushion the impact on some consumers / businesses etc. , or assist in the necessary adjustments , the policy does n't allow you to push this too far , as you actually want the " price " to bite and force the desired change in behaviour .
Enter the politics !
It is so easy to frighten and confuse .
Potential " losers " can be screamed about and interviewed and , in the end , it 's all too easy to argue that " if you do n't understand it do n't vote for it ! "
It is also easy to scaremonger on the possible consequences for economic growth and jobs , although the counter argument that a full and adequate response to climate change should see a technological revolution , spawning new industries and considerably new employment , is certainly worth the fight .
So , while managing this detail , Rudd must also sell the " big picture " , the " big challenge " , the imperative , the economic , social and moral imperative , to move to a low - carbon society as a matter of genuine urgency .
The real challenge is for leadership on such a fundamentally important issue .
Our political leaders have a responsibility to provide it , and the media has a responsibility to call for it , and to reward it , rather than to just wallow in the " colour and movement " of grossly irresponsible politicking .
It is a common misconception that the Moon ’s surface is a perfect vacuum .
It is not !
The Moon indeed has an atmosphere , a very tenuous one however .
If you could capture the Moon ’s entire atmosphere , it would weigh about 10,000 kg .
In other words , it would weigh less than a large truck .
Sources of the lunar atmosphere :
There are two main sources of the lunar atmosphere .
One of them is outgassing , which is the release of gasses that originate from radioactive decay processes deep inside the crust and mantle of the Moon .
The second source is through a process known as sputtering : atoms are ejected from solid materials on the lunar surface due to the bombardment by energetic particles .
The planet Mercury obtains its tenuous atmosphere in the same way .
Another minor source of the lunar atmosphere consists of leaks from space suits and the lunar habitation structures from the Apollo missions , as well as the gases ejected from the rockets during landing and liftoff .
While it sounds nice that Humans contributed to the lunar atmosphere , most of it has probably been lost to space since then .
Losses of the lunar atmosphere :
The Moon loses most of its atmosphere to space ; however it is replenished at about the same rate , so that the total mass of the atmosphere remains relatively constant on average .
Some of the gases released by sputtering will be re-implanted into the lunar regolith due to the lunar gravity .
Also some of the atmosphere is lost to space either by solar radiation pressure , or if the gasses are ionized , they are swept away in the solar wind ’s magnetic field .
Device used by the Apollo astronauts to detect the lunar atmosphere .
Photo by NASA .
Composition of the lunar atmosphere :
The average daytime lunar atmosphere consists of the following elements ( proportions in atoms per cubic centimeter ) :
Argon ( 40,000 ) ,
Helium ( 2,000 – 40,000 ) ,
Sodium ( 70 ) ,
Potassium ( 17 ) ,
Hydrogen ( less than 17 ) .
Other elements were also detected in much lower quantities .
Radon - 222 and polonium - 210 was inferred from the data obtained by the Lunar Prospector alpha particle spectrometer .
Argon - 40 , helium - 4 , oxygen , nitrogen and carbon were detected by devices used by the Apollo astronauts .
One such device , called the “ cold cathode gauge ” is pictured above .
Some of those atoms would bind into molecules such as methane , carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide , since most elements cannot remain stable as single atoms .
In total , the lunar atmosphere consists of about 80,000 atoms per cubic centimeter , slightly more than what is believed to be the size of the atmosphere on Mercury .
Conclusion :
Even though it has been scientifically proven that the Moon does indeed have a tenuous atmosphere , for all practical purposes the lunar environment is considered to be a near - perfect vacuum .
Congressional “ reform ” plans for credit default swaps are full of loopholes , guaranteeing that another derivatives - fueled financial crisis awaits us .
According to the Bank for International Settlements , credit default swaps with a face value of $ 36 trillion were outstanding in the second quarter of 2009 , the most recent figures available .
Credit default swaps are “ a way to increase the leverage in the system , and the people who were doing it knew that they were doing something on the edge of fraudulent , ” said Martin Mayer , a guest scholar at the Brookings Institution and author of 37 books , many of them on banking .
“ They were not well - motivated . ”
Mr. Mayer has been critical of credit default swaps almost since they arrived on the scene .
In 1999 , for example , he wrote an opinion piece for The Wall Street Journal entitled “ The Dangers of Derivatives . ”
“ These ‘ over the counter ’ derivatives  created , sold and serviced behind closed doors by consenting adults who do n’t tell anybody what they ’re doing  are also a major source of the almost unlimited leverage that brought the world financial system to the brink of disaster last fall , ” he wrote , referring to the market turmoil of 1998 .
“ The derivatives dealers ’ demands for liquidity far exceed what the markets can provide on difficult days , and may exceed the abilities of the central banks to maintain orderly conditions . ”
Calling credit derivatives “ the most dangerous instrument yet , ” Mr. Mayer concluded in his article that neither banks nor bank examiners have any idea how to handle them .
“ The system is easily gamed , and it sacrifices the great strength of banks as financial intermediaries  their knowledge of their borrowers , and their incentive to police the status of the loan , ” he wrote .
Pointing to a study by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , he said : “ In the presence of moral hazard  the likelihood that sloughing the bad loans into a swap will be profitable  the growth of a market for default risks could lead to bank insolvencies . ”
How ’s that for prescient ?
His predictions having come true , I asked Mr. Mayer for solutions to the problems that credit default swaps have created .
He had several .
Buffalo Bills react to maskless Raiders
The Bills play the Raiders Sunday in Las Vegas , and they were n't thrilled several Raiders players were not wearing masks at a Monday charity event .
Two thousand federal transportation workers will be furloughed without pay on Monday , and the Obama administration said they have a Kentucky senator to blame for it .
Federal reimbursements to states for highway programs will also be halted , the Transportation Department said in a statement late Sunday .
The reimbursements amount to about $ 190 million a day , according to the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee .
ADVERTISEMENT
The furloughs and freeze on payments were the result of a decision last week by Republican Sen .
Jim Bunning to block passage of legislation that would have extended federal highway and transit programs , the department said .
Those programs expired at midnight Sunday .
The extension of transportation programs was part of a larger package of government programs that also expired Sunday , including unemployment benefits for about 400,000 Americans .
Bunning objected to the $ 10 billion measure , saying it would add to the budget deficit .
He did n’t immediately respond to a request Sunday for comment .
The impasse has provided the administration with an opening to excoriate Republicans for allowing popular programs to run out , even if only for a short time .
“ As American families are struggling in tough economic times , I am keenly disappointed that political games are putting a stop to important construction projects around the country , ” Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen. Jon Kyl , R - Ariz. , the Senate ’s second - ranking Republican leader , told “ Fox News Sunday ” that he expects GOP lawmakers will vote to extend unemployment benefits this week .
Furloughs will affect employees at the Federal Highway Administration , the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Research and Innovative Technology Administration .
LaHood said construction workers will be sent home from job sites because federal inspectors must be furloughed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Among the construction sites where work will be halted : the $ 36 million replacement of the Humpback Bridge on the George Washington Parkway in Virginia ; $ 15 million in bridge construction and stream rehabilitation in Coeur d’Alene , Idaho ; and the $ 8 million resurfacing of the Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
Add another name to the list of former staffers at Steven Cohen ’s $ 13 billion hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors to draw scrutiny in a federal investigation into insider trading on Wall Street .
A year ago , federal regulators accused a former Blackstone Group investment banker , Ramesh Chakrapani , of tipping off a friend -- referred to as “ tippee 1 ” in a Securities and Exchange Commission complaint -- about the 2006 buyout of the Albertsons supermarket chain .
Until now the identity of that friend has been a mystery .
But Reuters has learned from three people familiar with the Chakrapani case that he is Jonathan Hollander , a 34 - year - old former analyst at SAC .
The sources also confirmed that the firm where the trading in question took place in January 2006 is CR Intrinsic Investors , an SAC subsidiary .
In court papers , regulators contend that the Albertsons tip resulted in a series of trades that generated $ 91,000 in profits for the friend and his parents , as well as $ 3.5 million in trading profits for his firm .
Hollander , who worked for nearly four years as a junior analyst with CR Intrinsic before leaving in December 2008 , declined to comment in an e-mail message .
His attorney , Aitan Goelman , similarly declined to comment .
Neither Hollander nor SAC have been charged with wrongdoing in any insider trading investigation .
SAC spokesman Jonathan Gasthalter says the hedge fund began looking into the allegations involving Hollander and the fund ’s trading in Albertsons stock after the SEC charged Chakrapani in January 2009 .
“ After reviewing the initial complaint in this matter , SAC thoroughly investigated this former employee ’s trading in Albertsons and , on its own initiative , presented the findings to government authorities in February 2009 , ” said Gasthalter .
“ We have cooperated fully with the government ’s investigation and will continue to do so . ”
The sources familiar with the matter said Hollander ’s involvement in the Chakrapani case is another piece in the puzzle for federal prosecutors in New York who are focusing their attention on the activities of several former traders and analysts who either worked at Cohen ’s SAC or at hedge funds that got money from his firm .
Insider trading is notoriously tough to prove , and the Chakrapani complaint may end up going nowhere .
Indeed , the SEC is moving to dismiss its case against Chakrapani , though the agency says it could refile civil charges against the banker later on .
PHILADELPHIA STORY
The Chakrapani case is separate from the big insider trading investigation that led to the arrest this fall of Galleon Management co-founder Raj Rajaratnam and more than a dozen other traders , tech company executives and consultants .
In fact , there are significant differences between the Chakrapani and Galleon cases .
Perhaps most significantly , none of the evidence in the Chakrapani case came from telephone wiretaps , which were used to great effect in the investigation into Rajaratnam .
Instead , the SEC case against Chakrapani , according to court filings and people familiar with the investigation , largely rests on testimony of a key cooperating witness , and matching trading records in Albertsons stock with the timing of some 20 phone calls and 18 text messages between Chakrapani and Hollander in early January 2006 .
The SEC attorneys filing the Chakrapani lawsuit come from the agency ’s Philadelphia regional office .
The SEC lawyers in the Galleon case are based in New York and Washington .
One cooperating witness in the Galleon investigation , former SAC tech analyst Richard Choo - Beng Lee , has agreed to tell prosecutors of any insider trading he may have done at SAC , when he worked at the hedge fund from 1999 to 2004 .
Other former employees of SAC or hedge funds backed by the firm who have been linked to the Galleon probe in either court filings or by people familiar with the inquiry include : Richard Grodin , Mark Adams and Steven Fortuna .
Fortuna never worked at SAC , but did work at Stratix Asset Managment , a firm founded by Grodin and where Lee also once worked .
The confirmation of Hollander ’s role in the Chakrapani case comes just a few weeks after Cohen ’s ex-wife disclosed in a lawsuit that the hedge fund billionaire had his own run-in with securities regulators more than two decades ago .
In the lawsuit , she revealed that Cohen , when he was a trader at Gruntal & Co , was investigated by the SEC for potential insider trading in 1986 but was not charged .
So far , there is no indication that Hollander , who now runs a small consulting business called Chesapeake Advisory Group , is cooperating with authorities .
In recent court proceedings , lawyers for the SEC have said it is the agency ’s understanding that Hollander is not cooperating and would assert his Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination if called to testify .
People with knowledge of the investigation said that Hollander ’s apparent lack of cooperation may be one reason the SEC is now trying to move on .
LEGAL PRETZEL
The Chakrapani case has been subject to some unusual legal wrangling .
In April -- for reasons that have never been fully explained -- prosecutors dismissed a related criminal charge against Chakrapani just three months after bringing the case .
The criminal action also cited an unidentified and uncharged co-conspirator , who turns out to be Hollander , according to the sources .
Since then , prosecutors have told the federal judge overseeing the SEC ’s civil case on a number of occasions that their investigation of the Blackstone banker is continuing .
In July , U.S. District Judge Richard Sullivan dealt the SEC a blow when he refused to stay the civil case against Chakrapani and ordered a quick trial date .
Federal prosecutors immediately began objecting because one of the key witnesses against Chakrapani in the SEC lawsuit is slated to be the key witness in a related insider trading criminal trial involving other defendants .
The government ’s key witness , Nicos Stephanou , is a former UBS banker .
He has already pleaded guilty to passing on confidential information about the Albertsons deal and other buyouts .
Stephanou , Chakrapani and Hollander worked together at Credit Suisse in the late 1990s and were friends , say people who know them .
Federal prosecutors are reluctant to have Stephanou testify in a civil trial before he is called as a witness in several pending criminal trials , according to court filings .
Criminal defense attorney Ira Lee Sorkin , who most notably represented convicted stock swindler Bernard Madoff , said that in recent years judges have become reluctant to automatically stay SEC actions until the completion of a related criminal case .
“ Judges are increasingly getting angst about stays because it means a civil case is hanging over a person ’s head , ” said Sorkin .
“ There is a basic unfairness . ”
That is exactly the argument being made by Chakrapani ’s lawyer , Michael Sommer .
The attorney said he wants Judge Sullivan to not only dismiss the SEC case but to do so with prejudice .
A dismissal with prejudice would preclude the SEC from refiling the insider trading charge against the suspended Blackstone banker at a later date .
In court papers , Sommer says a dismissal with prejudice is necessary to clear his client ’s name and help him return to his job at Blackstone .
The private equity firm last month provided Sommer with a letter saying it would consider bringing the banker back if the SEC suit is dismissed with prejudice and “ we can satisfy ourselves that the U.S. Attorney will not reinstate its proceedings against Mr. Chakrapani . ”
It ’s by no means clear Blackstone will get that kind of reassurance .
Hollander , a Stanford University Business School graduate , is in the same kind of legal limbo as his friend .
While he has not been charged with any wrongdoing , he has no assurance from federal authorities that he will not be , said people familiar with the case .
Meanwhile , people who know Hollander said they would be surprised if he had done anything wrong .
They point to his charitable work , including coaching youth baseball in Harlem .
Still others note that hedge funds -- including Hollander ’s -- were routinely trading in Albertsons stock in the weeks leading up to the January 2006 buyout .
For now , Hollander ’s fate may ultimately rest with whatever the government decides to do with Chakrapani .
The 100,000 trailers became a symbol of the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's bungled response to Katrina .
The government had bought the trailers to house victims of the 2005 storm , but after people began falling ill , high levels of formaldehyde , a chemical that is used in building materials and can cause breathing problems and perhaps cancer , were found inside .
Many of the trailers have sat idle for years , and many are damaged .
" Just go ahead and sign their death certificate , " said Paul Nelson of Coden , Ala. , who contends his mother died because of formaldehyde fumes in a FEMA trailer .
The trailer industry and lawmakers are pressing the government to send Haiti thousands of potentially formaldehyde - laced trailers left over from Hurricane Katrina — an idea denounced by some as a crass and self - serving attempt to dump inferior American products on the poor .
The U.S. Agency for International Development , which is coordinating American assistance in Haiti , has expressed no interest in sending the trailers to the earthquake - stricken country .
FEMA spokesman Clark Stevens declined to comment .
Haitian Culture and Communications Minister Marie Laurence Jocelyn Lassegue said Thursday she had not heard of the proposal but added : " I do n't think we would use them .
I do n't think we would accept them . "
In a Jan. 15 letter to FEMA , Rep. Bennie Thompson , D - Miss. , chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security , said the trailers could be used as temporary shelter or emergency clinics .
" While I continue to believe that these units should not be used for human habitation , I do believe that they could be of some benefit on a short - term , limited basis if the appropriate safeguards are provided , " he wrote .
For the recreational - vehicle and trailer industry , which lost thousands of jobs during the recession , the push to send the units to Haiti is motivated by more than charity .
Bidding is underway in an online government - run auction to sell the trailers in large lots at bargain - basement prices — something the RV industry fears will reduce demand for new products .
Some of the bids received so far work out to less than $ 500 for a trailer that would sell for about $ 20,000 new .
Lobbyists for the Recreational Vehicle Industry Assn. — which includes some major manufacturers in Elkhart , Ind. , among them Gulf Stream — have been talking with members of Congress , the government and disaster relief agencies to see if it would be possible to send the trailers to Haiti instead .
" This is n't really the best time for the RV industry to have very low - priced trailers put out onto the market , " said the group 's spokesman , Kevin Broom .
How much formaldehyde the trailers contain — or if they still have any at all — is n't known .
The auction site warns that the trailers may not have been tested for the chemical , and FEMA said buyers must sign an agreement not to use the auctioned trailers for housing .
Broom contends the majority are " perfectly safe , " and " the handful of trailers that might have a problem " can be removed .
Though the formaldehyde fumes in the trailers may have lessened with time , Haiti's hot , humid weather would boost the amount released , said Becky Gillette , the formaldehyde campaign director for the Sierra Club .
Lindsay Huckabee , who blames a rash of illnesses on the two years she lived with her husband and five children in FEMA trailers in Kiln , Miss . , said that while " some shelter is better than no shelter , " sending FEMA trailers is a bad idea without tight controls and warnings .
" I think it 's very self - serving to hand off a product that 's not good enough for Americans and say , ' Hey , we 're doing a good thing here , ' " she said .
In Haiti , Ermite Bellande said she has had no shelter since losing her three - story house .
Still , she does n't want one of the trailers .
" We have nothing , " she lamented .
" But I would rather sleep outside than be in a metal box full of chemicals . "
Joseph Pacious , who was hoping to find shelter at a tent city near the Port - au - Prince airport , disagreed .
" The trailers may be hot , and they may make us sick , " he said .
" But look at how we are living already .
How bad can it be ? "
Myriam Bellevu , who is sleeping in a tent because she does not feel safe in her damaged home , said : " If the trailers are not good , the Americans must keep them for themselves .
It 's true that we are poor , but if they want to help , they must help in a good way . "
Among the lawmakers backing the idea is Mississippi state Sen. Billy Hewes .
" If I had the choice between no shelter and having the opportunity of living in a shelter that might have some fumes , I know what I 'd choose , " he said .
" If these trailers were good enough for Mississippians , I would think they were good enough for folks down in Haiti as well . "
-- Associated Press
Superman ’s friends must think he is a pussy always leaving at the sight of danger
Idea via Philip Berard
The experts say their research threw up a disturbing trend
Africans suffering from malaria may be getting sub - standard treatment , a study by US - based experts has suggested .
Researchers from the Pharmacopeia group found that between 26 % and 44 % of anti-malaria drugs in Uganda , Senegal and Madagascar were of poor quality .
The group , conducting the study for the World Health Organization , said low - grade drugs were being used in both public and private health practices .
Some 90 % of malaria deaths in the world occur in Africa .
The experts subjected 200 samples of anti-malaria drugs to quality - control testing in a US laboratory .
They found 44 % of the drugs from Senegal failed the testing , followed by 30 % from Madagascar and 26 % from Uganda .
Patrick Lukulay , director of the US government - funded Pharmacopeia programme , said it was a " disturbing trend " .
" It is worrisome that almost all of the poor - quality data that was obtained was a result of inadequate amounts of active [ ingredients ] or the presence of impurities in the product , " he said .
The particular problem they identified was with artemisinin - based drugs .
The chemical is one of the few affordable and effective treatments for malaria .
But the WHO 's malaria programme chief Robert Newman said low - quality versions of the drug could increase resistance because they would not kill all of the parasites .
" There are a number of things that need to be done - as a global community we need to support countries in strengthening their regulatory controls , " Mr Newman said .
The researchers also studied drugs from seven other countries - Cameroon , Ethiopia , Ghana , Kenya , Malawi , Nigeria and Tanzania - but have not yet released data from those nations .
However , Mr Lukulay said Ghana had already withdrawn more than 20 drugs from the market after seeing initial results .
One of the problems with the oil ( kerogen ) in oil shale is that it is not mature enough ( i.e. close enough to being an oil ) that it will easily flow through the rock .
In earlier parts of this particular theme , I have written about mining the rock and then heating it in retorts as a way of transforming the kerogen and recovering it for use .
I have also , somewhat tongue in cheek , discussed using nuclear weapons to heat the rock so that the transformation can take place without moving the rock , while breaking the rock at the same time , and the unlikely potential for burning some of the oil within the deposit to power the transformation of the rest .
While it might work in a heavy oil sand , is not likely to be realistically practical for the finer grained shales .
But there are ways of adding somewhat less heat to the rock than using a nuclear bomb , and that will be the topic for today .
While I am largely going to bypass the use of nuclear power ( apart from that of providing electrical power ) in this piece , the potential use of nuclear power to heat penetrators that allow rapid drilling of weak rock has been partially demonstrated .
As I have mentioned previously , Los Alamos National Lab , in looking at different methods for drilling , had come up with the idea of using a small nuclear reactor to provide sufficient heat to a ceramic probe that it would melt its way into the ground , pushing the molten rock to one side , and providing a glass lining to the resulting tunnel .
By the way , this has not been used to create the network of tunnels under this country in an idea beloved of some , it has been demonstrated .
Not with a nuclear source , but with more conventional heating , Los Alamos drilled drainage holes at the Tyuoni pueblo plaza for drainage in 1973 .
A total of eight drainage holes were drilled at this archeological site in the Bandelier National Monument .
The first significant step in the Subterrene technology transfer program occurred when eight water drainage holes were melted with a field demonstration unit at the Rainbow House and Tyuonyi archaeological ruins at Bandelier National Monument in New Mexico in cooperation with the National Park Service .
By utilizing a consolidation penetrator , the required glass - lined drainage holes were made without creating debris or endangering the ruins from mechanical vibrations .
At around the same time Dr George Clark , at what was then the University of Missouri - Rolla ( now Missouri University of Science and Technology ) had used ceramic electrical heaters in rock to raise rock temperatures enough to fracture and break out blocks of granite .
Field tests have therefore been able to take rock up to temperatures that are high enough to melt rock , using electrical heaters placed in holes in the rock .
Which is a good introduction to the Mahogany Project in which Shell have been using electrical heaters to heat oil shale in place , to high enough temperatures that the kerogen transforms into a light oil .
The investigation has been going on for some 25 years starting in the laboratory , and has progressed through an initial field trial .
Small holes are drilled down through the rock to house the electric heating coils , which slowly raise the temperature of the rock to between 600 and 750 deg F , at which temperature the kerogen will convert , depending on what is there , to a mixture of light oil and natural gas .
These fuels can be recovered by drilling conventional wells into the rock , with typical depths at the test site being in the 1,000 to 2,000 ft range .
The Shell Mahogany Technology
The field trial placed heaters in a grid over a 30 ft by 40 ft test area and found that a third of the volume produced was natural gas was produced from the lower grade layers of the shale above the layers with the highest concentrations of kerogen ( the Mahogany layer ) which produced the light oil .
Array of heaters at a Shell test site
A total of 1,700 barrels of the light oil was recovered during the test period .
Production from the Shell test wells in oil shale
While the Bureau of Land Management has approved further sites for tests , the program is waiting to see what happens to the price of oil to determine whether or not the program will be sufficiently economically viable to move forward .
At present this decision is anticipated to be in the middle of this decade , by which time it may be a little clearer whether the Cornucopians or some of the rest of us have been more accurate in our predictions on the future availability of sufficient oil to meet global demands at an affordable price .
But it is the level of that affordable price that will decide whether the oil shale program is viable .
The costs of the project will not just have to cover the heating of the rock .
One of the problems with the site is that there is some migration of water through the rock , and this can create two problems .
The first is that it pulls heat away from the transformation process and the second is that it can interfere in the overall process itself .
To stop the water flow ( and concurrently the risk of transformed oil and gas migrating away from the collector wells )
Shell has been looking into building an ice wall around the site to hold the water back .
Ground freezing is growing more popular as a tool for dealing with water underground .
It has been used , for example , to stabilize the ground while the Boston Big Dig ( the Central Artery / Tunnel project ) was built and in stabilizing the ground for some of the underground stations in the London Tube network ( including the collapse of one of the excavations ) .
It has been used to hold back the water while uranium ore was mined at MacArthur River .
Simply described , a dual pipe system is placed in vertical holes , and a freezing solution ( usually a brine ) is circulated through them , lowering the temperature of the rock to the point that the water freezes .
Since the lowered temperature is distributed around the holes , there is no need to intersect any of the fractures , or voids , and the frozen water also helps to strengthen the rock where needed .
For the Mahogany Project test , which began in 2007 , the freezing liquid was ammonia , and the test used a pattern of 157 holes drilled eight - feet apart , to a depth of 1,800 ft .
The test removed the groundwater from within the well , but did not heat the rock to produce the oil and gas .
It will be interesting to see how this project turns out .
It has been suggested that the technology would need a dedicated power source of some 1.2 gigawatts , in order to yield a production of 100,000 bd .
Shell estimates it will yield 3 - 4 energy units for every unit consumed .
Layout of freezing pipes for the Shell Mahogany tests .
As usual with these technical posts , they can only briefly outline a process , if something is not clear please ask in comments , or if there is more information available , we all gain from reading of it .
Welcome to the Finite - element Methods for Electromagnetics download site .
The text was originally published under the title Field Solutions on Computers ( ISBN 0-8493-1668-5 , QC760.54.H86 ) in 1997 by CRC Press ( currently a division of Taylor and Francis ) .
The unabridged book with all illustrations has been converted to PDF format with several corrections .
Composition of the original work was partially supported by a sabbtical leave from the University of New Mexico .
Taylor and Francis generously gave permission to create and to distribute the electronic text .
The conversion was supported by Field Precision LLC .
Table of contents
Chapter 1 . Introduction Overview Summary of material Some Precautions Chapter 2 . Finite - Element Electrostatic Equations Introduction Coulomb's law Gauss 's law and charge density Differential equations for electrostatic fields Charge density distributions and dielectric materials Finite elements Coordinate relationships for triangles Gauss 's law for elements at a vertex point Solution procedure and boundary conditions Electrostatics in cylindrical coordinates Exercises Chapter 3 .
Minimum - Energy Principles in Electrostatics Introduction Electrostatic field energy Elements of the calculus of variations Poisson equation as a condition of minimum energy Finite - element equations for two - dimensional electrostatics
Three - dimensional finite - element electrostatics on arbitrary meshes Higher - order finite element formulations Exercises Chapter 4 .
Finite - Difference Solutions and Regular Meshes Introduction Difference operators Initial value solutions of ordinary differential equations One- dimensional Poisson equation Solution of the Poisson equation by back - substitution Two - dimensional electrostatic solutions on a regular mesh Three - dimensional electrostatic solutions on a regular mesh Exercises Chapter 5 .
Techniques for Numerical Field Solutions Introduction Regular meshes in three dimensions Two - dimensional conformal triangular meshes Fitting triangular elements to physical boundaries Neumann boundaries in resistive media Boundary value solutions by successive over - relaxation Exercises Chapter 6 .
Matrix Methods for Field Solutions Introduction Gauss - Jordan elimination Solving tridiagonal matrices Matrix solutions for one - dimensional electrostatics Matrices for two - dimensional finite - element solutions Solving tridiagonal block matrix problems Exercises Chapter 7 .
Analyzing Numerical Solutions Introduction Locating elements Generalized least - square fits Field calculations on a two - dimensional triangular mesh Mesh and boundary plots Contour , element , elevation , and field line plots Exercises Chapter 8 .
Nonlinear and Anisotropic Materials Introduction Iterative solutions to boundary value problems Numerical data for material properties Finite - element equations for anisotropic materials Steady - state gas flow Exercises Chapter 9 .
Finite - Element Magnetostatic Solutions Introduction Differential and integral magnetostatic equations Vector potential and field equations in two dimensions Isotropic magnetic materials Finite - element magnetostatic equations Magnetic field solutions Properties of permanent magnet materials Magnetostatic solutions with permanent magnets Exercises Chapter 10 .
Static Field Analysis and Applications Introduction Volume and surface integrals on a finite - element mesh Electric and magnetic field energy Capacitance calculations Inductance calculations Electric and magnetic forces on materials Charged particle orbits Electron and ion guns Generalized Neumann boundaries - Hall effect devices Exercises Chapter 11 .
Low - Frequency Electric and Magnetic Fields Introduction Maxwell equations Complex numbers for harmonic quantities Electric field equations in resistive media Electric field solutions with complex number potentials Magnetic fields with eddy currents Exercises Chapter 12 .
Thermal Transport and Magnetic Field Diffusion Introduction Thermal transport equation Finite - difference solution of the diffusion equation Finite - element diffusion solutions Instabilities in finite - element diffusion solutions Magnetic field diffusion Exercises Chapter 13 .
Electromagnetic Fields in One Dimension Introduction Planar Electromagnetic waves Time - domain electromagnetism in one dimension Electromagnetic pulse solutions Frequency - domain equations Scattering solutions One- dimensional resonant modes Exercises Chapter 14 .
Two - and Three - Dimensional Electromagnetic Simulations Introduction Time - domain equations on a conformal mesh Electromagnetic pulse solutions Frequency - domain equations Methods for scattering solutions Waveguides and resonant cavities Power losses and Q factors Finite - difference time - domain method in three dimensions
Three - dimensional element - based time - domain equations Exercises
A 16 - year - old mentally challenged boy stole a SEPTA bus in Upper Darby Wednesday morning and crashed the bus into 20 cars , police said .
The teenager told police that he wanted to practice driving .
The boy stole a SEPTA bus from Victory Depot at 69th Street and Victory Avenue in Upper Darby a little before noon , drove down West Chester Pike , made a drastic U - turn and barrelled down 20 parked cars in a parking lot .
One of the cars had four people in it .
None were injured .
" The other cars and poles slowed him down , but he was coming really fast , " witness Tranesha Mosley told NBC Philadelphia .
Mosley was sitting on her SUV with three other people when the bus came crashing through the parking lot .
" I was just praying , " said Mosley .
" I had my 2 - year - old on my lap . "
The accident left a utility pole dangerously dangling over the lot , and knocked out the power lines .
The teen said that he found the bus running with the keys in the ignition , according to police .
SEPTA spokesman Richard Maloney said that the keys to the bus should not have been in the ignition , but turned in at the depot .
SEPTA is investigating how the boy accessed the keys and the bus .
In a sign that when labor and its allies put up a fight they get results , a group of influential Democratic senators called yesterday on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to include the public option in the reconciliation process on health care reform .
A letter to Reid by Colorado ’s Sen. Michael Bennett was cosigned by other Democratic senators including John Kerry , Sherrod Brown , Jeff Merkley and Kirsten Gillibrand .
“ We need to put consumers in charge by giving them more choices and ending these shameful practices that work for insurance companies , but not for people , ” the letter said .
“ The current health care reform bill is a historic step in extending coverage and controlling costs , but we need to take the final step to include a public option .
With majorities in the House and Senate we can use the reconciliation process to include a public option in the final bill . ”
An aid to Sen .
Bennett said use of the reconciliation process to revive the public option would be in keeping with long standing practice in the U.S. Congress .
He said the reconciliation process has been used frequently in the past for “ just this kind of urgent , publicly mandated legislation . ”
The budget reconciliation process was used when Congress passed the Children ’s Health Insurance program ( CHIP ) , Medicare Advantage , and the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ) .
Republicans , of course , are determined to continue their fight against health care reform .
Their hope is that fear of budget deficits can crush what appears to be a recent surge in public support for meaningful health care reform .
Rep .
Dave Camp , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee made it clear yesterday that his party , despite approval of a health care reform measure by both Houses of Congress , will continue to push for dumping reform altogether .
“ I think what we have to do is keep it on policy , ” said Camp , “ and really continue to describe that we have listened to the American people , and anyone listening to the American people would say scrap this bill and begin again , and let ’s begin again by focusing on lowering costs . ”
The latest polls show , however , that Camp and the rest of the GOP are out of touch with majority opinion on the issue .
The New York Times / CBS
News poll of Feb. 11 says that 62 percent of Americans were “ not willing for the government to decrease spending in such areas as health care or education ” and 44 percent said Democrats were more likely to improve the health care system than Republicans ( 27 percent ) .
A Jan. 27 CBS
News poll said that 67 percent of those polled generally approved of President Obama ’s plans for dealing with health care .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/progressohio/
/ CC BY 2.0
Some animals have developed amazing adaptations to their environments .
Many different types of energy exist in the environment , some of which humans cannot detect .
Here are some examples of how some animals sense the outside world and the anatomical structures that allow them to do so .
Ants Can detect small movement through 5 cm of earth .
Can see polarized light .
Bats
Can detect warmth of an animal from about 16 cm away using its " nose - leaf " .
Bats can also find food ( insects ) up to 18 ft. away and get information about the type of insect using their sense of echolocation .
Can hear frequencies between 3,000 and 120,000 Hz .
Bees Can see light between wavelengths 300 nm and 650 nm .
Have chemoreceptors ( taste receptors ) on their jaws , forelimbs and antennae .
( taste receptors ) on their jaws , forelimbs and antennae .
Worker honey bees have 5,500 lenses ( " ommatidia " ) in each eye .
Worker honey bees have a ring of iron oxide ( " magnetite " ) in their abdomens that may be used to detect magnetic fields .
They may use this ability to detect changes in the earth 's magnetic field and use it for navigation .
Can see polarized light .
Butterfly Has chemoreceptors ( taste receptors ) on its feet .
( taste receptors ) on its feet .
The butterfly has hairs on its wings to detect changes in air pressure .
Using vision , the butterfly Colias can distinguish two points separated by as little as 30 microns .
( Humans can distinuguish two points separated by 100 microns . )
can distinguish two points separated by as little as 30 microns .
( Humans can distinuguish two points separated by 100 microns . )
The common bluebottle butterfly has at least 15 different types of photoreceptors in its eye .
Buzzard Retina has 1 million photoreceptors per sq. mm .
Can see small rodents from a height of 15,000 ft .
Cat Has hearing range between 100 and 60,000 Hz .
Olfactory membrane about 14 sq. cm .
For comparison , humans have an olfactory membrane of about 4 sq. cm .
Chameleon
The eyes of the chameleon can move independently .
Therefore , it can see in two different directions at the same time .
Cockroach Can detect movement as small as 2,000 times the diameter of a hydrogen atom .
Crab
Has hairs on claws and other parts of the body to detect water current and vibration .
Many crabs have their eyes on the end of stalks .
Crayfish
Has sensory hairs that can detect movement of 0.1 microns ( at 100 Hz frequency ) .
Cricket Can hear using their legs ; sound waves vibrate a thin membrane on the cricket 's front legs .
Dog Has olfactory membrane up to 150 sq. cm .
Can hear sound as high as 40,000 Hz .
Dolphin Like bats , dolphins use echolocation for movement and locating objects .
Can hear frequencies up to at least 100,000 Hz .
Dragonfly Eye contains 30,000 lenses .
Earthworm Entire body covered with chemoreceptors ( taste receptors ) .
Eagle Eyeball length = 35 mm ( human eyeball length = 24 mm )
Visual acuity is 2.0 to 3.6 times better ( depending on the type of eagel ) than that of humans .
( Shlaer , R. , An eagle 's eye : quality of the retinal image , Science , 176:920-922 , 1972 . )
Elephant Has hearing range between 1 and 20,000 Hz .
The very low frequency sounds are in the " infrasound " range .
Humans cannot hear sounds in the infrasound range .
Falcon Can see a 10 cm. object from a distance of 1.5 km .
Visual acuity is 2.6 times better than human .
( Garcia et al. , Falcon visual acuity , Science , 192:263-265 , 1976 . )
Can see sharp images even when diving at 100 miles / hr .
Fish Some can detect the L - serine ( a chemical found in the skin of mammals ) diluted to 1 part per billion .
Have a " lateral line " system consisting of sense organs ( " neuromasts " ) in canals along the head and trunk .
These receptors are used to detect changes in water pressure and may be used to locate prey and aid movement .
Some fish can see into the infrared wavelength of the electromagnetic spectrum while others , such as Sockeye salmon , can see ultraviolet light .
Fish ( Catfish ) Has 3 or 4 pairs of whiskers , called barbels , to find food .
The catfish also has approximately 100,000 taste buds .
( Humans have only 10,000 taste buds . )
Fish ( Deep sea )
Only have rods in the retina : 25 million rods / sq. mm .
Perhaps they need this high density of photoreceptors to detect the dim biolumninescence that exists in the ocean depths .
Fish ( Drum Fish ) Collects underwater sound vibrations with an air bladder .
The signals are then sent from the air bladder to the " weberian apparatus " in the middle ear and then to the inner ear .
Hair cells in the inner ear respond to the vibration and transmit sound information to the fish brain .
Fish ( " Four - eyed Fish " Anableps microlepis )
Can see in air and water simultaneously .
Each eye is divided by flaps , so there is one opening in the air and one in the water .
Fly Each eye has 3,000 lenses .
( Simmons and Young , 1999 )
Eye has a flicker fusion rate of 300 / sec .
Humans have a flicker fusion rate of only 60 / sec in bright light and 24 / sec in dim light .
The flicker fusion rate is the frequency with which the " flicker " of an image cannot be distinguished as an individual event .
Like the frame of a movie ... if you slowed it down , you would see individual frames .
Speed it up and you see a constantly moving image .
The small parasitic fly ( Ormia ochracea ) can locate sounds within a range of only 2 o of the midline .
( Mason et al. , Nature , 410:686-690 , 2001 )
) can locate sounds within a range of only 2 of the midline .
( Mason et al. , , 410:686-690 , 2001 )
Blowflies taste with 3,000 sensory hairs on their feet .
Frog Has an eardrum ( tympanic membrane ) on the outside of the body behind the eye .
Giant Squid Eye is 25 cm in diameter .
Retina can contain up to 1 billion photoreceptors .
Sensitive to polarized light .
Grasshopper
Has hairs ( " sensilla " ) all over the body to detect air movement .
Can hear up to 50,000 Hz .
Hawk Normal vision for people is 20 /20 .
A hawk 's vision is equivalent to 20/ 5 .
This means that the hawk can see from 20 feet what most people can see from 5 feet .
( Scientific American , April 2001 , page 24 )
Hawk Buteo Has 1 million photoreceptor per square millimeter in its retina .
Iguana
Able to detect the temperature of sand within 2 degrees F .
This temperature is needed for the iguana to lay its eggs .
Jellyfish
The box jellyfish has 24 eyes .
( Nature , 435:201-205 , 2005 . )
Mice Can hear frequencies between 1,000 and 100,000 Hz .
By comparison , humans can hear frequencies between 20 and 20,000 Hz .
Star - nosed Mole
Uses its fleshy star nose for hunting .
The Star - nosed mole has 100,000 nerve fibers that run from star to the brain .
This is almost six times more than the touch receptors in the human hand .
Mosquito Attracted to host by human body odor ( especially foot odor ) , carbon dioxide , body heat and body humidity .
Moth Noctuid Moth has a hearing range between 1,000 and 240,000 Hz .
Emperor Moth can detect pheromones up to 5 km. distant .
Silkworm Moth can detect pheromones up to 11 km. distant .
This moth can detect pheromones in concentrations as low as 1 molecule of pheromone per 1017 molecules of air .
A receptor cell can respond to a single molecule of the pheromone called bombykol and 200 molecules can cause a behavioral response .
Octopus Retina contains 20 million photoreceptors .
The eye has a flicker fusion frequency of 70 / sec in bright light .
Sensitive to polarized light .
The pupil of the eye is rectangular .
Has chemoreceptors ( taste receptors ) on the suckers of their tentacles .
By tasting this way , an octopus does not have to leave the safety of its home .
Penguin
Has a flat cornea that allows for clear vision underwater .
Penguins can also see into the ultraviolet range of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Pig Tongue contains 15,000 taste buds .
For comparison , the human tongue has 9,000 taste buds .
Xan smell truffles under six inches of soil .
Pigeon
With eyes mounted laterally on their heads , pigeons can view 340 degrees ... everywhere except in back of their heads .
Can detect sounds as low as 0.1 Hz .
Platypus
Has electric sensors in its bill that can detect 0.05 microvolts .
Other receptors in the bill are for touch and temperature detection .
The cochlea of the inner ear is coiled only a quarter of a turn .
In man , the cochlea is coiled about 2.7 times .
Rabbit Tongue contains 17,000 taste buds .
Rat Has hearing range between 1,000 and 90,000 Hz .
Seahorse Each eye can move independently .
Scallop Has 100 eyes around the edge of the shell .
These eyes are probably used to detect shadows of predators such as the starfish .
Scorpion Can detect air moving at only 0.072 km / hr with special hairs on its pincers .
Can have as many as 12 eyes .
Shark Has specialized electrosensing receptors with thresholds as low as 0.005 uV / cm .
These receptors may be used to locate prey .
The dogfish can detect a flounder that is buried under the sand and emitting 4 uAmp of current .
Some sharks can detect fish extracts as concentrations lower than one part in 10 billion .
Some sharks sense light directly through the skull by the pineal body .
The thresher shark has an eye up to 5 inches ( 12.5 cm ) in diameter .
The last three facts are from D.Perrine , Sharks and Rays of the World , Stillwater : Voyaguer Press , 1999 .
Snakes Pit-vipers have a heat - sensitive organ between the eyes and the nostrils about 0.5 cm deep .
This organ has a membrane containing 7,000 nerve endings that respond to temperature changes as small as 0.002-0.003 degrees centigrade .
A rattlesnake can detect a mouse 40 cm away if the mouse is 10 degrees centigrade above the outside temperature .
The tongue of snakes has no taste buds .
Instead , the tongue is used to bring smells and tastes into the mouth .
Smells and tastes are then detected in two pits , called " Jacobson 's organs " , on the roof of their mouths .
Receptors in the pits then transmit smell and taste information to the brain .
Snakes have no external ears .
Therefore , they do not hear the music of a " snake charmer " .
Instead , they are probably responding to the movements of the snake charmer and the flute .
However , sound waves may travel through bones in their heads to the middle ear .
Snakes have no moveable eyelids .
Instead , they have a clear , scale - like membrane covering the eye .
Sparrow Retina has 400,000 photoreceptors per sq. mm .
Neatoramanaut Dennis wrote to us about the awesome Mario - themed shelves , end table and clock that he and his girlfriend ( and video game lover ) Judith built for their apartment .
Check out the warp pipe , built out of garbage cans that serve as a table to keep their cell phones organized and charged , and the clock , which features the scene from the Game Boy video game Super Mario Land .
Dennis told us that Judith , who is a mechanical engineering student in Germany , is also working on a Koopa shell for the shelf .
More photos ( including an unrelated but super - awesomely - cool light saber Judith built for him as a birthday present ) :
Judith also built Dennis this awesome lightsaber for his birthday :
What a lucky guy !
Thanks Dennis !
Entertainment , she also negotiated a $ 1 royalty for each copy of the film that was sold .
And in the heyday of porn , that was a substantial number .
She saved the money – investing it in the market and prospered .
( The first stock she bought , she says , was Wal - Mart ) .
“ When I retired , I knew I could survive another 20 years without earning a dime , ” she says .
“ That was my security blanket . ”
Rather than curling up in that blanket , she bounced around , trying new things after leaving the set .
In the early days of eBay , she sold memorabilia directly to fans .
An encouraging teacher at a writing class led to a book ( which she self - published , since she did n’t like the one - time payment deal publishers were offering her ) .
For the better part of the last five years , she has been the host of Playboy Radio ’s “ Night Calls ” .
“ I could n’t imagine doing something unrelated to porn , ” she says .
“ I always knew that whatever I did , it would be associated with ‘ Christy Canyon ’ . ”
That ’s not an uncommon philosophy .
A career in porn typically overshadows an actress ’s other achievements , no matter what successes they have .
But the industry tends to protect its own – and many of the true superstars , who are its ambassadors to the mainstream world , keep their toes in the water even after they retire .
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
The power of an explosion is not from the blast itself but from the shockwave it creates - despite it being invisible to the naked eye .
Richard Hammond has used the latest camera technology to capture an explosion in super slow - motion to see the destructive power of the shockwave in action .
Thousands of pounds worth of gunpowder were used to create the controlled blast in New Mexico .
Richard Hammond 's Invisible Worlds can be seen at 2100 GMT , BBC One and BBC HD , Tuesday 16 March and afterwards on iPlayer .
The test chambers that populate the vast interior of the Aperture Science testing facility may seem deceptively simple at first glance – just a few key components nestled in a sterile room – but once you try to escape that room you 'll realize that things are much more complicated than they seem .
The designers at Valve use a very particular process to craft these devious challenges .
Valve explains how that process works for Portal 2 .
Valve on setting goals :
“ Out of all the possible problems that can be posed to the player , how does the team decide what should go into a new test chamber ?
While it may seem obvious , the final decision always starts with a specific goal in mind .
We never sit down and throw random pieces at the whiteboard to see what sticks .
We always focus on some key aspect of a mechanic , and on how we can teach it to players while still challenging them . ”
Valve on training players
“ This core criteria for map building helps guarantee that the game is always giving players the right incremental step in their understanding of portals and portal challenges .
Generally speaking , the training is one of two types .
The first type is what the team calls checklisting , where new mechanics are broken down into the core components players must understand in order to have fun using that mechanic .
This is often just a matter of broadcasting the fundamental rules of play .
For instance , the most basic function of a tractor beam is to grab a player who has entered its zone of influence and float them in its direction of travel .
So when players first encounter a tractor beam , they 're given a very clean room to safely experiment with it .
“ The second form of training occurs after players have learned the basics .
Once we feel comfortable that players understand the basic rules , we start to enumerate the interesting things that can be done with the mechanic we 're focusing on .
This helps us generate a list of fun experiences the player can have .
We then use that list to generate new challenges .
These challenges typically force players to think laterally and usually involve taking a previously learned rule and turning it on its head .
Figuring out those little twists is often the most rewarding for players . ”
Valve on playtesting :
“ Coming up with challenges for players is only a starting point .
Challenges can't just be solvable ; they also need to be fun .
Playtesting is the most important tool the team utilizes while creating puzzles that fulfill both of these requirements .
Even the best ideas can fall flat once they 're put up against real players , so until a wide variety of testers have played through a map , it can't be considered ready to ship .
“ Sometimes playtesting unearths simple problems , such as a player discovering a solution the team did n't expect .
If the solution is interesting and makes the tester feel smart , it might be left in as an alternate solution .
If , however , the unintended solution makes the player feel as if the game is broken , the team will find ways to remove or reconfigure the elements that led to the errant , unsatisfying solution .
Ultimately , it's the playtesters ' perception and enjoyment that dictates what goes into a final map .
“ A common issue that crops up in playtesting is players failing to notice the tasks needed to solve a challenge .
Players very rarely look up , and they almost never look at the things that are obvious to us as designers .
We 'll add something to a room that seems far too obvious to us , but if playtesters miss it time and time again , we know that we need to draw more attention to it or find another way to approach the problem . ”
Valve on Portal 2 ’s paint feature :
“ Portal 2 gives players the ability to paint surfaces in order to alter their properties , which takes the fundamental binary constraint of a traditional Portal puzzle surface and changes it into something very powerful .
Players are used to having the world tell them what they can and can't do .
Portal 2 strives to give players more control over the rules of the world and let them set their own terms .
However , with that higher degree of freedom comes a higher degree of challenge when trying to design a puzzle .
Because of the fluid ( and messy ) nature of the paint , maps very quickly change from clean and tidy to chaotic and mottled .
The upside is that it gives players a much more varied and interesting set of options when solving puzzles , without the designers having to change the central portal gun mechanic . ”
Valve on the art of design :
“ Once the map is playtesting well and the developers feel confident that the basic shape of the test chamber wo n't be modified , the team 's artists step in to transform the space from an abstract space into a chamber that feels truly buried in the guts of the Aperture Science testing facility .
“ Unlike the often sterile and pristine environments of the first game , Portal 2 provides a more visually rich backdrop for GLaDOS 's devious testing .
This richness can also add confusion to a space if not implemented correctly , so after a map has received its art treatment it heads right back into playtesting to make sure that players are still having fun .
“ Oftentimes adding that visual complexity can create distractions or red herrings for players , so the team often has to pull back if they 've gone too far , or clarify elements that may have been inadvertently obscured .
Not only does it increase the visual quality of a setting , the art pass can often help gameplay problems .
Lighting and dynamic elements can help draw the player 's attention to exactly where it ’s needed while giving them a completely different impression of their surroundings . ”
Valve on the importance of GLaDOS :
“ Another element the designers typically add at the tail end of a map 's production is GLaDOS herself .
We almost always have GLaDOS talk at the beginning and end of a puzzle .
Portal 1 playtesting showed us pretty quickly that even though people like hearing GLaDOS , they really , really do n't want to listen to her while they 're actively thinking through a puzzle . ”
Tomorrow is the Internet 's favorite holiday : April Fool 's Day .
Half of the websites will put up fake front pages , there will be Facebook and Twitter and email hoaxes , etc .
And 99 percent of them will be incredibly lame .
We asked you to show us the kind of prank somebody could do with the Internet if they had balls .
The winner is below , but first the runners up .
Advertisement
21 Entry by Battlesheep
Only half of depressed individuals who take antidepressants actually get a mood lift .
And now scientists think they know why : A study in mice found receptors on certain brain cells essentially block the effects of these medicines .
If the same holds true in humans , the other 50 percent of depressed patients may have more effective treatment options .
" The mouse model explains why someone may not respond to antidepressants , " says Rene Hen , professor of pharmacology in the Departments of Psychiatry and Neuroscience at Columbia University .
Antidepressants are designed to increase the levels of serotonin , so that when more of the serotonin neurotransmitter is sent to other parts of the brain , the person feels relief from depression .
Hen identified a receptor , so he could replicate in mice what happens when antidepressants fail .
Some of the genetically engineered mice were designed to have high levels of the receptor 1A , a type of receptor on nerve cells that produces serotonin .
By watching their behavior , Hen determined how the mice responded to the drugs .
Usually when mice take antidepressants , they act more daring .
However , mice with high levels of certain serotonin receptors , did not act like they were on antidepressants .
Also , when high levels of the 1A type receptors were found in the brain , the mice produced less serotonin .
Next ,
Hen plans to conduct clinical trials in humans .
In the future , psychiatrists might be able to predict if someone is a responder or non-responder to traditional antidepressants .
That way drug companies can figure out new ways of relieving depression in these non-responders , Hen said .
" There are new experimental treatments now , but deep brain stimulation is really invasive , ” Hen said .
Psychiatrist Jonathan Flint at Oxford University , who was not involved in the current research said , " The hope is that what is true for mice will be true for humans .
If it is , then we have a route to improve the efficacy of antidepressants , rather than the current practice of try whatever we have and see what works . "
The 1A receptor type might be different in the people who do n’t respond to the drugs .
Keith Young , a pharmacologist at The Central Texas Veterans Health Care System , said there could be a genetic reason why some people have high levels of the 1A receptor .
There ’s also a chance that the receptor could alter itself .
" It might have to be expressed in high levels to work in some people properly , " said Young , who was not involved in the current study .
The study , which was funded by the National Institute of Mental Health , research - funding agency NARSAD , and pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca , is published in the Jan. 15 issue of the journal Neuron .
Yesterday the , largely ceremonial , president of Iceland stood up for what is right .
He decided that it was not democratic for the Icelandic government to insist that the Icelandic people pay foreign depositors who deposited money in Icelandic banks that subsequently went bust .
The president refused to sign the parliament 's bill , which would have penalised the Icelandic people for the mistakes of the executives of the Icelandic banks .
He concluded that this was not reasonable as the banking mess was not the fault of the average Icelander .
Iceland will have a referendum on the issue now .
This move implies that Iceland might jeopardise its access to IMF funds as well as definitely knock back its aspirations to join the EU .
The official line peddled by the international bureaucrats is that standing up for the small guy undermines Iceland 's credibility .
However , the president decided that if credibility in the eyes of the foreign investors comes via hoodwinking the average Icelandic citizen into footing the bill for a mistake the financial markets facilitated , then it was better to be not credible .
This type of credibility undermines democracy and the basic idea that the government represents the people .
In so doing he has stood up for something which is now , sadly , profound and unusual in modern politics -- he is championing the interests of the small man in a small democracy .
At the press conference , President Olafur Grimsson referred to a petition which raised signatures from thousands of ordinary citizens who were set against bailing out the banks at the people 's expense .
The petitioners went on to argue that foreign depositors ( mainly Dutch and British ) took out deposits in Icelandic banks because the banks were offering interest rates that were much higher than in the UK or Holland .
In economics the iron rule is , the higher the return offered , the higher the risk offered .
The Icelanders are simply saying that your investments have nothing to do with us and , therefore , the solution to the depositors ' dilemma is not the immediate concern of the average cod fisherman from the Westman Island or any other part of Iceland for that matter .
In a country where the president occupies a similar position to our own , this was only the second time a president has ever declined to sign a parliamentary bill .
The Icelandic story is a mirror image of Ireland's .
However , unlike the Irish case where the average person is being asked to pay the bondholders of the banks -- the creditors who speculated on such gems as Anglo Irish Bank -- the Icelanders are taking a different tack .
They have decided that the people -- not the elites or the " insiders " -- must decide .
This country clearly is a proper democracy ; not one run by politicians who are part of an insider group up to their teeth in property and who can't see that they represent the people , not the elite .
In its most simple terms , Iceland is a country with a banking system attached .
In contrast , Ireland is a banking system with a country attached to it .
In the past five years , the Icelandic banks behaved precisely like our own .
They lent to anyone and anything but , in the main , they lent to their mates .
When they ran out of Icelandic deposits , they borrowed abroad to finance their expansion .
They issued debts and when they could no longer issue enough debt , they took in deposits .
When the system crashed , the foreign depositors and the bondholders got caught .
You can rightly ask what in God 's name were English depositors doing putting their life savings into Icelandic banks that they had never heard of ?
Now let us move to the ramifications of the Icelanders ' democratic stance .
Officials are aghast .
According to the men who run the Department of Finance here , if we were to do something similar and negotiate a deal with our foreign bank creditors , Ireland would be declared a pariah .
They claim interest rates would rocket and the world would shun us .
If their view is right , interest rates in Iceland should have jumped yesterday on the news of a referendum .
But they did n't --
Icelandic interest rates hardly budged from their present 7 pc .
By the way , when I was in Reykjavik last May interest rates stood at 15 pc .
Yes , they are high , but interest rates in Iceland are coming down in line with inflation , as any basic economic textbook would predict .
More significantly , long - term interest rates , which gauge the long - term risk in a country , have also fallen to 7 pc in Iceland .
This means investors believe there is no real extra risk in Iceland in the future .
My guess is that Iceland 's credit rating will rise on this news , not fall .
The reason for this counterintuitive stance is the same reason John Maynard Keynes argued against reparations being imposed on Germany after the First World War .
Keynes argued that if you impose the debts of a past regime on a new regime , the economy and politics will suffer .
In a similar vein , the Icelandic president has decided that it is unfair to lumber the average citizen with the sins of Iceland 's financial generals .
The specific case in Iceland involves one bust bank , but has ramifications for the whole country .
Foreign depositors are owed € 3.8bn by Icebank .
The EU stipulated that the average Icelandic citizen should pay € 12,000 each to cover this .
The EU and the IMF said further aid to Iceland is dependent on this deal .
This president has stated that if the price of this EU and IMF help is penalising the citizen , then it is a price so high that it must be passed by referendum .
In short , the outsiders ( the citizens ) should not be forced to bail out the insiders ( the banks ) .
In their president , the outsiders in Iceland have a champion .
Who champions the outsiders in Ireland ?
Who in our political class shouts stop , enough is enough ?
Who is prepared to say there is a difference between right and wrong ?
Finally , who has the courage to point out that , in financial terms , far from being penalised , Iceland is being rewarded by gradually falling interest rates .
In Ireland we can't tell the difference between right and wrong , and worse still , we are not even getting the supposed financial bonanza for being " good boys " and siding with the international bankers .
We are still paying nearly twice as much as Germany to borrow money .
Iceland is showing our politicians another way .
These are not easy decisions -- and it would have been much better if the country had never got into this mess -- but at least they are dealing with it .
Similarly , it would have been better if we never got into this mess too , but here we are .
Iceland proves that there is an alternative -- are any of our politicians , from the President down , prepared to listen ?
David McWilliams ' latest book ' Follow the Money ' is out now
dmcwilliams@independent.ie
Irish Independent
As expected , HTC has unleashed a slew of Android smartphones here at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , and I have to admit they 're looking really good .
While not exactly groundbreaking , HTC Desire is the top - notch phone that competes primarily with Google 's Nexus One ( also made by HTC ) , as it has similar looks and pretty much the same specifications .
Here 's a quick overview :
It 's an Android 2.1 phone with a 1 GHz Snapdragon CPU , 512MB or ROM and 576 MB of RAM memory , a 5 megapixel camera ( with flash and autofocus ) , GPS , and the usual connectivity options : Wi -Fi , Bluetooth , 3G .
It also has a beautiful AMOLED 3.7 inch screen ( multi - touch is supported ) with 480x800 pixel resolution .
What makes it different from the Nexus One is the lack of trackball , and HTC's Sense UI , so the choice between the two will be strictly a matter of personal preference .
I will update this post with some hands - on experiences as soon as I lay my hands on it .
* Update : After trying out the HTC Desire , I 'm definitely a bit disappointed with the speed of the device .
It 's fast , but it 's not exactly flying .
This is not due to the hardware , though ; HTC's Sense UI is faster and more fluid on the new HTC HD Mini , which is based on 600 MHz CPU and Windows Mobile 6.5 .
However , as far as Androids go , HTC Desire is still on top of the food chain , partly due to HTC's Sense UI , which is getting better and more flexible with each new iteration .
First , let ’s get the elephant out of the way so we can talk about more important things .
What is the elephant ?
No , it ’s not Larry Page , co-founder of Google , seen above waving to the audience at TED after he gave them all a free Nexus One .
So , what is the elephant ?
That TED costs $ 6,000 and is hard to get into ( next year ’s TED is already sold out , for instance ) .
They never give away more than 15 press passes , too , which means that most of the world ’s press corp ca n’t get in .
This always pisses off people , just as it did to Sarah Lacy , writer at TechCrunch .
I do n’t have $ 6,000 and I doubt I ’ll get invited next year for free and , even if I could gather $ 6,000 , it ’s sold out for next year anyway .
Freaking elitists !
But , let ’s take the elephant head on : rich people can afford things you and I can ’t .
I ca n’t afford a Ferrari either .
Even though I definitely appreciate them .
I ca n’t afford a private plane , even though when I ’ve gotten a ride in one I ’ve always appreciated them and can see why I ’d want one .
I ca n’t afford an original Ansel Adams ’ print , either , even though I am a huge fan and would love to have one .
So , let ’s turn it around .
You should know that in 2008 I took a similar stance to Sarah’s .
That TED is unattainable for most people , and that it ’s a closed society , etc .
What did I do about it ?
I went to BIL , a free event that goes on at TED .
I will attend that again next year because I seriously doubt that I ’ll be able to get into TED .
But I am trying to go one further , I will try to get the money together to buy BIL a video feed from inside TED .
But since attending I ’ve changed my stance from the one I had in 2008 .
What is the one now ?
Jealous people should just keep their mouths shut .
And I ’ll include me in that stance .
Truth is , TED has opened up its content to the world .
More than 500 talks have now been shared on TED Talks .
On the TED stage I saw that they had hundreds of events where the live feed was broadcast , including many into Silicon Valley ( several VCs and entrepreneurs invited me to view TED with them at their houses , or work offices ) .
Rackspace bought the feed too and lots of my coworkers were talking with me about the talks .
So , getting access to the content might not be attainable by everyone in real time , but is certainly attainable eventually by everyone .
The funny thing is just a couple of weeks ago Sarah Lacy was at an exclusive venture capital event in Jackson Hole , Wyoming .
I was n’t invited .
Neither were you , probably .
Did she disclose the elitism of this event ?
No way .
Does she disclose all the closed parties or events she gets invited to that me and you do n’t get invited to ?
No way .
One rule of closed parties is you do n’t Tweet about them or you do n’t get invited back .
I assume I wo n’t get invited to TED next year and that this year I won the lottery and next year , well , the lottery wo n’t strike twice .
So , that gives me a sort of mental freedom to tell you what I really think of this event .
But here ’s the rub : I will be at TED next year if I am alive .
And the year after that .
And the year after that .
I will pay for it and get there somehow .
Why ?
It was the most incredible event I ’ve ever attended .
By far .
What makes TED TED ?
Well , for one , it ’s TED because Sarah was n’t there ( and I wo n’t be there next year because I did n’t pay the $ 6,000 in time ) .
Its elitism and expense IS part of why TED is magical and if you ever get to go , either because you have the money to attend , or because somehow you won the lottery like I did and you go to go you ’ll see that it is magical , in the same way that James Cameron shared with us that visiting the Titanic for real is magical ( he did just that ) .
Damn elitists .
Having experiences I can’t have .
TED should be PROUD of the elephant in the room .
It should embrace it far more than they do .
The attendees there should celebrate it and run with it .
Many do .
One VC told me as we were leaving yesterday that the expense not only makes networking world class but that it ensures that people actually attend and listen to the lectures .
Want proof ?
Look at the notes that these rich people took .
I ’ve never seen notes like these at any other event .
After all , rich people can have parties with other rich people anytime they want .
But TED is n’t like any rich guy party I ’ve ever been to and I ’ve been fortunate enough to be at more than my fair share ( heck , remember , I live right by the Half Moon Bay Ritz which is a rich - guy party every night of the year .
I ca n’t afford to stay there either ) .
Those notes are from Nina Khosla , design student at Stanford .
Does that name sound familiar ?
It should , her dad is famous VC Vinod Khosla .
She shares her notes with the world on her website , by the way .
I interviewed her about her notes and some other things and you can listen to that on Cinch .
What is TED ?
It ’s a celebration of human performance .
On the TED stage we saw some of the best scientists the world has ever known .
Some of the best dancers ( you ’ll see them on stage at the Oscars , by the way , do n’t miss them ) .
Some of the best musicians .
Some of the best entrepreneurs .
Some of the best children .
Some of the best politicians .
It is one event where you not only get to see them on stage , and if you watch TED Talks you know what that ’s about , but you get to meet them in the hallways and talk with them .
A couple of days ago I talked with Bill Gates about his ideas for nuclear energy .
Controversial yes , but the guy does his homework and knows more on the topic of energy than anyone else I ’ve ever met .
It is a celebration of learning .
Learning means pushing yourself beyond where you are today .
Yesterday we heard a story from a girl who has been told she has three years to live .
What is she doing ?
Going to school and she explained why in a way that brought a tear to many eyes around the world .
She was n’t even at Long Beach , but was attending the sessions in Palm Springs , which is where there was a video feed and a separate set of talks .
Proves you did n’t need to go to TED to go to TED and that TED does n’t cost $ 6,000 for everyone , you can see it in Palm Springs for less , or in a video feed for even less .
But the $ 6,000 everyone pays helps in ways you can’t really understand unless you go .
First , the stage is hand built .
During some talks my mind got a little bored ( not every talk is interesting , one talk about spiders did n’t have the famous TED payoff and I found myself back in Chemistry class , learning stuff I probably will never use so my mind went elsewhere ) .
My eyes started wandering around the stage .
I looked at this stage for two days before I noticed a little model airplane hanging from the top .
Did you see the stack of National Geographics at the front left ?
Or the microscope at the front right ?
Those details do n’t sound important , but they weave together a fabric that encourages your mind to explore new ideas .
Blow this photo up that I shot of James Cameron .
Now look at just some of the weird stuff they put around the stage .
You might think that does n’t matter , but it does .
It ’s a fabric that encourages your mind to absorb and synthesize the ideas discussed .
But it does more than that .
It makes being at TED an ultra-HD experience .
One that you ca n’t really get from the TED Talks , although even in video you notice a visual richness that ’s just not there in other conferences .
It ’s the details and the details cost money .
Second , it helps in bringing speakers from around the world .
Third it helps in hiring world class video teams so you can watch them for free at home .
Fourth it helps in details , which makes this a remarkable event , one unlike any other I ’ve attended .
Details like the food .
Details like the badges , which are the best in the business .
Details like the sound system , which was most excellent and contrasts with the sound in most other conferences ( I sat in both the front row and the back and it was awesome ) .
Details like the exhibits strewn around the conference hallways .
I could go on and on .
OK , let ’s take on another elephant in the room .
The Sarah Silverman talk , which Techcrunch also wrote about ( interesting that they write so much about TED ) .
She used the word penis and retarded a lot .
I thought her talk both failed and succeeded , but not because of that .
I thought it was brilliant of TED to invite some speakers on stage that were very risky .
Silverman was n’t the only one .
In the closing talk Ze Frank asked whether what the world really needed was penis - flavored condoms .
Other speakers talked frankly about sex , or showed graphic images that would challenge any audience .
Silverman succeeded because her talk was a science experiment , albeit one of trying something out on a much different audience than she usually gets to perform in front of .
TED is all about trying out ideas and seeing which ones are the best and hearing from the people who do the best experiments , from dance to algorithms .
Silverman is the best at her craft alive today .
Or certainly in the top .001 % .
It was why she was on the TED stage .
She used that opportunity to try to challenge the audience .
That was successful and I hope TED invites her again to perform another one of her experiments on stage .
But it failed too .
I found her talk repulsive and challenging .
I was in the second row .
I actually was one of those who called for her to come back out on stage , although I knew that she had challenged the audience in a way that would be viewed as a failure .
She challenged me quite a bit with her experiment .
It was n’t until later that I discovered that Chris Anderson , the guy who runs TED , had said she was “ god-awful ” on Twitter ( he now has removed that tweet ) .
I did n’t have a chance to discuss that talk with Chris , but I would say that he was wrong and right .
He was right that her talk was n’t up to the usual TED quality but that she represented the best of what TED is : science experiments in human living .
See , science experiments RARELY succeed .
Thomas Edison said that you know him for his successes , but that if you really knew him you ’d see his thousands of failures .
TED needs more Sarah Silvermans who will try content experiments out on stage .
I hope it does n’t become some conservative organization that only lets safe people and safe ideas on stage .
If I talked with Sarah Silverman , though , I would have encouraged her to attend a TED before she talked ( I heard she was only there for that morning ) .
If she had , I ’m sure she would have tried a different experiment on this particular audience than the one she attempted .
Anyway , so many ideas challenged me and inspired me over the past few days .
Already a couple of the videos have come out , here ’s those :
Jamie Oliver ’s TED Prize wish :
Teach every child about food —
Sharing powerful stories from his anti-obesity project in Huntington , W. Va. , TED Prize winner Jamie Oliver makes the case for an all - out assault on our ignorance of food .
( This was my favorite talk of the event ) .
http://video.ted.com/assets/player/swf/EmbedPlayer.swf
Augmented - reality maps : Blaise Aguera y Arcas on TED.com —
In a demo that drew gasps at TED2010 , Blaise Aguera y Arcas demos new augmented - reality mapping technology from Microsoft .
( Recorded at TED2010 , February 2010 in Long Beach , CA .
Duration : 8:14 )
http://video.ted.com/assets/player/swf/EmbedPlayer.swf
My favorite part of TED was PUBLIC , though .
It was the afterparty at the Westin .
Check this video out of that party :
So , to wrap this up , do n’t be jealous , let ’s figure out how to get more of you into TED .
UPDATE : I totally forgot the work that the Sapling foundation , which supports the TEDx prize , does to support science around the world too .
Glad that Stephen Collins reminded me of that .
Oh , and many of the attendees actually pay more than $ 6,000 because they want to support the foundation ’s work in a deeper way .
full - sessionsの新バージョン 0.6.1 を HackageDBにアップロード しました。
full - sessions は、 Haskellにおけるマルチスレッド/ネットワークプログラミングのライブラリです。
Sessionモナドという新しいモナドを使ってプログラムを書きます。
チャネルの型表現にπ計算の型理論の一つであるセッション型を採用しています。セッション型のおかげで、チャネルの「使われ方（プロトコル）」がスレッド間で整合していることを実行前の型検査によりチェックできます。これにより、ある種のデッドロックや型の不整合は型検査で排除できるようになります。 さらにHaskellの型推論でセッション型を推論させれば、プログラムがチャネルを意図通りに使っていることを型表現からチェックできます。
full - sessions は、HList等で見られるような型レベルプログラミングのテクニックを駆使したかなり実験的なライブラリで、インタフェースすら安定していませんが、Haskellで作れる「型付きの」DSLの例としても、大きな意味があると勝手に考えています。
今回のバージョンは 、
配布バイナリの examples / 以下に、簡単なチャットプログラムと、SMTPクライアントのexampleがあります。
今のところ、まともなドキュメントを書く気力がありませんが、セッション型によるプログラミングの雰囲気だけでもわかっていただければ。
単純な型推論の例 文字列をチャネルで送出す る Main > : t typecheck1 $ \ c -> send c " abc " typecheck1 $ \ c -> send c " abc " :: ( Length ss l ) => Session t ( ss :> Send [ Char ] a ) ( ss :> a ) ( ) 型 Session t ss tt a は indexed monad とうモナドの一種です。 チャネル ( の集合) ssをttに変換する、とか、事前条件ssで実行すると事後にttとなる、と読みます。(ss :> s ) は型レベルのリストで、ssの末尾にsを加えたリストを表現しますす。
例えば Session t ( ss :> Send [ Char ] a ) ( ss :> a ) () という型をもつ上のスレッドは、あるチャネルのセッション型を
Send [ Char ] a から a に変換します。つまり、スレッドはそのチャネルを
1 度 文字列を送るために使う、ということが型からわかります。 また、他のチャネルは使われないということもわかります。 整数を受け取った後にインクリメントして送り返し、その後( ) を送る
Main > : t typecheck1 $ \ c -> recv c >>>= \ x -> send c ( x + 1 ) >>> send c ( ) typecheck1 $ \ c -> recv c >>>= \ x -> send c ( x + 1 ) >>> send c ( ) :: ( Length ss l , Num a ) => Session t ( ss :> Recv a ( Send a ( Send ( ) a 1 ) ) ) ( ss :> a 1 ) ( ) チャネルcとdから受け取った和をチャネルcに返す
Main > : t typecheck2 $ \ c d -> recv c >>>= \ x -> recv d >>>= \ y -> send c ( x + y ) typecheck2 $ \ c d -> recv c >>>= \ x -> recv d >>>= \ y -> send c ( x + y ) :: ( Num a , Length ss l ) => Session t (( ss :> Recv a u ) :>
Recv a ( Send a a 1 ) ) ( ( ss :> u ) :> a 1 ) ()
見た目、型変数がたくさんあってややわかりづいらいですが、dのセッション型がRecv a uからuに、cのセッション型 がRecv a ( Send a a 1 ) からa1に変換されます 。
つまり dは型aの値 を1 度受信する。 cは型aの 値 を 1 度受信し 、1 度送信する ということが型からわかります。チャネル間のデータの流れはセッション型からはわかりません。 チャネル生成とスレッド生成 new というプリミティブでチャネルを生成し、 forkIOs というプリミティブで新しいスレッドを走らせることができます。
new はこんな型。 セッション 型Botをもつチャネルをひとつ環境に追加します 。 Main > : t new new :: ( Length ss l ) =>
Session t ss ( ss :> Bot ) ( Channel t l ) ixdo記法と組み合わせて、普通のdo記法っぽい記法が使えるようになります。( rebindable syntax でもいいかも ) ixdo記法は cabal install ixdoppして、{-# OPTIONS_GHC -F - pgmF ixdopp #-} をソースの最初に書けば使えます。 test = ixdo c <- new forkIOs ( send c " abc " ) x <- recv c io ( putStrLn x ) io は IO モ ナドのアクションを実行するためのコマンド。
Main > : t test test : :: ( Length ss ' l , Ended l ss ) => Session t ss ' ( ss ' :> End ) ()
Main > test abc * Main >
エラーの例 セッション型は、チャネルはちょうど2つのスレッドのみ所有できます。2つのスレッドにおいてチャネルの使われ方が整合しないと型エラーになります。
例えば、次のように 、 2つのプロセスが同じチャネルに同時に送信/受信するような場合は型エラーとして発見できます。
Main > new >>>= \ c -> forkIOs ( send c " 123 " ) >>> send c " 123 " Top level : Could n't match expected type ` Send [ Char ] a ' against inferred type ` Recv t' u ' '
When using functional dependencies to combine Comp ( Send t u ) ( Recv t' u ' )
Bot , arising from the dependency `s u -> t ' in the instance declaration at src / FullSession / TypeAlgebra.hs : 44 : 9 Comp ( Send [ Char ] a ) ( Send [ Char ] a ) Bot , arising from a use of `forkIOs ' at < interactive >: 1 : 15 - 36 本来 チャネルで受信すべきところを送信しているため、
Could n't match expected type ` Send [ Char ] a ' against inferred type ` Recv t' u '' というエラーがでています 。
UPDATE -UPDATE : I know what you ’re thinking .
The equation is crap !
Here ’s how you can help me fix it !
Everything you need to know to calculate the true size of the gadgets you carry .
There are way more factors than you may have considered .
I invite you to calculate yours , and post in the comments .
Use standard metric system for all measurements .
As for Planck ’s Apple Constant ( based on his original work on Planck ’s Constant ) , everyone knows that ’s a physical constant used to describe the size of the smallest iPod available used in the pricing of running arm bands and quantum mechanics .
Systemic Harris has helped us better define the Full Gadget Ratio , with an equation that has now been reflected in the above image .
Here ’s his breakdown :
On the FGR of Mobile Devices :
Clearly , FGR should be a measure of how bulky / inconvenient the object is , amortized over how useful it is .
So :
FGR , the base term at first glance should be affine in S , A , B , as these all contribute more or less additively to bulkiness .
T is an issue , though for now we can add it in as well .
I see lots of people use S*T or some such , which is clearly not right , though my S+T is n’t much better .
Really , the question is whether S is a volume , or the bulkiest dimension , or maybe , it ’s the largest face divided by the opposite direction ( screen size divided by thickness , say ) .
The question is whether S should be a measure of useful dimensions vs. non-useful dimension , like the latter , or a general matter of how bulky something is to carry around , so a simple volume , or the bulkiest dimension .
The interaction w/ T then plays into that .
Not sure the best way to handle it .
The most accurate would be to break S into the three dimensions and apply T directly , recomputing the volume , but that will complicate the device enormously .
So for now we leave it linear .
If a device is twice as useful , it ’s clearly functionally half as bulky , so divide by U .
Higher H makes it more useful , but how ?
On the one hand , H should essentially contribute to higher U , as you ca n’t use it if the battery is dead , so will use it more .
But only past a point , as if it can do , say , 24 or 48 hours w/ out recharge , it ’s not an inconvenience to recharge every so often .
So replacing 1/ U by ( 1 + 1 /H ) / U is good for bulkiness , as low H decreases effective usefulness a lot , but past a point high H is diminishing returns .
Additionally , though , H plays off against A , as the longer it lasts w/ out power the less you need to carry the power adapter around .
So perhaps replace the A term by A/H , that is , the bulk of the adaptors is reduced by you maybe not needing to carry them around .
Really this should be a threshold effect of some kind , though , where either you are carrying the adaptors around or you are n’t , so maybe multiply A by an appropriate shifted Heaviside function of H. Still , the linear approximation is ok for now .
And of course , that you rolled chargers & adapters into the same category muddles the issue .
The worry factor increases bulkiness , presumably linearly .
But , if newer versions are out , you do n’t mind it breaking as much because you want to buy the new one .
So there should be a W/N factor in there ( where obviously we must count N as the number of generations at least as new as this one , to avoid division by 0 ) .
Again , though once it is old enough you do n’t worry at all , but this should n’t go to 0 , so it should be ( 1+ W/N ) .
And the constant should definitely be used as a multiplier , to get the units ( whatever they are ) to come out right .
So maybe :
FGR = ( S + T + A/H + B ) * ( 1+1 / H ) /U * ( 1 + W/N ) * h , or reordered to look a little nicer
FGR = h ( 1+W/N ) ( 1+1/H ) ( S+T+A/H+B ) /
U
Order books by and about Robert Ingersoll now .
The Gods ( 1872 )
Robert Green Ingersoll
An honest God is the Noblest Work of Man .
Each nation has created a god , and the god has always resembled his creators .
He hated and loved what they hated and loved , and he was invariably found on the side of those in power .
Each god was intensely patriotic , and detested all nations but his own .
All these gods demanded praise , flattery , and worship .
Most of them were pleased with sacrifice , and the smell of innocent blood has ever been considered a divine perfume .
All these gods have insisted upon having a vast number of priests , and the priests have always insisted upon being supported by the people , and the principal business of these priests has been to boast about their god , and to insist that he could easily vanquish all the other gods put together .
These gods have been manufactured after numberless models , and according to the most grotesque fashions .
Some have a thousand arms , some a hundred heads , some are adorned with necklaces of living snakes , some are armed with clubs , some with sword and shield , some with bucklers , and some have wings as a cherub ; some were invisible , some would show themselves entire , and some would only show their backs ; some were jealous , some were foolish , some turned themselves into men , some into swans , some into bulls , some into doves , and some into Holy Ghosts , and made love to the beautiful daughters of men .
Some were married -- all ought to have been -- and some were considered as old bachelors from all eternity .
Some had children , and the children were turned into gods and worshiped as their fathers had been .
Most of these gods were revengeful , savage , lustful , and ignorant .
As they generally depended upon their priests for information , their ignorance can hardly excite our astonishment .
These gods did not even know the shape of the worlds they had created , but supposed them perfectly flat .
Some thought the day could be lengthened by stopping the sun , that the blowing of horns could throw down the walls of a city , and all knew so little of the real nature of the people they had created , that they commanded the people to love them .
Some were so ignorant as to suppose that man could believe just as he might desire , or as they might command , and that to be governed by observation , reason , and experience was a most foul and damning sin .
None of these gods could give a true account of the creation of this little earth .
All were woefully deficient in geology and astronomy .
As a rule , they were most miserable legislators , and as executives , they were far inferior to the average of American presidents .
These deities have demanded the most abject and degrading obedience .
In order to please them , man must lay his very face in the dust .
Of course , they have always been partial to the people who created them , and have generally shown their partiality by assisting those people to rob and destroy others , and to ravish their wives and daughters .
Nothing is so pleasing to these gods as the butchery of unbelievers .
Nothing so enrages them , even now , as to have someone deny their existence .
Few nations have been so poor as to have but one god .
Gods were made so easily , and the raw material cost so little , that generally the god market was fairly glutted , and heaven crammed with these phantoms .
These gods not only attended to the skies , but were supposed to interfere in all the affairs of men .
They presided over everybody and everything .
They attended to every department .
All was supposed to be under their immediate control .
Nothing was too small -- nothing too large ; the falling of sparrows and the motions of the planets were alike attended to by these industrious and observing deities .
From their starry thrones they frequently came to earth for the purpose of imparting information to man .
It is related of one that he came amid thunderings and lightnings in order to tell the people that they should not cook a kid in its mother 's milk .
Some left their shining abodes to tell women that they should , or should not , have children , to inform a priest how to cut and wear his apron , and to give directions as to the proper manner of cleaning the intestines of a bird .
When the people failed to worship one of these gods , or failed to feed and clothe his priests , ( which was much the same thing , ) he generally visited them with pestilence and famine .
Sometimes he allowed some other nation to drag them into slavery -- to sell their wives and children ; but generally he glutted his vengeance by murdering their firstborn .
The priests always did their whole duty , not only in predicting these calamities , but in proving , when they did happen , that they were brought upon the people because they had not given quite enough to them .
These gods differed just as the nations differed ; the greatest and most powerful nations had the most powerful gods , while the weaker ones were obliged to content themselves with the very off - scourings of the heavens .
Each of these gods promised happiness here and hereafter to all his slaves , and threatened to eternally punish all who either disbelieved in his existence or suspected that some other god might be his superior ; but to deny the existence of all gods was , and is , the crime of crimes .
Redden your hands with human blood ; blast by slander the fair fame of the innocent ; strangle the smiling child upon its mother 's knees ; deceive , ruin and desert the beautiful girl who loves and trusts you , and your case is not hopeless .
For all this , and for all these you may be forgiven .
For all this , and for all these , that bankrupt court established by the gospel , will give you a discharge ; but deny the existence of these divine ghosts , of these gods , and the sweet and tearful face of Mercy becomes livid with eternal hate .
Heaven 's golden gates are shut , and you , with an infinite curse ringing in your ears , with the brand of infamy upon your brow , commence your endless wanderings in the lurid gloom of hell -- an immortal vagrant -- an eternal outcast -- a deathless convict .
One of these gods , and one who demands our love , our admiration and our worship , and one who is worshiped , if mere heartless ceremony is worship , gave to his chosen people for their guidance , the following laws of war : " When thou comest nigh unto a city to fight against it , then proclaim peace unto it .
And it shall be if it make thee answer of peace , and open unto thee , then it shall be that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee , and they shall serve thee .
And if it will make no peace with thee , but will make war against thee , then thou shalt besiege it .
And when the Lord thy God hath delivered it into thy hands , thou shalt smite every male thereof with the edge of the sword .
But the women and the little ones , and the cattle , and all that is in the city , even all the spoil thereof , shalt thou take unto thyself , and thou shalt eat the spoil of thine enemies which the Lord thy God hath given thee .
Thus shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off from thee , which are not of the cities of these nations .
But of the cities of these people which the Lord thy God doth give thee for an inheritance , thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth . "
Is it possible for man to conceive of anything more perfectly infamous ?
Can you believe that such directions were given by any being except an infinite fiend ?
Remember that the army receiving these instructions was one of invasion .
Peace was offered upon condition that the people submitting should be the slaves of the invader ; but if any should have the courage to defend their homes , to fight for the love of wife and child , then the sword was to spare none -- not even the prattling , dimpled babe .
And we are called upon to worship such a God ; to get upon our knees and tell him that he is good , that he is merciful , that he is just , that he is love .
We are asked to stifle every noble sentiment of the soul , and to trample under foot all the sweet charities of the heart .
Because we refuse to stultify ourselves -- refuse to become liars -- we are denounced , hated , traduced and ostracized here , and this same god threatens to torment us in eternal fire the moment death allows him to fiercely clutch our naked helpless souls .
Let the people hate , let the god threaten -- we will educate them , and we will despise and defy the god .
The book , called the Bible , is filled with passages equally horrible , unjust and atrocious .
This is the book to be read in schools in order to make our children loving , kind and gentle !
This is the book they wish to be recognized in our Constitution as the source of all authority and justice !
Strange ! that no one has ever been persecuted by the church for believing God bad , while hundreds of millions have been destroyed for thinking him good .
The orthodox church never will forgive the Universalist for saying " God is love . "
It has always been considered as one of the very highest evidences of true and undefiled religion to insist that all men , women and children deserve eternal damnation .
It has always been heresy , to say , " God will at last save all "
We are asked to justify these frightful passages , these infamous laws of war , because the Bible is the word of God .
As a matter of fact , there never was , and there never can be , an argument even tending to prove the inspiration of any book whatever .
In the absence of positive evidence , analogy and experience , argument is simply impossible , and at the very best , can amount only to a useless agitation of the air .
The instant we admit that a book is too sacred to be doubted , or even reasoned about , we are mental serfs .
It is infinitely absurd to suppose that a god would Address a communication to intelligent beings , and yet make it a crime , to be punished in eternal flames , for them to use their intelligence for the purpose of understanding his communication .
If we have the right to use our reason , we certainly have the right to act in accordance with it , and no god can have the right to punish us for such action .
The doctrine that future happiness depends upon belief is monstrous .
It is the infamy of infamies .
The notion that faith in Christ is to be rewarded by an eternity of bliss , while a dependence upon reason , observation and experience merits everlasting pain , is too absurd for refutation , and can be relieved only by that unhappy mixture of insanity and ignorance , called " faith . "
What man , who ever thinks , can believe that blood can appease God ?
And yet , our entire system of religion is based upon that believe .
The Jews pacified Jehovah with the blood of animals , and according to the Christian system , the blood of Jesus softened the heart of God a little , and rendered possible the salvation of a fortunate few .
It is hard to conceive how the human mind can give assent to such terrible ideas , or how any sane man can read the Bible and still believe in the doctrine of inspiration .
Whether the Bible is true or false , is of no consequence in comparison with the mental freedom of the race .
Salvation through slavery is worthless .
Salvation from slavery is inestimable .
As long as man believes the Bible to be infallible , that book is his master .
The civilization of this century is not the child of faith , but of unbelief -- the result of free thought .
All that is necessary , as it seems to me , to convince any reasonable person that the Bible is simply and purely of human invention -- of barbarian invention -- is to read it .
Read it as you would any other book ; think of it as you would of any other ; get the bandage of reverence from your eyes ; drive from your heart the phantom of fear ; push from the throne of your brain the coiled form of superstition -- then read the Holy Bible , and you will be amazed that you ever , for one moment , supposed a being of infinite wisdom , goodness and purity , to be the author of such ignorance and of such atrocity .
Our ancestors not only had their god- factories , but they made devils as well .
These devils were generally disgraced and fallen gods .
Some had headed unsuccessful revolts ; some had been caught sweetly reclining in the shadowy folds of some fleecy cloud , kissing the wife of the god of gods .
These devils generally sympathized with man .
There is in regard to them a most wonderful fact :
In nearly all the theologies , mythologies and religions , the devils have been much more humane and merciful than the gods .
No devil ever gave one of his generals an order to kill children and to rip open the bodies of pregnant women .
Such barbarities were always ordered by the good gods .
The pestilences were sent by the most merciful gods .
The frightful famine , during which the dying child with pallid lips sucked the withered bosom of a dead mother , was sent by the loving gods .
No devil was ever charged with such fiendish brutality .
One of these gods , according to the account , drowned an entire world with the exception of eight persons .
The old , the young , the beautiful and the helpless were remorsely devoured by the shoreless sea .
This , the most fearful tragedy that the imagination of ignorant priests ever conceived , was the act , not of a devil , but of a god , so - called , whom men ignorantly worship unto this day .
What a stain such an act would leave upon the character of a devil !
One of the prophets of one of these gods , having in his power a captured king , hewed him in pieces in the sight of all the people .
Was ever any imp of any devil guilty of such savagery ?
One of these gods is reported to have given the following directions concerning human slavery : " If thou buy a Hebrew servant , six years shall he serve , and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing .
If he came in by himself , he shall go out by himself ; if he were married , then his wife shall go out with him .
If his master have given him a wife , and she have borne him sons or daughters , the wife and her children shall be her master 's , and he shall go out by himself .
And if the servant shall plainly say , I love my master , my wife and my children ; I will not go out free .
Then his master shall bring him unto the judges : he shall also bring him unto the door , or unto the doorpost ; and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl ; and he shall serve him forever . "
According to this , a man was given liberty upon condition that he would desert forever his wife and children .
Did any devil ever force upon a husband , upon a father , so cruel and so heartless an alternative ?
Who can worship such a god ?
Who can bend the knee to such a monster ?
Who can pray to such a fiend ?
All these gods threatened to torment forever the souls of their enemies .
Did any devil ever make so infamous a threat ?
The basest thing recorded of the devil , is what he did concerning Job and his family , and that was done by the express permission of one of these gods , and to decide a little difference of opinion between their serene highnesses as to the character of " my servant Job . "
The first account we have of the devil is found in that purely scientific book called Genesis , and is as follows : " Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made , and he said unto the woman , Yea , hath God said , Ye shall not eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden ?
And the woman said unto the serpent ,
We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden ; but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden God hath said , Ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
And the serpent said unto the woman , Ye shall not surely die .
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof , then your eyes shall be opened and ye shall be as gods , knowing good and evil .
And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was pleasant to the eyes , and a tree to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof and did eat , and gave also unto her husband with her , and he did eat .
* * And the Lord God said Behold the man is become as one of us , to know good and evil ; and now , lest he put forth his hand , and take also of the tree of life : and eat , and live forever .
Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the Garden of Eden to till the ground from which he was taken .
So he drove out the man , and he placed at the east of the Garden of Eden cherubim and a flaming sword , which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life . "
According to this account the promise of the devil was fulfilled to the very letter , Adam and Eve did not die , and they did become as gods , knowing good and evil .
The account shows , however , that the gods dreaded education and knowledge then just as they do now .
The church still faithfully guards the dangerous tree of knowledge , and has exerted in all ages her utmost power to keep mankind from eating the fruit thereof .
The priests have never ceased repeating the old falsehood and the old threat : " Ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die . "
From every pulpit comes the same cry , born of the same fear : " Lest they eat and become as gods , knowing good and evil . "
For this reason , religion hates science , faith detests reason , theology is the sworn enemy of philosophy , and the church with its flaming sword still guards the hated tree , and like its supposed founder , curses to the lowest depths the brave thinkers who eat and become as gods .
If the account given in Genesis is really true , ought we not , after all , to thank this serpent ?
He was the first schoolmaster , the first advocate of learning , the first enemy of ignorance , the first to whisper in human ears the sacred word liberty , the creator of ambition , the author of modesty , of inquiry , of doubt , of investigation , of progress and of civilization .
Give me the storm and tempest of thought and action , rather than the dead calm of ignorance and faith !
Banish me from Eden when you will ; but first let me eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge !
Some nations have borrowed their gods ; of this number , we are compelled to say , is our own .
The Jews having ceased to exist as a nation , and having no further use for a god , our ancestors appropriated him and adopted their devil at the same time .
This borrowed god is still an object of some adoration , and this adopted devil still excites the apprehensions of our people .
He is still supposed to be setting his traps and snares for the purpose of catching our unwary souls , and is still , with reasonable success , waging the old war against our God .
To me , it seems easy to account for these ideas concerning gods and devils .
They are a perfectly natural production .
Man has created them all , and under the same circumstances would create them again .
Man has not only created all these gods , but he has created them out of the materials by which he has been surrounded .
Generally he has modeled them after himself , and has given them hands , heads , feet , eyes , ears .
and organs of speech .
Each nation made its gods and devils speak its language not only , but put in their mouths the same mistakes in history , geography , astronomy , and in all matters of fact , generally made by the people .
No god was ever in advance of the nation that created him .
The negroes represented their deities with black skins and curly hair .
The Mongolian gave to his a yellow complexion and dark almond - shaped eyes .
The Jews ware not allowed to paint theirs , or we should have seen Jehovah with a full beard , an oval face , and an aquiline nose .
Zeus was a perfect Greek , and Jove looked as though a member of the Roman senate .
The gods of Egypt had the patient face and placid look of the loving people who made them .
The gods of northern countries were represented warmly clad in robes of fur ; those of the tropics were naked .
The gods of India were often mounted upon elephants ; those of some islanders were great swimmers , and the deities of the Arctic zone were passionately fond of whale 's blubber .
Nearly all people have carved or painted representations of their gods , and these representations were , by the lower classes , generally treated as the real gods , and to these images and idols they addressed prayers and offered sacrifice .
In some countries , even at this day , if the people after long praying do not obtain their desires , they turn their images off as impotent gods , or upbraid them in a most reproachful manner , loading them with blows and curses ' How now , dog of a spirit , ' they say , 'we give you lodging in a magnificent temple , we gild you with gold , feed you with the choicest food , and offer incense to you ; yet , after all this care , you are so ungrateful as to refuse us what we ask . '
Hereupon they will pull the god down and drug him through the filth of the street .
If , in the meantime , it happens that they obtain their request , then , with a great deal of ceremony , they wash him clean , carry him back and place him in his temple again , where they fall down and make excuses for what they have done .
' Of a truth , ' they say , 'we were a little too hasty , and you were a little too long in your grant .
Why should you bring this beating on yourself .
But what is done can not be undone .
Let us not think of it any more .
If you will forget what is past we will gild you over brighter again than before . "
Man has never been at a loss for gods .
He has worshiped almost everything , including the vilest and most disgusting beasts .
He has worshiped fire , earth , air , water , light , stars , and for hundreds of ages prostrated himself before enormous snakes .
Savage tribes often make gods of articles they get from civilized people .
The Todas worship a cow - bell .
The Kotas worship two silver plates , which they regard as husband and wife , and another tribe manufactured a god out of a king of hearts .
Man , having always been the physical superior of woman , accounts for the fact that most of the high gods have been males .
Had woman been the physical superior , the powers supposed to be the rulers of Nature would have been women , and instead of being represented in the apparel of man , they would have luxuriated in trains , low necked dresses , laces and back hair .
Nothing can be plainer than that each nation gives to its god its peculiar characteristics , and that every individual gives to his god his personal peculiarities .
Man has no ideas , and can have none , except those suggested by his surroundings .
He cannot conceive of anything utterly unlike what he has seen or felt .
He can exaggerate , diminish , combine , separate , deform , beautify , improve , multiply and compare what he sees , what he feels , what he hears , and all of which he takes cognizance through the medium of the senses ; but he cannot create .
Having seen exhibitions of power , he can say , omnipotent .
Having lived , he can say , immortality .
Knowing something of time , he can say , eternity .
Conceiving something of intelligence , he can say , God .
Having seen exhibitions of malice , he can say , devil .
A few glean's of happiness having fallen athwart the gloom of his life , he can say , heaven .
Pain , in its numberless forms , having been experienced , he can say , hell .
Yet all these ideas have a foundation in fact , and only a foundation .
The superstructure has been reared by exaggerating , diminishing , combining , separating , deforming , beautifying , improving or multiplying realities , so that the edifice or fabric is but the incongruous grouping of what man has perceived through the medium of the senses .
It is as though we should give to a lion the wings of an eagle , the hoofs of a bison , the tail of a horse , the pouch of a kangaroo , and the trunk of an elephant .
We have in imagination created an impossible monster , and yet the various parts of this monster really exist .
So it is with all the gods that man has made .
Beyond nature man cannot go even in thought -- above nature he cannot rise -- below nature he cannot fall .
Man , in his ignorance , supposed that all phenomena were produced by some intelligent powers , and with direct reference to him .
To preserve friendly relations with these powers was , and still is , the object of all religions .
Man knelt through fear and to implore assistance , or though gratitude for some favor which he supposed had been rendered .
He endeavored by supplication to appease some being who , for some reason , had , as he believed , become enraged .
The lightning and thunder terrified him .
In the presence of the volcano he sank upon his knees .
The great forests filled with wild and ferocious beasts , the monstrous serpents crawling in mysterious depths , the boundless sea , the flaming comets , the sinister eclipses , the awful calmness of the stars , and , more than all , the perpetual presence of death , convinced him that he was the sport and prey of unseen and malignant powers .
The strange and frightful diseases to which he was subject , the freezing and burnings of fever , the contortions of epilepsy , the sudden palsies , the darkness of night , and the wild , terrible and fantastic dreams that filled his brain , salified him that he was haunted and pursued by countless spirits of evil .
For some reason he supposed that these spirits differed in power -- that they were not all alike malevolent -- that the higher controlled the lower , and that his very existence depended upon gaining the assistance of the more powerful .
For this purpose he resorted to prayer , to flattery , to worship and to sacrifice .
These ideas appear to have been almost universal in savage man .
For ages all nations supposed that the sick and insane were possessed by evil spirits .
For thousands of years the practice of medicine consisted in frightening these spirits away .
Usually the priests would make the loudest and most discordant noises possible .
They would blow horns , beat upon rude drums , clash cymbals , and in the meantime utter the most unearthly yells .
If the noise remedy failed , they would implore the aid of some more powerful spirit .
To pacify these spirits was considered of infinite importance .
The poor barbarian , knowing that men could be softened by gifts , gave to these spirits that which to him seemed of the most value .
With bursting heart he would offer the blood of his dearest child .
It was impossible for him to conceive of a god utterly unlike himself , and he naturally supposed that these powers of the air would be affected a little at the sight of so great and so deep a sorrow .
It was with the barbarian then as with the civilized now -- one class lived upon and made merchandise of the fears of another .
Certain persons took it upon themselves to appease the gods , and to instruct the people in their duties to these unseen powers .
This was the origin of the priesthood .
The priest pretended to stand between the wrath of the gods and the helplessness of man .
He was man 's attorney at the court of heaven .
He carried to the invisible world a flag of truce , a protest and a request .
He came back with a command , with authority and with power .
Man fell upon his knees before his own servant , and the priest , taking advantage of the awe inspired by his supposed influence with the gods , made of his fellowman a cringing hypocrite and slave .
Even Christ , the supposed son of God , taught that persons were possessed of evil spirits , and frequently , according to the account , gave proof of his divine origin and mission by frightening droves of devils out of his unfortunate countrymen .
Casting out devils was his principal employment , and the devils thus banished generally took occasion to acknowledge him as the true Messiah ; which was not only very kind of them , but quite fortunate for him .
The religious people have always regarded the testimony of these devils as perfectly conclusive and the writers of the New Testament quote the words of these imps of darkness with great satisfaction .
The fact that Christ could withstand the temptations of the devil was considered as conclusive evidence that he was assisted by some god , or at least by some being superior to man .
St. Matthew gives an account of an attempt made by the devil to tempt the supposed son of God ; and it has always excited the wonder of Christians that the temptation was so nobly and heroically withstood .
The account to which I refer is as follows :
" Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil .
And when the tempter came to him , he said : ' If thou be the son of God , command that these stones be made bread . '
But he answered , and said : ' It is written : man shall not live by bread alone , but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God .
Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city and setteth him upon a pinnacle of the temple and saith unto him : " If thou be the son of God , cast thyself down ; for it is written , He shall give his angels charge concerning thee , lest at any time thou shalt dash thy foot against a stone . '
Jesus said unto him :
' It is written again , thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God . '
Again the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them , and saith unto him : ' All these will I give thee if thou wilt fall down and worship me . "
The Christians now claim that Jesus was God .
If he was God , of course the devil knew that fact , and yet , according to this account , the devil took the omnipotent God and placed him upon a pinnacle of the temple , and endeavored to induce him to dash himself against the earth .
Failing in that , he took the creator , owner and governor of the universe up into an exceeding high mountain and offered him this world -- this grain of sand -- if he , the God of all the worlds , would fall down and worship him , a poor devil , without even a tax title to one foot of dirt !
Is it possible the devil was such an idiot ?
Should any great credit be given to this deity fear not being caught with such chaff ?
Think of it !
The devil -- the prince of sharpers -- the king of cunning -- the master of finesse , trying to bribe God with a grain of sand that belonged to God !
Is there in all the religious literature of the world anything more grossly absurd than this ?
These devils , according to the Bible , were of various kinds -- some could speak and hear , others were deaf and dumb .
All could not be cast out in the same way .
The deaf and dumb spirits were quite difficult to deal with .
St. Mark tells of a gentleman who brought his son to Christ .
The boy , it seems , was possessed of a dumb spirit , over which the disciples had no control , " Jesus said unto the spirit : ' Thou dumb and deaf spirit , I charge thee come out of him , and enter no more into him . "
Whereupon , the deaf spirit ( having heard what was said ) cried out ( being dumb ) and immediately vacated the premises .
The ease with , which Christ controlled this deaf and dumb spirit excited the wonder of his disciples , and they asked him privately why they could not cast that spirit out .
To whom he replied : " This kind can come forth by nothing but prayer and fasting "
Is there a Christian in the whole world who would believe such a story if found in any other book ?
The trouble is , these pious people shut up their reason , and then open their Bible .
In the olden times the existence of devils was universally admitted .
The people had no doubt upon that subject , and from such belief it followed as a matter of course , that a person , in order to vanquish these devils , had either to be a god , or to be assisted by one .
All founders of religions have established their claims to divine origin by controlling evil spirits and suspending the laws of nature .
Casting out devils was a certificate of divinity .
A prophet , unable to cope with the powers of darkness was regarded with contempt .
The utterance of the highest and noblest sentiments , the most blameless and holy life , commanded but little respect , unless accompanied by power to work miracles and command spirits .
This belief in good and evil powers had its origin in the fact that man was surrounded by what he was pleased to call good and evil phenomena .
Phenomena affecting man pleasantly were ascribed to good spirits , while those affecting him unpleasantly or injuriously , were ascribed to evil spirits .
It being admitted that all phenomena were produced by spirits .
the spirits were divided according to the phenomena , and the phenomena were good or bad as they affected man .
Good spirits were supposed to be the authors of good phenomena , and evil spirits of the evil -- so that the idea of a devil has been as universal as the idea of a god .
Many writers maintain that an idea to become universal must be true ; that all universal ideas are innate , and that innate ideas can not he false .
If the fact that an idea has been universal proves that it is innate , and if the fact that an idea is innate proves that it is correct .
then the believers in innate ideas must admit that the evidence of a god superior to nature , and of a devil superior to nature , is exactly the same , and that the existence of such a devil must be as self - evident as the existence of such a god .
The truth is , a god was inferred from good , and a devil from bad , phenomena .
And it is just as natural and logical to suppose that a devil would cause happiness as to suppose that a god would produce misery .
Consequently , if an intelligence , infinite and supreme , is the immediate author of all phenomena , it is difficult to determine whether such intelligence is the friend or enemy of man .
If phenomena were all good , we might say they were all produced by a perfectly beneficent being .
If they were all bad , we might say they were produced by a perfectly malevolent power ; but , as phenomena are as they affect man , both good and bad , they must be produced by different and antagonistic spirits ; by one who is sometimes actuated by kindness , and sometimes by malice ; or all must be produced of necessity , and without reference to their consequences upon man .
The foolish doctrine that all phenomena can be traced to the interference of good and evil spirits , has been , and still is , almost universal .
That most people still believe in some spirit that can change the natural order of events , is proven by the fact that nearly all resort to prayer .
Thousands , at this very moment , are probably imploring some supposed power to interfere in their behalf .
Some want health restored ; some ask that the loved and absent be watched over and protected , some pray for riches , some for rain , some want diseases stayed , some vainly ask for food , some ask for revivals , a few ask for more wisdom , and now and then one tells the Lord to do as he may think best .
Thousands ask to be protect from the devil ; some , like David , pray for revenge , and some implore even God , not to lead them into temptation .
All these prayers rest upon , and are produced by , the idea that some power not only can , but probably will , change the order of the universe .
This belief has been among the great majority of tribes and nations .
All sacred books are filled with the accounts of such interferences , and our own Bible is no exception to this rule .
If we believe in a power superior to nature , it is perfectly natural to suppose that such power can and will interfere in the affairs of this world .
If there is no interference , of what practical use can such power be ?
The Scriptures give us the most wonderful accounts of divine interference : Animals talk like men ; springs gurgle from dry bones ; the sun and moon stop in the heavens in order that General Joshua may have more time to murder ; the shadow on a dial goes back ten degrees to convince a petty king of a barbarous people that he is not going to die of a boil ; fire refuses to burn ; water positively declines to seek its level , but stands up like a wall ; grains of sand become lice ; common walking - sticks , to gratify a mere freak , twist themselves into serpents , and then swallow each other by way of exercise , murmuring streams , laughing at the attraction of gravitation , run up hill for years , following wandering tribes from a pure love of frolic ; prophecy becomes altogether easier than history ; the sons of God become enamored of the world 's girls ; women are changed into salt for the purpose of keeping a great event fresh in the minds of man an excellent article of brimstone is imported from heave n free of duty ; clothes refuse to wear out for forty years ; birds keep restaurants and feed wandering prophets free of expense ; bears tear children in pieces for laughing at old men without wigs ; muscular development depends upon the length of one 's hair ; dead people come to life , simply to get a joke on their enemies and heirs ; witches and wizards converse freely with the souls of the departed , and God himself become a stone - cutter and engraver , after having been a tailor and dressmaker .
The veil between heaven and earth was always rent or lifted .
The shadows of this world , the radiance of heaven , and the glare of hell mixed and mingled until man became uncertain as to which country he really inhabited .
Man dwelt in an unreal world .
He mistook his ideas , his dreams , for real things .
His fears became terrible and malicious monsters .
He lived in the midst of furies and fairies , nymphs and maids , goblins and ghosts , witches and wizards , sprites and spooks , deities and devils .
The obscure and gloomy depths were filled with claw and wing -- with beak and hoof -- with leering looks and sneering mouths -- with the malice of deformity with the cunning of hatred , and with all the slimy forms that fear can draw and paint upon the shadowy canvas of the dark .
It is enough to make one almost insane with pity to think what man in the long night has suffered ; of the tortures he has endured , surrounded , us he supposed , by malignant powers and clutched by the fierce phantoms of the air .
No wonder that he fell upon his trembling knees that he built altars and reddened them even with his own blood .
No wonder that he implored ignorant priests and impudent magicians for aid .
No wonder that he crawled groveling in the dust to the temple 's door , and there , in the insanity of despair , besought the deaf gods to hear his bitter cry of agony and fear .
The savage as he emerges from a state of barbarism , gradually loses faith in his idols of wood and stone , and in their place puts a multitude of spirits .
As he advances in knowledge , he generally discards the petty spirits , and in their stead believes in one , whom he supposes to be infinite and supreme .
Supposing this great spirit to be superior to nature , he offers worship or flattery in exchange for assistance .
At last , finding that he obtains no aid from this supposed deity -- finding that every search after the absolute must of necessity end in failure -- finding that man cannot by any possibility conceive of the conditionless -- he begins to investigate the facts by which he is surrounded , and to depend upon himself .
The people are beginning to think , to reason and to investigate .
Slowly , painfully , but surely , the gods are being driven from the earth .
Only upon rare occasions are they , even by the most religious , supposed to interfere in the affairs of men .
In most matters we are at last supposed to be free .
Since the invention of steamships and railways , so that the products of all countries can be easily interchanged , the gods have quit the business of producing famine .
Now and then they kill a child because it is idolized by its parents .
As a rule they have given up causing accidents on railroads , exploding boilers , and bursting kerosene lamps .
Cholera , yellow fever , and small - pox are still considered heavenly weapons ; but measles , itch and ague are now attributed to natural causes .
As a general thing , the gods have stopped drowning children , except as a punishment for violating the Sabbath .
They still pay some attention to the affairs of kings , men of genius and persons of great wealth ; but ordinary people are left to shirk for themselves as best they may .
In wars between great nations , the gods still interfere ; but in prize fights , the best man with an honest referee , is almost sure to win .
The church cannot abandon the idea of special providence .
To give up that doctrine is to give up all .
The church must insist that prayer is answered -- that some power superior to nature hears and grants the request of the sincere and humble Christian , and that this same power in some mysterious way provides for all .
A devout clergyman sought every opportunity to impress upon the mind of his son the fact that God takes care of all his creatures ; that the falling sparrow attracts his attention , and that his loving kindness is over all his works .
Happening , one day , to see a crane wading in quest of food .
the good man pointed out to his son the perfect adaptation of the crane to get his living in that manner .
" See , " said he , " how his legs are formed for wading !
What a long slender bill he has !
Observe how nicely he folds his feet when putting them in or drawing them out of the water !
He does not cause the slightest ripple .
He is thus enabled to approach the fish without giving them any notice of his arrival " " My son , " said he , " it is impossible to look at that bird without recognizing the design , as well as the goodness of God , in thus providing the means of subsistence . "
" Yes , " replied the boy , " I think I see the goodness of God , at least so far as the crane is concerned ; but after all , father , do n't you think the arrangement a little tough on the fish ? "
Even the advanced religionist , although disbelieving in any great amount of interference by the gods in this age of the world , still thinks that in the beginning , some god made the laws governing the universe .
He believes that in consequence of these laws a man can lift a greater weight with , than without , a lever ; that this god so made matter , and so established the order of things , that two bodies cannot occupy the same space at the same time ; so that a body once put in motion will keep moving until it is stopped ; so that it is a greater distance around , than across a circle ; so that a perfect square has four equal sides , instead of five or seven .
He insists that it took a direct interposition of Providence to make the whole greater than a part , and that had it not been for this power superior to nature , twice one might have been more than twice two , and sticks and strings might have had only one end apiece .
Like the old Scotch divine , he thanks God that Sunday comes at the end instead of in the middle of the week , and that death comes at the close instead of at the commencement of life , thereby giving us time to prepare for that holy day and that most solemn event .
These religious people see nothing but design everywhere , and personal intelligent interference in everything .
They insist that the universe has been created , and that the adaptation of means to ends is perfectly apparent
They point us to the sunshine , to the flowers , to the April rain , and to all there is of beauty and of use in the world .
Did it ever occur to them that a cancer is as beautiful in its development as is the reddest rose ?
That what they are pleased to call the adaptation of means to ends , is as apparent in the cancer as in the April rain ?
How beautiful the process of digestion !
By what ingenious methods the blood is poisoned so that the cancer shall have food !
By what wonderful contrivances the entire system of man is made to pay tribute to this divine and charming cancer !
See by what admirable instrumentalities it feeds itself from the surrounding quivering , dainty flesh !
See how it gradually but surely expands and grows !
By what marvelous mechanism it is supplied with long and slender roots that reach out to the most secret nerves of pain for sustenance and life !
What beautiful colors it presents !
Seen through the microscope it is a miracle of order and beauty .
All the ingenuity of man cannot stop its growth .
Think of the amount of thought it must have required to invent a way by which the life of one man might be given to produce one cancer ?
Is it possible to look upon it and doubt that there is design in the universe , and that the inventor of this wonderful cancer must be infinitely powerful , ingenious and good ?
We are told that the universe was designed and created , and that it is absurd to suppose that matter has existed from eternity , but that it is perfectly self - evident that a god has .
If a god created the universe , then , there must have been a time when he commenced to create .
Back of that time there must have been an eternity , during which there had existed nothing -- absolutely nothing -- except this supposed god .
According to this theory , this god spent an eternity , so to speak , in an infinite vacuum , and in perfect idleness .
Admitting that a god did create the universe , the question then arises , of what did he create it ?
It certainly was not made of nothing .
Nothing considered in the light of a raw material is a most decided failure .
It follows , then that the god must have made the universe out of himself , he being the only existence .
The universe is material , and if it was made of god , the god must have been material .
With this very thought in his mind , Anaximander of Miletus said : " Creation is the decomposition of the infinite . "
It has been demonstrated that the earth would fall to the sun , only for the fact , that it is attracted by other worlds , and those worlds must be attracted by other worlds still beyond them , and so on , without end .
This proves the material universe to be infinite .
If an infinite universe has been made out of an infinite god , how much of the god is left ?
The idea of a creative deity is gradually being abandoned , and nearly all truly scientific minds admit that matter must have existed from eternity .
It is indestructible , and the indestructible cannot be created .
It is the crowning glory of our century to have demonstrated the indestructibility and the eternal persistence of force .
Neither matter nor force can be increased nor diminished .
Force can not exist apart from matter .
Matter exists only in connection with force , and consequently , a force apart from matter , and superior to nature , is a demonstrated impossibility .
Force , then , must have also existed from eternity , and could not have been created .
Matter in its countless forms , from dead earth to the eyes of those we love , and force , in all its manifestations , from simple motion to the grandest thought deny creation and defy control .
Thought is a form of force .
We walk with the same force with which we think .
Man is an organism .
that changes several forms of force into thought - force .
Man is a machine into which we put what we call food , and produce what we call thought .
Think of that wonderful chemistry by which bread was changed into the divine tragedy of Hamlet !
A god must not only be material , but he must be an organism , capable of changing other forms of force into thought - force .
This is what we call eating .
Therefore , if the god thinks , he must eat , that is to say , he must of necessity have some means of supplying the force with which to think .
It is impossible to conceive of a being who can eternally impart force to matter , and yet have no means of supplying the force thus imparted .
If neither matter nor force were created , what evidence have we , then , of the existence of a power superior to nature ?
The theologian will probably reply , " We have law and order , cause and effect , and beside all this , matter could not have put itself in motion . "
Suppose , for the sake of the argument , that there is no being superior to nature , and that matter and force have existed from eternity .
Now , suppose that two atoms should come together , would there be an effect ?
Yes .
Suppose they came in exactly opposite directions with equal force , they would be stopped , to say the least .
This would be an effect .
If this is so , then you have matter , force and effect without a being superior to nature .
Now , suppose that two other atoms , just like the first two , should come together under precisely the same circumstances , would not the effect be exactly the same ?
Yes .
Like causes , producing like effects , is what we mean by law and order .
Then we have matter , force , effect , law and order without a being superior to nature .
Now , we know that every effect must also be a cause , and that every cause must be an effect .
The atoms coming together did produce an effect , and as every effect must also be a cause , the effect produced by the collision of the atoms , must as to something else have been a cause .
Then we have matter , force , law , order , cause and effect without a being superior to nature .
Nothing is left for the supernatural but empty space .
His throne is a void , and his boasted realm is without matter , without force , without law , without cause , and without effect .
But what put all this matter in motion ?
If matter and force have existed from eternity , then matter must have always been in motion , there can be no force without motion .
Force is forever active , and there is , and there can be no cessation .
If , therefore , matter and force have existed from eternity , so has motion .
In the whole universe there is not even one atom in a state of rest .
A deity outside of nature exists in nothing , and is nothing .
Nature embraces with infinite arms all matter and all force .
That which is beyond her grasp is destitute of both , and can hardly be worth the worship and adoration even of a man .
There is but one way to demonstrate the existence of a power independent of and superior to nature , and that is by breaking , if only for one moment , the continuity of cause and effect .
Pluck from the endless chain of existence one little link ; stop for one instant the grand procession and you have shown beyond all contradiction that nature has a master .
Change the fact , just for one second , that matter attracts matter , and a god appears .
The rudest savage has always known this fact , and for that reason always demanded the evidence of miracle .
The founder of a religion must be able to turn water into wine -- cure with a word the blind and lame , and raise with a simple touch the dead to life .
It was necessary for him to demonstrate to the satisfaction of his barbarian disciple , that he was superior to nature .
In times of ignorance this was easy to do .
The credulity of the savage was almost boundless .
To him the marvelous was the beautiful , the mysterious was the sublime .
Consequently , every religion has for its foundation a miracle -- that is to say , a violation of nature -- that is to say , a falsehood .
No one , in the world 's whole history , ever attempted to substantiate a truth by a miracle .
Truth scorns the assistance of miracle .
Nothing but falsehood ever attested itself by signs and wonders .
No miracle ever was performed , and no sane man ever thought he had performed one , and until one is performed , there can be no evidence of the existence of any power superior to , and independent of nature .
The church wishes us to believe .
Let the church , or one of its intellectual saints , perform a miracle , and we will believe .
We are told that nature has a superior .
Let this superior , for one single instant , control nature , and we will admit the truth of your assertions .
We have heard talk enough .
We have listened to all the drowsy , idealess , vapid sermons that we wish to hear .
We have read your Bible and the works of your best minds .
We have heard your prayers , your solemn groans and your reverential amens .
All these amount to less than nothing .
We want one fact .
We beg at the doors of your churches for just one little fact .
We pass our hats along your pews and under your pulpits and implore you for just one fact .
We know all about your mouldy wonders and your stale miracles .
We want a ' this year 's fact ' .
We ask only one .
Give us one fact for charity .
Your miracles are too ancient .
The witnesses have been dead for nearly two thousand years .
Their reputation for " truth and veracity " in the neighborhood where they resided is wholly unknown to us .
Give us a new miracle , and substantiate it by witnesses who still have the cheerful habit of living in this world .
Do not send us to Jericho to hear the winding horns , nor put us in the fire with Shadrach , Meshech and Abednego .
Do not compel us to navigate the sea with Captain Jonah , nor dine with Mr. Ezekiel .
There is no sort of use in sending us fox - hunting with Samson .
We have positively lost all interest in that little speech so eloquently delivered by Balaam 's inspired donkey .
It is worse than useless to show us fishes with money in their mouths , and call our attention to vast multitudes stuffing themselves with five crackers and two sardines .
We demand a new miracle , and we demand it now .
Let the church furnish at least one , or forever after hold her peace .
In the olden times the church , by violating the order of nature , proved the existence of her God .
At that time miracles were performed with the most astonishing ease .
They became so common that the church ordered her priests to desist .
And now this same church -- the people having found some little sense -- admits , not only , that she cannot perform a miracle but insists that the absence of miracle , the steady , unbroken march of cause and effect , proves the existence of a power superior to nature .
The fact is , however , that the indissoluble chain of cause and effect proves exactly the contrary .
Sir William Hamilton , one of the pillars of modern theology , in discussing this very subject , uses the following language : " The phenomena of matter taken by themselves , so far from warranting any inference to the existence of a god , would on the contrary ground even an argument to his negation .
The phenomena of the material world are subjected to immutable laws ; are produced and reproduced in the same invariable succession , and manifest only the blind force of a mechanical necessity . "
Nature is but an endless series of efficient causes .
She cannot create , but she eternally transforms .
There was no beginning , and there can be no end .
The best minds , even in the religious world , admit that in material nature there is no evidence of what they are pleased to call a god .
They find their evidence in the phenomena of intelligence , and very innocently assert that intelligence is above , and in fact , opposed to nature .
They insist that man , at least , is a special creation ; that he has somewhere in his brain a divine spark , a little portion of the " Great First Cause . "
They say that matter cannot produce thought ; but that thought can produce matter .
They tell us that man has intelligence , and therefore there must be an intelligence greater than his .
Why not say God has intelligence , therefore there must be an intelligence greater than his ?
So far as we know , there is no intelligence apart from matter .
We cannot conceive of thought , except as produced within a brain .
The science , by means of which they demonstrate the existence of an impossible intelligence , and an incomprehensible power is called , metaphysics or theology .
The theologians admit that the phenomena of matter tend , at least , to disprove the existence of any power superior to nature , because in such phenomena we see nothing but an endless chain of efficient causes -- nothing but the force of a mechanical necessity .
They therefore appeal to what they denominate the phenomena of mind to establish this superior power .
The trouble is , that in the phenomena of mind we find the same endless chain of efficient causes ; the same mechanical necessity .
Every thought must have had an efficient cause .
Every motive , every desire , every fear , hope and dream must have been necessarily produced .
There is no room in the mind of man for providence or chance .
The facts and forces governing thought are as absolute as those governing the motions of the planets .
A poem is produced by the forces of nature , and is as necessarily and naturally produced as mountains and seas .
You will seek in vain for a thought in man 's brain without its efficient cause .
Every mental operation is the necessary result of certain facts and conditions .
Mental phenomena are considered more complicated than those of matter , and consequently more mysterious .
Being more mysterious , they are considered better evidence of the existence of a god .
No one infers a god from the simple , from the known , from what is understood , but from the complex , from the unknown , and incomprehensible .
Our ignorance is God ; what we know is science .
When we abandon the doctrine that some infinite being created matter and force , and enacted a code of laws for their government , the idea of interference will be lost .
The real priest will then be , not the mouth - piece of some pretended deity , but the interpreter of nature .
From that moment the church ceases to exist .
The tapers will die out upon the dusty altar ; the moths will eat the fading velvet of pulpit and pew ; the Bible will take its place with the Shastras , Puranas , Vedas , Eddas , Sagas and Korans , and the fetters of a degrading faith will fall from the minds of men .
" But , " says the religionist , " you cannot explain everything ; you cannot understand everything ; and that which you cannot explain , that which you do not comprehend , is my God . "
We are explaining more every day .
We are understanding more every day ; consequently your God is growing smaller every day .
Nothing daunted , the religionist then insists that nothing can exist without a cause , except cause , and that this uncaused cause is God .
To this we again reply : Every cause must produce an effect , because until it does produce an effect , it is not a cause .
Every effect must in its turn become a cause .
Therefore , in the nature of things , there cannot be a last cause , for the reason that a so - called last cause would necessarily produce an effect , and that effect must of necessity becomes a cause .
The converse of these propositions must be true .
Every effect must have had a cause , and every cause must have been an effect .
Therefore there could have been no first cause .
A first cause is just as impossible as a last effect .
Beyond the universe there is nothing , and within the universe the supernatural does not and cannot exist .
The moment these great truths are understood and admitted , a belief in general or special providence become impossible .
From that instant men will cease their vain efforts to please an imaginary being , and will give their time and attention to the affairs of this world .
They will abandon the idea of attaining any object by prayer and supplication .
The element of uncertainty will , in a great measure , be removed from the domain of the future , and man , gathering courage from a succession of victories over the obstructions of nature , will attain a serene grandeur unknown to the disciples of any superstition .
The plans of mankind will no longer be interfered with by the finger of a supposed omnipotence , and no one will believe that nations or individuals are protected or destroyed by any deity whatever .
Science , freed from the chains of pious custom and evangelical prejudice , will , within her sphere , be supreme .
The mind will investigate without reverence , and publish its conclusions without fear .
Agassiz will no longer hesitate to declare the Mosaic cosmogony utterly inconsistent with the demonstrated truths of geology , and will cease pretending any reverence for the Jewish Scriptures .
The moment science succeeds in rendering the church powerless for evil , the real thinkers will be outspoken .
The little flags of truce carried by timid philosophers will disappear , and the cowardly parley will give place to victory -- lasting and universal .
If we admit that some infinite being has controlled the destinies of persons and peoples , history becomes a most cruel and bloody farce .
Age after age , the strong have trampled upon the weak ; the crafty and heartless have ensnared and enslaved the simple and innocent , and nowhere , in all the annals of mankind , has any god succored the oppressed .
Man should cease to expect aid from on high .
By this time he should know that heaven has no ear to hear , and no hand to help .
The present is the necessary child of all the past .
There has been no chance , and there can be no interference .
If abuses are destroyed , man must destroy them .
If slaves are freed , man must free them .
If new truths are discovered , man must discover them .
If the naked are clothed ; if the hungry are fed ; if justice is done ; if labor is rewarded ; if superstition is driven from the mind ; if the defenseless are protected and if the right finally triumphs , all must be the work of man .
The grand victories of the future must be won by man , and by man alone .
Nature , so long as we can discern , without passion and without intention , forms , transforms , and retransforms forever .
She neither weeps nor rejoices .
She produces man without purpose , and obliterates him without regret .
She knows no distinction between the beneficial and the hurtful .
Poison and nutrition , pain and joy , life and death , smiles and tears are alike to her .
She is neither merciful nor cruel .
She can not be flattered by worship nor melted by tears .
She does not know even the attitude of prayer .
She appreciates no difference between poison in the fangs of snakes and mercy in the hearts of men .
Only through man does nature take cognizance of the good , the true , and the beautiful ; and , so far as we know , man is the highest intelligence .
And yet man continues to believe that there is some power independent of and superior to nature , and still endeavors , by form , ceremony , supplication , hypocrisy and sacrifice , to obtain its aid .
His best energies have been wasted in the service of this phantom .
The horrors of witchcraft were all born of an ignorant belief in the existence of a totally depraved being superior to nature , acting in perfect independence of her laws : and all religious superstition has had for its basis a belief in at least two beings , one good and the other bad , both of whom could arbitrarily change the order of the universe .
The history of religion is simply the story of man 's efforts in all ages to avoid one of these powers , and to pacify the other .
Both powers have inspired little else than abject fear .
The cold , calculating sneer of the devil , and the frown of God , were equally terrible .
In any event , man 's fate was to be arbitrarily fixed forever by an unknown power superior to all law , and to all fact .
Until this belief is thrown aside , man must consider himself the slave of phantom masters -- neither of whom promise liberty in this world nor in the next .
Man must learn to rely upon himself .
Reading bibles will not protect him from the blasts of winter , but houses , fires .
and clothing will .
To prevent famine , one plow is worth a million sermons , and even patent medicines will cure more diseases than all the prayers uttered since the beginning of the world .
Although many eminent men have endeavored to harmonize necessity and free will , the existence of evil , and the infinite power and goodness of God , they have succeeded only in producing learned and ingenious failures .
Immense efforts have been made to reconcile ideas utterly inconsistent with the facts by which we are surrounded , and all persons who have failed to perceive the pretended reconciliation , have been denounced as infidels , atheists and scoffers .
The whole power of the church has been brought to bear against philosophers and scientists in order to compel a denial of the authority of demonstration , and to induce some Judas to betray Reason , one of the saviors of mankind .
During that frightful period known as the " Dark Ages . "
Faith reigned , with scarcely a rebellious subject .
Her temples were " carpeted with knees , " and the wealth of nations adorned her countless shrines .
The great painters prostituted their genius to immortalize her vagaries , while the poets enshrined them in song .
At her bidding , man covered the earth with blood , the scales of justice were turned with her gold , and for her use were invented all the cunning instruments of pain .
She built cathedrals for God. and dungeons for men .
She peopled the clouds with angels and the earth with slaves .
For centuries the world was retracing its steps -- going steadily back toward barbaric night !
A few infidels -- a few heretics cried ; " Halt ! " to the great rabble of ignorant devotion , and made it possible for the genius of the nineteenth century to revolutionize the cruel creeds and superstitions of mankind .
The thoughts of man , in order to be of any real worth , must be free .
Under the influence of fear the brain is paralyzed , and instead of bravely solving a problem for itself , tremblingly adopts the solution of another .
As long as a majority of men will cringe to the very earth before some petty prince or king , what must be the infinite abjectness of their little souls in the presence of their supposed creator and God ?
Under such circumstances , what can their thoughts be worth ?
The originality of repetition , and the mental vigor of acquiescence , are all that we have any right to expect from the Christian world .
As long as every question is answered by the word " God , " scientific inquiry is simply impossible .
As fast as phenomena are satisfactorily explained the domain of the power , supposed to be superior to nature must decrease , while the horizon of the known must as constantly continue to enlarge .
It is no longer satisfactory to account for the fall and rise of nations by saying .
" It is the will of God . "
Such an explanation puts ignorance and education upon an exact equality , and does away with the idea of really accounting for anything whatever .
Will the religionist pretend that the real end of science is to ascertain how and why God acts ?
Science , from such a standpoint would consist in investigating the law of arbitrary action , and in a grand endeavor to ascertain the rules necessarily obeyed by infinite caprice .
From a philosophical point of view , science is knowledge of the laws of life ; of the conditions of happiness ; of the facts by which we are surrounded , and the relations we sustain to men and things by means of which , man , so to speak , subjugates nature and bends the elemental powers to his will , making blind force the servant of his brain .
A belief in special providence does away with the spirit of investigation , and is inconsistent with personal effort .
Why should man endeavor to thwart the designs of God ?
Which of you by taking thought , can add one cubit to his stature ?
Under the influence of this belief , man , basking in the sunshine of a delusion , considers the lilies of the field and refuses to take any thought for the morrow .
Believing himself in the power of an infinite being , who can , at any moment , dash him to the lowest hell or raise him to the highest heaven , he necessarily abandons the idea of accomplishing anything by his own efforts .
As long as this belief was general , the world was filled with ignorance , superstition and misery .
The energies of man were wasted in a vain effort to obtain the aid of this power , supposed to be superior to nature .
For countless ages , even men were sacrificed upon the altar of this impossible god .
To please him , mothers have shed the blood of their own babes ; martyrs have chanted triumphant songs in the midst of flame ; priests have gorged themselves with blood ; nuns have forsworn the ecstasies of love ; old men have tremblingly implored ; women have sobbed and entreated ; every pain has been endured , and every horror has been perpetrated .
Through the dim long years that have fled humanity has suffered more than can be conceived .
Most of the misery has been endured by the weak , the loving and the innocent .
Women have been treated like poisonous beasts , and little children trampled upon as though they had been vermin .
Numberless altars have been reddened , even with the blood of babes ; beautiful girls have been given to slimy serpents ; whole races of men doomed to centuries of slavery , and everywhere there has been outrage beyond the power of genius to express .
During all these years the suffering have supplicated ; the withered lips of famine have prayed ; the pale victims have implored , and Heaven has been deaf and blind .
Of what use have the gods been to man ?
It is no answer to say that some god created the world , established certain laws , and then turned his attention to other matters , leaving his children weak , ignorant and unaided , to fight the battle of life alone .
It is no solution to declare that in some other world this god will render a few , or even all , his subjects happy .
What right have we to expect that a perfectly wise , good and powerful being will ever do better than he has done , and is doing ?
The world is filled with imperfections .
If it was made by an infinite being , what reason have we for saying that he will render it nearer perfect than it now is ?
If the infinite " Father " allows a majority of his children to live in ignorance and wretchedness now , what evidence is there that he will ever improve their condition ?
Will God have more power ?
Will he become more merciful ?
Will his love for his poor creatures increase ?
Can the conduct of infinite wisdom , power and love ever change ?
Is the infinite capable of any improvement whatever ?
We are informed by the clergy that this world is a kind of school ; that the evils by which we are surrounded are for the purpose of developing our souls , and that only by suffering can men become pure , strong , virtuous and grand .
Supposing this to be true , what is to become of those who die in infancy ?
The little children , according to this philosophy , can never be developed .
They were so unfortunate as to escape the ennobling influences of pain and misery , and as a consequence , are doomed to an eternity of mental inferiority .
If the clergy are right on this question , none are so unfortunate as the happy and we should envy only the suffering and distressed .
If evil is necessary to the development of man , in this life , how is it possible for the soul to improve in the perfect joy of Paradise ?
Since Paley found his watch , the argument of " design " has been relied upon as unanswerable .
The church teaches that this world , and all that it contains , were created substantially as we now see them ; that the grasses , the flowers , the trees , and all animals , including man , were special creations , and that they sustain no necessary relation to each other
The most orthodox will admit that some earth has been washed into the sea ; that the sea has encroached a little upon the land , and that some mountains may be a trifle lower than in the morning of creation .
The theory of gradual development was unknown to our fathers ; the idea of evolution did not occur to them .
Our fathers looked upon the then arrangement of things as the primal arrangement .
The earth appeared to them fresh from the hands of a deity .
They knew nothing of the slow evolutions of countless years , but supposed that the almost infinite variety of vegetable and animal forms had existed from the first .
Suppose that upon some island we should find a man a million years of age , and suppose that we should find him in the possession of a most beautiful carriage , constructed upon the most perfect model .
And suppose , further , that he should tell us that it was the result of several hundred thousand years of labor and of thought ; that for fifty thousand years he used as flat a log as he could find , before it occurred to him , that by splitting the log , he could have the same surface with only half the weight ; that it took him many thousand years to invent wheels for this log ; that the wheels he first used were solid , and that fifty thousand years of thought suggested the use of spokes and tire ; that for many centuries he used the wheels without linch - pins ; that it took a hundred thousand years more to think of using four wheels , instead of two ; that for ages he walked behind the carriage , when going down hill , in order to hold it back , and that only by a lucky chance he invented the tongue ; would we conclude that this man , from the very first , had been an infinitely ingenious and perfect mechanic ?
Suppose we found him living in an elegant mansion , and he should inform us that he lived in that house for five hundred thousand years before he thought of putting on a roof , and that he had but recently invented windows and doors ; would we say that from the beginning he had been an infinitely accomplished and scientific architect ?
Does not an improvement in the things created , show a corresponding improvement in the creator ?
Would an infinitely wise , good and powerful God , intending to produce man , commence with the lowest possible forms of life ; with the simplest organism that can be imagined , and during immeasurable periods of time , slowly and almost imperceptibly improve upon the rude beginning , until man was evolved ?
Would countless ages thus be wasted in the production of awkward forms , afterwards abandoned ?
Can the intelligence of man discover the least wisdom in covering the earth with crawling , creeping horrors , that live only upon the agonies and pangs of others ?
Can we see the propriety of so constructing the earth , that only an insignificant portion of its surface is capable of producing an intelligent man ?
Who can appreciate the mercy of so making the world that all animals devour animals ; so that every mouth is a slaughter house , and every stomach a tomb ?
Is it possible to discover infinite intelligence and love in universal and eternal carnage ?
What would we think of a father , who should give a farm to his children , and before giving them possession should plant upon it thousands of deadly shrubs and vines ; should stock it with ferocious beasts , and poisonous reptiles ; should take pains to put a few swamps in the neighborhood to breed malaria ; should so arrange matters , that the ground would occasionally open and swallow a few of his darlings , and besides all this , should establish a few volcanoes in the immediate vicinity , that might at any moment overwhelm his children with rivers of fire ?
Suppose that this father neglected to tell his children which of the plants were deadly ; that the reptiles were poisonous ; failed to say anything about the earthquakes , and kept the volcano business a profound secret ; would we pronounce him angel or fiend ?
And yet this is exactly what the orthodox God has done .
According to the theologians , God prepared this globe expressly for the habitation of his loved children , and yet he filled the forests with ferocious beasts ; placed serpents in every path ; stuffed the world with earthquakes , and adorned its surface with mountains of flame .
Notwithstanding all this , we are told that the world is perfect ; that it was created by a perfect being , and is therefore necessarily perfect .
The next moment , these same persons will tell us that the world was cursed ; covered with brambles , thistles and thorns , and that man was doomed to disease and death , simply because our poor , dear mother ate an apple contrary to the command of an arbitrary God .
A very pious friend of mine , having heard that I had said the world was full of imperfections , asked me if the report was true .
Upon being informed that it was , he expressed great surprise that any one could be guilty of such presumption .
He said that , in his judgement , it was impossible to point out an imperfection " Be kind enough , " said he , " to name even one improvement that you could make , if you had the power . "
" Well , " said I , " I would make good health catching , instead of disease . "
The truth is , it is impossible to harmonize all the ills , and pains , and agonies of this world with the idea that we were created by , and are watched over and protected by an infinitely wise , powerful and beneficent God , who is superior to and independent of nature .
The clergy , however , balance all the real ills of this life with the expected joys of the next .
We are assured that all is perfection in heaven , there the skies are cloudless -- there all is serenity and peace .
Here empires may be overthrown ; dynasties may be extinguished in blood ; millions of slaves may toil ' neath the fierce rays of the sun , and the cruel strokes of the lash ; yet all is happiness in heaven .
Pestilences may strew the earth with corpses of the loved ; the survivors may bend above them in agony -- yet the placid bosom of heaven is unruffled .
Children may expire vainly asking for bread ; babes may be devoured by serpents , while the gods sit smiling in the clouds .
The innocent may languish unto death in the obscurity of dungeons ; brave men and heroic women may be changed to ashes at the bigot 's stake , while heaven is filled with song and joy .
Out on the wide sea , in darkness and in storm , the shipwrecked struggle with the cruel waves while the angels play upon their golden harps .
The streets of the world are filled with the diseased , the deformed and the helpless ; the chambers of pain are crowded with the pale forms of the suffering , while the angels float and fly in the happy realms of day .
In heaven they are too happy to have sympathy ; too busy singing to aid the imploring and distressed .
Their eyes are blinded ; their ears are stopped and their hearts are turned to stone by the infinite selfishness of joy .
The saved mariner is too happy when he touches the shore to give a moment 's thought to his drowning brothers .
With the indifference of happiness , with the contempt of bliss , heaven barely glances at the miseries of earth .
Cities are devoured by the rushing lava ; the earth opens and thousands perish ; women raise their clasped hands towards heaven , but the gods are too happy to aid their children .
The smiles of the deities are unacquainted with the tears of men .
The shouts of heaven drown the sobs of earth .
Having shown how man created gods , and how he became the trembling slave of his own creation , the questions naturally arise :
How did he free himself even a little , from these monarchs of the sky , from these despots of the clouds , from this aristocracy of the air ?
How did he , even to the extent that he has , outgrow his ignorant , abject terror , and throw off the yoke of superstition ?
Probably , the first thing that tended to disabuse his mind was the discovery of order , of regularity , of periodicity in the universe .
From this he began to suspect that everything did not happen purely with reference to him .
He noticed , that whatever he might do , the motions of the planets were always the same ; that eclipses were periodical , and that even comets came at certain intervals .
This convinced him that eclipses and comets had nothing to do with him , and that his conduct had nothing to do with them .
He perceived that they were not caused for his benefit or injury .
He thus learned to regard them with admiration instead of fear .
He began to suspect that famine was not sent by some enraged and revengeful deity , but resulted often from the neglect and ignorance of man .
He learned that diseases were not produced by evil spirits .
He found that sickness was occasioned by natural causes , and could be cured by natural means .
He demonstrated , to his own satisfaction at least , that prayer is not a medicine .
He found by sad experience that his gods were of no practical use , as they never assisted him , except when he was perfectly able to help himself .
At last , he began to discover that his individual action had nothing whatever to do with strange appearances in the heavens ; that it was impossible for him to be bad enough to cause a whirlwind , or good enough to stop one .
After many centuries of thought , he about half concluded that making mouths at a priest would not necessarily cause an earthquake .
He noticed , and no doubt with considerable astonishment , that very good men ware occasionally struck by lightning , while very bad ones escaped .
He was frequently forced to the painful conclusion ( and it is the most painful to which any human being ever was forced ) that the right did not always prevail .
He noticed that the gods did not interfere in behalf of the weak and innocent .
He was now and then astonished by seeing an unbeliever in the enjoyment of most excellent health .
He finally ascertained that there could be no possible connection between an unusually severe winter and his failure to give a sheep to a priest .
He began to suspect that the order of the universe was not constantly being changed to assist him because he repeated a creed .
He observed that some children would steal after having been regularly baptized .
He noticed a vast difference between religion and justice , and that the worshipers of the same god , took delight in cutting each other 's throats .
He saw that these religious disputes filled the world with hatred and slavery .
At last he had the courage to suspect , that no god at any time interferes with the order of events .
He learned a few facts , and these facts positively refused to harmonize with the ignorant superstitions of his fathers .
Finding his sacred books incorrect and false in some particulars , his faith in their authenticity began to be shaken ; finding his priests ignorant upon some points , he began to lose respect for the cloth .
This was the commencement of intellectual freedom .
The civilization of man has increased just to the same extent that religious power has decreased .
The intellectual advancement of man depends upon how often he can exchange an old superstition for a new truth .
The church never enabled a human being to make even one of these exchanges ; on the contrary , all her power has been used to prevent them .
In spite , however , of the church , man found that some of his religious conceptions were wrong .
By reading his Bible , he found that the ideas of his God were more cruel and brutal than those of the most depraved savage .
He also discovered that this holy book was filled with ignorance , and that it must have been written by persons wholly unacquainted with the nature of the phenomena by which we are surrounded ; and now and then , some man had the goodness and courage to speak his honest thoughts .
In every age some thinker , some doubter , some investigator , some hater of hypocrisy , some despiser of sham , some brave lover of the right , has gladly , proudly and heroically braved the ignorant fury of superstition for the sake of man and truth .
These divine men were generally torn in pieces by the worshipers of the gods .
Socrates was poisoned because he lacked reverence for some of the deities .
Christ was crucified by a religious rabble for the crime of blasphemy .
Nothing is more gratifying to a religionist than to destroy his enemies at the command of God.
Religious persecution springs from a due admixture of love towards God and hatred towards man .
The terrible religious wars that inundated the world with blood tended at least to bring all religion into disgrace and hatred .
Thoughtful people began to question the divine origin of a religion that made its believers hold the rights of others in absolute contempt .
A few began to compare Christianity with the religions of heathen people , and were forced to admit that the difference was hardly worth dying for .
They also found that other nations were even happier and more prosperous than their own .
They began to suspect that their religion , after all , was not of much real value .
For three hundred years the Christian world endeavored to rescue from the " Infidel " the empty sepulchre of Christ .
For three hundred years the armies of the cross were baffled and beaten by the victorious hosts of an impudent impostor .
This immense fact sowed the seeds of distrust throughout all Christendom , and millions began to lose confidence in a God who had been vanquished by Mohammed .
The people also found that commerce made friends where religion made enemies , and that religious zeal was utterly incompatible with peace between nations or individuals .
They discovered that those who loved the gods most were apt to love men least , that the arrogance of universal forgiveness was amazing ; that the most malicious had the effrontery to pray for their enemies , and that humility and tyranny were the fruit of the same tree .
For ages , a deadly conflict has been waged between a few brave men and women of thought and genius upon the one side , and the great ignorant religious mass on the other .
This is the war between Science and Faith .
The few have appealed to reason , to honor , to law , to freedom , to the known , and to happiness here in this world .
The many have appealed to prejudice , to fear , to miracle , to slavery , to the unknown , and to misery hereafter .
The few have said , " Think ! "
The many have said , " Believe ! "
The first doubt was the womb and cradle of progress , and from the first doubt , man has continued to advance .
Men began to investigate , and the church began to oppose .
The astronomer scanned the heavens , while the church branded his grand forehead with the word , " Infidel , " and now not a glittering star in all the vast expanse bears a Christian name .
In spite of all religion , the geologist penetrated the earth , read her history in books of stone , and found , hidden within her bosom , souvenirs of all the ages .
Old ideas perished in the retort of the chemist , and useful truths took their places .
One by one religious conceptions have been placed in the crucible of science , and thus far , nothing but dross has been found .
A new world has been discovered by the microscope ; everywhere has been found the infinite ; in every direction man has investigated and explored and nowhere , in earth or stars , has been found the footstep of any being superior to or independent of nature .
Nowhere has been discovered the slightest evidence of any interference from without .
These are the sublime truths that enabled man to throw off the yoke of superstition .
These are the splendid facts that snatched the scepter of authority from the hands of priests .
In that vast cemetery , called the past , are most of the religions of men , and there , too , are nearly all their gods .
The sacred temples of India ware ruins long ago .
Over column and cornice ; over the painted and pictured walls , cling and creep the trailing vines .
Brahma , the golden , with four heads and four arms ;
Vishnu , the somber , the punisher of the wicked , with his three eyes , his crescent , and his necklace of skulls ; Siva , the destroyer , red with seas of blood ; Kali , the goddess ; Draupadi , the white - armed , and Chrishna , the Christ , all passed away and left the thrones of heaven desolate .
Along the banks of the sacrad Nile , Isis no longer wandering weeps , searching for the dead Osiris .
The shadow of Typhon 's scowl falls no more upon the waves .
The sun rises as of yore , and his golden beams still smite the lips of Memnon , but Memnon is as voiceless as the Sphinx .
The sacred fanes are lost in desert sands ; the dusty mummies are still waiting for the resurrection promised by their priests , and the old beliefs , wrought in curiously sculptured stone , sleep in the mystery of a language lost and dead .
Odin , the author of life and soul , Vili and Ye , and the mighty giant Ymir , strode long ago from the icy halls of the North ; and Thor , with iron glove and glittering hammer , dashes mountains to the earth no more .
Broken are the circles and cromlechs of the ancient Druids ; fallen upon the summits of the hills , and covered with the centuries ' moss , are the sacred cairns .
The divine fires of Persia and of the Aztecs , have died out in the ashes of the past , and there is none to rekindle , and none to feed the holy flames .
The harp of Orpheus is still ; the drained cup of Bacchus has been thrown aside ; Venus lies dead in stone , and her white bosom heaves no more with love .
The streams still murmur , but no naiads bathe ; the trees still wave , but in the forest aisles no dryads dance .
The gods have flown from high Olympus .
Not even the beautiful women can lure them back , and Danae lies unnoticed , naked to the stars .
Hushed forever are the thunders of Sinai ; lost are the voices of the prophets , and the land once flowing with milk and honey , is but a desert waste .
One by one , the myths have faded from the clouds : one by one , the phantom host has disappeared , and one by one , facts , truths and realities have taken their places .
The supernatural has almost gone , but the natural remains .
The gods have fled , but man is here .
Nations , like individuals , have their periods of youth , of manhood and decay .
Religions are the same .
The same inexorable destiny awaits them all .
The gods created by the nations must perish with their creators .
They were created by men , and like men , they must pass away .
The deities of one age are the by - words of the next .
The religion of our day , and country , is no more exempt from the sneer of the future than the others have been .
When India was supreme , Brahma sat upon the world 's throne .
When the scepter passed to Egypt , Isis and Osiris received the homage of mankind .
Greece , with her fierce valor , swept to empire , and Zeus put on the purple of authority .
The earth trembled with the thread of Rome 's intrepid sons , and Jove grasped with mailed hand the thunderbolts of heaven .
Rome fell , and Christians from her territory , with the red sword of war , carved out the ruling nations of the world , and now Christ sits upon the old throne .
Who will be his successor ?
Day by day , religious conceptions grow less and less intense .
Day by day , the old spirit dies out of book and creed .
The burning enthusiasm , the quenchless zeal of the early church have gone , never , never to return .
The ceremonies remain , but the ancient faith is fading out of the human heart .
The worn - out arguments fail to convince , and denunciations that once blanched the faces of a race , excite in us only derision and disgust .
As time rolls on , the miracles grow mean and small , and the evidences our fathers thought conclusive utterly fail to satisfy us .
There is an " irrepressible conflict " between religion and science , and they cannot peaceably occupy the same brain nor the same world .
While utterly discarding all creeds , and denying the truth of all religions , there is neither in my heart nor upon my lips a sneer for the hopeful , loving and tender souls who believe that from all this discord will result a perfect harmony ; that every evil will in some mysterious way become a good , and that above and over all there is a being who , in some way , will reclaim and glorify every one of the children of men ; but for those who heartlessly try to prove that salvation is almost impossible ; that damnation is almost certain ; that the highway of the universe leads to hell ; who fill life with fear and death with horror ; who curse the cradle and mock the tomb , it is impossible to entertain other than feelings of pity , contempt and scorn .
Reason , Observation and Experience -- the Holy Trinity of Science -- have taught us that happiness is the only good ; that the time to be happy is now , and the way to be happy is to make others so .
This is enough for us .
In this belief we are content to live and die .
If by any possibility the existence of a power superior to , and independent of , nature shall be demonstrated , there will then be time enough to kneel .
Until then , let us stand erect .
Notwithstanding the fact that infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man , and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice , we are constantly charged by the church with tearing down without building again .
The church should by this time know that it is utterly impossible to rob men of their opinions .
The history of religious persecution fully establishes the fact that the mind necessarily resists and defies every attempt to control it by violence .
The mind necessarily clings to old ideas until prepared for the new .
The moment we comprehend the truth , all erroneous ideas are of necessity cast aside .
A surgeon once called upon a poor cripple and kindly offered to render him any assistance in his power .
The surgeon began to discourse very learnedly upon the nature and origin of disease ; of the curative properties of certain medicines ; of the advantages of exercise , air and light , and of the various ways in which health and strength could be restored .
These remarks ware so full of good sense , and discovered so much profound thought and accurate knowledge , that the cripple , becoming thoroughly alarmed , cried out , " Do not , I pray you , take away my crutches .
They are my only support , and without them I should be miserable indeed ! "
" I am not going , " said the surgeon , " to take away your crutches .
I am going to cure you , and then you will throw the crutches away yourself . "
For the vagaries of the clouds the infidels propose to substitute the realities of earth ; for superstition , the splendid demonstrations and achievements of science ; and for theological tyranny , the chainless liberty of thought .
We do not say that we have discovered all ; that our doctrines are the all in all of truth .
We know of no end to the development of man .
We cannot unravel the infinite complications of matter and force .
The history of one monad is as unknown as that of the universe ; one drop of water is as wonderful as all the seas ; one leaf , as all the forests ; and one grain of sand , as all the stars .
We are not endeavoring to chain the future , but to free the present .
We are not forging fetters for our children , but we are breaking those our fathers made for us .
We are the advocates of inquiry , of investigation and thought .
This of itself , is an admission that we are not perfectly satisfied with all our conclusions .
Philosophy has not the egotism of faith .
While superstition builds walls and creates obstructions , science opens all the highways of thought .
We do not pretend to have circumnavigated everything , and to have solved all difficulties , but we do believe that it is better to love men than to fear gods ; that it is grander and nobler to think and investigate for yourself than to repeat a creed .
We are satisfied that there can be but little liberty on earth while men worship a tyrant in heaven .
We do not expect to accomplish everything in our day ; but we want to do what good we can , and to render all the service possible in the holy cause of human progress .
We know that doing away with gods and supernatural persons and powers is not an end .
It is a means to an end : the real end being the happiness of man .
Felling forests is not the end of agriculture .
Driving pirates from the sea is not all there is of commerce .
We are laying the foundations of the grand temple of the future not the temple of all the gods , but of all the people -- wherein , with appropriate rites , will be celebrated the religion of Humanity .
We are doing what little we can to hasten the coming of the day when society shall cease producing millionaires and mendicants -- gorged indolence and famished industry -- truth in rags , and superstition robed and crowned .
We are looking for the time when the useful shall be the honorable ; and when Reason , throned upon the world 's brain , shall be the King of Kings , and God of Gods .
Bank of Wisdom
The Bank of Wisdom is run by Emmett Fields out of his home in Kentucky .
He painstakingly scanned in these works and put them on disks for others to have available .
Mr. Fields makes these disks available for only the cost of the media .
Files made available from the Bank of Wisdom may be freely reproduced and given away , but may not be sold .
The Bank of Wisdom is a collection of the most thoughtful , scholarly and factual books .
These computer books are reprints of suppressed books and will cover American and world history ; the Biographies and writings of famous persons , and especially of our nations Founding Fathers .
They will include philosophy and religion .
all these subjects , and more , will be made available to the public in electronic form , easily copied and distributed , so that America can again become what its Founders intended --
The Free Market - Place of Ideas .
The Bank of Wisdom is always looking for more of these old , hidden , suppressed and forgotten books that contain needed facts and information for today .
If you have such books please contact us , we need to give them back to America .
Bank of Wisdom ,
Box 926 ,
Louisville , KY 40201
U.S. researchers in New Jersey found that lab rats consuming high fructose corn syrup had a greater increase of body weight than rats with access to sucrose or table sugar .
However , does it also apply to humans ?
The research was published online on February 26 , 2010 , in the journal Pharmacology , Biochemistry and Behavior The study was headed by Bart Hoebel , a professor of psychology at Princeton University .
U.S. researchers Nicole Avena , Miriam Bocarsly , and Elyse Powell were also involved with the study .
The researchers conducted two separate investigations with rats and high fructose corn syrup .
In the first study , male rats were fed an eight - week diet consisting of sweetened ( with high fructose corn syrup , or HFCS ) and rat chow , or a diet of table sugar and rat chow .
The data showed that the rats drinking the HFCS - water gained more weight than those on the table - sugar - water .
The Princeton University article A sweet problem : Princeton researchers find that high - fructose corn syrup prompts considerably more weight gain stated , ''¦ male rats given water sweetened with high - fructose corn syrup in addition to a standard diet of rat chow gained much more weight than male rats that received water sweetened with table sugar , or sucrose , in conjunction with the standard diet . "
It added , " The concentration of sugar in the sucrose solution was the same as is found in some commercial soft drinks , while the high - fructose corn syrup solution was half as concentrated as most sodas . '
Page two continues with the second part of the investigation .
In the second study , some of the rats were put on a six - month diet that contained high fructose corn syrup and rat chow , while others of the rats only had regular ( unsweetened water and rat chow .
The rats on HFCS - water , after six months , were found to have higher abdominal body fat and other such problems than those rats on regular water .
Specifically , the Princeton University article stated , ' Compared to animals eating only rat chow , rats on a diet rich in high - fructose corn syrup showed characteristic signs of a dangerous condition known in humans as the metabolic syndrome , including abnormal weight gain , significant increases in circulating triglycerides and augmented fat deposition , especially visceral fat around the belly . "
And , " Male rats in particular ballooned in size : Animals with access to high - fructose corn syrup gained 48 percent more weight than those eating a normal diet . '
Thus , the researchers found that rats with access to high fructose corn syrup had a greater increase in ( 1 ) body weight , ( 2 ) body fat , and ( 3 ) triglyceride levels , than those rats with access to sucrose or to those rats with access to table sugar .
Dr. Avena , one of the authors of the study , stated , " Our findings lend support to the theory that the excessive consumption of high - fructose corn syrup found in many beverages may be an important factor in the obesity epidemic . "
[ Princeton ]
Page three concludes with restrictions made by the authors with respect to the validity of their data with rats and applying it to humans .
However , the Hoebel - led group cautions that its results are preliminary and warn that just because the three associations are found in rats does not mean it will also be found in humans .
Dr. Avena stated , ' Our information is out there for people to consider and interpret .
We are research scientists , basically , just interested in understanding why people over - eat and gain weight .
There are other people out there who make policy decisions , and we hope that this study and others like it might have some influence .'
[ Princeton ]
Avena also stated , ' The ultimate goal would be to understand what makes high fructose corn syrup different from sucrose , and how these sweeteners can affect the body , brain and behavior .'
[ Princeton ]
Denise Fergus said children aged 10 could be " truly evil " James Bulger 's mother has called for England 's children 's commissioner to be sacked for " twisted and insensitive " comments about her son 's murder .
Denise Fergus spoke out after Maggie Atkinson suggested James 's killers should not have been prosecuted because , aged 10 , they were too young .
Ms Atkinson had said children under 12 did not fully understand their actions .
But the Ministry of Justice said those over 10 knew the difference " between bad behaviour and serious wrongdoing " .
Mrs Fergus told reporters : " This woman owes James and me an apology for her twisted and insensitive comments .
Then she should resign , or be sacked .
" To say that his killers should not have been tried in an adult court is stupid .
" They committed an adult crime - a cold - blooded murder that was planned and premeditated - and they were tried accordingly . "
She added : " It is a shock to people like Dr Atkinson that children can be truly evil by 10 .
" But it is a fact and I fear there will be more of them and we need laws to be tightened up so we can deal with them . "
Maggie Atkinson said James 's killers should not have been tried as adults
In an interview with the Times on Saturday , Dr Atkinson criticised the authorities ' treatment of Jon Venables and Robert Thompson , who were 10 when they snatched two - year - old James from a Merseyside shopping centre in 1993 .
They walked the toddler more than two miles to a railway line , where they beat him to death .
Dr Atkinson told the newspaper : " What [ Venables and Thompson ] did was exceptionally unpleasant and the fact that a little boy ended up dead is not something the nation can easily forget , but they should n't have been tried in an adult court because they were still children . "
However , she later issued a statement in which she said she wished to put into context her views on " such terrible atrocities " as James Bulger 's killers and two young brothers who tortured other children in Edlington .
AGES OF CRIMINAL RESPONSIBILITY 7 - Switzerland , Nigeria , S Africa 8 - Scotland , Sri Lanka 10 - England , Wales , Northern Ireland , Australia , New Zealand 12 - The Netherlands , Canada , Greece , Turkey 13 - France 14 - Italy , Germany , Bulgaria , Romania , China 15 - Denmark , Sweden , Norway , Finland , Czech Republic , New York ( US ) , South Carolina ( US ) 16 - Spain , Japan , Texas ( US ) , Poland 18 - Belgium , Luxembourg , most US states
She said : " I empathise with the pain and anguish felt by all the families of the victims involved .
Children who carry out such atrocities and other serious offences need to understand the severity of their actions . "
Dr Atkinson also pointed to the age of criminal responsibility in many European countries , which ranges between 14 and 16 .
In England , Wales and Northern Ireland the age at which children can be tried in an adult court is 10 .
In Scotland , the age is currently eight , but legislation is being passed to raise it to 12 .
Dr Atkinson 's comments came after James 's mother met Justice Secretary Jack Straw to discuss Venables ' recall to prison .
Now aged 27 , he is suspected of breaching the licence under which he and Thompson were released with new identities in 2001 .
Following Dr Atkinson 's comments , the government confirmed it did not intend to raise the age of criminal responsibility .
A Ministry of Justice spokesman said : " It is not in the interests of justice , of victims or the young people themselves to prevent serious offending being challenged . "
' Anguished case ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Kenneth Clarke , the shadow business secretary - who was home secretary at the time of James Bulger 's murder - rejected calls for Dr Atkinson to go and warned that " newspapers and the media cannot replace judges and jurors " .
He told BBC One 's The Andrew Marr Show : " I do n't actually agree with the children 's commissioner , but she obviously should n't resign for expressing an opinion on a perfectly serious and quite difficult subject .
" This is a particularly difficult and anguished case and I still have confidence in the rule of law , courts , juries and proper respect for the principles of justice . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne , said he sympathised with Mrs Fergus , but said the commissioner was right to raise the issue .
He added : " I think what the children 's commissioner was saying , is that we have the youngest age of criminal responsibility in the whole of Europe , with the exception of Scotland , in England and Wales , and that there is room for a public debate about whether we got it right .
" And I think , frankly , that 's what the children 's commissioner is there to do - is to stand up and say things on behalf of children , when the rest of us are not necessarily thinking about those things . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
To see more films , movies and TV adverts , visit my YouTube page !
AWARD CEREMONY !
Ling wins national AWARD and receives her prize at the Dorchester Hotel !
Ling at the EveryWoman Awards
Well
done
Ling !
..say
UK
leaders !
Brown
" I am delighted to send my support to all those involved in this year 's everywoman Awards .
These Awards are an opportunity to recognise some of this country 's leading business talent and showcase some exceptional entrepreneurial spirit .
Congratulations to Ling .
I am sure your achievements will inspire many more women to follow in your footsteps , blah , blah , blah ... "
Cameron
" I am delighted to send my best wishes to everyone attending the 2009 NatWest everywoman Awards - and especially to those nominated to receive an award , including Ling .
These Awards are a great way of celebrating the success of women in business .
So inspiring more women to set up their own businesses is crucial to our long - term economic recovery , blah , blah , blah ... "
Clegg
" I 'm delighted to be able to give my support to the 2009 NatWest everywoman Awards .
This is a fantastic opportunity to recognise the immense contribution made by women in business to our economy and society .
I 'd like to offer my warmest congratulations to everyone involved , including Ling .
Blah , blah , blah ... "
Every year at the Dorchester Hotel in London , the NatWest sponsored EveryWoman Awards takes place .
The EveryWoman IRIS Award recognises the woman whose " business success and growth " is a result of successful application and use of communications and I.T. COMMUNICATIONS AND I.T AWARD !
EVERYWOMAN IRIS AWARD WINNER ! :
I am the award winner !
I was selected from the nominees of the four categories .
Iris is messenger of the gods and the personal messenger of Hera , Queen of the Gods .
A bit like an electronic DHL .
SPONSOR :
BT Business sponsors the NatWest EveryWoman Iris Award , along with EveryWoman title sponsor , NatWest bank .
NatWest has sponsored the Every Woman Awards since 2002 , when the Awards were launched .
The EveryWoman Awards play a massive role in recognising and honouring the remarkable achievements of many women across the UK .
These women prove that with determination , passion and drive , they can juggle demanding and highly successful careers in business , along with their personal lives .
LING !
GOVERNMENT :
The Government Equalities Office is a compact policy Department with just over 100 staff , under the leadership of Harriet Harman QC .
Harriet is joined by Maria Eagle MP ( GEO and Ministry of Justice Minister of State ) , and Michael Foster MP ( GEO Parlimentary Minister for Equality ) .
The GEO is responsible for equality legislation and strategy and it is the leading Government Department for issues relating to women , transgender equality matters and sexual orientation .
BUSINESS LINK :
actively targets under - represented groups within the business sector .
Business Link has found that 25 % of businesses are majority managed by women .
Their partnership with EveryWoman means that Business Link can reach far more women and they help to build on the work that EveryWoman carries out .
Business Link , the business support and advice service is funded by the Government .
Business Link sponsors the NatWest Everywoman Awards andunder - represented groups within the business sector .
Business Link has found that 25 % of businesses areby women .
Their partnership with EveryWoman means that Business Link can reach and they help to build on the work that EveryWoman carries out .
Little
and
Large !
Fiona
Brucie
meets me !
OTHER EVERYWOMAN AWARD SPONSORS : :
Other EveryWoman Award sponsors include IBM , Coutts Bank , the Aspire Fund , Exemplas , and the Royal Mail .
The Financial Mail on Sunday is the EveryWoman Awards media partner .
EVERYWOMAN WEBPAGE :
The NatWest EveryWoman Awards website contains full information about the Awards and gives details of how to book , attend and join in the event .
It gives full details of all the EveryWoman Award sponsors and judges and has pages of information about past winners of the EveryWoman Awards .
All the EveryWoman Award categories are listed and full details of all the NatWest Award sponsors are shown .
Selection as a finalist or winner in the Awards carries a great endorsement for the businesswonam featured and follows rigorous investigations about the businesses and their financial records and success .
NATWEST EVERYWOMAN JUDGES :
The COOL - LOOKING EveryWoman Award judges are shown below ...
EveryWoman :
Avril Owton
EveryWoman :
Beverley Webster
EveryWoman :
Cath Collins
EveryWoman :
Christina Vaughan
EveryWoman :
Deirdre Bounds
EveryWoman :
Joanna Hansford
EveryWoman :
Joy Nichols
EveryWoman :
Karen Gill
EveryWoman :
Liz Jackson
EveryWoman :
Mandy Nickerson
EveryWoman :
Maxine Benson
EveryWoman :
Perween Warsi
EveryWoman :
Rowena Ironside
EveryWoman :
Sarah Anderson
EveryWoman :
Sharon Hilditch THANKS TO JUDGES !
Read the official Award announcement , below :
Ling Valentine wins everywoman Iris Award sponsored by BT Business
2 December 2009 : The UK ’s leading female entrepreneurs are today recognised for their inspiring achievements at the annual NatWest everywoman Awards , acting as role models for the next generation of young women wanting to go it alone .
Ling Valentine , from Gateshead has been chosen as winner of the everywoman Iris Award sponsored by BT Business for a woman whose business growth and success has been greatly improved through successful implementation and use of IT and communications .
Her company LINGsCARS.com operates exclusively online , leasing cars at affordable rates across the UK .
Operating in a notoriously turbulent sector , LINGsCARS.com has grown year on year since Ling founded it in 2001 , with more than 100,000 unique monthly users to the website and an average of £ 3.5 million worth of cars and vans leased monthly .
Her company answers online enquiries in fewer than 10 minutes .
Ling has built up an enviable reputation in the new car industry by always delivering on price , product and exceptional customer service and security , plus her ability to keep costs low due to the simple business model of operating exclusively online .
Ling is seen as a pioneer in the field , taking an innovative approach by responding to her customers ’ demands , rather than following the traditional sales model in the car industry .
Dorothy Sheehan , General Manager , BT Business said , " On behalf of BT Business , I am absolutely delighted to be recognising such a superb winner with the everywoman Iris Award , for the best use of IT and Communications .
Ling Valentine has fully grasped the power of today 's technologies , enabling her to build a creative online business in line with the needs of her customer .
Her innovative use of the internet and her dedication to first class customer service should bring her many more years of business success . "
Co-founder and Director of everywoman , Karen Gill , MBE comments , " 2009 has been an incredibly tough year for UK plc .
This year , more than ever , we are overwhelmed by the achievements of our award winners .
Ling has done incredibly well in a market badly affected by the recession .
They have all exhibited gritty determination to succeed , regardless of the obstacles that are thrown at them , all the while demonstrating ethical working practices internally . "
Dorothy Sheehan , General Manager of BT Business
with NatWest Everywoman Awards winner Ling Valentine of LINGsCARS
When New Jersey tells you not to use a handheld cellphone to talk or text while driving , they mean it .
In the 23 months since New Jersey 's ban of talking or texting on handheld cellphones , police have written 224,725 citations , according to the NJ Star - Ledger — adding up to about four percent of the state 's total moving violations , not counting drunk driving , during that period , and by far the most any state has written so far .
The tickets include a $ 100 fine , even for a first offense ; and yes , it will go on your record .
New Jersey is also among many states that now allow data to be collected about cellphone use or distraction on police accident reports .
A Fairleigh Dickinson University PublicMind survey , co-sponsored by the New Jersey Division of Highway Traffic Safety , last July found that hand - held voice use was down versus two years before , however a higher percentage of nearly all age groups are sending more handheld texts while driving than before .
Just as speeding is tied to other hazardous behaviors , it 's tied to unsafe cellphone use : According to the PublicMind poll , drivers who speed regularly are two and a half times more likely than other drivers to have sent a text message while driving — more likely too , to have made " rude gestures at other motorists . "
The study also found that using a hands - free phone was just as risky as holding a cellphone while driving .
New Jersey 's handheld cellphone use ban covers all drivers , for talking or texting , and it's a primary enforcement offense — meaning that an officer can pull the driver over and issue a citation for that alone .
In neighboring New York , talking on a handheld is primary but texting is secondary , meaning that citations will only be issued in combination with another citation .
Although the telecommunications industry has blocked a number of bans through lobbying efforts in the past , some of them are now getting on board in advising drivers not to talk or text at all when behind the wheel .
Wireless provider AT&T has just launched a campaign that declares , " txtng & driving … it can wait "
Eating or drinking while driving is as dangerous as using a cellphone
Furthermore , a recent report from the IIHS hinted that there are other factors in play — like our attitudes about distraction .
Looking solely at the frequency of crashes before and after the enactment of new laws restricting handheld cellphone use in several states , the researchers found no recognizable reduction in accidents .
This hints , experts say , that people might actually be communicating more behind the wheel — or in more hazardous situations — with " safer " hands - free options , or having hands free allows them to do other distracting tasks , like eating or drinking .
[ Star - Ledger ]
Many of you have seen the net classic If Operating Systems Were Airlines .
Today , let ’s consider what the world might be like if version control systems were airlines …
Before anyone gets mad , this is all in fun , OK ?
RCS Airlines :
One of the first airlines , from way back when this whole aviation thing was new and exciting .
Each RCS flight carries exactly one passenger , which RCS believes is a superior way to fly .
Although most RCS airplanes are rusty and battered today , RCS Airlines still retains its historic dedication to security .
Each airplane is kept locked as much as possible for safety .
Occasionally flights will be delayed for hours because the pilot ca n’t open the locked plane .
When this happens , the pilot will frantically try to get the cell phone number of whoever it is that has locked the plane .
When the plane finally gets unlocked , you may be tempted to ask why it was locked for so long .
Veteran RCS users have learned that the answer is usually disgusting , and never ask anymore .
Main competitor : CP /M airlines .
CVS Airlines : Founded on the belief that they could be more efficient than RCS by carrying multiple passengers per flight .
They still carry each passenger in a separate RCS - built airplane , but the airplanes fly in a goose - like “ , V ” formation .
Watch out for layovers , though .
It can take hours to merge new passengers into the formation properly , and it might take several attempts to take off afterwards .
CVS flights often feature fights over who gets to fly .
CVS piloting fights are legendary ; rumor has it that OpenBSD got started after CVS airlines refused to allow a passenger to board on the grounds that he had in the past refused to stow his tray table in the upright and locked position .
CVS airlines mostly counts as customers the “ over - 50 ” crowd who grew up using CVS and do n’t like change .
Its in - flight magazine features advertisements for balding - reversal treatments and uuencode tools .
Main competitor : AIX airlines .
Subversion Airlines : Started by some grey - haired CVS executives with long , wispy beards , Subversion airlines got started by trying to be “ CVS , but better ” .
Subversion airlines was the first major airline to use planes that seat more than one passenger .
Unlike CVS airlines , all passengers on a Subversion flight travel in the same plane .
Subversion airlines is famous for its Soviet - like centralized control .
All operations must be approved by the Kremlin , and you are allowed , by the grace of the Party Leader , to gaze at the massive airplanes .
Those that have served the Party and Airline well for many years are allowed to enter the Great Shrine of the First - Class Comitter , and actually make changes to the airplanes themselves .
Plainclothes Subversion Airlines security agents lurk on every flight , and you should not be surprised to be thrown out an airplane window if you make a joke in bad taste about the pilot ’s flying skills .
Subversion airlines thrives on the concept that “ photocopying is cheap ” .
You are encouraged to make photocopies of your ticket , or to photocopy your photo ID , and give copies of each to as many people as you can .
At checkin time at the gate , if more than one person arrives with a copy of the same ticket , they are ushered into the “ merging room ” and each person is given a brick .
The door is closed , something magical occurs , and the one person that emerges still able to walk is allowed to board the plane .
Main competitor : Windows airlines with no Administrators allowed .
tla airlines : Founded by one of those eccentric British noblemen , Lord Tom ’s airline is the utopian philosopher ’s airline .
Chafed by the heavy - handed control of Subversion Airlines , tla airlines wants every passenger to be created equal .
As you approach the gate area in the terminal , you will find many philosophers occupying the gate area , extolling the virtues of tla airlines .
They compare tla airlines to reaching out and touching the heavens , leaving behind the bonds of a ground - based life , actually merging with the stars .
Oh , the gorgeous beauty of it all !
The things we will see !
As you see people arriving from another flight , you observe that some of them have burn marks .
One of them comments that “ merging with the stars does n’t work . ”
Immediately , a dozen philosophers get in a fight with him , claiming that he simply does n’t understand what it means to merge with the stars , and that if he gets his inner being in the proper state first , he ’ll have a much better experience .
As you board the tla airplane , you obvserve that the jetway is a mile long .
The airplane itself reminds you of something of a cross between a gothic cathedral and a level of Doom .
There are spectacular archways everywhere , sometimes where they do n’t really belong .
Each archway is supported by ornate curly braces which you do n’t normally see on airplanes , and frankly , you ’d rather not , because they look all pointy and confuse the kids .
As you arrive as your destination terminal , you see it too is full of philosophers , most of them dining .
Main competitor : VMS airlines .
Darcs Airlines :
Unlike every other airline , this one uses physicists instead of engineers to design its airplanes .
One brilliant Darcs physicist has finally come up with The Theory of Everything , and as such , Darcs knows where you want to go before even you do .
Darcs airlines prides itself on customer service , and asks your preference for even the tiniest details about your trip .
Each seat pocket features a copy of the Theory of Everything for your reading enjoyment , but nobody actually understands it .
Occasionally , you will find that Darcs pilots get into angry conflicts with the control tower in mid-flight .
This results in the control tower revoking your permission to land .
Legend has it that one Darcs pilot of a plane with exceptionally large fuel tanks actually resolved his conflict with the tower and landed two weeks after taking off .
Experienced Darcs users board with several parachutes : one for themselves , and a few more for the newbies .
The Darcs physicists claim that the Theory of Everything predicted the pilots would act this way , and that all pilots eventually act this way throughout the entire universe .
They toil day and night finding a way to adjust the gravitational constant of the universe , thereby reducing the anger factor of the pilots .
Main competitor : OS / 2 airlines .
bzr airlines : Founded by a South African who had been injured by a curly brace on tla airlines , bzr airlines aims to be “ tla done right ” .
They have shortened the jetway , gotten rid of the curly braces , chased out the philosophers , and no longer have a vision of merging with the stars .
Many that were injured on tla airlines fly bzr airlines , and out of respect for tla airlines , bzr airlines will still honor tla tickets .
bzr passengers consider themselves part of an exclusive club because each flight takes off from a launchpad .
They often can be seen standing in the terminal passing out bzr literature , trying to get passengers of other airlines to fly bzr , and ca n’t understand how other airlines continue to exist while people keep walking past their airplanes .
Main competitor : BeOS Airlines .
Bitkeeper Airlines :
One of the world ’s faster airlines , Bitkeeper airlines occupied that obscure gate for rich people at the end of the terminal for many years .
Tickets on Bitkeeper Airlines were rumored to cost thousands of dollars , and were rare and jealously guarded .
Then for awhile , Bitkeeper Airlines started giving away tickets for free , though they also kept around the expensive tickets for those with discriminating tastes .
Free tickets were made widely available , but the 3 - point type on the back of tickets said that you were never allowed to think about another airline before , after , or during your flight , and some people claimed they actually saw the small print morphing right before their eyes .
Bitkeeper flights often featured arguments over whether people were harboring secret thoughts of other airlines .
If you were caught thinking about another airline , you were expected to scream vigorously while being thrown out the escape hatch without a parachute .
All of this commotion tarnished the rarified air that the rich people paid to experience , so one day it was decided that there would be a Great Purge , because obviously all free ticket holders had harbored lustful thoughts of other airlines , so they were all thrown off the airplanes simultaneously .
Today , people are n’t exactly sure where the Bitkeeper gate is , but everyone suspects it still lurks somewhere .
Main competitor : SCO Airlines .
Mercurial Airlines :
The “ there ’s one right way to do it ” airline , Mercurial is a sterile , agile , and shiny airline .
Every Mercurial airplane looks identical to every other one , shiny and clean .
You could swear that all the passengers look alike too , and as you approach the gate , it seems like you too look like everyone else .
Mercurial passengers tend to be a happy bunch , who ca n’t comprehend anybody that flies Git Airlines .
Specks of dirt and dust confuse the pilots , so it is best to make sure you have showered before boarding .
It is rumored that , through bolting on more engines , some Mercurial airlines can fly to as many places as Git airlines can , but most Mercurial passengers are content to not worry about that .
Main competitor : Python Airlines .
Git Airlines :
The “ there ’s more than one way to do it ” airline , Git flies the world ’s largest and fastest airplanes .
Git Airlines was founded by some priests who were flying for free on Bitkeeper Airlines and survived the fall after the Great Purge .
Git airplanes start as spartan , empty cabins , with no carpeting , chairs , or piloting controls .
At the departure gate , each passenger is handed a bag containing 173 standard airplane components , accompanied by a 4×5 ″ sheet of information on the theory of flight , written in 1950 .
Once onboard , the passengers use these components to finish out the airplane for flight : installing chairs , rudder controls , etc .
Every flight results in a plane assembled in a different way , and passengers on each flight believe they are flying the world ’s best airplane .
Arguments in the terminal after a flight are common , as passengers from different flights debate the merits of their particular design .
Despite all this ,
Git planes turn out to be safe , and Git passengers believe they get to their destinations in half the time it takes any other passengers , though sometimes they secretly wonder if the Mercurial flight got there faster .
Occasionally , passengers on Git airlines build an airplane that appears to go into a tailspin .
When that happens , they simply assemble a tool that lets them go back in time and change history so that it does n’t crash , although it is rumored that if you are a member of the public watching this happen from the ground , it will lead to seizures .
Git airlines takes special pride in the one piece that passengers do n’t have to assemble : the plumbing .
Every
Git lavatory is equipped with state - of - the - art never - fail plumbing , and the best porcelain washroom fixtures money can buy .
None of these cheap plastic toilets like you get on every other airline .
Here , we have fine porcelain fixtures .
During a flight , after passengers use the lavatory , they frequently get into arguments with each other about which style of porcelain toilet is the best .
These arguments are only resolved by the Zen - like Git Priests , who insist that only inferior passengers need to use a toilet while in the air .
Main competition : Perl Airlines .
SCHENECTADY , N.Y. --
It took five overtimes and nearly six hours , but Quinnipiac managed to edge out Union College 3 - 2 early Saturday in the longest hockey game in college history .
Senior forward Greg Holt of the Bobcats scored 10:22 into the fifth overtime to give Quinnipiac the win in the ECAC best - of - three quarterfinal series .
" I am too tired to think about anything , " Holt said , according to the Albany Times Union .
" I was just trying to get the puck to the net . . .
I can't even tell you how tired I am because I can't even think right now . "
At 150 minutes and 22 seconds , it was the longest game in college hockey history .
The previous record was set in 2006 , when Yale beat Union College 3 - 2 in a game that was 141 minutes and 35 seconds long .
Quinnipiac goalie Dan Clarke faced 75 shots , and Union goalie Keith Kincaid , a freshman , faced 55 .
Union College appears to be snakebit in overtime games .
The Dutchmen have played eight extra-period games since going to Division I in 1991 , and they have lost seven of them .
Third - seeded Union scored two goals in the first period ; seventh - seeded Quinnipiac scored a goal in each of the first and second periods .
The series continues Saturday night .
Game 3 , if necessary , will be Sunday .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
This site has already seen a great post on the basics of personal finance .
As the article explains , its all quite easy .
However , the one challenge that faces all of us personal finance masters is balance .
We can max our retirement accounts , we can save over half of our income , we can even live on a budget that is so tight we know where every dollar will be spent throughout the course of the year .
BUT , and that ’s a big and bold “ but ” , there comes a time when you just have to forget about being responsible , and just let loose and tell your finances to “ Suck it ” .
How will you know it ’s the right time to throw caution to the wind ?
Well , I ca n’t tell you with absolute certainty .
I will venture a guess that the timing will likely be a moment that will appear as quickly as it will fade , where you look back and say “ why did I just blow that money ? ”
For me , I rarely covet .
On the other hand , I certainly do allow myself whimsical decisions .
I shall use my most recent “ why did I just do that ” moment to orchestrate my point .
Case Study : Booze , Women and Dances = Empty Wallet
On a recent trip into New York City , I found myself with close friends in their home town .
Well , what do guys do when they are hosting someone ?
They look for the closest gentleman ’s club .
( You may be asking yourself , “ Why the hell is Brian telling us about this ? ”
Well , J. Money so amazingly outed me already on twitter and maybe it will explain more why girls do n’t talk to me . )
So , being a frugal guy , I walk into a strip club with the attitude of “ look , but do n’t buy ” ( for those never have been , I am not buying people , just dances ) .
However , one ’s best intentions are rarely good enough when you mix age old friends , booze , and hot women .
After a while , I ended up giving in and spent a ridiculous amount of money on alcohol , dances , and just overall male debauchery ( or douchebaggary , however you choose to see it ) .
After leaving the club , I started to add up the total cost of the night in my head .
As the bill went in excess of $ 200 , I started to get a knot in my stomach .
My thought process went like this :
I ca n’t afford to be throwing away this money
I am already close to being over budget for the month as it is
That $ 200 + could be over $ 5000 + in 30 years if I put it in a retirement account
Luckily , I have some great friends .
One of them must know me too well as he pulled me aside and said , “ Did you have a good time ? ”
My answer was , “ Yes , of course ” .
He responded with the truest thing I had heard all night , “ It was worth every penny then . ”
The money that I worked so hard for was gone in just moments , but in those moments , I certainly had a whale of a time with some of my favorite buddies .
The memories I will have of a wild night spent on vacation will last a lifetime , and are priceless in my mind .
Letting Loose
Now , everyone ’s spontaneous or planned splurge is n’t going to be something of almost no value , such as buying dances at a gentleman ’s club .
Maybe for you its getting a massage , or buying a new pair of sneakers , a new purse , or even a quick weekend getaway .
Without a healthy dose of these things , we will forget why we are on this earth , to live .
Life is so short , and sadly , can be taken away on a moment ’s notice .
Yes , be smart with your money , but do n’t forget to spend part of your 20s and 30s being reckless , foolish , wasteful and giving the middle finger to your finances .
The stories you will have in your 40s and 50s are going to be much more entertaining .
What is the story of your most recent spontaneous splurge , and how did you feel about it afterwards ?
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
More
Reddit
Tumblr
Pocket
Email
Print
LinkedIn
The Simpson - Bowles Commission , just established by the president , will no doubt deliver an attack on Social Security and Medicare dressed up in the sanctimonious rhetoric of deficit reduction .
What would be the economic consequences if the commission did ?
The answer is that a big deficit - reduction program would destroy the economy , or what remains of it , two years into the Great Crisis .
For this reason , the deficit phobia of Wall Street , the press , some economists and practically all politicians is one of the deepest dangers that we face .
To cut current deficits without first rebuilding the economic engine of the private credit system is a sure path to stagnation , to a double - dip recession - even to a second Great Depression .
There are two ways to get the increase in total spending that we call " economic growth . "
One way is for government to spend .
The other is for banks to lend .
For ordinary people , public budget deficits , despite their bad reputation , are much better than private loans .
Deficits put money in private pockets .
Private households get more cash .
They own that cash free and clear , and they can spend it as they like .
Ordinary people benefit , but there is nothing in it for banks .
And this explains the deficit phobia of Wall Street .
Bankers do n't like budget deficits because they compete with bank loans as a source of growth .
When a bank makes a loan , cash balances in private hands also go up .
But now there is a contractual obligation to pay interest and to repay principal .
If the enterprise defaults , there may be an asset left over - a house or factory or company - that will then become the property of the bank .
All of this should be painfully obvious , but it is deeply obscure .
It is obscure because legions of Wall Streeters have labored mightily to confuse the issues .
We also hear about the impending " bankruptcy " of Social Security , Medicare - even the United States itself .
Or of the burden that public debts will " impose on our grandchildren . "
Or about " unfunded liabilities " supposedly facing us all .
All of this forms part of one of the great misinformation campaigns of all time .
The misinformation is rooted in what many consider to be plain common sense .
It may seem like homely wisdom , especially , to say that " just like the family , the government can't live beyond its means . "
But it 's not .
In these matters the public and private sectors differ on a very basic point .
Your family needs income in order to pay its debts .
Your government does not .
Private borrowers can and do default .
With government , the risk of nonpayment does not exist .
Government spends money ( and pays interest ) simply by typing numbers into a computer .
Because it is the source of money , government can't run out .
It 's true that government can spend imprudently .
Too much spending may lead to inflation .
Wasteful spending - on unnecessary military adventures , say - burns real resources .
But no government can ever be forced to default on debts in a currency it controls .
Public defaults happen only when governments do n't control the currency in which they owe debts - as Argentina owed dollars or as Greece now owes euros .
But for true sovereigns , bankruptcy is an irrelevant concept .
Nor is public debt a burden on future generations .
It does not have to be repaid , and in practice it will never be repaid .
Personal debts are generally settled during the lifetime of the debtor or at death .
Governments do not die - except in war or revolution , and when that happens , their debts are generally moot anyway .
So the public debt simply increases from one year to the next .
In the entire history of the United States it has done so , with budget deficits and increased public debt on all but about six very short occasions - with each surplus followed by a recession .
Far from being a burden , these debts are the foundation of economic growth .
What is true of government as a whole is also true of particular programs .
Social Security and Medicare are government programs ; they cannot go bankrupt , and they cannot fail to meet their obligations unless Congress decides - say on the recommendation of the Simpson - Bowles Commission - to cut the benefits they provide .
Social Security and Medicare are transfer programs .
The principal transfer is not from the young to the old , because even without Social Security the old would still be around and someone would have to support them .
Rather , Social Security pools resources , so that the work of the young collectively supports the senior population .
The effective transfer is from parents who have children who would otherwise support them , to seniors who do n't .
And it is from workers who do not have parents to support , to workers who would otherwise have to support their parents .
In both cases this burden sharing is fair , progressive and sustainable .
Social Security and Medicare also replace private insurance with cheap and efficient public administration .
This is another reason these programs are the hated targets , decade after decade , of the worst predators on Wall Street .
Public deficits and private lending are reciprocal .
Increased private lending generates new tax revenue and smaller deficits ; that 's what happened in the 1990s .
A credit collapse kills the tax base and generates more spending ; that 's what 's happening now , and our big deficits are the accounting counterpart of the massive decline , last year , in private bank loans .
If we could revive private lending , should we do it ?
Well , yes , up to a point there is good reason to have a robust private lending sector .
Government is by nature centralized and policy driven .
It works by law and regulation .
Decentralized and competitive private banks have much more flexibility .
A good banking system , run by capable people with good business judgment who know their clients , is good for the economy .
The fact that you have to pay interest on a loan is also an important motivator of investment over consumption .
But right now , we do n't have functional big banks .
We have a cartel run by an incompetent plutocracy , with its long fingers deep in the pockets of the state .
For functional credit to return , we 'll have to reduce the unpayable private debts now outstanding ; to restore private incomes ( meaning : create jobs ) and collateral ( meaning : home values ) ; and we 'll have to restructure the big banks .
We need to break them up , shrink the financial sector overall , expose and prosecute frauds , and create incentives for profitable lending in energy conservation , infrastructure and other sectors .
Or we could create a new parallel banking system , as was done in the New Deal .
It 's possible , of course , that all the deficit hysteria is intended to divert attention from the dysfunctions of private banking , and so to help thwart calls for financial reform .
Is that giving them too much credit ?
Maybe .
Maybe not .
Downtown Yakima has a few gems when it comes to dining options .
One of those is most certainly Barrel House .
I stumbled upon the Barrel House several years ago as the result of a recommendation by a winemaker I 'd met in the Rattlesnake Hills .
When the opportunity arose , I jumped at the chance to introduce The Oregon Wine Blog to the Barrel House based on fond memories .
My first impression made me a little nervous .
Our party of ten was there on a Monday and there was n't a soul in the place .
We had made reservations and the waitress / bartender showed us to our seats .
The Barrel House has an impressive selection of Yakima Valley and Washington wines and the prices are really unbeatable ; the mark up is a negligible $ 5 to $ 10 dollars a bottle .
That 's an incredible bargain .
I got us started by ordering the Kana Masterpiece 2007 , Portteus Malbec 2005 , and McKinley Springs 2004 Cabernet .
We also asked for the Boudreaux Cellars 2005 Cabernet to be decanted for dinner .
Our meal started out with a variety of appetizers and salads and we were soon on to the main course .
My initial nervousness went away as soon as the waitress asked me how I 'd like my duck done .
This is generally a sign that people know what they 're doing .
Between the ten of us we had a variety of entrees ; duck with a crispy skin , a beautifully displayed pork shank , scallops that melted in your mouth and perfectly done steak .
The food was excellent , and what was truly amazing was that Tim did all of this on his own .
I mean that literally - there was one guy in the kitchen ; no sous chef ; no help .
All of our plates came at once , they were all hot , and they were all tender .
The duck had perfect balance between the crisp skin with the tender breast .
We had to order another bottle of wine as well , and went with the Thurston Wolfe 06 Petite Sirah .
None of us had room for dessert .
We thanked Tim for one hell of a meal , and asked about the crowd .
He had told us that it was slower through the winter , but that over the weekend they would be slammed .
There are a handful of really nice restaurants in Yakima and Barrel House certainly heads up that list .
The entrees are a little expensive , but the wine prices are beyond reasonable .
If you 're in town , I recommend this be your first choice for dinner in Yakima .
Roughly 170,000 votes were cast through Roughly 170,000 votes were cast through Google Moderator for nearly 1,800 questions -- giving voice to thousands of Canadians .
And do n’t think that these were softball questions .
Canadians asked their Prime Minister questions on a wide variety of important topics : from the deficit to Canada ’s role in Afgahistan , from child care to protecting pensions .
We tried to select questions that represented the most popular topics and would solicit conversation .
( We also minimized duplicate questions so we could cover a range of issues . )
Neither the Prime Minister nor his office knew in advance which questions he ’d be asked .
You can see the Prime Minister respond to your questions in this video :
Prime Minister Harper is the second world leader to answer your questions in a YouTube Interview .
It ’s your appetite for political discussion on YouTube that creates these opportunities to access public leaders in this format , and we look forward to conducting more YouTube Interviews soon .
Walking through urine drives crayfish into an aggressive sexual frenzy .
Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Biology suggest that a urine - mediated combination of aggressive and reproductive behaviour ensures that only the strongest males get to mate .
Fiona Berry and Thomas Breithaupt from the University of Hull , UK , investigated the effects of urine - based chemical signaling on sexually active crayfish .
Breithaupt said , " Our results confirm that females initiate courtship behavior ; males will only attempt to mate if they receive urinary signals from the female .
Females , however , send a mixed message by releasing an aphrodisiac while also acting very aggressively towards the males . "
Females could profit in different ways from displaying such conflicting signals .
By stimulating aggressive behaviour in males , females can gauge male size and strength and thereby ensure that only the fittest males get to fertilise their eggs .
According to the researchers , " Timing seems to be key to this interaction as urine induces aggression in both sexes .
Males will discontinue urine release early in the sexual encounter , which may mitigate the female 's antagonism and enhance mating success . "
THE IRISH animation sector has accused RTÉ of failing to support an industry that has secured two nominations for this year ’s Academy Awards .
The Animation CEO Forum , which represents most of the leading companies in the business , says RTÉ is allocating less than 1 per cent of its budget for independent commissioned programmes on animation .
“ RTÉ has spent just € 300,000 a year for the past three years on animated programmes , ” the industry group said in a statement .
At the time the Oscar nominations were announced , RTÉ noted it had financially supported the three Irish nominated films .
However , executives of Irish animation studios were quick to say the Oscar nominations had come “ despite the lack of funding to the sector from RTÉ ” .
“ Without much domestic support , Irish animation studios successfully export their work internationally and the irony is that animated programmes created in Ireland are broadcast on almost every children ’s channel around the world , ” the industry group said .
RTÉ broadcast Brown Bag ’s Granny O’Grimm ’s Sleeping Beauty – nominated in the best short animated film category – at the end of last year .
It intends to show The Secret of Kells , nominated in the best animated film category and produced by Cartoon Saloon , later this year .
Damian Farrell , chairman of the industry body , said animation was the largest full - time employer in the Irish film and television sector , while Cathal Gaffney , managing director of Brown Bag Films , called for a change of policy on funding at RTÉ .
Brown Bag is one of the largest Irish animation studios .
It recently recorded a profit with with Companies Office on ordinary activities after tax of € 764,830 in the year to the end of April 2009 .
Daily Archive
I thought I was a goner .
Maybe they had read my gloating and decided we were up to no good .
Or maybe they had gotten wind of my plan to deny them a free loan next year and had decided to take their revenge …
Was it the dreaded AUDIT ?
NOPE !
I had made a mistake on my taxes .
They were writing to inform us that they OWED US more money .
After I filed my taxes I had noticed I made a mistake when claiming the “ Making Work Pay Credit ” .
One of the questions via Turbo Tax was something to the effect , “ Did you already receive the Making Work Pay Credit ? ” .
I checked YES because my husband did receive a small bump in his paycheck last March .
But the question pertained to those who had received an actual $ 250 check from the government ( ie Social Security recipients , Veterans Benefits , Railroad Retirement … ) called the “ Economic Recovery Payment ” .
It looked to me like we would be “ double dipping ” on this credit if I did not indicate we HAD in fact received something .
I was wrong .
See Tax Girl ’s great explanation of why this is n’t the case .
After I realized this I figured I would just wait for my refund and file and amended return to get back the $ 250 I had mistakenly said we already received .
Turn ’s out the government took care of it for me .
With a very nice letter indicating when my refund comes it will include the additional $ 250 .
Here is something I may never say again , “ THANK YOU IRS ! ”
Share
This :
BOSTON --
The Boston Celtics have n't found a way to fix their defensive woes .
Center Brook Lopez scored 25 points and guards Devin Harris and Courtney Lee added 23 and 21 points and the New Jersey Nets topped the Celtics 104- 96 Saturday .
The Nets , who entered the game 5 - 52 and 2 - 27 on the road , took a 29 - 27 lead on Keyon Dooling 's jumper at the end of the first quarter and never trailed again .
" Any win for us is big .
There 's no question , " Nets coach Kiki Vandeweghe said .
" But to get a win on the road , and this is one of the toughest places to play in the NBA just shows that -- it should demonstrate to our guys that if they play with effort , they can compete against anybody . "
Kevin Garnett had 26 points and Marquis Daniels had 16 for the Celtics , playing their third straight game without Paul Pierce .
The Celtics hope to get Pierce back for Tuesday 's game against Detroit .
Command Line Semantic Web with Redland Dave Beckett — @dajobe
This talk is personal opinion .
I am not speaking on behalf of my employer Yahoo !
although they are awesome .
The slides are presented via S5
Command Line Redland Every library has a utility and a manpage : Library Utility Use Manpage Raptor rapper(1 ) RDF triples to / from syntax rapper .
1 Rasqal roqet(1 ) Querying the RDF graph roqet .1 Redland rdfproc(1 ) RDF graph manipulations rdfproc.1 " Bindings " python ( 1 ) , perl ( 1 ) , ... RDF graph manipulations
rapper — syntax command line Raptor http://librdf.org/raptor/ via rapper ( 1 ) : # count triples $ rapper -c http://librdf.org/redland.rdf
# or the unix way $ rapper -q http://librdf.org/redland.rdf
| wc -l # get triples from home page $ rapper - g - q - o turtle http://www.dajobe.org/
#
What was it doing ?
$ rapper - g -q -c -- trace http://www.dajobe.org/
# parse the slides $ rapper - g - q - o turtle index.html # what just happened ?
rapper - g -c -- trace index.html
rapper parsing —
What just happened ?
RDF Graph Query SPARQL Protocol and RDF Query Language Query : Find names and websites of people on PlanetRDF : PREFIX foaf : < http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/>
SELECT ?name ?
website FROM < http://planetrdf.com/bloggers.rdf>
WHERE { ? person foaf : weblog ? website ; foaf : name ?name .
? website a foaf : Document } Protocol : http://.../qps?
query - lang=http://www.w3.org/TR/rdf-sparql-query/
&graph-id=http://planetrdf.com/bloggers.rdf &query=PREFIX foaf : < http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/...
roqet — querying command line Rasqal http://librdf.org/rasqal/ via roqet ( 1 ) : # use planetrdf query $ roqet example.rq #
I 'd like json please $ roqet -r json example .rq # or CSV $ roqet -r csv example .rq # just the names in column 2 $ roqet -r csv example .rq | awk - F , '{print $ 2} ' roqet querying —
What just happened ?
rdfproc — RDF graph command line Redland http://librdf.org/ via rdfproc( 1 ) : $ rdfproc Redland RDF processor utility 1.0.10 Copyright 2000 - 2008 David Beckett .
Copyright 2000 - 2005 University of Bristol
Try `rdfproc -- help ' for more information .
# Guess - aka GRDDL parse $ rdfproc test parse
http://www.dajobe.org/ guess # debug print $ rdfproc test print # Ntriples please $ rdfproc test serialize ntriples # query $ rdfproc test query sparql - ' select ? o where { ?s < http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/name>
?o} '
Web dev command line Multiple language bindings have their own utility .
$ python Python 2.5.5 ( r255:77872 , Feb 1 2010 , 19:53:42 ) [ GCC 4.4.3 ] on linux2 Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information .
<<< import RDF <<< $ perl - MRDF :: Redland '...' etc. Triplr — Web Command Line : the address bar Like the above but in the cloud .
So it must be AWESOME !
Triplr : http://triplr.org/
Run a query returning JSON via Triplr
Thanks Slides : http://bit.ly/semweb-sxsw
Redland : http://librdf.org/
Source tarballs , GIT
debs for libraries and supported bindings
Linux : Debian , Ubuntu , Fedora , SUSE , ... and several others
BSD ports
Gentoo Linux emerge ports
Win32 : not available yet ( in progress slows )
Perl CPAN : old versions .
Use newer versions from source / packages
" When we lie on the beach , we 're not only lying on a bed of sand but a bed of plastics . "
The Abbey of the Genesee
Monks ’ Bread and Specialty items are baked at the Abbey of the Genesee , a Roman Catholic community of contemplative monks belonging to the worldwide Order of Cistercians of the Strict Observance ( O.C.S.O. ) , more commonly known as Trappists .
DynaLoader is a portable high - level interface around you OS 's dynamic library loading .
It 's the code that 's loading your XS modules .
It 's actually doing a pretty good job at that .
You may wonder then why I consider its use harmful .
If all you want to do is load the XS part of your module , it 's the wrong tool for the job .
Most of all because it has a truly awful interface .
It requires you to inherit your module from it .
It 's common knowledge that public inheritance from an implementation detail is a really bad idea .
It breaks not only encapsulation rather badly , but also violates separation of concerns .
This would be as bad as it is if DynaLoader did n't use AutoLoader .
Because of this , when you call some undefined method on an instance of a class that derives from DynaLoader you do n't get this error :
Ca n't locate object method " undefined_method " via package " Foo "
But this rather cryptic error :
Ca n't locate auto/Foo/undefined_m.al in @INC ( @INC contains : /etc/perl /usr/local/lib/perl/5.10.0
/usr/local/share/perl/5.10.0
/usr/lib/perl5 /usr/share/perl5
/usr/lib/perl/5.10
/usr/share/perl/5.10 /usr/local/lib/site_perl .)
No way a perl novice will understand what 's going on there !
Worst part may be that this interface buys us very little in practice .
The inheritance is used only once in the DynaLoader code , to call the dl_load_flags function .
Surely there has to be a better way to pass on that one bit of data !
One solution to this is to simply encapsulate the module loading to a different module .
This is a working approach , but then you 're reimplementing a module that has been in the perl core for a decade now : XSLoader .
It 's not perfect , but it will cover 98 % of all XS user 's needs with significantly less disadvantages .
Honestly , there are valid uses of DynaLoader , but standard XS modules just are n't one of them .
Use XSLoader or if that does n't suit you write a patch for it or a better wrapper and put it on CPAN * , but do n't use DynaLoader directly .
* I might even do that myself .
New Hampshire State Representative Nancy Elliott just became a blog superstar for all the wrong reasons .
Elliott , a Republican and member of the state ’s judiciary committee , thinks that because New Hampshire allows gay marriage , children in schools are now being “ subjected ” to lessons on how best to penetrate members of the same sex .
She even went so far as to level such an allegation during a recent hearing on a bill to repeal the state ’s marriage equality law , much to the confusion of school officials who vehemently denied her claims .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I heard yesterday from a mother that in fifth grade in Nashua , they were given as part of their classroom instruction naked pictures of two men showing a presentation of anal sex , ” she said during a recent session , according to New Hampshire newspaper The Nashua Telegraph .
“ This is directly to the bill , ” she continued .
“ Because we have made a marriage of same sex , they are now teaching it in public school .
They are showing our fifth - graders how they can actually perform this kind of sex and they are condoning , they are saying this is normal and this is something that you may want to try . ”
“ We do n’t have any information that this has occurred , ” school superintendent Mark Conrad told the Telegraph .
In a video lighting up blogs nation - wide , Elliott provides a graphic description of anal sex , then warns , “ that could happen to you . ”
Her full quote went like this :
And so , you know I started thinking , and we ’re talking about taking the penis of one man and putting into the rectum of another man , and wiggling it around in excrement .
And I have to think , I ’m not sure , would I allow that to be done to me ?
All of us , that could happen to you .
Would you let the happen to you ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch ( this video was published to YouTube by user impolitical on Feb.
9 , 2010 :
But that was n’t the end of her anti-gay tirade .
According to blog Pam’s House Blend , she continued , even suggesting that anal sex is something kids are being “ subjected ” to .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I see it as a real problem in our society , ” she said .
“ I see it as a real affront to our citizens that their children are subjected to this .
And so I think that it is important that we revisit what we did .
We made a mistake , we should repeal [ gay marriage ] . ”
Even celebrity blogger Perez Hilton could n’t resist commenting on Elliott ’s rant .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Your ignorance is infuriating ! ” he jeered .
“ Seriously New Hampshire , it ’s time to start shopping for a new state rep .
She thinks you all made a mistake allowing same - sex marriage in your state . ”
“ We ’re not sure how this has come to Rep. Elliott ’s attention , ” the school superintendent added .
“ As a state representative , if she became aware of a concern from a parent about inappropriate subject matter , I would think she would have a responsibility to call us .
To my knowledge , she has n’t done that . ”
Im August 2004 gab es ausgesprochen negative Schlagzeilen für Linux .
Die Stadt München stoppte eine wichtige Maßnahme ihrer geplanten Migration von Windows auf Linux , die weltweit für Aufsehen sorgte .
Es bedurfte eines anwaltlichen Gutachtens , das darlegte , dass die Aussichten , patentrechtliche Schwierigkeiten zu bekommen , bei Linux und anderen Open - Source - Produkten nicht größer seien als bei anderer Software .
Oberbürgermeister Christian
Ude konnte an seiner erklärten Absicht festhalten , die Migration durchzuziehen .
Sie läuft seither weiter , aber mit Verzögerungen .
Jetzt ist bekannt geworden , wie es zur Krise des Projekts " Limux " kam .
Es steht in einem vorab veröffentlichten Kapitel aus einem Buch von Florian Müller , das demnächst erscheinen wird : " Die Lobbyschlacht um Softwarepatente " .
Müller berichtet , dass er im Sommer 2004 in größten Schwierigkeiten war , für die von ihm maßgeblich initiierte Kampagne gegen die geplante Patentrichtlinie der EU genügend öffentliche Aufmerksamkeit und damit politische Kraft zu bekommen .
" Eine richtige Krise musste her , und zwar sofort . "
Er fand Hilfe bei der Fraktion der Grünen im Münchner Stadtrat .
Diese stellte eine offizielle Anfrage an Ude , ob Patente die geplante Linux - Migration gefährden könnten .
Wilhelm Hoegner , Leiter des Amts für Datenverarbeitung der Stadt München , reagierte mit einer E - Mail auf einer Mailing - Liste des Limux - Projekts .
Darin hieß es unter anderem : " Aufgrund der zu prüfenden Fragen wurde die eigentlich für Ende Juli geplante Ausschreibung des Limux - Basis - Clients gestoppt .
Zunächst wird die Verwaltung die rechtlichen und finanziellen Risiken versuchen abzuschätzen , bevor das Verfahren weitergeht . "
Müller verbreitete am nächsten Morgen eine Pressemitteilung mit dem Titel " EU - Softwarepatente : München legt Linux - Projekt auf Eis " .
Darin hieß es ferner : " Die Entscheidung der Stadt München sollte alle Alarmsirenen in der Bundesregierung schrillen lassen .
Das Bundesinnenministerium empfiehlt allen öffentlichen Verwaltungen den Umstieg auf Linux , und das Bundesjustizministerium macht das Ganze zu einer Fehlentscheidung , die Milliarden von Euro kosten kann . "
Müller hatte seine Krise : Die Münchner Linux - Migration hatte in der Presse schon große Aufmerksamkeit gefunden ; mit ihr hatte Müller seine Kampagne gegen Softwarepatente erfolgreich verknüpft .
Außer dem Stopp der Linux - Migration kam die Frage der Softwarepatente in die Schlagzeilen .
Doch es hagelte auch Kritik am Vorgehen Müllers .
So kritisierten Open - Source - Aktivisten , er habe eine wichtige Referenzinstallation für Linux in Gefahr gebracht .
Das kurzzeitige Zurückzucken der Münchner IT - Verantwortlichen habe Bedenken gegen Linux Nahrung gegeben .
Insgesamt sei Firmen , deren Geschäft Open Source ist , in München und anderswo Schaden zugefügt worden .
Müller habe also unverantwortlich gehandelt , um für sein Anliegen Aufmerksamkeit zu gewinnen .
In seinem Buch verteidigt Müller seine Aktivitäten .
Unter anderem erklärt er : " In gewisser Weise war die Aufregung um Limux ein Sturm im Wasserglas , da die Stadt München ihr Migrationsprojekt fortsetzte , aber der Durchbruch in den Medien hatte nachhaltige Auswirkungen auf die Debatte über Softwarepatente . "
Andere meinen , Müller sei nur knapp dem zweifelhaften Verdienst entgangen , das Limux - Projekt zu Fall gebracht zu haben .
Zu seinem Glück hat München mit Christian Ude einen Oberbürgermeister , der sich nicht von seinem Entschluss abbringen ließ , die Linux - Migration durchzuführen .
Das hatte zuvor nicht einmal Microsoft - Boss Steve Ballmer mit einem persönlichen Besuch bei Ude geschafft .
( ls )
